A stunning turn of events yesterday : CNET announced that Verizon " appears to have adopted an approach to illegal file sharing that sounds very similar to one promoted and pushed heavily by the music industry . "
That approach ?
Graduated response , complete with disconnections for repeat offenders .
And it was n't just a rumor .
After claiming that " warnings to accused file sharers " could lead to a " service interruption " for those users , the site then quoted Verizon 's Bobbi Henson : " We 've cut some people off . "
But Verizon says it 's not true .
Everything about the story was extraordinary , since the RIAA has been trying to round up such ISP support for more than a year with no public success to date ( some ISPs are forwarding warning letters , however ) .
Getting Verizon on board with sanctions would be a major coup for the music industry , and would be a remarkable development coming from the company , which has always been publicly resistant to playing copyright cop on the Internet .
We checked in with Henson , who describes the story as a " misunderstanding by CNET of something I said which resulted in story inaccuracies . "
According to her , nothing has changed at Verizon .
The company forwards copyright infringement notices to consumers , and it says that program alone has been quite successful at reducing repeated infringement claims .
It has also " not resulted in the termination of any Verizon customer ’s service . "
Henson stressed that Verizon " could " disconnect someone over the issue ; in fact , nearly all ISPs have similar provisions as part of their terms of service or acceptable use policy .
But the company has not done so , and has no plans to do so .
" Our goal is to protect our customers ’ privacy and due process rights while recognizing the importance of copyright protection and acquiring content legally , " according to a statement forwarded to us by Verizon .
" We believe our program strikes a reasonable approach and is working very well . "
CNET has just issued a defense of its reporting which relies on a reporter 's notes of the conversation .
Henson tells us that the comments were only about what Verizon could do , but that she never claimed such cutoffs had happened .
Who knows what happened ... and in the end , it does n't matter , because the final result is the same : Verizon still publicly refuses to adopt graduated response sanctions .
If an 85 - year - old Holocaust survivor had gone on hunger strike in support of a besieged people in another part of the world , and hundreds of mostly western protesters had been stoned and beaten by police , you can be sure we'd have heard all about it .
But because that is what 's been happening in western - backed Egypt , rather than Iran , and the people the protesters are supporting are the Palestinians of Gaza instead of , say , Tibetans , most people in Europe and north America know nothing about it .
For the last fortnight , two groups of hundreds of activists have been battling with Egyptian police and officials to cross into the Gaza Strip to show solidarity with the blockaded population on the first anniversary of Israel 's devastating onslaught .
Last night , George Galloway 's Viva Palestina 500 - strong convoy of medical aid was finally allowed in , minus 50 of its 200 vehicles , after being repeatedly blocked , diverted and intimidated by Egyptian security – including a violent assault in the Egyptian port of El Arish on Tuesday night which left dozens injured , despite the participation of one British and 10 Turkish MPs .
That followed an attempted " Gaza freedom march " by 1,400 protesters from more than 40 countries , only 84 of whom were allowed across the border – which is what led Hedy Epstein , both of whose parents died in Auschwitz , to refuse food in Cairo , as the group 's demonstrations were violently broken up and Israel 's prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu was feted nearby .
Yesterday , demonstrations by Palestinians on the Gazan side of the border against the harassment of the aid convoy led to violent clashes with Egyptian security forces in which an Egyptian soldier was killed and many Palestinians injured .
But although the confrontation has been largely ignored in the west , it has been a major media event in the Middle East which has only damaged Egypt .
And while the Egyptian government claims it is simply upholding its national sovereignty , the saga has instead starkly exposed its complicity in the US - and European - backed blockade of Gaza and the collective punishment of its one and a half million people .
The main protagonist of the siege , Israel , controls only three sides of the Strip .
Without Egypt , which polices the fourth , it would be ineffective .
But , having tolerated the tunnels that have saved Gazans from utter beggary , the Cairo regime is now building a deep underground steel wall – known as the " wall of shame " to many Egyptians – under close US supervision , to make the blockade complete .
That 's partly because the ageing Egyptian dictator , Hosni Mubarak , fears cross - border contamination from Gaza 's elected Hamas administration , whose ideological allies in the banned Muslim Brotherhood would be likely to win free elections in Egypt .
But two other factors seem to have been decisive in convincing Cairo to bend to American and Israeli pressure and close the vice on Gaza 's Palestinians , along with those who support them .
The first was a US threat to cut hundreds of millions of dollars of aid unless it cracked down on arms and other smuggling .
The second is the need for US acquiescence in the widely expected hereditary succession of Mubarak 's ex-banker son , Gamal , to the presidency .
So , far from protecting its sovereignty , the Egyptian government has sold it for continued foreign subsidy and despotic dynastic rule , sacrificing any pretence to its historic role of Arab leadership in the process .
From the wider international perspective , it is precisely this western embrace of repressive and unrepresentative regimes such as Egypt's , along with unwavering backing for Israel 's occupation and colonisation of Palestinian land , that is at the heart of the crisis in the Middle East and Muslim world .
Decades of oil - hungry backing for despots , from Iran to Oman , Egypt to Saudi Arabia , along with the failure of Arab nationalism to complete the decolonisation of the region , fuelled first the rise of Islamism and then the eruption of al - Qaida - style terror more than a decade ago .
But , far from addressing the natural hostility to foreign control of the area and its resources at the centre of the conflict , the disastrous US - led response was to expand the western presence still further , with new and yet more destructive invasions and occupations , in Iraq , Afghanistan and elsewhere .
And the Bush administration 's brief flirtation with democratisation in client states such as Egypt was quickly abandoned once it became clear who was likely to be elected .
The poisonous logic of this imperial quagmire is now leading inexorably to the spread of war under Barack Obama .
Following the failed bomb attack of a Detroit - bound flight on Christmas Day , the US president this week announced two new fronts in the war on terror , faithfully echoed by Gordon Brown : Yemen , where the would - be bomber was allegedly trained ; and Somalia , where al - Qaida has also put down roots in the swamp of chronic civil war and social disintegration .
Greater western military intervention in both countries will certainly make the problem worse .
In Somalia , it has already done so , after the US - backed Ethiopian invasion of 2006 overthrew the relatively pragmatic Islamic Courts Union and spawned the more extreme , al - Qaida - linked Shabab movement , now in control of large parts of the country .
Increased US backing for the unpopular Yemeni government , already facing armed rebellion in the north and the threat of secession from the restive south – which only finally succeeded in forcing out British colonial rule in 1967 – is bound to throw petrol on the flames .
The British prime minister tried this week to claim that the growth of al - Qaida in Yemen and Somalia showed western strategy was " working " , because the escalation of the war in Afghanistan and Pakistan had forced it to look for sanctuaries elsewhere .
In reality , it is a measure of the grotesque failure of the entire war on terror .
Since its launch in October 2001 , al - Qaida has spread from the mountains of Afghanistan across the region , to Iraq , Pakistan , the horn of Africa , and far beyond .
Instead of scaling down the western support for dictatorship and occupation that fuels al - Qaida - style terror , and concentrating resources on police action to counter it , the US and its allies have been drawn inexorably into repeating and extending the monstrosities that sparked it in the first place .
It 's the recipe for a war on terror without end .
There is an article in Science magazine on January 13 2010 titled
Exclusive : 2009 Hottest Year on Record in Southern Hemisphere by Eli Kintisch
It reads
The United States may be experiencing one of the coldest winters in decades , but things continue to heat up in the Southern Hemisphere .
Science has obtained exclusive data from NASA that indicates that 2009 was the hottest year on record south of the Equator .
The find adds to multiple lines of evidence showing that the 2000s were the warmest decade in the modern instrumental record .
Southern Hemisphere temperatures can serve as a trailing indicator of global warming , says NASA mathematician Reto Ruedy of the Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York City , given that part of the globe is mostly water , which warms more slowly and with less variability than land .
Ruedy says 2009 temperatures in the Southern Hemisphere were 0.49 °C warmer than the period between 1951 and 1980 , with an error of +/- 0.05°C .
That makes 2009 the warmest year on record in that hemisphere .
That ’s significant because the second - warmest year , 1998 , saw the most severe recorded instance in the 20th century of El Niño , a cyclic warming event in the tropical Pacific .
During El Niño events , heat is redistributed from deep water to the surface , which raises ocean temperatures and has widespread climatic effects .
But last year was an El Niño year of medium strength , which Ruedy says might mean that the warmer temperatures also show global , long - term warming as well as the regional trend .
The data come a month after announcements by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ( NOAA ) and by the World Meterological Organization that the decade of the 2000s was warmer than the 1990s .
( NOAA estimates that the decade was 0.54 °C warmer than the 20th century average .
The 1990s , by comparison , was 0.36 °C warmer by their measure . )
Meanwhile , NOAA is expected to announce possible record highs in the tropics when it releases its final report on 2009 temperatures on Friday .
“ This is one of the coldest winters we ’ve experienced in a while up here in the northern latitudes , ” says Derek Arndt of NOAA ’s National Climatic Data Center in Asheville , North Carolina .
“ But we ’re piling up a lot of heat in the tropics . ”
However , their claim fails the reality check when even a cursory examination of the data ( the “ multiple lines of evidence “ ) is made .
For example , see
which I originally posted on January 8 2010 .
John Christy has also provided the Southern Hemisphere lower tropospheric MSU derived temperature anomalies and 2009 was the 4th warmest in the period 1979 - 2009 :
The other years and their anomalies are 1998 ( +0.41 ) ; 2002 ( +0.30 ) ; 2005 ( +0.24 ) and 2009 ( +0.21 ) .
The anomaly of 1998 was almost twice the anomaly of 2009 in the Southern Hemisphere .
The RSS MSU anomalies are also in close agreement with the UAH MSU data that John has provided .
The Science article perpetuates the focus on an inappropriately narrow assessment of global ( and hemispheric ) warming .
This is misleading policymakers , and , with respect to Science magazine itself , is confirming that it is not presenting a balanced view of climate science .
Here you can travel through the dream database in a fluid and exploratory manner .
Your travel will be based on connections of ideas and themes , and will be formed by both your interactions and the connections that are created .
You have a limited amount of control , yet everything is related somehow .
Hopefully you 'll find this interface very dreamlike .
Play with it ; as you view dreams your environment changes .
There is also a more detailed explanation of the project .
If you have any questions about TCUP , please email Simon
Our mission is to be a disruptive architectural force so that what we build today has a profoundly positive future impact .
We do this by offering what has been described as “ the best wall system on the planet . ”
It 's the seventh day of Christmas at ComicsAlliance , as our 12 Days of Christmas original art series continues .
Every day until the 25th , we 'll be posting a new illustration from a comics creator at Periscope Studio that reinterprets the days of the Christmas carol -- with a comic book twist .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2009/12/20/12-days-of-christmas-day-7-steve-lieber/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ;
Today 's illustration comes from Steve Lieber , the artist of the graphic novel " Whiteout " -- an Antarctic murder mystery that was recently adapted to a feature film -- and the creator - owned " Underground " miniseries with Day 5's Jeff Parker , about murder and intrigue in the depths of disputed caves in a small town .
Steve brings us an incredible illustration of seven Bella Swans a swimming , which manages to make the frighteningly incompetent and co-dependent " Twilight " heroine worse in the only way that might be possible : by there being more of her .
Enjoy !
( click to embiggen )
Ahem :
On the seventh day of Christmas , my true love gave to me :
Seven Bella Swans a swimming
Six geese a laying
Five power riiiiiiings
Four Calling Birds
Three French Hens
Two Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtledoves
And a " partridge " in a pear tree .
WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW
Saturday , May 2 - Facebook Live
We are sad to announce that we are cancelling the 2020 NPC .
See you in 2021 !
Become a Sponsor of the 2021 APC National Pie Championships !
TRENTON --
After a month in legislative limbo , a controversial bill to allow gay marriage in New Jersey will get a vote in the state Senate Thursday , Senate President Richard Codey said Tuesday .
The decision sets up another dramatic day here as supporters said they wo n’t know if the measure will pass until the votes are tallied .
Senators will make a decision a month after Codey called off a vote when sponsors worried there was n’t enough support — and a week after Assembly Speaker Joseph Roberts said his house wo n’t vote on gay marriage until it passes the Senate .
Full Star - Ledger coverage of the Gay Marriage Debate in New Jersey
" Given the intensely personal nature of this issue , I think the people of this state deserve the right to a formal debate on the Senate floor , " Codey said .
With many legislators refusing to say where they stand , Sen. Loretta Weinberg ( D - Bergen ) , a sponsor , said the vote forces them to " stand up and be counted on how they feel about equal rights . "
" They ca n’t be hesitant anymore , " Weinberg said .
" They have to come to the realization that we were elected to take sometimes difficult stands , but we were not elected to only worry about the next election . "
Sen. Gerald Cardinale ( R - Bergen ) , an opponent of the bill , said there is n’t enough support in either house to pass the measure but declined to say it would fail in the Senate .
" I have no way of getting into anybody ’s head and saying how they ’re going to go , " Cardinale said .
" Maybe they ’re hoping that the debate will inflame people or that there will be folks who say outrageous things . "
Senate Majority Leader and incoming Senate President Stephen Sweeney ( D - Gloucester ) declined to say how he would vote , but said gay marriage supporters " have made a very strong case about civil rights — one that ’s hard to ignore , to be perfectly honest with you . "
Roberts said the gay marriage divide in the Assembly is " very , very , very close , " and his colleagues had been reluctant to vote on the bill only to see it go down in the Senate .
" A lot of Assembly people have said , ‘ We want to support it , but we frankly want to know that it ’s going to pass both houses , ’ " said Roberts ( D - Camden ) .
" And I think that ’s a similar view in the Senate , that this has to be a reality in both houses .
It ’s simple mathematics . "
If the bill clears the Senate , Roberts said he will post it in the full Assembly " immediately " Monday without a committee hearing , a day before leadership changes in both houses .
Gov. Jon Corzine has pledged to sign it and today said " marriage equality is an idea whose time has come . "
Gov.-elect Chris Christie , who opposes gay marriage , takes office Jan. 19 .
Codey ’s announcement means feverish lobbying by both sides will continue .
John Tomicki of the Coalition to Preserve and Protect Marriage said local organizers affiliated with his group are contacting senators opposed to the bill , to make sure they do not change their minds .
Steven Goldstein , chair of Garden State Equality said " over 1,000 " members of his organization would rally at the Statehouse Thursday .
Sen. Raymond Lesniak ( D - Union ) , a sponsor of the bill , said if it fails in the Senate , the " fight will continue ... in the courts and continue in the legislative bodies . "
By Mary Fuchs and Claire Heininger / Statehouse Bureau
Related coverage
Nancy Weiss Malkiel , dean of the undergraduate college at Princeton , said the policy was not meant to establish such grade quotas , but to set a goal :
Over time and across all academic departments , no more than 35 percent of grades in undergraduate courses would be A - plus , A or A - minus .
Early on , Dr. Malkiel sent 3,000 letters explaining the change to admissions officers at graduate schools and employers across the country , and every transcript goes out with a statement about the policy .
But recently , the university administration has been under pressure to do more .
So it created a question - and - answer booklet that it is now sending to many of the same graduate schools and employers .
Princeton also studied the effects on admissions rates to top medical schools and law schools , and found none .
While the number of graduates securing jobs in finance or consulting dropped to 169 last year from 249 in 2008 and 194 in 2004 , the university attributed the falloff to the recession .
( Each graduating class has about 1,100 students . )
But the drop in job placements , whatever the cause , has fueled the arguments of those opposed to the policy .
The grading change at Princeton was prompted by the creep of A’s , which accelerated in the 1990s , and the wildly divergent approaches to grading across disciplines .
Historically , students in the natural sciences were graded far more rigorously , for example , than their classmates in the humanities , a gap that has narrowed but that still exists .
Image But Jacob Loewenstein said , “ There are tons of really great schools with really smart kids applying for the same jobs . ”
Credit ... Suzanne DeChillo / The New York Times
Some students respect the tougher posture .
“ What people do n’t realize is that grades at different schools always have different meanings , and people at Goldman Sachs or the Marshall Scholarship have tons of experience assessing different G.P.A. ’s , ” said Jonathan Sarnoff , a sophomore who sits on the editorial board of The Daily Princetonian .
“ A Princeton G.P.A. is different from the G.P.A. at the College of New Jersey down the road . ”
Faye Deal , the associate dean for admissions and financial aid at Stanford Law School , said she had read Princeton ’s literature on the policy and continued “ to view Princeton candidates in the same fashion  strong applicants with excellent preparation . ”
Denver Public Schools apologized Tuesday for what it called a “ well - intentioned but highly insensitive ” attempt to honor the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr .
Friday ’s DPS lunch menu , headlined “ In Honor Of M.L. King , ” offered students “ Southern Style ” chicken and collard greens — a meal that some say is an offensive caricature of black culture .
In a statement issued Tuesday night and posted on the school district ’s website , DPS spokesman Michael Vaughn said the meal was “ highly insensitive in light of certain hurtful cultural stereotypes still harbored in parts of our society . ”
“ Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. is one of the greatest leaders and civil rights heroes in our country ’s history , ” Vaughn said .
“ We are working with all of our schools to ensure that our students appreciate the enduring legacy of Dr. King ’s work and life and the extraordinary importance of his message in our community today . ”
In December , Jennifer Holladay , mother of a Denver kindergartner and former director of Teaching Tolerance — a project of the Southern Poverty Law Center — saw the lunch menu for the next month and noticed the menu listing for Jan. 15 .
Holladay said she was instantly upset .
“ Denver Public Schools are great because they are so diverse , but this sort of thing undermines the positive things that kids can get in school , ” said Holladay , who is white but whose spouse is black .
“ I am an anti-bias educator , and this is the type of thing I work with all the time , ” she said .
“ It ’s a teachable moment for DPS and for people across the country .
These caricatures can slip in without any malicious intent . ”
She said she called DPS food service to complain , left messages but never heard back from anyone in the district .
Nate Easley Jr. , the school board president , who represents northeast Denver , said he thinks there are bigger problems facing DPS than what is on the lunch menu .
“ I do n’t think people woke up in the morning and said how can we offend people , ” Easley said .
“ As a black man , the things that offend me more is how we are doing with kids in the district , ” he said .
“ It ’s not having kids graduating and doing well .
The outcomes of the district are more offensive to me than someone trying to do the right thing and being offensive . ”
“ If Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was alive today , I think he would be more concerned about our outcomes of our students than what they are eating to honor him , ” Easley said .
However , Lecia Brooks , interim director at the Civil Rights Memorial Center in Montgomery , Ala. , said reducing the honor for King to a chicken lunch is offensive .
“ For me , it ’s heartbreaking for Dr. King and all he did and what he is about is now reduced to the ‘ I Have a Dream ’ speech and now chicken , ” she said .
“ It ’s very upsetting .
If that is the message young people are receiving , then why have a holiday ? ”
Jeremy P. Meyer : 303-954-1367 or jpmeyer@denverpost.com
This article has been corrected in this online archive .
Originally , the spouse of Jennifer Holladay was incorrectly identified as her husband .
Holladay ’s spouse is a woman .
Beware the killer veg :
How tomatoes are carnivorous and can trap insects for food
Tomatoes are among 325 species that have been classed as carnivorous by the Royal Botanical Gardens in Kew
Anyone about to tuck into a bowl of tomato soup , or a hot buttered jacket potato , should stop reading now .
Researchers at the Royal Botanical Gardens in Kew believe these two members of the nightshade family could be hiding a bloodthirsty secret .
The tomato and potato are among 325 new species suspected of harbouring an appetite for flesh , including the potato , ornamental tobacco plants and petunia flowers .
But unlike the Venus Flytrap , they have no means of digesting their victims .
Instead , they catch small insects in sticky hairs on their stems , wait for them to fall to the ground dead , and absorb the nutrients via their root system .
Kew 's head of genetics Dr Mike Fay said that the carnivorous ability of many species had gone unrecognised because they were missing many key characteristics associated with meat - eating plants .
He said : ' Widely recognised carnivorous plants number some 650 and we estimate that another 325 or so are probable additions - so an increase of about 50 per cent . '
The scientists made the discovery as part of an assessment of carnivorous plants in honour of the 200th anniversary of Charles Darwin 's birth .
Darwin had been fascinated by such plant species and even fed them meat in research for his book Insectivorous Plants , published in 1875 .
Although cultivated varieties of tomatoes and potatoes no longer have need of such gruesome fertiliser , they still have those killer hairs .
So if you 're going down to the greenhouse today - be very careful .
Libertarian Joe Kennedy , running in a special election for U.S. Senator in Massachusetts , appeared December 22 in this televised debate , carried by WBZ in Boston .
Visit Joe Kennedy ’s website .
Beach House 's sound was fully formed at the time of their 2006 debut .
They had slow , shadowy dream - pop down ; at times they recalled Mazzy Star or Galaxie 500 , but songs like " Apple Orchard " and " Master of None " had a dark and blurry resonance all their own .
Artists that start out so assured and distinctive can run into trouble on second , third , and fourth records .
Hardcore fans are there no matter what , but others may wonder :
Do I need another album from this band ?
When I 'm in the mood for what they bring , can't I just put on what I already have ?
Teen Dream , Beach House 's third album and first for Sub Pop , obliterates these concerns .
This is both the most diverse and most listenable of their three full - lengths , and yet it never seems like a compromise .
It feels like the product of careful , thoughtful growth , bringing in new influences -- bits of mid-1970s Fleetwood Mac , sparkling indie pop , even a few soul and gospel touches --- while maintaining the group 's core sound .
Teen Dream is a stirring reminder that good things can happen when you move out of your comfort zone .
The interplay between Victoria Legrand 's voice and droning keyboards and Alex Scally 's guitars is still the key element of the band 's aesthetic .
But here , each song has its own palette , which creates new possibilities .
So the repetitive guitar figure , double - time kick drum , and crashing cymbals in the opening " Zebra " immediately suggest movement , signaling that this record will have a dramatic sweep unheard on the band 's more pensive beginnings .
And the whispery " ah - ah - ah " backing vocals that open " Norway " imply a new openness to the allure of pop pleasure , as that bit of ear candy finds a sharp contrast in the seasick - sounding slide that hovers over the verses .
More somber ballads like " Better Times " and " Silver Soul " have the thick , churning gloom familiar from earlier records , but they acquire more force by being placed alongside tracks that allow for more light .
Front to back , the arrangements and sequencing are superb .
Despite the brighter , more pop- informed sound and an album title that brings to mind the hazy nostalgia of youth , Teen Dream has a pretty sad heart .
Because the music is so effective , the churn of emotions is there even when you do n't know exactly what Legrand is singing about ( this can happen easily with her unusual phrasing ) .
But a closer listen reveals songs about uncertainty , doubt , and feeling beaten down by the world .
" Walk in the Park " sounds romantic on paper , but this is a journey taken alone as a way to try and forget someone who is no longer around .
The choppy verses , nudged along by the sort of cheap drum machine Beach House use expertly to suggest loneliness , explode sideways into a shimmering chorus that finds Legrand busting out a time - heals - all - wounds affirmation over a calliope organ .
This chorus turn is a big moment that gets more affecting with more listens , lunging from resigned sorrow to an anxious plea , and it accomplishes this mood swing with a damn catchy melodic hook .
A similar lift - off happens on " 10 Mile Stereo " , when the song shifts from its deliberate opening bars to its rushing and noisy main section that 's as close as Beach House have come to true shoegaze .
The gorgeous racket is affixed to a song about feeling dead inside after another failed relationship : " Limbs parallel /
We stood so long , we fell . "
Though the Teen Dream lyrics are printed in the booklet , they lose their power on the page .
" Real Love " , from the album 's less immediate but equally rewarding second half , has my favorite imagery from the record , and is also Legrand 's best vocal performance .
At first , it 's just her and a piano , with chords that lean toward gospel .
Hearing her voice in such a spare setting reinforces just how rich , earthy , and , dare I say it , soulful it really is .
" I met you somewhere in a hell beneath the stairs , " she sings , " There 's someone in that room that frightens you when they go boom , boom , boom . "
There 's pain in these lines , but her cracking , husky intonation amplifies it tenfold .
It 's easy to miss that Legrand 's presence is forceful and deep rather than ethereal and angelic , but here these qualities stand out like never before , lending her darker laments extra weight .
As with Liars ' Drum 's Not Dead , the Teen Dream CD comes with a DVD containing videos for each of the record 's songs , all by different directors .
The clips range from 8 mm found footage to colorful Flash collages to silly stories that clash with the music in a big way .
To be honest , it 's a little overwhelming to be dealing with 10 videos when you 're getting to know an album , and I 'm not sold on this sort of package at this point .
The DVD , while it looks reasonably interesting , seems like something to spend time with later , after the record has had a chance to sink in .
For now , I 'm more inclined to close my eyes and imagine my own pictures for Teen Dream .
The music has been inspiring some pretty vivid ones .
Elberfeld Horses
The mathematical wonders of the animal world in Elberfeld , Germany .
The case was described by E. Clarapède , of Geneva University , as " the most sensational event that has happened in the psychological world . "
The discovery of equine mathematical genius was made by William von Osten in 1891 .
The horse " Kluge Hans " ( Clever Hans ) was taught to count skittles ( pins used in the bowling game of ninepins ) by striking with his hoof as many times as there were skittles on the table .
Von Osten first pronounced the numbers aloud and later wrote them on a blackboard .
The results soon proved to be astonishing .
The horse began to perform mathematical operations .
In 1904 von Osten invited cavalry officers to witness his experiments and exhibited the feats of Clever Hans without charge .
As a result of the publicity that these performances attracted , scientists began to take an interest in the subject of animal intelligence .
A scientific committee headed by C. Stumpf ( director of the Institute of Psychology at Berlin University ) investigated Clever Hans in 1904 and did not find trickery .
Their report was attacked by Albert Moll , a dogmatic specialist in hypnotism .
Moll had visited Elberfeld and , as is often the case with unsympathetic or prejudiced observers , every experiment he made was a failure .
He theorized that this proved that the animal could only perform the tasks by noting infinitesimal signs from the trainer or other persons present , and without any firm evidence Moll persuaded Stumpf to change his mind .
A second committee reached a more positive conclusion concerning the horse 's abilities .
Thereafter , although Moll was not on either the first or second investigating committee , the myth of the " Clever Hans Error " of overlooking " unconscious signaling " passed into the psychology textbooks .
This view was reinforced by Stumpf 's assistant Oskar Pfungst , who , with the permission of von Osten , conducted his own experiments with the horse .
Pfungst virtually took over the horse 's training , eliciting any response he desired by movements of his head , eyes , or hands .
Eventually the horse paid little attention to its groom or even to its master .
Pfungst 's publication of his detailed experiments duly " proved " the unconscious signaling theory of Moll and gave scientific credence to the claim that animals cannot think .
Even in modern times , Pfungst 's work is cited as a model of reliable scientific investigation , although some years after publication of his work Pfungst himself was aware that it was not above criticism .
In his book Clever Hans ( 1911 ) he writes :
" Someone could say that the horse had only been ' mechanized ' and rendered useless for independent thinking by our experiments , and that previously the horse had been able to count , and simply became accustomed in my lessons to the bad habit of following my signals .
But Herr von
Osten never achieved results without error , as I did in my experiments . "
The conclusion that , consciously or unconsciously , Pfungst retrained the horse to fit his own theories seems a likely one .
Von Osten became an irritable recluse , convinced that his lifework had been destroyed .
In a newspaper article of August 1904 he states : " In spite of everything one can hardly see in these experiments more than a kind of scholarly jest which has no special value for science or practical life . "
He died in 1909 .
The horse Clever Hans passed to Karl Krall , a jeweler in Elberfeld , who decided to continue von Osten 's work and dis - prove the unconscious signaling theory .
In his stables near Wuppertal , Krall taught four more horses : " Muhamed , " " Zarif , " " Berto , " and " Hänschen . "
The last horse was blind and clearly unable to perceive visual signals but learned to calculate as rapidly as the other horses .
Krall also put blinders on the eyes of the others during lessons so that they could only see a blackboard and not their trainer .
At times he gave lessons in complete darkness .
Krall improved on von Osten 's training by introducing a phonetic system for language communication .
The horses not only learned the fundamental mathematical operations of addition , subtraction , multiplication , and division , but after only four months ' training they extracted square and cube roots .
They answered questions by stamping with their hoofs .
To give the number 34 , for instance , they struck three times with the left and four times with the right hoof .
Krall 's book Denkende Tiere ( 1912 ) stirred the world of science .
Commissions and investigators from all over the world journeyed to the stables .
Many scientists persisted in stubborn negations ; others went away in awe and wonder .
One committee of 24 scientists could not tolerate the suggestion that horses could calculate like men , which would be " subversive of the evolutionary theory . "
They drew up a document of protest against the facts reported earlier by the investigator Clarapède , although in fact only two of the scientists on the committee had ever seen the horses .
The famous author Maurice Maeterlinck paid a visit .
The horse Muhamed , after a formal introduction , phonetically spelled out his name with his hoofs and solved almost instantaneously problems to which even Maeterlinck did not know the answer , refused to give the square root of a chance number that was afterward found to have none , and even expressed thoughts and feelings by spelling .
On one occasion Muhamed complained , " The groom struck Hänschen . "
Unless one is prepared to discount the evidence of Maeterlinck and the many distinguished scientists who confirmed that the horses could correctly answer questions when the answer was not even known to the inquirer , the " unconscious signaling " theory of Pfungst must be considered unproved .
His own detailed experiments with Clever Hans and other animals , however consistent in results , probably proved what he expected them to prove and so cannot be considered impartial or definitive .
There are some interesting aspects about Krall 's horses .
Sometimes they gave messages that they were tired and would not answer .
Sometimes they could not answer quite simple questions , such as the number of individuals present .
If uncertain , they made a timid blow with their hoofs , and generally their intelligence and behavior appeared to be on the level of a six - to eight - year - old child .
In the experiments , care was taken to exclude the possibility of mind reading .
As a precaution to prevent " unconscious signals , " the questions were sometimes asked by telephone , the receiver being hung on the ear of the horse ; frequently the problem was written on the blackboard and the horse left alone to solve it .
Sometimes the figures were traced with a finger on the back of the animal .
It is a curious fact that after six months of schooling , the horses made no further progress .
They could only do what they had been taught , and they appeared to do it without any conscious effort .
No satisfactory conclusion was ever reached , although in more recent times experiments have been conducted on communication between human beings and dogs , chimpanzees , gorillas , and dolphins .
Where there is a strong and friendly relationship between teacher and animal , the results indicate animal intelligence , although not amenable to formal scientific validation .
An interesting development is the attempt to bypass tapping and language codes by establishing direct communication with the animal 's mind , as suggested in the work of Barbara Lysedeck in the United States .
The horses of von Osten and Krall were not the first to appear to demonstrate intelligent communication .
As early as 1591 , in Shropshire , England , a certain Master Banks exhibited a white horse named " Morocco " that communicated by tap - ping with his hoofs , apparently able to tell how much money was in a spectator 's purse .
Shakespeare referred to the animal in his play Love 's Labour 's Lost ( act 1 , scene 2 ) .
It is possible that this particular case was one of fake " mind reading " similar to modern mentalist stage shows , but according to dramatist Ben Jonson , Banks and his horse were later burned at the stake for witchcraft .
In the twentieth century the " mind - reading horse ' Lady Wonder " ' was investigated by parapsychologist J. B. Rhine in the winter of 1927 - 28 .
The horse gave answers to questions by touching her nose to letter or number blocks and seemed to be most successful when her owner , Claudia Fonda , was near .
Rhine concluded that Lady Wonder was responding telepathically .
Professional magician Milbourne Christopher believed that the horse was receiving visual cues from Fonda .
At any rate the evidence for the genuineness of the Elberfeld horses is strong , even if opposed by various scientists like Pfungst .
Many scientists testified to the reality of the phenomena .
Other favorable testimony came from members of the International Society of Animal Psychology .
The psychical researcher Count Cesar De Vesme speculated that the Elberfeld horses may have solved their problems in a mediumistic way , since they often spelled in the reverse order , suggesting mirror - writing , which is a characteristic of automatic scripts .
De Vesme did not mean to suggest the intervention of spirits , but something like a manifestation of an equine subliminal self by motor automatism , unhampered by the limitation of the animal brain .
Curiously enough , the system of communicating by tapping of hoofs is strongly reminiscent of table - turning séances .
Krall also experimented with training a young elephant , but the animal refused to learn .
Since then , attempts have been made to teach dogs to communicate in a manner similar to that of Krall 's horses .
Between 1974 and 1975 two dogs , " Elke " and " Belam , " were given some 500 lessons by Dorothy Meyer in the Berchtesgaden region of Bavaria .
The dogs were owned by Hilde Meilmaier , founder of a dog school .
For an account of the impressive achievement of these dogs see Maurice Rowdon 's 1978 book The Talking Dogs .
Sources :
Christopher , Milbourne .
ESP , Seers , and Psychics .
New York : Thomas Y. Crowell , 1970 .
Gaddis , Vincent , and Margaret Gaddis .
The Strange World of Animals and Pets. Cowles , 1970 .
Reprint , New York : Pocket Books , 1971 .
Kindermann , Henny .
Lola ; or , the Thought and Speech of Animals .
New York : E. P. Dutton , 1923 .
Krall , Karl .
Denkende Tiere .
Leipzig , 1912 .
Maeterlinck , Maurice .
The Unknown Guest .
London , 1914 .
Reprint , New Hyde Park , N.Y. : University Books , 1975 .
Pfungst , Oskar .
Clever Hans ( The Horse of Mr. Von Osten ) : A Contribution to Experimental Animal and Human Psychology .
New York , 1911 .
Reprint , New York : Holt , Rinehart & Winston , 1965 .
Rhine , J. B . " An Investigation of a ' Mind - Reading ' Horse . " Journal of Abnormal and Social Psychology 23 ( 1929 ) .
Rowdon , Maurice .
The Talking Dogs. New York : Macmillan , 1978 .
Woodhouse , Barbara .
Talking to Animals .
Croxley Green , England : Campions , 1970 .
Since 2005 , the ACLU has also advocated for the appointment of an independent prosecutor to examine issues of criminal responsibility .
Since a prosecutor was appointed in August , we have advocated for an expansion of the prosecutor 's mandate .
These efforts have been intended to serve several ends :
To create a public record of the Bush administration 's policies and their consequences ; to obtain recognition and compensation for torture victims ; to ensure that government officials who violated the law are held to account ; and to reduce the likelihood that the abuses of the last administration are repeated by the current administration , or by a future one .
We had hoped , and expected , that the Obama administration would share our commitment to most if not all of these ends .
The administration promised accountability , and initially it seemed ready to deliver .
Immediately after taking office , President Obama disavowed torture and shuttered the CIA 's black sites .
Two months later , he agreed to release the Justice Department legal memos that sought to authorize torture .
But notwithstanding those early decisions , the administration has not made good on its promise of accountability .
Now the administration is suppressing the evidence rather than disclosing it , and protecting torturers instead of investigating them .
It is shielding Bush administration officials from civil liability , criminal investigation , and even public scrutiny .
In FOIA suits , the administration is withholding key documents relating to the CIA 's rendition , detention , and interrogation program .
And it affirmatively supported new legislation to suppress photographs depicting the abuse of prisoners in defense Department custody .
In civil damages suits , the administration has urged courts not to allow torture victims to bring claims under the Constitution .
It has argued that officials should be immune from suit because it was not " clearly established " between 2002 and 2004 that torturing prisoners at Guantanamo was illegal .
And in cases relating to the CIA , it has invoked the state secrets privilege to shut down lawsuits at the very outset .
With respect to the criminal investigation initiated in August , the administration has offered a kind of immunity to interrogators who relied on the torture memos while also declining , at least so far , to investigate those who wrote the memos or authorized torture .
The Bush administration constructed a legal framework for torture , but the Obama administration is constructing a legal framework for impunity .
The issue of accountability will come to the fore once again over the next few weeks .
On December 15th , the ACLU will argue before an en banc panel of the 9th Circuit in Mohamed , et al. v. Jeppesen , a case concerning the CIA 's rendition program .
On December 16th and 23rd , the CIA is due to hand over to the ACLU documents relating to secret prisons overseas .
And the Justice Department is expected imminently to release a report , written by the Office of Professional Responsibility , that examines the conduct of the lawyers who wrote the torture memos .
It 's not too late for the Obama administration to reconsider the positions it has taken in court .
And it 's not too late for the Justice Department to expand the scope of the criminal investigation it initiated in August .
But if the administration does n't change course , it will accomplish something that the Bush administration never managed :
It will institutionalize a sweeping immunity doctrine for torturers .
“ At no point did anybody from the prime minister down say to anybody within the intelligence services , ‘ You have got to tailor it to fit this judgment or that judgment ’ ” Mr. Campbell said .
“ The whole way through , it could not have been made clearer to anybody that nothing would override the intelligence judgments and that John Scarlett was the person , if you like , who had the single pen . ”
Mr. Campbell ’s testimony set the stage for Mr. Blair ’s appearance before the inquiry later this month or early in February .
The former prime minister has struck a similarly assertive tone , telling the BBC in an interview last month that he would “ still have thought it right ” to remove Saddam Hussein by force even if he had known that the Iraqi dictator had not possessed nuclear , biological or chemical weapons .
He said Mr. Hussein and his government were a “ threat to the region ” even without unconventional weapons .
The inquiry , led by Sir John Chilcot , a retired official with close career links to Britain ’s intelligence services , was established by Gordon Brown , Mr. Blair ’s successor as prime minister , who promised to establish a wide - ranging investigation of Britain ’s role in Iraq when he took the job in 2007 .
Two previous inquiries established under Mr. Blair were more narrowly focused , and reached conclusions that many war opponents felt were too sparing of Mr. Blair and other powerful officials , including Mr. Campbell , part of the inner circle that drove the decision to go to war .
Mr. Campbell is a former tabloid newspaper reporter who became powerful through his close personal relationship with Mr. Blair .
Already a highly contentious figure , he resigned amid the controversy that erupted in the summer of 2003 after a leading British weapons specialist , David Kelly , whom Mr. Campbell and others accused of making misleading statements to a BBC journalist about the government ’s statements on Iraq ’s weapons , was found dead with his wrist slashed on a hill near his Oxfordshire home .
Mr. Campbell ’s testimony was filled with instances of the uncompromising approach that caused even senior cabinet ministers to treat him with care .
He was unrelenting in his backing for Mr. Blair and for the approach he took to removing Mr. Hussein .
“ You seem to be wanting me to say that Tony Blair signed up to say , ‘ Regardless of the facts , regardless of W.M.D. , we are just going to get rid of the guy , ” he said .
“ It was not like that . ”
Wireless power has gone from lab prototype to working product in a little over 18 months , and Haier stuck MIT 's WiTricity into a TV along with WHDI wireless video for complete wirelessness .
Complete .
Wireless .
Ness .
Advertisement
Sure , there 's a big power unit on the wall , radiating ( totally harmless ) RF into the back of the TV , which has a coil inside to receive the juice .
It only delivers full strength if it 's parallel , so you have to plan ahead and somehow setup the TV in front of the wall that has the power module .
Because of all the hocus pocus , the TV itself is a chunkster , and that power transmitter is no slim jim either .
Still , the idea is a good one , and the promise — as both MIT and Intel work their asses off getting wireless power up to snuff — is real .
Advertisement
WHDI is a lot further along in development .
Wireless HDMI is n't exactly household , but the tech is now supported by basically all of the biggest CE companies except Panasonic .
I 'm not going to buy this Haier TV — it might not even be for sale this year — but it 's a concrete sign of what 's to come .
At the heart of Haiti 's humanitarian crisis is an age old question for many religious people - how can God allow such terrible things to happen ?
Philosopher David Bain examines the arguments .
Evil has always been a thorn in the side of those - of whatever faith - who believe in an all - knowing , all - powerful , all - good God .
As the philosopher David Hume ( echoing Epicurus ) put it in 1776 : " Is God willing to prevent evil , but not able ?
Then he is impotent .
Is he able , but not willing ?
Then he is malevolent .
Is he both able and willing ?
Whence then is evil ? "
Faced with this question , Archbishop of York John Sentamu said he had " nothing to say to make sense of this horror " , while another clergyman , Canon Giles Fraser , preferred to respond " not with clever argument but with prayer " .
I have nothing to say that makes sense of this horror - all I know is that the message of the death and resurrection of Jesus is that he is with us
Archbishop of York , John Sentamu Perhaps their stance is understandable .
The Old Testament is also not clear to the layman on such matters .
When Job complains about the injuries God has allowed him to suffer , and claims " they are tricked that trusted " , God says nothing to rebut the charges .
Less reticent is the American evangelist Pat Robertson .
He has suggested Haiti has been cursed ever since the population swore a pact with the Devil to gain their freedom from the French at the beginning of the 19th Century .
Robertson 's claim will strike many as ludicrous , if not offensive .
And even were it true , it would n't obviously meet the challenge .
Why would a loving deity allow such a pact to seem necessary ?
Why would n't he have freed the Haitians from slavery himself , or prevented them from being enslaved in the first place ?
And why , in particular , would he punish today 's Haitians for something their forbears putatively did more than two centuries before ?
So what should believers say ?
To make progress , we might distinguish two kinds of evil : the awful things people do , such as murder , and
the awful things that just happen , such as earthquakes Would those hailed as brave still exist in a Magical World ?
St Augustine , author CS Lewis and others have argued God allows our bad actions since preventing them would undermine our free will , the value of which outweighs its ill effects .
But there 's a counter - argument .
Thoroughly good people are n't robots , so why could n't God have created only people like them , people who quite freely live good lives ?
However that debate turns out , it 's quite unclear how free will is supposed to explain the other kind of evil - the death and suffering of the victims of natural disasters .
Perhaps it would if all the victims - even the newborn - were so bad that they deserved their agonising deaths , but it 's impossible to believe that is the case .
Or perhaps free will would be relevant if human negligence always played a role .
There will be some who say the scale of the tragedy in natural disasters is partly attributable to humans .
The world has the choice to help its poorer parts build earthquake - resistant structures and tsunami warning systems .
A still smoking Krakatoa in 1883 , which caused a devastating tsunami
But the technology has not always existed .
Was prehistoric man , with his sticks and stones , somehow negligent in failing to build early warning systems for the tsunamis that were as deadly back then as they are today ?
The second century saint , Irenaeus , and the 20th Century philosopher , John Hick , appeal instead to what is sometimes called soul - making .
God created a universe in which disasters occur , they think , because goodness only develops in response to people 's suffering .
To appreciate this idea , try to imagine a world containing people , but literally no suffering .
Call it the Magical World .
In that world , there are no earthquakes or tsunamis , or none that cause suffering .
If people are hit by falling masonry , it somehow bounces off harmlessly .
If I steal your money , God replaces it .
If I try to hurt you , I fail .
So why did n't God create the Magical World instead of ours ?
Because , the soul - making view says , its denizens would n't be - could n't be - truly good people .
It 's not that they would all be bad .
It 's that they could n't be properly good .
For goodness develops only where it 's needed , the idea goes , and it's not needed in the Magical World .
In that world , after all , there is no danger that requires people to be brave , so there would be no bravery .
That world contains no one who needs comfort or kindness or sympathy , so none would be given .
It 's a world without moral goodness , which is why God created ours instead .
But there is wiggle room .
Even in a world where nothing bad happens , could n't there be brave people - albeit without the opportunity to show it ?
So moral goodness could exist even if it were never actually needed .
And , anyway , suppose we agree moral goodness could indeed develop only in a world of suffering .
Does n't our world contain a surplus of suffering ?
People do truly awful things to each other .
Is n't the suffering they create enough for soul - making ?
Did God really need to throw in earthquakes and tsunamis as well ?
Suffering 's distribution , not just its amount , can also cause problems .
A central point of philosopher Immanuel Kant 's was that we must n't exploit people - we must n't use them as mere means to our ends .
But it can seem that on the soul - making view God does precisely this .
He inflicts horrible deaths on innocent earthquake victims so that the rest of us can be morally benefitted .
That hardly seems fair .
It 's OK , some will insist , because God works in mysterious ways .
But might n't someone defend a belief in fairies by telling us they do too ?
Others say their talk of God is supposed to acknowledge not the existence of some all - powerful and all - good agent , who created and intervenes in the universe , but rather something more difficult to articulate - a thread of meaning or value running through the world , or perhaps something ineffable .
But , as for those who believe in an all - good , all - powerful agent - God , we 've seen that they face a question that remains pressing after all these centuries , and which is now horribly underscored by the horrors in Haiti .
If a deity exists , why did n't he prevent this ?
David Bain is a lecturer in the philosophy department of the University of Glasgow .
Below is a selection of your comments .
As an Anglican , I always had presumed that God is too big , if you like , too omnipotent to even vaguely notice humanity , after all we are dust : " from dust you are made and to dust you shall return " .
Though the thought of that kind of horror being suffered by many innocents - and an apparent loving God is contradicting .
However at least I find comfort , and probably most Christians , in the world to come where everything would be good , If you like God repaying his debts for letting us suffer .
Dan , Hampshire
The reason why good does not reduce suffering and evil in the world is simply because he does not exist !
Or if he does he does not care about humans at least on a individual basis , I am not sure he cares about them on a species basis .
Why does he not look after all the animal species that are facing extinction ?
Evolution explains must of human behaviour and geology and physics explains most natural disasters .
If God intervened , there would be evidence .
He would have to thwart the laws of physics or / warn people .
John O'Toole , Sligo Ireland
God made man as his greatest creation .
In order for humans to be all they can be we must live in a world like this one .
Moral courage can't just be a potentiality , it must be an actuality in all it 's complexity for it to mean anything .
Also , in order for the world to be able to create and sustain the complexity of life that it has , the crust of the earth must move , must regenerate itself .
Thus , earthquakes , tsunamis .
All religious people can do in the face of a catastrophe is to do what we can to alleviate the suffering and possibly create a world where these sorts of things have much less impact .
Is n't the real tragedy of Haiti the poverty that has blighted the island , that lead to substandard buildings and poor infrastructure ?
This is as much a man -made disaster as divine .
Matthew Thomas , Cattleford
This is a transient life , the real life will come later .
We as humans have got a warped sense about what this life means to us , we ignore the reality of the next world .
So if your time is up and you die hopefully you were on the path of doing good .
There is a story of Khizer & Moses , when the former kills a child and Moses is aghast .
Khizer tells him that the child would have grown up and killed his parents for greed .
So if Khizer knows that how can we question God when children pass away .
As the article also points out , it 's a test for the rest of us to see how we respond to the suffering of others .
Maybe we can learn to look after the old folks in the neighbourhood when we are moved to help people as far away as Haiti ?
Kaz , Ellicott City , USA
Debating the intentions of a mythological character which allegedly has an interest in allowing ' bad ' things to happen on planet earth ?
Are we living in the 21st century or the 12th century ?
Natural disasters , disease , accidents and co-incidences are all things that occur naturally and not as the result of the will of any fantastical all powerful Monster .
Maybe a comet will hit the earth one day and maybe all that will be left will be a copy of Dr. Dolittle .
Just because somebody wrote it down does not make it true .
Andrew Connor , Uxbridge Perhaps you should include non god - based religions to get out of this dilemma .
Try Buddhism for example .
Isabelle Clinton , Forest Row , United Kingdom
God has put us in a ' crucible ' and he is very interested in how we cope by us invoking the law of love .
No one is immune from tragedy , not least his own son Jesus .
So , its more about loving our neighbours rather than puzzling why .
We live in a dangerous world let no one doubt it .
Some disasters are natural but many others are of our own making but throughout we must live the law of love .
Alan Smith , Preston , Lancashire The Japanese ( 90 % Buddhist ) have a saying that pain is our best friend .
Because for the most part we learn and grow the most from painful experiences .
If we are not born new , but simply coming around for another shot at growth ( reincarnation ) , then the notion of a child being pure is put aside .
If pain is our friend , then the notion of pain as cruel is put aside .
If death is not the end , then the notion of unfair or untimely death being the worst thing imaginable is put aside .
John Roberts , Tulsa , Oklahoma USA
A thoughtful article on an enduring problem .
God is perfectly good and perfectly powerful .
Haiti was fully within his control .
Why did it happen ?
Because men's deeds are evil .
The Haitians ' ?
Not particularly - see Jesus on the Tower of Siloam - " repent , or you too will perish " .
Because there are murderers and rapists in the world ?
Not just them - there is no one good , not even one , all have turned away and fallen short of the glory of God .
Jon Hall , Jacksonville , Florida , USA
This is a very interesting article .
It is a classic philosophy question that can never be convincingly answered .
This article lists some interesting points .
In one part , there is the argument that why can't god just create good people with free will ?
If god just created good people with free will , it logically follows that all their actions will always be good since they are good people .
Does n't this defeat the whole purpose of free will where you can choose your actions as opposed to being restricted only to good actions ?
It almost feels like an oxymoron to say that we should only have good people with free will .
Secondly , in vedic philosophy there is a belief in the continuum of the soul .
Many scientific studies and real world experiences show that this could be true .
To believe or not is a question for another day .
However , if we allow for this continuum then we can easily explain natural disasters ( where even innocent babies die ) by attributing the punishment to their past lives ' actions , also known as Sanchita Karma in Sanskrit .
The other answer to the question posed could just be that god's ways are so intricate and complex that to comprehend the greater good out of seemingly painful punishments are just beyond human comprehension .
This is one of those questions that we could argue about all day and yet arrive at no answer .
KRL , Old Bridge , New Jersey
Having lost a sister to a brain tumour aged 49 , and a close friend to cancer at the age of 30 , and being a C of E priest , you might imagine this kind of matter has been a part of my own , and many others ' formation .
Archbishop Sentamu is right on one level ; for the sake of those caught up in this tragedy we need to pray and act now , and think later .
But for many of us there has already been much thought .
John Polkinghorne and others successfully argue that free will is not just about humanity , it is also about the freedom of the universe to be what it is .
It has to ' work ' to make sense .
In order for life to exist on this planet there simply has to be tectonic activity .
Without the ' recycling ' processes involved there would be insufficient carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and earth would become a lifeless snowball .
It has to be a dynamic system and given the freedom to be what it is .
Likewise , without mutation there could be no progressive evolution .
Most mutations are dead - ends , some are useful and retained if they provide breeding advantage , and some are deadly .
But you cannot have one without another , at least not if you want life .
Could God have done it differently ?
Probably .
But then if his hand was that obvious , would we have the freedom to choose whether to seek him out ?
Probably not .
But back to Archbishop Sentamu 's sentiments ; the importance of what needs to be done now far outweighs the philosophy of why it happened .
Paul , Birmingham
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Biosphere 2 is a 3.15 - acre ( 12,700 m2 ) structure originally built to be a man-made , materially - closed ecological system in Oracle , Arizona by Space Biosphere Ventures , a joint venture whose principal officers were John P. Allen , inventor and Executive Director , and Margret Augustine , CEO .
Constructed between 1987 and 1991 , it was used to explore the complex web of interactions within life systems in a structure that included five areas based on natural biomes and an agricultural area and human living / working space to study the interactions between humans , farming and technology with the rest of nature .
It also explored the possible use of closed biospheres in space colonization , and allowed the study and manipulation of a biosphere without harming Earth’s .
The name comes from Earth ’s biosphere , Biosphere 1 , Earth ’s life system and the only biosphere currently known .
Funding for the project came primarily from the joint venture ’s financial partner , Ed Bass ’ Decisions Investment , and cost $ 200 million from 1985 to 2007 , including land , support research greenhouses , test module and staff facilities .
At a size comparable to two and a half football fields , it remains the largest closed system ever created .
The sealed nature of the structure allowed scientists to monitor the ever - changing chemistry of the air , water and soil contained within .
Health of the human crew was monitored by a medical doctor inside and an outside medical team .
Biosphere 2 contained representative biomes : a 1,900 square meter rainforest , an 850 square meter ocean with a coral reef , a 450 square meter mangrove wetlands , a 1,300 square meter savannah grassland , a 1,400 square meter fog desert , a 2,500 square meter agricultural system , a human habitat , and a below - ground level technical infrastructure .
Heating and cooling water circulated through independent piping systems and passive solar input through the glass space frame panels covering most of the facility , and electrical power was supplied into Biosphere 2 from an onsite natural gas energy center through airtight penetrations .
Biosphere 2 had two closure experiments , Missions 1 and 2 .
The first , with a crew of eight people , ran for two years 1991 - 93 .
Following a six month transition period during which researchers entered the facility through airlock doors and conducted research and system engineering improvements , a second closure with a crew of seven people was conducted March 1994 - September 1994 .
In the course of that second mission , a dispute over management of the financial aspects of the project caused the on - site management to be locked out , and the mission itself to be ended prematurely .
In 1995 , Columbia University took over management of the facility for research and as a campus until 2003 .
In 1996 , they changed the virtually airtight , materially - closed structure designed for closed system research , to a “ flow - through ” system , and halted closed system research .
They manipulated carbon dioxide levels for global warming research , and injected desired amounts of carbon dioxide , venting as needed .
By 2006 , the property , which is in exurban Tucson , was slated to be redeveloped for a planned community .
As of June 5 , 2007 , the property including surrounding land , totaling 1,650 acres ( 6.7 km2 ) , had been sold to a residential home developer for US $ 50 million .
A development including homes and a resort hotel was planned for a portion of the land .
The Biosphere itself remains open for tours
On June 26 , 2007 , the University of Arizona announced it would take over research at the Biosphere 2 .
The announcement ended immediate fears that the famous glass vivarium would be demolished .
University officials said private gifts and grants enabled them to cover research and operating costs for three years with the possibility of extending that funding for 10 years .
Check more Daily News
Ericsson Labs is showing off an API for navigating through a three - dimensional interpretation of the world based on real imagery powered by Saab spinoff ( the defense firm , not the car company ) C3 Technologies on Sony Ericsson 's upcoming X10 -- and in a word , it 's looking impressive .
The buttons for controlling the action are a bit hokey , of course , but do n't worry too much about that -- this is strictly a proof of concept , and the important thing is that no matter how much panning , tilting , and swooping through the cityscape the demo - giver does , video output stays above 30 frames per second .
Thank goodness for Snapdragon , eh ?
There 's no indication that we 'll see a shipping version of this app on retail X10s out of the box , but let 's hope something awesome comes of this .
Follow the break for video .
Rooted Nexus
One owners have a reason to rejoice : eminent Android hacker Cyanogen has cooked up a treat .
Currently an experimental beta release , CyanogenMod 5.0 packs several enhancements that veteran root users already know and love .
Notable features include built - in USB tethering and Spare Parts with a compressed caching option , as well as a semi- transparent notification slider and reboot as an option from the power button .
No doubt , other tweaks lie under the hood .
As has become standard with CM releases , the Google apps are applied separately to avoid any legal kerfuffles .
Users should be able to expect a stable release in the very near future , but for now it ’s safe to say that this is a promising addition to the N1 , and the future combination of Android and Cyanogen is looking bright .
[ cyanogenmod.com ]
It was a hot day and we had walked to the shop .
I had promised we would buy a box of icypoles .
In a moment of maternal correctness , I offered a choice – “ paddlepops or coloured icypoles ? ” , I asked .
He said “ I wanna look . ”
So I lifted him up to look into the freezer .
“ I want the big box . ”
“ No , those or these . ”
“ The big ones . ”
“ Sorry , not the big ones . ”
Then , he started to yell .
“ THE BIG ONES . ”
I held him tightly and said , “ choose these or those , or no icypoles . ”
No luck .
As I put him down on the floor again , he lost it .
A big bloke bowled passed us , glanced at my noisy red-faced tot and advised loudly , “ why dont you just smack his arse ? ”
Equally loudly , I huffed , “ why dont you go back to your cave ? ”
I then scooped up the baby , and made a hasty retreat .
We took time out together with a hug and a chat about the puppy tied to the pole outside , then we went into the fruit - shop next door and bought a big slice of watermelon .
The realisation that even “ big kids ” can have tantrums helps to put toddler tantrums into perspective .
Tantrum Triggers
In fact , the same triggers can set off both toddlers and adults : frustration ( I too was looking forward to an icypole , now I had to miss out ) ; a lack of control over our environment ( I didnt get to do my shopping efficiently as I had planned ) ; and anger ( not to mention a little embarrassment ) at irrelevant interference by an ignorant stranger .
Of course , adults have had much more practice at coping with frustration and delaying gratification than toddlers .
We also generally have greater control over our environment and our verbal skills are certainly better developed .
Perhaps thats why I only lost my temper with a few angry words and did not kick or spit at the big bloke .
Pediatrician William Sears , explains , “ two basic feelings prompt most temper tantrums .
A child has an intense curiosity and a desire to perform an act , but very often the desire is greater than the capability .
This leads to intense frustration .
Second , newly found power and the desire for “ bigness ” propel him toward a certain act , when suddenly someone he loves , descends upon him with a “ No . ” Acceptance of an outside force , contrary to his own will is a conflict he cannot handle without a fight .
He wants to be big , but reality tells him how small he is .
Dr Sears says , “ because ( the toddler ) is angry but doesnt yet have the language to express his anger , he does so in actions and because he cant handle emotions with reason , he chooses to cope with inner emotions by a display of outward emotions – a tantrum !!
When to say no
Although tantrums are a normal fact of toddler life , they can be minimised by setting sensible limits – for yourself as well as your child .
* Say “ No ” to frustration beyond your toddlers tolerance limits :
Challenges are necessary for children to develop , but try to step in before a challenge becomes a frustration by offering help .
Guide gently , but dont take over .
For instance , gently turn the puzzle piece so he can put it in by himself .
When you sense your tot is reaching the brink , create a diversion towards a calming , soothing activity – a different place , a toy , a hug , a story , a song or perhaps a snack .
* Say “ No ” to overwhelming situations :
Look for common tantrum triggers .
Do they seem to happen mostly when your tot is tired , hungry or rushed ?
Are there situations he finds difficult to handle such as playgroup or shopping ?
Keeping a tantrum diary might help you understand triggers .
Try to think ahead and limit overwhelming situations .
For instance , plan short shopping trips when he isnt tired , take nutritious snacks whenever you go out and dont wait for difficult behaviour before you offer food .
* Say “ No ” to junk food .
Some foods can adversely affect childrens behaviour .
Sweets can trigger blood sugar variations , caffeine in coke drinks can hype kids up for hours – so they are literally unable to sit still , let alone fall asleep .
Additives or chemicals , even in foods that are normally considered healthy can affect some sensitive tots .
Again a tantrum diary might shed light on tantrum triggers .
* Say “ No ” to misunderstandings :
Try to tune in and listen carefully to what your little one is trying to tell you .
Encourage toddlers to express frustration or anger verbally .
If their language skills are limited , help out .
Say “ you look angry that your block tower crashed . ”
Or , “ I get angry too , when I cant have what I want . ”
* Say “ No ” to too many rules :
Dont sweat the small things .
Rules like seatbelts and holding hands near roads are not negotiable , but a balance between health and safety and a happy day can benefit family relationships ( and sanity ) , so childproof your home and keep rules for really important things .
* Say “ No ” to too many choices :
Opportunities to make decisions helps a toddler feel in control but too many choices can confuse and overwhelm him .
Instead of open - ended choices – “ what do you want to wear ? ” ask “ would you like to wear your blue shirt or the red one ? ”
* Say “ No ” and mean it :
Its far better to say “ yes ” initially than to change your mind after your child has exploded .
( Remember “ maybe ” means yes to a child ) .
Rewarding genuinely uncontrollable tantrums can encourage tots to use ( semi ) deliberate tantrums to get what they want .
* Say “ No ” to embarrassment :
It can be difficult to consider your childs feelings when he performs a tantrum in public but whatever you do , dont yell back , dont smack and dont resort to giving in because you feel embarrassed .
And please , dont walk away from an out of control tot in places like shopping centres .
It is scary enough to be out of control without also feeling abandoned .
The best thing you can do here is scoop up your child and leave .
* Say “ Yes ” to comfort :
Because you know your child best , youll know whether hes better letting off steam by himself ( with you nearby ) or whether he needs to be held quietly .
If you find walking away works for your child , return when he settles , hug him and say “ Im still here and I love you . ”
Giving reassurance is not giving in .
Just as adults need comfort when they feel upset or overwhelmed , toddlers need to know they are loved , even when their behaviour isnt lovable .
To the frustration of many travelers , the nation ’s 10 largest airlines have collected about $ 740 million in baggage fees in the third quarter of this year -- a 111 % increase over the same period in 2008 .
With those kind of numbers from the U.S. Bureau of Transportation Statistics , it ’s hard to tell who is profiting most from the baggage fees -- the airlines that charge to check bags or Southwest Airlines , the lone large carrier that still does n’t make passengers pay to check their first two bags .
In the third quarter , Delta Air Lines , the world ’s largest airline , collected the largest amount in baggage fees -- $ 130 million , a 172 % increase over the same period in 2008 .
But Southwest Airlines does n’t seem to be hurt by the decision to forgo the fees .
Advertisement
Speaking this week in New York to the Wings Club , a group of aviation professionals , Chairman Gary Kelly sounded nearly giddy about Southwest ’s success in 2009 .
He said he was “ overjoyed ” that Southwest now serves more passengers than any other U.S. airline .
Although the airline cut capacity by 5 % in 2009 , it added service to four airports -- New York ’s LaGuardia , Boston , Minneapolis - St. Paul and Milwaukee .
At the same time , Kelly said , the airline has increased its market share by 1 percentage point and has even offered all employees raises during one of the worst financial slumps in airline history .
“ It ’s just been a very , very gratifying year , ” he said .
Kelly said the “ bags fly free ” strategy was a key reason the airline gained market share this year .
Advertisement
Julius Maldutis , an economist and consultant to the airline industry , called Southwest ’s no - bag - fee strategy “ absolutely brilliant . ”
“ That is their key marketing strategy , and they are winning big , ” he added .
Henry Harteveldt , a travel industry analyst with Forrester Research Inc. , agreed , saying the strategy has helped Southwest gain market share .
But he said the fees charged by the other airlines had resulted in huge revenues that the carriers would n’t have otherwise collected .
In the war of bag - fee strategies , Harteveldt said , “ it ’s a draw . ”
But the question on the mind of most Southwest passengers may be :
How long can the airline resist the temptation to charge for the first two checked bags ?
Advertisement
Maldutis believes that Southwest will resist adding the bag fee but says it probably will add other fees instead .
“ People absolutely resent that they get charged for baggage , ” he said .
“ I do n’t see them abandoning it . ”
Harteveldt said Southwest would continue to resist the fees because it had spent months ridiculing competitors that charge the fee .
To change the policy now , he said , would be a “ tough marketing challenge . ”
Fuel costs represent nearly 25 % of an airline ’s operating expenses , so if the price begins to soar next year , Harteveldt said customers might forgive Southwest for adding the fee .
Advertisement
For now , Southwest spokeswoman Olga Romero said the airline had no plans to change its fee policy .
“ We never say never , but then again it is working for us , ” she said .
Nutrition lacking in airline food
Another big source of revenue for airlines is in - flight meals .
But what kind of nutrition do passengers get for their food dollar ?
Charles Stuart Platkins , a nutrition expert , offers an annual ranking and analysis of many food options offered to airline passengers , including calories and nutritional value .
He hosts the cable television network We TV series “ I Want to Save Your Life . ”
Advertisement
Continental Airlines won top honors in his ranking this year for offering a variety of options and low - calorie snacks and meals .
Platkins , founder of dietdetective.com , likes the “ petite cold sandwiches , ” light on the mayo .
American Airlines came in second with Platkins , who likes the “ cheese and cracker snack tray . ”
Platkins suggests that weight watchers skip the crackers , however .
United Airlines finished third .
It was criticized by Platkins for its selection of calorie - laden snacks , including a bag of potato chips ( 900 calories ) , a chocolate bar ( 510 calories ) and shortbread cookies ( 540 calories ) .
To burn off the calories from a bag of airline potato chips , Platkins estimated that an average person would need to walk for nearly four hours .
Advertisement
“ As far as the individual snacks are concerned , wow , those are some pretty high - calorie items , ” he said .
At the bottom of the seven carriers ranked was Southwest Airlines .
Platkins says the carrier does n’t offer much variety and few healthy options .
“ Go for the nuts and skip the pretzels and other items , ” he advises .
hugo.martin@latimes.com
Guest post by Richard Keen , Ph.D .
To paraphrase Led Zeppelin , “ It ’s been cooling , I ai n’t fooing … ”
December was a chilly month across much of the U.S. , and at my site ( the NWS co-op station for Coal Creek Canyon , Colorado , NW of Denver at an elevation 8950 feet , or 720 millibars , December was the coldest December ( and the coldest month of any name ) in 27 years of record .
The average of 16.5 was 0.8 degrees colder than December 1983 .
Over the entire record , nine months averaged colder than 20 F ; of these , five occurred during 1983 - 1990 , none during 1991 - 2005 , and four during 2007 - 2009 .
It appears that he warm spell of the 1990 ’s and early 2000 ’s has ended .
Here ’s a chart of the past decade of annual temperatures
updating my post from a year ago .
The recent cooling trend continues , with 2009 coming in at 38.9 F , colder than 2008 and a full 3 degrees F colder than 2003 .
The “ Tipping Point ” in 2003 - 2004 is clear on the updated graph .
The longer record at my location
( Click to see animation )
shows the Tipping Point more dramatically through the miracle of animation .
The added trend line is from a special “ best fit Hockey Stick ” code I found in some downloaded e-mails last month , although I had to alter the code to change the angle of the blade .
After last January ’s post , someone commented on “ Watts Up With That ? ” that ( s ) he “ did n’t really think [ Anthony Watts ] could n’t scrape up any less significant data ” .
I was heartbroken with the thought that my 10,059 daily max and min temperatures could be the least significant atmospheric observations ever made .
So allow me to put the record from my particular station in perspective .
The site is about 60 miles from the geographic center of Colorado , and a couple of thousand feet higher than the average elevation of the state .
The aerial photo of the site ( marked by the red asterisk ) looks to the northwest .
Following is a table of correlation between Coal Creek Canyon annual means and measurements of annual temperatures for the entire state of Colorado .
Correlation R between Coal Creek Canyon and :
0.92 NCDC Statewide Divisional average
0.89 GHCN and Hadley gridded temperatures ( the two were so similar they were averaged together )
0.91 NCAR -NCEP
Reanalysis gridded temperatures
0.95 Average of all three
These correlations are much better than those of any Bristlecones with that other Hockey Stick .
Although there ’s bristlecones a short hike from my house
I leave them alone .
With a correlation R = 0.95 .
the Coal Creek station is pretty representative of the entire state of Colorado .
Colorado , in turn , is in the Rocky Mountain and intermountain West , a region projected by the IPCC to have the greatest warming in the “ lower 48 ” states – about 4C , or 7 F , over this century .
According to the IPCC models , greenhouse gas warming should be greatest over continental interiors and in the middle troposphere , so Coal Creek Canyon is an ideal “ global warming ” monitoring site .
How , then , is the projected 0.7 F per decade warming coming along ?
Since 1985 , the overall trend has been +0.3 F per decade , about half of the IPCC projection .
Since 2000 , the trend has been - 3 F per decade – four times greater than the IPCC projection , and in the opposite direction !
This is an example of how one station ’s data can be significant for assessing climate change , but only if the station is carefully installed and maintained , is in a location relatively free of non-climatic influences , has records that are diligently kept , and , above all , does not have its records mysteriously altered .
It would be instructive to see records from other observers who have quality records of long duration .
Richard Keen , Ph.D .
Coal Creek Canyon , Colorado
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Welcome to part two of this feature looking at what happened to some of the fighters who did n’t find fame and fortune in the UFC after appearing in The Ultimate Fighter reality show .
In this part we will look at Seasons three and four of the show .
If you missed the first part of the article then you can feel free to check it out here .
Season 3 :
—
—
Fighters Still Contracted To The UFC : 5
Michael Bisping , Matt Hamill , Kendall Grove , Jesse Forbes , Ed Herman
—
Questions have been swirling around which media outlets would be given access to the upcoming teabaggers convention , and today organizers have finally announced who will have access to all those nuts ( drum roll ) :
Fox News
Breitbart.com
Townhall.com
The Wall Street Journal
World Net Daily
It not clear who will be representing fair and who 's covering balanced .
Designers Matt Robinson and Tom Wrigglesworth looked at ink usage of some commonly - used typefaces , by hand - drawing them with ballpoint pens .
Scribble , scribble , scribble , and they got this simple bar chart with ink usage measured by , well , ink :
Impact font is such an ink hog .
Such a drama queen .
See all the shots here .
[ Thanks , @bambock ]
This post is tangentially related to CHP .
Version control is a key tool when programming .
Recently , much work has gone into distributed version control systems ( DVCS ) that dispense with the requirement to have a single central repository , and allow a distributed , loosely - connected network of repositories .
There are many DVCS systems out there , but I use darcs ( which happens to be written in Haskell ) whenever I can .
All my Haskell code lives in darcs repositories , and this post is intended to detail a little of how I use it .
Darcs and CHP
Here is the structure of my darcs repositories for CHP across my three development machines ( no prizes for guessing my machine naming scheme ) for the past few weeks :
Each box is a repository , with the thin arrow - less lines indicating the directory structure .
The empty - headed arrows indicate the ways in which patches are pushed and pulled ( they are pushed in the direction of the arrow , and pulled in the opposite direction ) .
The directions of the horizontal arrows are far from arbitrary ; while both my laptop and university machine can SSH into my home machine ( middle ) , neither of the outer two can be contacted via SSH .
Hence they also cannot push and pull directly between each other .
I have about ten repositories in that diagram , which is probably typical for CHP .
I tend not to do much work in the top three ( the main repositories on each machine , akin to trunks ) , they are mainly pass - through repositories as I shift patches around .
All the work is done in the lower repositories ( branches , if you like ) , which may exist on several of the machines ( e.g. the split repository for the recent 2.0 split ) and have patches passed between them regularly , or may exist only on one machine .
I am usually logged in to two of the machines at once , so that I can push my patches across and test them on several different GHC versions ( until last week , all three machines had distinct versions of GHC : 6.8 , 6.10 , 6.12 ) .
For my other major Haskell project , Tock ( which I will also make a post about soon ) , I could make a similar diagram , but extended on to it are the repositories of the maintainer , Adam .
He accepts my emailed patches into one repository to examine them , then he pushes to his main repository , and then later on pushes the patches to the webserver .
So my working copy can be about seven repositories away from the publicly visible “ trunk ” , but it ’s absolutely painless for both of us .
There is a limit on how many branches is sensible of course , but darcs makes branching so easy that the branch of a branch is no trouble , even when that might make you uneasy in older version control systems .
I should probably make the CHP repository available on a webserver somewhere — please say if that ’s something you ’d be interested in .
But such a public repository is unlikely to be much more up to date than the latest release .
This is a combination of keeping my work in branches , and of my fairly regular release policy .
You can see from the above diagram that I do n’t necessarily release from the top middle repository ( which is the closest I have to a “ trunk ” ) , although generally all the changes do eventually reach that repository .
Branch and Merge : Hunky
Darcs has easy branching and merging ( especially compared to VCS systems like Subversion ) .
One use I often make of branching is to get a clean copy of the repository .
darcs get .
foo will create a clean copy in the foo directory — i.e. a copy without any unrecorded changes .
This is useful , for example , when you discover a bug and want to know if it was there before you made your current changes .
Darcs record has a particularly useful hunk - oriented interface .
It interactively shows you all the changes you ’ve made , and you can pick which ones you want to form a part of the current commit .
This nicely reflects the fact that just because you made two changes to the same file , it does n’t mean they have to end up in the same commit : for example , they may be fixing different bugs , but you happened to notice the presence of one while fixing another .
So you can fix them both , then record them separately .
This page shows an example .
And I gather that hunk - splitting ( which would make them even better ) is coming in the next major release .
Other uses for Darcs
It ’s not just Haskell code — in fact , even my home directory is a darcs repository ( with my settings files recorded in it ) :
neil@beast ~ : darcs show files .
./. nanorc ./.hscolour ./.bash_everywhere ./.emacs ./.ssh ./.ssh/config
That way , when I get access to a new machine , I just darcs get from my home machine and I have the settings for my favourite editors and for bash ( once I source that bash file in my . bashrc on the local machine ) .
It ’s an amazingly useful idea ( thanks to Adam Sampson ) , and it means that if I modify any settings on any machine , I can record a patch and push it to my main home machine , then pull it onto all the other machines at a later date .
So all my editor macros and so on can be easily kept up to date on all my machines , and I can rollback any change I make later on , if needed .
Summary and Donations
I imagine many Haskell programmers are already using darcs , and are aware of its usefulness .
The Darcs team are currently running a bit of a fund - raising drive .
If you use darcs as much as I do , perhaps you can consider donating a little by way of thanks .
If you ’re not a darcs and / or DVCS user , hopefully this post shows why it ’s useful .
According to Akamai's Q3 State of the Internet report , the United States ' Internet speed did not qualify for a place in the top 10 list of countries with the fastest Internet in the world , and its average overall speed has actually decreased by 2.4 % year - over - year from 2008 to 2009 .
The United States actually ranked 18 out of the 203 nations tested in terms of average connection speeds , falling behind speed leaders like South Korea , Japan and Hong Kong .
When looked at from a global perspective , the results are quite positive .
The report states :
" The global average connection speed is once again increasing , after an unusual drop in the second quarter .
The average connection speed of 1.7 Mbps returns it to a level consistent with the first quarter of 2009 .
South Korea maintained its position as the country with the highest average connection speed , and was joined by Ireland as one of two countries in the top 10 posting quarterly gains of greater than 25 % ( on top of minor quarterly gains also seen in the second quarter ) .
Romania , Sweden , and the Czech Republic all saw quarterly declines in their average connection speeds , though they all maintained positive yearly growth .
While the United States saw a small quarterly gain in average connection speeds , increasing to 3.9 Mbps , from a year - over - year perspective , the trend is negative , though just slightly so . "
If you live in Delaware , Massachusetts , the District of Columbia or Utah you can be quite pleased with your region 's Q3 performance as they each increased upwards of 15 % in average connection speed from Q2 measurements .
In case you 're unfamiliar with Akamai , the company serves as a distributed computing platform for companies worldwide .
Its quarterly State of the Internet report analyzes data gathered from its global server network and covers security , Internet penetration , mobile Internet , average connection speeds and broadband connectivity .
[ via Gizmodo ]
Texas Fraternity Brother Branded , Family Furious Over Ritual Branding has long history in some U.S. fraternities .
Jan. 29 , 2010  --
Most college students returned for the spring semester rested and relaxed .
Amon Carter IV headed back to class with the mark of his fraternity burned into his backside .
The family of Texas Christian University student , who returned from a winter break ski trip with second and third - degree burns from being branded by his fraternity brothers , have already hired a lawyer to pressure school officials and police to punish all involved .
Carter , who goes by Chance , will require surgery to repair the damage done to his buttocks with a hot coat hanger after he passed out during a night of drinking .
" Kids get drunk and do really stupid things , " Carter 's cousin Sheila Johnson told ABCNews.com .
" This crossed the line . "
Forth Worth lawyer Kathryn Craven told ABCNews.com she was hired by Chance Carter 's father , Amon Carter III , after his son came home and showed his father the wounds .
" He wants the people who did this to be held accountable under every possible entity because this was a torturous act , " she said .
The branding allegedly took place on Jan. 9 , when members of the Kappa Sigma fraternity and the Tri Delta sorority were on vacation in Breckenridge , Colo .
Johnson , who is close to the TCU sophomore , told ABCNews.com that Chance Carter had drunkenly consented to letting his fraternity brothers finish branding his rear with the Kappa Sigma symbols , a mark he had started during spring break , unbeknownst to his family .
But his fraternity brothers took it upon themselves to continue the branding -- this time large triangles to represent the Tri Delta Sorority -- on his other buttock while he was passed out .
Johnson said the Tri Delta mark was mingled with numerous other brands , most of which are unrecognizable , since they overlap .
" They are large , " she said .
" I woke up the next morning and I was in a lot of pain , " Carter told the Fort Worth Star - Telegram .
" My whole other butt cheek was destroyed . "
The father of one of the students named by Craven as a possible brander told ABCNews.com that " the way I understand it , [ Carter ] consented to it . "
Johnson said Chance Carter also had defense burns on his hands .
The family is unsure if any other students were branded that night .
The other fraternity brothers are not speaking to him .
" He 's trying to get his life back and unfortunately , that 's going to take some time , " Johnson said .
Branding has been a rite of passage in black fraternities for decades , but is still a fairly uncommon ritual among white fraternity members .
Lawrence Ross Jr. , author of " The Divine Nine : The History of African American Fraternities and Sororities , " told ABCNews.com that he 's starting to hear more and more cases of branding among white fraternities , which he attributed to Internet videos and pictures glorifying the ritual .
" I tend to look at it as a personal choice , " Ross said , adding that he chose a tattoo , not a brand , during his frat days with Alpha Phi Alpha .
Branding Has Long History in Black Fraternities
A spokeswoman for Texas Christian University issued a statement that school officials were investigating the family 's claims .
" TCU began an investigation after the family informed us of this incident .
University policy prohibits harming another student , which would obviously include branding , " the statement read .
" It 's too early to tell if this incident was related to a student - sponsored activity , but the health and safety of our students is of utmost importance to TCU . "
Craven said the Carters , who brought Chance Carter to the emergency room for treatment as soon as he returned home , have already consulted with a plastic surgeon who estimated it would take at least six procedures to repair .
Craven said the possibility of a lawsuit is " nothing I can say at this point . "
" As far as I 'm concerned , " Johnson said , " his backside is a crime scene . "
The Carters are one of the most prominent families in Forth Worth .
Amon G. Carter was the president and publisher of the Forth Worth Star - Telegram newspaper in the 1920s and was credited with bringing several major businesses to the area , including a General Motors assembly plant and the company now known as Lockheed - Martin .
Johnson said her cousin is a " good looking kid " and a good student with a 3.7 GPA .
" These were people that were supposed to be his friends , " she said .
" It 's wrong . "
Though most Greek councils frown on branding -- some even denounce it as violent hazing -- Ross said it has largely been seen as a voluntary way to proudly show ones ' allegiance .
Omega Psi
Phi is the fraternity most associated with branding even though the national council has come out against it .
NBA superstars Shaquille O'Neal and Michael Jordan both were branded as Omegas , he said .
Brands are most commonly found , he said , on the biceps , the pectoral areas or calves -- anywhere they can be shown off .
While many use a simple hot coat hanger as in Chance Carter 's case , many fraternities go all out with a professional branding iron .
As for Carter , Ross questioned whether the marks on the TCU student 's backside fell in line with the tradition of brotherhood and pride .
" I think this kid has a case of assault rather than hazing , " he said .
Breckenridge Police Department spokeswoman Kim Green told ABCNews.com that police there have tried to contact the Carter family about the incident , but have not heard back from them .
" We are not conducting an investigation until we get more facts , " she said .
Though violating anyone while they are asleep or unconscious constitutes an assault , Green said officials heard Chance Carter consented to at least some branding before he passed out , which could be a factor in deciding whether anyone should be charged .
Fraternity Branding : Assault or Rite of Passage ?
Pete Smithhisler , president and CEO of the Indiana - based North - American Interfraternity Conference , told ABCNews.com in an e-mail that he considers branding to be " one of the most egregious forms of hazing . "
" The NIC in no way , shape , or form condones any type of hazing , and this applies to branding in the strongest possible terms , " he wrote .
" These behaviors contradict centuries of tradition , heritage and customs that represent what is best about American higher education . "
Yet the Internet abounds with pictures of proud fraternity brothers showing off their brands , usually on their legs , upper arms or back .
A YouTube video posted in December of a young man getting the Sigma symbol burned into his upper arm shows him sitting in a kitchen , grimacing as the hot metal is pushed into his arm .
After a few moments , the pain evident on his face , he turns and grins for someone taking a picture of his new brand .
Ross said there has been criticism of branding from within the black community , even dividing some fraternity members .
" For African - Americans , there 's a legacy of branding that goes back to slavery , " he said , when masters used to brand their slaves like cattle to mark them as property .
But the difference now , Ross said , is that it 's voluntary .
He even reported seeing a rise in branding in sororities .
Former undisputed middleweight champion Jermain Taylor , who has lost four of his last five fights , including three by crushing knockout , withdrew Tuesday from Showtime 's Super Six World Boxing Classic .
Taylor was due to face super middleweight titleholder Andre Ward in the second stage of the modified round - robin tournament on April 17 .
" I 'm going to take some time off from the sport of boxing and take myself out of [ the ] Showtime Sports World Boxing Classic tournament , " Taylor said in a statement .
" It 's important that I give my body and mind some much - needed rest , because I have been boxing for nearly 20 years .
I plan on keeping myself in shape and making a return to the sport sometime in the future . "
The 31 - year - old Taylor fought twice in 2009 , but was brutally knocked out in the final seconds of each bout .
In April , Taylor challenged Carl Froch for a super middleweight title and was stopped with 14 seconds left ; at the time he was leading on the scorecards .
Then , in the opening round of the Super Six tournament in Germany on Oct. 17 , former middleweight titlist Arthur Abraham knocked Taylor out cold with six seconds left and left him hospitalized with a severe concussion and short - term memory loss .
Since then , there has been heavy speculation about Taylor 's future in the six - man tournament , especially after Lou DiBella , the fighter 's career - long promoter , resigned over concerns for his health -- even though DiBella stood to earn hundreds of thousands of dollars had he continued to work with Taylor through two more guaranteed tournament bouts .
DiBella was pleased that Taylor took his advice and withdrew from the tournament .
" I know it must have been a difficult decision for Jermain and I 'm very happy for him and his family that he decided to give himself a much - needed break , " DiBella told ESPN.com .
Behind the scenes Taylor 's manager , Al Haymon , had been working with Showtime on a buyout of Taylor 's remaining tournament fights .
It is unclear what sort of deal they reached , if any , before Taylor 's announcement .
" This was not an easy decision for me , having discussed it with my family , trainer [ Ozell Nelson ] , friends and my adviser , Al Haymon , because I 'm a very competitive person .
But I know this is the smart road for me to take , " Taylor said .
" I want to thank Showtime Sports for everything and I wish the best for my five counterparts who will continue on in the Super Six tournament .
Most of all , I want to thank the many fans for their continued support . "
The field for the Super Six includes Ward , Abraham , Froch , former titleholder Mikkel Kessler , whom Ward beat in the first round to win the belt , and Andre Dirrell .
Taylor 's replacement is likely to be the winner of a fight between Sakio Bika ( 28 - 3 - 2 , 19 KOs ) , champion of the 2007 " Contender " tournament , and Allan Green ( 29 - 1 , 20 KOs ) .
Their handlers are working to finalize a fight between the two for Feb. 5 on Showtime 's " ShoBox " series .
DiBella promotes Green and Haymon manages Bika .
Although Taylor 's withdrawal has been a possibility for months , the Bika - Green fight was conceived as a way to determine an official alternate for the tournament in the event any of the six participants pulled out .
Late last week , DiBella told ESPN.com that " Allan has agreed to the fight and Bika and Al Haymon are working on their side . "
If Bika and Green fight to a draw , DiBella said the winner of a coin flip would become the alternate .
If an injury forced the fight to be called off , the healthy fighter would get the open spot in the field .
If Taylor ends up retiring for good , his achievements in his nine - year professional career are many .
After Taylor ( 28 - 4 -1 , 17 KOs ) received the bronze medal in the 2000 Sydney Olympics , he turned pro under DiBella 's guidance and in 2005 outpointed Bernard Hopkins via split decision to win the undisputed middleweight crown .
Taylor 's victory ended Hopkins ' division - record 20 consecutive title defenses .
In the rematch -- Taylor 's first defense -- five months later , Taylor outpointed Hopkins in a unanimous decision .
Taylor , of Little Rock , Ark. , would go on to make defenses against Winky Wright ( a draw ) , Kassim Ouma and Cory Spinks before meeting mandatory challenger Kelly Pavlik in September 2007 .
In that fight , Taylor knocked Pavlik down in the second round and was perhaps a punch or two from ending the fight before Pavlik rallied and stopped Taylor in the seventh round to win the title .
Taylor was never the same after that .
He moved up to super middleweight and lost a decision to Pavlik in a nontitle , immediate rematch in February 2008 .
Later in the year , he won a decision against Olympic teammate Jeff Lacy , a former super middleweight titleholder on the downside of his career , before suffering nasty knockout losses to Froch and Abraham .
Dan Rafael is the boxing writer for ESPN.com .
The GISS Temperature Record Divergence Problem
Guest post by Tilo Reber
In connection with James Hansen ’s explanation of why his GISS temperature record diverges from that of HadCRUT , I decided to check on the legitimacy of what GISS was doing .
Dr. Hansen ’s article is here at RealClimate .
This is the specific chart of interest :
( click on chart to expand )
In this chart , Dr. Hansen explains how the GISS record is different from HadCRUT .
The essential difference is that there are areas at the poles where GISS has filled in the values by extrapolating from the nearest land based records .
Dr. Hansen created a mask of all the areas that HadCRUT does not cover .
He then applies this mask to the GISS record and deletes the readings for the areas that are masked off .
The resulting chart is marked GISS / HadCRUT mask above .
Dr. Hansen then goes on to provide a graph which shows that the GISS divergence with HadCRUT no longer exists after the missing HadCRUT boxes have been removed from the GISS record .
So far so good .
I think that it is safe to say that the divergence of the GISS record is due to the interpolation and extrapolations at the poles .
Now we need to ask the next question – are the GISS interpolations / extrapolations legitimate .
GISS has 2005 as the hottest year for his surface temperature record .
HadCRUT and the satellite records ( UAH , RSS ) have 1998 as the hottest year .
So Dr. Hansen compares 1998 to 2005 in his chart , allowing the reader to see why the difference exists .
Of course Dr. Hansen considers that his method produces the more accurate result .
One of the first things that pops out about the charts is how different the top row of polar cells is between the two records .
For example , if one looks at the top row of the HadCRUT 2005 chart , one sees a group of cells directly above Svalbard that are shown as having a cool anomaly in that record .
Then , when one looks up at the same cells in the GISS record , one sees that GISS has the same cells colored to the maximum hot anomaly .
In fact , the cells that HadCRUT has in the top row ( polar area ) of that record look very different from the top row of the GISS record .
The fact that these cells are so different and that they are accounted for in both records makes me wonder what is going on .
Looking at the GISS site , they say this .
“ Areas covered occasionally by sea ice are masked using a time - independent mask . ”
So if there is sea ice coverage for any part of the year , GISS will not use SST values to cover those cells for the entire year .
Those cells must be covered by extrapolations from land for that year .
This means that when the area is cover with ice or with water or with part ice part water , it will have it ’s anomaly extrapolated from land , regardless .
HadCRUT , on the other hand , does not extrapolate their coverage .
But they will use SST values for a cell when SST values are available for part of the year .
If the area is covered with ice for the entire year , HadCRUT will not assign it a value .
Therefore we get polar areas that are covered by extrapolation by GISS and not covered at all by HadCRUT .
When we look at the HadSST2 record , we see that the cool cells that show up above Svalbard in 2005 are consistent with the numbers in that record .
And these then go into creating the sea surface portion of the HadCRUT3 temperature record .
So , obviously , how cells are filled with data can have a profound effect on the anomaly value that those cells have .
This leads one to wonder if extrapolations at the pole are legitimate .
I decided to look at some of the northern Russian stations , at the GISS site , that show up as being so hot in the 2005 version of the GISS chart when compared with the 1998 version of the chart .
I found that those big changes are in fact represented in the individual records – especially for the coastal stations .
Here are three of them .
Kanin Nos : 68.7 N , 43.3 E .
1998 Annual Mean – - 3.39
2005 Annual Mean – 0.60 1998 – 2005 delta 3.99 C
Ostrov Vize : 79.5 N , 77.0 E .
1998 Annual Mean – - 14.99
2005 Annual Mean – - 10.79 1998 – 2005 delta 4.2 C
Gmo Im.E.K F : 77.7 N , 104.3 E .
1998 Annual Mean – - 15.96
2005 Annual Mean – - 12.67 1998 – 2005 delta 3.29 C
For comparison , let ’s look across the Arctic ocean and see what was happening in Canada and Alaska at the same time .
Eureka , N.W.T. : 80.0 N , 85.9 W .
1998 Annual Mean – - 17.38
2005 Annual Mean – - 17.34 1998 – 2005 delta 0.04 C
Barrow , Ak. : 71.3 N , 156.8 W .
1998 Annual Mean – - 8.80
2005 Annual Mean – - 10.44 1998 – 2005 delta - 1.64 C
So it seems that the North American side of the Arctic changed little , or even got cooler between 98 and 05 , the Russian side warmed considerably .
Why is that ?
I think that this ice cover map gives us the answer .
As is immediately apparent , the coastal ice cleared out far earlier in 2005 in northern Russia than it did in 1998 .
This is even though the rest of the globe was slightly warmer in 1998 than in 2005 .
When dealing with coastal stations , removing the ice and exposing the water is like taking the hatch off a heating source for the coastal thermometers .
For stations that are in areas where the temperature is well below zero , exposing the immediate area of that thermometer to a surface that is above zero , changes everything .
Looking at Ostrov Vize , we see that it is a small island , and therefore even more subject to changes in coastal sea ice .
And when we compare 1998 months on this island with 2005 months we can see that there are differences in some of the monthly means that are larger than 10C .
Even a partial ice cover as opposed to a complete ice cover will supply the stations with more heat .
So I think that we can safely say that the huge change in the anomalies of Russian coastal stations is mostly due to coastal sea ice changes .
In fact , if we look at stations further inland in Russia , the coastal effect begins to decline .
With this in mind , we need to ask if the GISS extrapolations of land based stations , particularly coastal stations , to the poles is appropriate .
The answer would seem to be that it is not , and the Svalbard case makes this perfectly clear .
There we had a case where the SST anomaly was actually cool , and yet the land based extrapolation actually turned those sea based cells more than 3C hotter .
Reaching across the Arctic Ocean with temperatures that are the result of a coastal sea ice effect cannot give valid answers for what the temperature anomalies away from those coastal stations should be .
In fact , taking the variation that is represented by those coastal stations and extrapolating into the interior of Russia is also not appropriate , because the interior areas did not undergo the magnitude of temperature change of the coastal stations .
Looking at the SST temperature anomalies that NOAA uses for 1998 and 2005 it again looks like nothing exceptional was happening in the Arctic ( Note , the chart will not retain the months that I selected ; so use your own sample months and they will plot ) .
It seems , from this analysis , that GISS polar extrapolations and interpolations are likely to simulate large variations away from the Arctic coasts that are really only present as changes at the Arctic coasts .
And the GISS divergence from HadCRUT , as well as from UAH and RSS are likely to be errors instead of enhancements .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The Economic Collapse
January 15 , 2010
The vast majority of the talking heads on television are still speaking of the current economic collapse as if it is a temporary “ recession ” that will soon be over .
So far , the vast majority of the American people seem to believe this as well , although for many Americans there is a very deep gnawing in the pit of their stomachs that is telling them that there is something very , very wrong this time around .
The truth is that the foundations of the U.S. economy have been destroyed by an orgy of government , corporate and individual debt that has gone on for decades .
It was the greatest party in the history of the world , but now the party is over .
The following are 11 signs from just this past month that show that the U.S. economy is headed into the toilet and will not be recovering ….
#1) When even Wal - Mart is closing stores you know things are bad .
Wal - Mart announced on Monday that it will close 10 money - losing Sam ’s Club stores and will cut 1,500 jobs in order to reduce costs .
So if even Wal - Mart has to shut down stores , what chance do other retailers have ?
# 2) Americans are going broke at a staggering pace .
1.41 million Americans filed for personal bankruptcy in 2009 – a 32 percent increase over 2008 .
#3) American workers are working harder than ever and yet making less .
After adjusting for inflation , pay for production and non-supervisory workers ( 80 percent of the private workforce ) is 9 % lower than it was in 1973 .
But those Americans who do still have jobs are the fortunate ones .
# 4) Unemployment is absolutely exploding all over the United States .
Minority groups have been hit particularly hard .
For example , unemployment on many U.S. Indian reservations is over 80 percent .
[ efoods ]
# 5 ) Unfortunately the employment situation is showing no signs of turning around .
December was actually the worst month for U.S. unemployment since the so - called “ Great Recession ” began .
# 6) So just how bad are things when compared to past recessions ?
During the 2001 recession , the U.S. economy lost 2 % of its jobs and it took four years to get them back .
This time the U.S. economy has lost more than 5 % of its jobs and there is no sign that the bleeding of jobs will stop any time soon .
#7 ) Can you imagine trying to get your first job in this economic climate ?
Our young men and women either ca n’t get work or have given up on work altogether .
The percentage of Americans 16 to 24 who have jobs is 13 percent lower than ten years ago .
#8) So where did all the jobs go ?
Over the past few decades we have allowed the corporate giants to ship mountains of American jobs overseas , and there are signs that this trend is only going to get worse .
In fact , Princeton University economist Alan S. Blinder estimates that 22 % to 29 % of all current U.S. jobs will be offshorable within two decades .
So get ready for even more of our jobs to be shipped off to Mexico , China and India .
#9 ) All of these job losses are leading to defaults on mortgages .
Over the past couple of years we have seen the American Dream in reverse .
According to a report that was just released , delinquent home loans at government - controlled mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac surged 20 percent from July through September .
# 10 ) But that is nothing compared to what is coming .
A massive “ second wave ” of mortgage defaults is getting ready to hit the U.S. economy starting in 2010 .
In fact , this “ second wave ” is so frightening that even 60 Minutes is reporting on it .
# 11 ) Meanwhile , the Federal Reserve has announced that it made a record profit of $ 46.1 billion in 2009 .
Apparently during this economic crisis it is a very good time to be a bankster .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Oil windfalls and living standards : New evidence from Brazil
Francesco Caselli , Guy Michaels
Does the “ resource curse ” exist ?
This column presents new evidence from Brazil .
Municipalities that receive oil windfalls report significant increases in spending on infrastructure , education , health , and transfers to households .
However , the windfalls do not trickle down and much of the money goes missing .
Indeed , oil revenues increase the size of municipal workers ’ houses but not the size of other residents ’ houses .
When a country or a community discovers oil , should they rejoice or mourn ?
Should citizens be thrilled or worried when their governments receive fiscal windfalls ?
It might seem that the answers to these questions are obvious .
How could finding an abundance of natural resources or stumbling on greater resources for the government to spend in the community be anything other than wonderful news ?
Yet economists are increasingly sceptical and many of them openly entertain the seemingly paradoxical notion that resources and windfalls may actually be bad news .
In fact , some go so far as to speak of the " curse of natural resources " ( see Bhattacharyya and Hodler 2009 )
Before dismissing this as yet another instance of the economics profession ’s disconnection from the real world , consider the following list : Angola , Congo , Nigeria , Venezuela and the Middle East .
What these places have in common is an abundance of natural resources coupled with varying degrees of abject poverty , state failure , civil war , rampant corruption and political repression .
Think also of the many anecdotes linking foreign aid to dependency and corruption .
It is true that a few countries seem to have managed their natural resources fairly well – Norway is the oft - cited example .
But overall the general impression is certainly not one of resources being an undisguised blessing .
This is also often the message of cross-country studies of the effects of resource exports ( Sachs and Warner 1997 , Leite and Weidmann 1999 , Isham et al 2005 , Kolstad 2007 , Collier and Goderis 2007 , and Brunnschweiler and Bulte 2008 ) or foreign aid ( Alesina and Dollar 2000 , Alesina and Weder 2002 , Tavares 2003 , Easterly 2006 , and Rajan and Subramanian 2008 ) .
The problem with drawing conclusions from comparisons of resource - rich countries with resource - poor countries is that many other differences can give the appearance of a causal relation where in fact there is none .
So while it is true that the Middle East grows ( typically ) slowly and has lots of oil , the region also differs from the rest of the world in a myriad other social , cultural , and institutional dimensions .
We can not be certain that oil – as opposed to one of these other characteristics – is the main cause of low growth .
Another problem with cross-country comparisons is that resource abundance tends to be measured by flows of natural - resource exports ( often as a share of GDP or total exports ) .
But perhaps poor countries are dependent on resource exports because they are poor rather than being poor because they are dependent on resource exports .
New evidence from Brazil
Our research attempts to bypass these difficulties in interpreting cross-country comparisons by looking at Brazilian municipalities .
Oil endowments , and hence oil production , vary widely across municipalities , and we show that oil output is not correlated ( conditional on a few geographical controls ) with other municipal characteristics .
In other words , oil - rich municipalities differ from oil - poor municipalities only because the former have oil and the latter do not .
This makes it possible to ask whether oil has positive or negative effects on other market activities .
Furthermore , oil - producing municipalities are entitled to royalties , so we can investigate the consequences of an oil - related revenue windfall for the local government .
We begin by investigating the effects of oil on other market activities and find that these are small .
In particular , if a Brazilian municipality generates one unit of the national currency ( the real ) , of extra value added from oil , this translates into roughly one real of extra aggregate GDP .
This indicates that , to a first approximation , oil production has no effects , either negative or positive , on non-oil activities .
We do find some small changes in the composition of non-oil GDP when the oil is located onshore : the manufacturing sector shrinks and the service sector expands .
( These effects are probably due to an expansion of services to oil operations and oil workers . )
But offshore oil has little impact on non-oil GDP or on its composition .
We turn next to the revenue windfall .
We confirm that municipal revenues increase significantly with oil production , and that oil royalties account for the bulk of this increase .
This makes it clear that royalty payments are not undone by offsetting changes in other transfers from the state or federal governments ( or by tax cuts ) – in fact , they are somewhat reinforced .
The increase in municipal revenues arising from oil is matched by a corresponding increase in municipal expenditures .
Municipalities that receive oil windfalls report significant increases in spending on a variety of goods and services , such as housing and urban infrastructure , education , health , transport and transfers to households .
Given the significant expansion in reported spending , we might expect sizable improvements in living standards for the local population .
We therefore look at measures of housing quality and quantity , the supply of educational and health inputs , road infrastructure , and welfare receipts .
Missing money
The results paint a complex picture , with no apparent changes in some areas , small improvements in others , and a small worsening in yet others .
On balance , however , the data appear to suggest that the actual flow of goods , services , and transfers to the population is not quite commensurate with the reported spending increases stemming from the windfall .
This shortfall we dub " missing money " .
To confirm that the windfall does not trickle down to the population through other channels , we look at household income and find only minimal improvements .
We also show that oil - rich municipalities did not experience a differential increase in population .
This implies that our results are not driven by a dilution of the benefits of oil abundance .
Furthermore , the fact that people do not flock to oil - rich communities reinforces our message that oil abundance has not been viewed as particularly beneficial .
Our finding that oil windfalls translate into little improvement in the provision of public goods or the population ’s living standards raises a key question – where are the oil revenues going ?
As a way of addressing this question , we put together a few pieces of tentative evidence :
First , oil revenues increase the size of municipal workers ’ houses ( but not the size of other residents ’ houses ) .
Second , Brazil ’s news agency is more likely to carry news items mentioning corruption and the mayor in municipalities with very high levels of oil output ( on an absolute , though not per capita , basis ) .
Third , federal police operations are more likely to occur in municipalities with very high levels of oil output ( again in absolute terms ) .
And finally , we document anecdotal evidence of scandals involving mayors in several of the largest oil - producing municipalities , some of which involve large sums of money .
As a partial explanation of why senior municipal workers may have thought that they could " get away " with large - scale alleged theft in a country where local elections are held regularly , we note that a survey in the largest oil - producing municipality found considerable ignorance among residents about the scale of the municipal oil windfall .
How much can we generalise from our findings to other settings ?
We acknowledge that what might be true for Brazil need not apply to other countries .
More importantly , there are a number of prominent explanations for the " resource curse " that only operate at the national level .
For example , some argue that resource abundance leads to an overvalued nominal exchange rate , with deleterious consequences for competitiveness .
Naturally , this cannot show up across municipalities , which do not print their own currencies .
Similarly , our analysis cannot test the hypothesis that resource abundance is a cause of political violence and civil war .
But our results do lend some credence to the view that oil royalties are somehow easier to steal than other types of revenues .
When we look at the usage and effects of municipal revenues coming from other sources , we find significant differences relative to revenue coming from oil , and the puzzle of " missing money " is less severe .
This may be because citizens themselves are more tolerant of corruption when the money does not come from tax revenues .
Or it may be because they have less accurate information on the amounts flowing to the government in the form of oil royalties .
We are unable to explore these possibilities with our data .
Conclusions
But our findings do suggest that it may be somewhat unwise to channel revenues from oil operations directly to local governments , at least if the officials are not properly monitored and accountable .
For Brazil , this may be an especially important consideration as the system of property rights and royalties will probably be overhauled in response to the recent discovery of huge new offshore fields .
Indeed , the issue is clearly of political relevance , with several major federal legislative proposals to reform the royalty system currently pending .
Most proposals tend to reduce both the share of royalties going to local governments and the discretion that these governments have in using the revenues .
In the summer of 2009 , the federal government issued its own proposals for the property rights regime of the newly discovered " pre-salt " giant oilfields .
More generally , our results may inform the debate about increasing transparency requirements both in poor , resource - abundant countries and in countries that receive aid .
In particular , it is increasingly common for conditionality - based programmes to feature stringent reporting requirements from multinational oil companies and recipient governments .
Our results suggest that accounting transparency per se may be insufficient .
Reporting schemes should document the actual effective disbursement of sums , and not merely their recording on balance sheets .
References
Alesina , Alberto , and Beatrice Weder ( 2002 ) , “ Do Corrupt Governments Receive Less Foreign Aid ? ” American Economic Review , September , 92 : 1126 -37 .
Alesina , Alberto and David Dollar ( 2000 ) , “ Who Gives Foreign Aid to Whom and Why ? ” Journal of Economic Growth , March , 5 : 33 -64 .
Battacharyya , Samit and Roland Hodler ( 2009 ) , “ Natural resources and corruption :
Is democracy the “ missing link ” ? “ , VoxEU.org , 13 November .
Brunnschweiler , Christa N. and Erwin Bulte ( 2008 ) , “ Natural Resources and Violent Conflict : Resource Abundance , Dependence and the Onset of Civil Wars ” , Economics working paper series 08/78 , ETH Zurich
Caselli , Francesco and Guy Michaels ( 2009 ) , “ Do Oil Windfalls Improve Living Standards ?
Evidence from Brazil , ” CEPR Discussion Paper No. 7579 .
Collier , Paul and Bendikt Goderis ( 2007 ) , “ Commodity Prices , Growth , and the Natural Resource Curse : Reconciling a Conundrum , ” CSAE Working Paper 2007 - 15 .
Easterly , William ( 2006 ) , The White Man's Burden , Penguin .
Isham , Jonathan , Michael Woolcock , Lant Pritchett and Gwen Busby ( 2005 ) , “ The Varieties of Resource Experience : Natural Resource Export Structures and the Political Economy of Economic Growth ” , World Bank Economic Review , vol. 19 ( 2 ) , pp. 141-174 .
Kolstad , Ivar ( 2007 ) , “ The Resource Curse : Which Institutions Matter ? ” CMI Working Paper 2007 - 2 , Bergen , Norway
Leite , Carlos and Jens Weidmann ( 1999 ) , “ Does Mother Nature Corrupt ?
Natural Resources , Corruption and Economic Growth ” , IMF Working Paper 99/85 .
Raghuram G. Rajan and Arvind Subramanian ( 2008 ) , “ Aid and Growth : What Does the Cross - Country Evidence Really Show ? ” Review of Economics and Statistics , November .
Sachs , Jeffrey D. and Andrew M. Warner ( 1997 ) , " Natural resource abundance and economic growth – revised version " , Working Paper , Harvard University .
Tavares , José ( 2003 ) , “ Does Foreign Aid Corrupt ? ” Economics Letters , 79 , 99-106 .
Internationally coordinated research and field - testing on ' geoengineering ' the planet 's atmosphere to limit risk of climate change should begin soon along with building international governance of the technology , say scientists from the University of Calgary and the United States .
Collaborative and government - supported studies on solar - radiation management , a form of geo- engineering , would reduce the risk of nations ' unilateral experiments and help identify technologies with the least risk , says U of C scientist David Keith , in an article published in the Jan. 27 online edition of Nature .
Co-authors of the opinion piece are Edward Parson at the University of Michigan and Granger Morgan at Carnegie Mellon University .
" Solar - radiation management may be the only human response that can fend off rapid and high - consequence climate change impacts .
The risks of not doing research outweigh the risks of doing it , " says Keith , director of the Institute for Sustainable Energy , Environment and Economy 's energy and environmental systems group and a professor in the Schulich School of Engineering .
Solar - radiation management ( SRM ) would involve releasing megatonnes of light - scattering aerosol particles in the upper atmosphere to reduce Earth 's absorption of solar energy , thereby cooling the planet .
Another technique would be to release particles of sea salt to make low - altitude clouds reflect more solar energy back into space .
SRM should not take the place of making deep cuts in industrial greenhouse gas emissions and taking action to adapt to climate change , Keith and his American colleagues stress .
However , they say : " We must develop the capability to do SRM in a manner that complements such cuts , while managing the associated environmental and political risks . "
The scientists propose that governments establish an international research budget for SRM that grows from about $ 10 million to $ 1 billion a year between now and the end of 2020 .
They urge that research results be available to all and risk assessments be as transparent and international as possible to build sound norms of governance for SRM .
advertisement
Long - established estimates show that SRM could offset this century 's predicted global average temperature rise more than 100 times more cheaply than achieving the same cooling by cutting emissions , Keith notes .
" But this low price tag raises the risks of single groups acting alone , and of facile cheerleading that promotes exclusive reliance on SRM . "
SRM would also cool the planet quickly , whereas even a massive program of carbon dioxide emission cuts will take many decades to slow global warming because the CO2 already accumulated in the atmosphere will take many years to naturally break down .
The 1991 eruption of Mount Pinatubo , for example , cooled the planet by about 0.5 degrees Celsius in less than a year by injecting sulphur into the stratosphere .
But a world cooled by managing sunlight will present risks , the scientists note .
The planet would have less precipitation and less evaporation , and monsoon rains and winds might be weakened .
Some areas would be more protected from temperature changes than others , creating local ' winners ' and losers . '
" If the world relies solely on SRM to limit ( global ) warming , these problems will eventually pose risks as large as those from uncontrolled emissions , " they warn .
Field tests of SRM are the only way to identify the best technologies and potential risks , Keith says .
He and the American scientists propose carefully controlled testing that would involve releasing tonnes -- not megatonnes -- of aerosols in the stratosphere and low - altitude clouds .
" If SRM proves to be unworkable or poses unacceptable risks , the sooner we know the less moral hazard it poses ; if it is effective , we gain a useful additional tool to limit climate damages .. "
Responsible management of climate risks requires deep emission cuts and research and assessment of SRM technologies , the scientists say .
" The two are not in opposition .
We are currently doing neither ; action is urgently needed on both . "
A value named blob .
Say we have a JavaScript value “ “ .
Then if we could do something like var blob = ; what would be the meaning ( semantics ) of what we just asked JS to do ?
We know from our previous discussion that the var keyword in conjunction with a name is used to create something called a variable .
And that when we assign a value using the = operator , JS somehow put the value in the variable .
# 2 is rather simplistic and indeed misleading .
The meaning of “ assignment ” with respect to JS is more subtler than that .
What var blob = ; really means is as follows .
Create a reference ( think a link ) to which exists in memory .
Create a variable named blob and update it with a reference to
Key idea : Assignment ( = ) creates references .
Variables contain references .
We shall see the consequences of that in further detail .
Let ’s consider the meaning of var thingy = blob ;
Note that we are still continuing the session from above and thus blob still refers to
Create a variable named thingy .
Refer thingy to what ever blob is referring to .
( In this case ) .
Gratuitous Graphic :
Another example and more gratuitous graphics .
Consider “ ” and “ ” to be JS values .
With that , let consider the meaning of the following .
var ball , sphere ;
ball = ; Note , we ’re not using the var anymore as ball has already been declared ..
sphere = ;
ball = sphere ;
As far as we are concerned , the value that ball was originally referring to is lost .
We have no way of referring to that anymore .
It ’s beyond our reach .
JS sees this and based on the assumption that we have no use for it anymore , eats it .
Some people call this process “ Garbage Collection ” .
But that sounds a bit haughty do n’t you think ?
About primitives .
Primitives are assigned and manipulated via variables quite differently from the above .
But the rat ’s nest complexity of this topic can be simplified by thinking of primitives as immutable ( unmodifiable ) that are always referred to by the literal notation of these primitives .
Ie : There is only one value for each primitive existing in memory .
Say the number one or the string ( foo ) is always referred to by it ’s literal syntax .
1 and " foo " respectively .
You can also think of them as not being eaten by JS ( garbage collected ) when no variable is referring to them because of this .
Summary
Variables are more like tags than boxes .
Variables contain references that point to values .
A value can be referred by many variables .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Tags : primitives , references , values , Variable
Palin flirts with Obama birth certificate questions
By Garance Franke - Ruta
Former Alaska governor Sarah Palin gave support Thursday to a conspiracy theory promoted by fringe groups , that President Obama may not have an American birth certificate , saying , " I think the public rightfully is still making it an issue . "
Palin 's comments came in an interview on " The Rusty Humphries Show " , a conservative radio program , while promoting her book about the 2008 presidential campaign , " Going Rogue . "
" I think it 's a fair question , just like I think past associations and past voting records -- all of that is fair game , " the 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee said when asked if she thought Obama 's citizenship was a fair question to examine .
Those who ask such questions about the birth certificate have become known as " birthers " and are a persistent and vocal presence in GOP circles , especially within the Tea Party movement that has sprung up over the course of 2009 .
Palin has agreed to be the keynote speaker at the First National Tea Party Convention at the Opryland Hotel in Nashville Feb . 4 - 6 .
But as news of her comments spread online , Palin seemingly thought the better of her approach and took to Facebook to say that , while she may have said she supports others questioning the president about his citizenship , she herself has not raised such questions .
" At no point - not during the campaign , and not during recent interviews - have I asked the president to produce his birth certificate or suggested that he was not born in the United States , " Palin wrote in a Facebook note posted at 1:16 am Eastern time Friday , under the headline " Stupid Conspiracies . "
" Voters have every right to ask candidates for information if they so choose .
I 've pointed out that it was seemingly fair game during the 2008 election for many on the left to badger my doctor and lawyer for proof that Trig is in fact my child .
Conspiracy - minded reporters and voters had a right to ask ... which they have repeatedly , " she wrote .
On the Humphries show , Palin said she thought she would not need to raise questions about Obama 's citizenship herself , should she seek to challenge him for office in 2012 , because others would do so .
" Would you make the birth certificate an issue if you ran ? "
Humphries asked .
" Um , I think the public rightfully is still making it an issue .
I do n't have a problem with that .
I do n't know if I would have to bother to make it an issue , ' cause I think enough members of the electorate still want answers , " Palin said .
Questioning Obama 's birth certificate would be turnabout as fair play , suggested Palin , because of " that weird conspiracy - theory freaky thing that people talk about , that Trig is n't my real son .
And a lot of people , well , ' You need to produce his birth certificate .
You need to prove that he's your kid , ' which we have done .
But uh , yeah .
So maybe we can reverse that and use the same [ inaudible word ] type - thinking on the other one . "
Palin is among the most high - profile members of the GOP to encourage doubts about the legitimacy of the president on citizenship grounds .
Such questions were investigated by staffers on the McCain - Palin campaign during 2008 , former general counsel Trevor Potter told The Washington Independent in July , and found them baseless .
" To the extent that we could , we looked into the substantive side of these allegations , " Potter said .
" We never saw any evidence that then - Senator Obama had been born outside of the United States .
We saw rumors , but nothing that could be sourced to evidence .
There were no statements and no documents that suggested he was born somewhere else .
" On the other side , there was proof that he was born in Hawaii , " Potter added .
" There was a certificate issued by the state 's Department of Health , and the responsible official in the state saying that he had personally seen the original certificate .
There was a birth announcement in the Honolulu Advertiser , which would be very difficult to invent or plant 47 years in advance . "
A spokesperson for Republican National Committee that same month said chairman Michael Steele believed that questions about Obama 's birth certificate were " an unnecessary distraction " .
He " believes that the president is a U.S. citizen , " spokesperson Gail Gitcho told The Plum Line .
BEIJING  A Hollywood vision of the future is testing the Chinese government ’s preference for a piece of the country ’s past .
Confronted with a clamor of ticket - buyers for “ Avatar ” and sparse audiences for the domestic film “ Confucius , ” Chinese authorities appeared to have backpedaled this week on a decision to pull “ Avatar ” from the nation ’s 2 - D movie screens in favor of “ Confucius . ”
Zhang Hongsen , the vice director of the film bureau of the State Administration of Radio , Film and Television , said last week that Avatar would be limited to 3 - D and Imax screens after “ Confucius ” opened on Jan. 22 on 2 - D screens , according to the news agency Xinhua .
But 2 - D showings of “ Avatar ” have continued at some theaters outside Beijing this week , theater employees and officials said .
In Shanghai , an official with the biggest local cinema chain told fans not to worry that they would miss “ Avatar ” because of state - imposed restrictions .
Wu Hehu , a senior manager for the chain , Shanghai United Circuit , told a Shanghai daily newspaper that its theaters would continue to show “ Avatar ” on both 3 - D and 2 - D screens .
View photographs and listen to audio from areas in and around Port - au - Prince that were hit hard by the devastating earthquake .
With the Past Behind
Caught this man running through the vents on the corner where I captured Zena from my recent Christmas Project .
He bounded through the steam almost giving me a sense of running from the past and entering into our new time .
Funny that we just bade farewell to 2009 only a few days ago , so out from the year past and into 2010 , my first shot of the year arrives .
With temperatures sitting at - 22 Celsius including the windchill I can tell you that perseverance is ridiculous at times like this but well worth the wait once I had him in sight .
Happy New Year !
Mp3splt - project do not own the logos or the icons of this page .
Please see the icons licenses
It was not the Iraqi government but its American masters that chose to execute Saddam Hussein in a great rush as soon as the first sentence was confirmed , thus cancelling all the other trials on far graver charges that awaited him .
The current Iraqi government had nothing to hide if those trials went ahead ; the United States government did .
Cast your mind back to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in March 2003 .
Washington ’s pretext for war then was Iraq ’s alleged weapons of mass destruction , with barely a word about bringing democracy to the downtrodden Iraqi people .
But in order to persuade us that Saddam ’s WMD were a threat to the whole world , we were told a lot about how wicked he was , how he had even “ gassed his own people ” .
WEB EXCLUSIVE : Personal tale of Saddam Hussein ’s butchery
Riadh R. Muslih , a Canadian who was born in Iraq offers an exculsive article to the Georgia Straight .
Muslih ’s father , Rashid , was once Iraq ’s interior minister , but he was executed in 1970 after a secret trial in which he was convicted of “ high treason ” .
Riadh R. Muslih , a Lower Mainland resident , describes why he feels that Saddam Hussein should have been tried in a fair , open , and impartial manner .
[ read more ]
Well , there were n’t any weapons of mass destruction , so now the script has been changed to say that the war was about bringing democracy to Iraq .
But that still requires Saddam Hussein to be a monstrous villain ( which he certainly was ) , and it needs some dramatic supporting stories about how he abused his own people , like his poison - gas attacks on rebel Kurds in 1988 .
So let ’s try him for the slaughter of the Kurds in 1988 , and then we ’ll hang him .
Fair enough , and the trial for the gassing of the Kurds actually got started a couple of months ago .
Other trials , for his savage repression of the Kurdish revolt in 1988 and the Shia revolt in 1991 , were already scheduled to happen in the new year .
But none of that will come to pass .
All the other trials have been cancelled , and they actually hanged Saddam for the judicial murder of 144 villagers in the town of Dujail who were allegedly involved in a plot to kill him in 1982 .
Dujail ?
Here is a man who began his career in power in the late 1960s by exterminating the entire ( mostly Shia ) leadership of the Communist party in Iraq , went on to launch an invasion of Iran in 1980 that cost up to half a million lives , massacred his own Kurdish population in 1987 - 88 when some of their leaders sided with the Iranians , invaded Kuwait in 1990 , and massacred Iraqi Shias in 1991 when they rebelled against his rule at the end of that war .
And they hanged him for Dujail ?
It ’s as if they had taken Adolf Hitler alive in 1945 but ignored his responsibility for starting the Second World War and his murder of six million Jews and just put him on trial for executing people suspected of involvement in the July 1944 bomb plot .
With all of Saddam ’s other crimes to choose from , why on earth would you hang him for executing the people suspected of involvement in the Dujail plot ?
Because the United States was not involved in that one .
It was involved in the massacre of the Iraqi Communists .
( The U.S. Central Intelligence Agency gave Saddam their membership lists . )
It was implicated up to its ears in Saddam ’s war against Iran — to the point of arranging for Iraq to be supplied with the chemicals to make poison gas , providing Baghdad with satellite and AWACS intelligence data on Iranian targets , and seconding U.S. air force photo interpreters to Baghdad to draw Saddam the detailed maps of Iranian trenches that let him drench them in poison gas .
The Ronald Reagan administration stopped Congress from condemning Saddam ’s use of poison gas , and the U.S. State Department tried to protect Saddam when he gassed his own Kurdish citizens in Halabja in 1988 , spreading stories ( which it knew to be false ) that Iranian planes had dropped the gas .
It was the U.S. that finally saved Saddam ’s regime by providing naval escorts for tankers carrying oil from Arab Gulf states while Iraqi planes were left free to attack tankers coming from Iranian ports .
Even when one of Saddam ’s planes mistakenly attacked an American destroyer in 1987 , killing 37 crew members , Washington forgave him .
And it was George W. Bush ’s father who urged Iraq ’s Shias and Kurds to rebel — after Saddam was driven out of Kuwait in 1991 — and then failed to use U.S. air power to protect the Shias from massacre when they answered his call .
The U.S. was deeply involved in all of Saddam ’s major crimes , one way or another , so no trial that delved into the details of those crimes could be allowed .
Instead , the spin doctors in the current Bush administration put the Dujail trial first and scheduled the trials for Saddam ’s bigger crimes later , knowing that they would all be cancelled once the death penalty for the Dujail incident was confirmed .
The dirty laundry will never have to be displayed in public .
But it does mean that the man who was hanged that Saturday morning not only had a farce of a trial before a kangaroo court but was executed for the wrong crime .
October 20 , 2020 , will mark the 20th anniversary of the International Charter Space and Major Disasters .
To commemorate this milestone we are publishing monthly features looking back on the history and some of the achievements of the Charter during the past 20 years .
We are also releasing special productions for the anniversary , such as a calendar for the year that showcases a selection of imagery acquired by Charter member satellites .
Visit the anniversary page to find out more .
Wow ….huge night ….$ 14.5 billion in combined assets from tonight ’s failures .
The biggest fish is First Fed , with $ 6.1 billion of assets .
First Fed was the last of the big option ARM lenders .
Seems like FDIC wants to get a lot off its plate before the holidays …
# 134
Failed bank : Rockbridge Commercial Bank , Atlanta GA
Acquiring bank : None
Vitals : at 9/30 assets of $ 294 m , deposits of $ 291.7 m
DIF damage estimate : $ 124 m
A rare payout transaction .
Actually the sixth so far this year .
I spoke to FDIC ’s Greg Hernandez who gave me some interesting particulars on this bank regarding why it could n’t find a buyer .
First , it had no retail locations at all , just office space .
Moreover , 80 % of its deposit accounts were CDs , most of which were brokered from outside the bank ’s immediate area .
Not the most attractive deposit accounts that stronger banks are looking to acquire .
# 135
Failed bank : People ’s First Community , Panama City FL
Acquiring bank : Hancock Bank , Gulfport MS
Vitals : as of 9/30 , assets of $ 1.8 billion , deposits of $ 1.7 billion
DIF damage estimate : $ 557 million
# 136
Failed bank : Citizens State Bank , New Baltimore MI
Acquiring bank : FDIC creates a “ Deposit Insurance National Bank ”
Vitals : at 9/30 , assets of $ 169 m , deposits of $ 157 m
DIF damage estimate : $ 77 m
# 137
Failed bank : New South Federal Savings Bank , Irondale AL
Acquiring bank : Beal Bank , Plano TX
Vitals : as of 9/30 assets of $ 1.5 billion , deposits of $ 1.2 billion
DIF damage estimate : $ 212 million
# 138
Failed bank : Independent Bankers ’ Bank , Springfield IL
Acquiring bank : FDIC creates bridge bank
Vitals : as of 9/30 assets of $ 586 m , deposits of $ 512 m
DIF damage estimate : $ 68.4 million
Independent Bankers ’
Bank did not take deposits directly from the general public nor did it make loans to consumers .
It was a commercial bank that provided correspondent banking services to its client banks .
Independent Bankers ’
Bank had approximately 450 client banks in four states , and operated one regional office .
# 139
Failed bank : Imperial Capital Bank , La Jolla CA
Acquiring bank : City National Bank , LA CA
Vitals : as of 9/30 assets of $ 4.0 billion , deposits of $ 2.8 billion
DIF damage estimate : $ 619 million
# 140
According to a very scientific - sounding survey by the Australian magazine Girlfriend , popular girls are n't necessarily the happiest .
But what is popularity anyway ?
Advertisement
According to the Sydney Morning Herald , many survey respondents actually disliked the popular kids at their schools .
56 % of those who did n't consider themselves to be in the popular group felt they were happier for it .
And 48 % of those who felt popular said they were less happy than those who were n't .
So if the popular kids are n't necessarily happy or even well - liked , what does popularity mean ?
Writes the SMH , " Girlfriend says five key characteristics define the popular group , with physical attractiveness being most important .
Being able to intimidate others also matters , as does sexual experience , wealth , and regular drug / alcohol use . "
These characteristics jibe somewhat with my high school experience .
The girls who were widely deemed the most attractive certainly had high status — in that people talked about them a lot and lots of boys had crushes on them .
The meanest girls I knew growing up also tended to have a lot of influence — they could control , for instance , who was ostracized and who was accepted — although this faded as I got older and friendliness and extroversion were valued more than intimidation .
Still , when I tried to fill out Girlfriend 's popularity survey myself , responding as I would have in high school , I just ended up confused .
Advertisement
One of the questions asked , " How would you describe the group you 're in ? "
But I was part of different groups at different times , and toward the end of high school , everyone I knew associated freely enough that the idea of a " group " did n't fully make sense .
Then there was , " What makes the cool group ' cool ' ? "
I initially chose the option " Regularly taking drugs / alcohol , " because I certainly considered the kids who could drink more than half a beer without worrying what their parents might think to be cooler than me .
But then I remembered that some of the kids with the most friends at my school were Christian girls who never touched a drop .
The only question I really knew how I would 've answered was " Do you wish you were more popular ? " — because as a middle school loser who somehow managed to grow up and pass for normal , I was always hungry for more .
The survey 's poor methodology aside ( it 's still online and anyone can take it , including a very much post - high - school me ) , one thing it shows is how complicated kids ' social lives and perceptions are .
If we give any credence to the percentages at all , popularity is less about friends and happiness than about status , but it 's not clear what this status really means .
In some cases it translates into power — the girl who gets to decide who sits at the cool table this week .
But in other cases it can just mean unwanted attention — other girls gossiping about you , or boys you do n't particularly like talking about your ass .
As celebrity gossip sites remind us every day , being a woman of high visibility can make you a target as well as a queen .
And while this may be cold comfort to those eating alone in the corner of the cafeteria , it might help grownups give thanks for the ways adult life is n't like high school ( more people , less gym class ) , and work against the ways it still is .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Teen Girls Dislike Being Popular : Survey [ Sydney Morning Herald ]
Girlfriend Popularity Survey [ Yahoo ! Australia ]
Remember last week when I was talking about how I kind of kept forgetting it was spring ?
Yeah , I ’m over that .
My car thermometer said 94 degrees yesterday and the fact that I was wearing pants was making me feel all stabby .
Apparently summer is here ( at least in the South ; is it super hot everywhere else ? ) and I ’m ( clearly ) trying really hard to have a good attitude about it .
Note sarcasm .
The good news ?
Frozen treats make me feel better about the world .
The bad news ?
My freezer is currently overrun by little Frozen Lemonade Pies .
Fortunately , that is not the worst bad news I ’ve ever gotten in my life .
This is one of my favorite favorite favorite treats of all time , but I ’ve always been a little hesitant to post it because it ’s so dang easy .
Not that we ’re not all about easy , but we ’re talking easy enough that a really smart monkey could make it .
But maybe when I ’m feeling grumpy because I ’m legally required to wear pants , I need super - smart - monkey frozen treats .
Growing up , we always made this pie in a store - bought graham cracker crust ( and that ’s still totally an option ; you could also use the small graham cracker tart crusts ) .
I wanted to adorable - ize ( TOTALLY a word ) things just a little , so I decided to make these in the squatty little Mason jars , kind of like a summery version of Pie in a Jar .
You can use 8 8 - ounce jars with the straight sides ( like we do in Pie in a Jar ) , but I actually found myself wanting a more dainty portion and wished I had 16 of the 4 - ounce jars on hand that were n’t covered in Mod Podge and tissue paper .
Do n’t ask .
For the crust , you ’ll need 1 1/ 2 cups of graham cracker crumbs , 1/3 cup sugar , and 6 tablespoons of butter .
Combine the graham cracker crumbs and sugar in a small bowl .
Melt the butter and then drizzle it over the crumbs …
Toss together the ingredients , wither with a fork or with your fingers .
Then evenly distribute the crumb mixture into the jars .
If you ’re using 8 ounce jars , you ’ll need about 3 heaping tablespoons per jar .
For 4 ounce jars , use closer to 2 level tablespoons per jar .
Lightly press the crumbs onto the bottom and up the sides of the jar .
Keep in mind that these are going in the freezer and will solidify a lot .
Also keep in mind that graham cracker crust that is hard to eat will only lead to heartache and sorrow , and since we do n’t want to be the cause of any kind of heartache , do n’t press the crust in too firmly .
Set your jars aside .
For the filling , you ’ll need 12 ounces ( so 1 1/ 2 of the smaller containers ) of thawed COOL WHIP Whipped Topping , a 14 - ounce can of sweetened condensed milk , and 8 ounces of thawed lemonade concentrate ( you ’re not gonna use the whole can…mix the rest of it with water for , well , lemonade ) .
I use pink lemonade because that is how I roll .
You also might want to have a lemon on hand –if the mixture is a little too sweet for your taste , you can add a tablespoon or two of lemon juice to kick things up a notch .
In a large bowl , gently fold together the COOL WHIP and add the sweetened condensed milk .
Add the lemonade concentrate ( thawed but still cold ) and continue folding until combined .
If you want , you can add a little food coloring –I added 4 drops of red food coloring and a drop of yellow , not that you ’ll be able to tell in the pictures .
Divide the filling evenly among the prepared jars …
and freeze for at least 4 hours or until firm .
When ready to serve , remove from the freezer and allow to stand for 5 minutes before serving .
So easy , right ?!
Now that we ’re moving into wedding season , these would be perfect little make - ahead desserts for a bridal shower ( and baby showers , although , as I have discovered , there ’s not really such thing as baby season –they seem to happen all year long ) .
They would also be perfect for Mother ’s Day ; not saying that there are n’t men or children who feel completely at home in the kitchen on Mother ’s Day , but my man is not one of them .
Bless his heart .
NOTE TO MY HUSBAND , SHOULD HE BE READING THIS : I want pie for Mother ’s Day .
And I do n’t want to do the dishes afterwards .
Just to make things super easy , these pies should have little attachable notes , right ?
Print these out , buy some cute ribbon , punch a hole in the corner , tie it onto the jar , and you have a happy mom .
For the Mother ’s Day Printable , click HERE .
Thank you COOL WHIP for sponsoring this post .
Join us on Facebook for inspiration and recipes for everyday treats .
What you add makes it .
# coolwhipmoms
Print This !
Frozen Lemonade Pie in a Jar {and Mother ’s Day Printable !}
Our Best Bites
Ingredients : 1 1/2 cups graham cracker crumbs *
1/3 cup sugar *
6 tablespoons melted butter *
12 ounces ( 1 1/2 small containers ) of COOL WHIP Whipped Topping
1 14 - ounce can sweetened condensed milk
8 ounces thawed ( but still cold ) lemonade concentrate
Optional : 1 - 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice
Optional : 4 drops red food coloring and 1 drop yellow food coloring
8 8 - ounce Mason jars or 16 4 - ounce Mason jars ( the short , squatty ones ) * If desired , you can use a prepared graham cracker crust or several of the small prepared graham cracker tart crusts .
Instructions :
In a small bowl , mix together the graham cracker crumbs and sugar .
Add the melted butter and toss with a fork or your fingers to combine .
If using 8 - ounce jars , lightly press 3 heaping tablespoons of the graham cracker mixture onto the bottom and up the sides of each jar .
If using 4 - ounce jars , use 2 level tablespoons .
Set the jars aside .
In a large bowl , gently fold together the COOL WHIP and sweetened condensed milk .
Add the lemonade concentrate .
If desired , add the lemon juice and food coloring .
Evenly distribute the filling among the jars .
Cover and freeze for at least 4 hours .
When ready to serve , allow to stand for 5 minutes .
Sponsored posts are purely our own ideas that we are pleased to have presented by a participating sponsor .
As always , we write about products that we use and enjoy .
Advertisers do not produce our content in any way .
With all the buzz about women outearning their husbands — and new data about education and marriage — it 's time to tackle some misconceptions about getting hitched .
Advertisement
1. Education makes women less likely to marry .
While only 74 % of white female college graduates had married by 40 in 1950 , compared to 93 % of high - school dropouts , that gap is actually closing .
86 % of white women with a college degree have now married by 40 , compared with 81 % of those without a high school diploma .
And Tara Parker - Pope of the Times Well log notes that among black women , 70 % of college graduates are married by 40 , compared to just 60 % of high school grads .
Parker - Pope quotes economist Betsey Stevenson ( she of the infamous women 's unhappiness study ) , who " said the shifts in marriage are occurring at a time when couples are less likely to marry for financial security or economic benefits and more likely to choose partners based on the ' companion benefits ' of marriage . "
Perhaps college - educated women in the 50s married less in part because they were financially self - sufficient — or because men did n't want a self - sufficient woman .
Whatever the case , times have changed , and those warnings about book - learning ruining your marriage chances are now not just sexist but inaccurate .
2. Women should " play games " to land a husband .
Advertisement
What Is Happiness Anyway ?
A lot of ink has been spilt in the past few days on the issue of whether women are unhappier now …
Read more
Man -snagging manuals still advocate that women hide their true feelings and personalities in order to convince men to marry them .
But — shocker — pretending to be sweeter or more helpless than you are is actually a bad idea , at least according to marriage researcher Stephanie Coontz .
In a 2005 Christian Science Monitor article , she wrote ,
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ M ] any marriage - advice books still claim that the secret to a successful marriage is for women to " surrender " to their husbands ' traditional views about gender roles .
But recent research shows that this is a bad idea .
Today men with traditional ideas about male and female roles are more likely to divorce than men with non-traditional views .
It 's particularly bad advice to tell women to play games to catch a man , because women tend to grow more discontented with their marriages over time , while men grow more content , even if they initially resisted pressure to change their behavior .
Advertisement
So women should n't , say , pretend to be fine when we 're actually mad , because we 're only going to get madder over time .
And while this may seem kind of depressing , it 's also a great argument against settling .
Advertisement
3. Women who are " too successful " or make too much money will have unhappy marriages , or none at all .
As Latoya pointed out , the Times seemed to be making this assumption in its initial coverage of a Pew report on women 's increasing economic power .
Sam Roberts wrote of one high - powered lady ,
Ms. Zielinski , the fashion stylist , said her best friend , a man , told her once : " ‘ You are confident , have good credit , own your own business , travel around the world and are self - sufficient .
What man is going to want you ? ' "
Advertisement
And despite his acknowledgment that " women with college degrees are still more likely to marry today than less educated women , " Roberts called women like Zielinski " victims of a role reversal that is profoundly affecting the pool of potential marriage partners . "
But this " role reversal " — if women making 71 % as much as men rather than 52 % can really be called a reversal — may have no victims .
Tara Parker - Pope tackled the Pew report just a few days after Roberts , and had a different take :
While it 's widely believed that a woman 's financial independence increases her risk for divorce , divorce rates in the United States tell a different story : they have fallen as women have made economic gains .
The rate peaked at 23 divorces per 1,000 couples in the late 1970s , but has since dropped to fewer than 17 divorces per 1,000 couples .
Today , the statistics show that typically , the more economic independence and education a woman gains , the more likely she is to stay married .
And in states where fewer wives have paid jobs , divorce rates tend to be higher , according to a 2009 report from the Center for American Progress .
Advertisement
So despite what Zielinski's friend and a host of family - values conservatives would have us believe , women 's empowerment is actually a good thing for marriage .
4 . All women want to get married .
The first lesson of Gender Stereotypes 101 is that all women desperately want to get married , and are engaged in a constant war to force some reluctant man or other to walk down the aisle .
Just like the Crazy , Condom - Puncturing Bitch stereotype , this one turns out to be false .
In response to the Pew report , Stephanie Coontz said ,
Advertisement
We 've known for some time that men need marriage more than women from the standpoint of physical and mental well - being .
Now it is becoming increasingly important to their economic well - being as well .
Advertisement
In a comment on the Times Well blog , Shana adds ,
It 's because studies are always framed this way ( with a picture of a frou - frou wedding cake ) that the notion gets perpetuated that we women should be married in order to be happy .
Why not frame it from the MEN 'S point of view ?
They 're the ones who actually benefit from marriage , according to numerous statistics - in terms of better health , better income , etc .
The wives actually suffer compared with single women .
Advertisement
While some of the research claiming marriage is bad for women is suspect ( as Double X's Hanna Rosin points out , who gives a shit if married women gain four pounds ? ) , Tara Parker - Pope 's response to Shana is worth remembering :
Data show that older who [ sic ] women who have n't married are nearly just as happy in life as married women and they are far happier than divorced women .
So yes , marriage is n't the only road to happiness for women .
Advertisement
Parker - Pope also notes that there 's still a dearth of research about women who marry women , and the sheer heteronormativity of most discussions of marriage is a damaging assumption in itself .
But in fact , the freedom of gay people to marry and the freedom of women not to be pressured to do so may really be two sides of the same coin .
As much as conservatives harp on " traditional marriage , " traditions change , and the male breadwinner / female homemaker model may no longer be a recipe for happy union — if it ever was .
All those concerned with " defending marriage " might do well to heed Betsey Stevenson 's prediction for " where marriage is headed " : towards " couples who are together because they enjoy life more when they 're together . "
Unlike the many sexist , prescriptive , and downright scary views of marriage out there , this one actually seems like a tradition worth defending .
College - Educated Women More Likely To Stay Married [ LiveScience ]
Marriage And Women Over 40 [ NYT Well Blog ]
She Works .
They 're Happy .
[ NYT ]
More Men Marrying Wealthier Women [ NYT ]
Advertisement
Related : Why Marriage Today Takes More Love , Work - From Both Partners [ Christian Science Monitor ]
Earlier : Are Women Really Earning More Than Men ?
I recently revamped my graphics - drawingcombinators module to have a handsome denotational semantics .
I may write a post going into full detail later , but the executive summary is that Image a = R2 → ( Color , a ) .
Due to TCM , I get semantics for Image ’s Functor instance from this , and if Color is a monoid I get the semantics for the Applicative and Monoid instances as well .
OpenGL combines colors by alpha blending , so I happily defined my monoid instance as alpha blending :
mempty = Color 0 0 0 0 mappend c@( Color _ _ _ a ) c' = a*c + ( 1 - a ) * c '
It does n’t take a genius to see that this violates two of the three monoid laws ( the only one it satisfies is left unit : mempty `mappend` x = x ) .
This is embarrassing .
My new rigorous denotational semantics has a pretty awesome flaw .
To make this right , let ’s redefine Color not as something which is drawn , but as a transformation on alpha - free colors .
I do this because functions make great monoids : composition is always associative and identity is always a unit .
But it ’s not just any function , it ’s an alpha blending function .
So we say that f is a “ Color ” if there exists constants a and x such that f( c ) = a x + ( 1 - a ) c , which I will write as f = [ a ; x ] .
Here a is a scalar and x is another alpha - free color like c .
We would really like it if the composition of two Colors were also a Color .
Let ’s try :
f( g ( c ) ) = [ fa ; fx ] ( [ ga ; gx ] ( c ) ) = fa fx + ( 1 - fa ) ( [ ga ; gx ] ( c ) ) = fa fx + ( 1 - fa ) ( ga gx + ( 1 - ga ) c ) = fa fx + ( 1 - fa ) ga gx + ( 1 - fa ) ( 1 - ga ) c = fa fx + ( 1 - fa ) ga gx + ( 1 - fa - ga + fa ga ) c = ( fa fx + ( 1 - fa ) ga gx ) + ( 1 - ( fa + ga - fa ga ) ) c
It looks like the “ alpha ” of our composition is ( fa + ga – fa ga ) .
Let ’s call this a ’ .
Now we have to get the left side of the addition into the form a’ r for some r.
Let ’s just hack it : multiply and divide1 by a’ .
= a' ( fa fx + ( 1 - fa ) ga gx ) / a ' + ( 1 - a ' ) c
And then we can read off the answer :
[ fa ; fx ] . [ ga ; gx ] = [ a ' ; ( fa fx + ( 1 - fa ) ga gx ) / a '] where a' = fa + ga - fa ga
For the identity , we need :
a x + ( 1 - a ) c = c
Which is satisfied for a = 0 with x = anything , so we can use [ 0,0 ] .
Because we derived this from composition and identity , the laws must hold .
The mathematically untrusting may wish to check this .
And there you have it : my new Color monoid which actually satisfies the laws .
This is the way to compose alpha - blended colors — it reflects what happens if you draw one after the other , blending as you go .
This is the math that pre-blends any segment of that sequence .
I should have known that OpenGL ’s colors were transformations all along , since the color of an object that you see can depend on the color you used to clear the screen .
1 But what if ( fa + ga – fa ga ) = 0 ?
Fortunately , the only place this happens when these variables are between 0 and 1 is fa = ga = 0 , which means both f and g are the identity color .
By David Paul Kuhn - January 8 , 2010
The philosophical casualty of the Great Recession was supposed to be libertarianism .
But signs to the contrary are thriving .
Americans are increasingly opposed to activist government programs .
The most significant social movement of 2009 , the Tea Party protests , grew out of that opposition .
Libertarian heroine Ayn Rand is as popular today as ever .
Rand 's brilliant and radical laissez faire novel " Atlas Shrugged , " sold roughly 300,000 copies last year , according to BookScan , twice its sales in 2008 and roughly triple annual sales in recent decades .
We are witnessing a conservative libertarian comeback .
It 's an oppositional advance , a response to all manners of active - state liberalism since the financial crisis .
It 's a pervasive feeling of invasiveness .
It 's an enduring conclusion among many voters -- independent and conservative , working and middle class alike -- that big government costs in taxes significantly more than it offers them personally .
That belief has been aggravated since late 2008 .
The result ?
The factional bastions of traditional libertarianism , like Washington think tank Cato , now have an intangible and awkward alliance with a broad swath of the American electorate .
Half the public believes there is " too much " government regulation of " business and industry , " an 11 - point rise in one year , according to a December CNN poll .
Nearly a third of the public , in contrast , said there was " too little " regulation .
As David Boaz , Cato 's executive vice president , put it , " because Obama is advancing a big government agenda , it 's the small government constituency in America that is energized . "
There is no wide - ranging call for government to withdraw from social issues however .
A rebirth of traditional libertarianism this is not .
It 's a more limited libertarianism that it is on the march .
Every year , since the early 1990s , the Gallup poll has sought to measure the degree of libertarianism in the American mind .
First question : does the public believe the government is " trying to do too many things that should be left to individuals and businesses ? "
Fifty - seven percent said yes last August , the highest level since 1998 .
Gallup 's second question asks whether Americans believe " government should promote traditional values in our society " or " not favor any particular set of values . "
A traditional libertarian would side with the latter point .
But 53 percent favored the state promoting " traditional values " in 2009 , a five - point rise since 2008 .
Those who believe government is doing " too many things " and should also not favor any moral value system sum to slightly more than a fifth of U.S. adults in recent years .
This is the loose libertarian bloc of American politics .
Today , roughly another third of the electorate allies with this bloc on issues regarding government 's reach into private industry .
Significantly , Gallup finds , 63 percent of independents believe the government is " trying to do too many things " while only 33 percent said government should " do more to solve our country 's problems . "
This limited libertarian resurgence has haunted Obama 's domestic agenda .
The fundamental mistake of the Obama administration in 2009 was underestimating the American public 's ongoing tension with active - state liberalism , a fact visible from the outset and one only belatedly confronted by Obama .
The irony is that the stock market collapse began this revival of active - state liberalism .
The drumbeat of rising anti-government sentiment grew from the financial bailouts that followed .
And yet this libertarian resurgence fractures on one issue , and that 's Wall Street .
Support for regulating the financial sector has grown , even amid the growth of conservative libertarianism .
Six in 10 Americans believe " big financial institutions " have " too much influence over decisions made by the Obama administration , " CNN found .
Asked if there is " too much , too little , or about the right amount of government regulation of the stock market and financial institutions , " 45 percent of Americans said " too little , " while 29 percent said " too much " and 23 percent said " about right . "
Sweeping financial reform remains elusive .
Meanwhile , health care reform has proven unable to escape the rising anti-government sentiment .
Nearly half of the public generally opposes Congressional proposals to overhaul the health care system , while little more than a third support it , according to the Pew Research Center .
The chief reason cited by the legislation 's opponents : " too much government involvement in health care . "
For the first time this decade , more Americans , 50 percent , said providing health care for everyone was not the government 's responsibility according to Gallup .
Three years earlier , 69 percent said it was the government 's responsibility to provide universal health care .
Nick Gillespie , editor of the libertarian publication Reason , sees a straight line between the unpopular financial bailouts , started under the Bush administration , and Democrats ' unpopular health care bill today .
" It 's the rule of the few at the expense of the many , " Gillespie said .
Indeed .
Today 's limited libertarian revival is a response to a sense of overreaching elite technocrats , skepticism of how tax dollars are spent and a fear of intrusive bureaucracy .
Responsiveness to a sense of overreach is the core impulse .
Rand 's radical libertarianism , where man is an ends in himself and the welfare state is fundamentally immoral , was a response to the radically invasive Soviet state that weaned her as a girl .
On a drastically less extreme scale , one side of this American debate could not exist without the other .
The Obama administration brought with it ambitions of a resurgence of FDR and LBJ 's active - state liberalism .
And with it , Obama has revived the enduring American challenge to the state .
University of New Mexico researchers have surpassed themselves in a laser - based cooling project .
Professor Mansoor Sheik - Bahae ( et al. ) and other researchers from the University of Pisa , Italy and the Los Alamos Institute created the world ’s first all - solid - state cryocooler , that can be used from cooling infrared sensors to superconductors .
The method is also known as “ optical refrigeration ” – the process of lowering a solid ’s temperature by shining a laser light on it .
The heat is dissipated from the material via the fluorescence that follows the laser absorption .
Laser cooling is not a new idea .
Back in 1995 , Los Alamos scientists succeeded obtaining a 1 degree cooling of a solid , and then a - 65 °C , starting from room temperature .
Then , the usage of extremely pure materials and the learning of the physics of luminescent crystals led the scientists to build a system that can go even below what is possible with classic thermoelectric ( Peltier ) coolers .
“ We obtained cooling down to 155 Kelvin ( equivalent to - 118 C or - 180 F ) from room temperature using optical refrigeration in a crystal containing Ytterbium ions .
Ytterbium is an element from a group in the period table known as the rare - earths that are extremely efficient in their fluorescence , an essential requirement for optical refrigeration ” said Sheik - Bahae .
“ We expect that material research may soon lead to temperatures dipping below 77 K , the boiling point of liquid nitrogen , and in the future , maybe as low as 10 K will be possible . ”
To achieve their results , the scientists enhanced cooling efficiency by exploiting resonances in the absorption spectrum , growing pure crystals , delicate thermal load management and by trapping laser light in an optical cavity .
“ We tune high power lasers to excite sharp resonances of Ytterbium ions sitting in a fluoride crystalline host , ” explained Denis Seletskiy , one of the graduate students that performed the experiments at UNM .
“ We trap laser light by careful alignment of the optical cavity mirrors inside of a high vacuum chamber .
A specially designed and coated sample chamber allows us to minimize parasitic heat load from the environment .
“ We infer crystal temperature using a technique we developed that allows to measure temperature without making a contact with the sample , further avoiding unnecessary parasitic heat load on the sample .
Combination of all of these ideas and tricks has allowed us to reach 155 K , breaking ‘ Peltier barrier . ’
“ We ’ve set the bar high or low in this case , ” said Sheik - Bahae .
“ We feel 100 K is within reach and also 77 K , the melting point of liquid nitrogen .
In the end , it is primarily materials science that is allowing this breakthrough .
Reaching those temperatures is achievable using high purity crystals . ”
The team will continue their collaboration with researchers from the University of Pisa , Italy , and will further develop small - scale cryocoolers that will definitely help superconductors get in touch with real - life applications and improve the energy efficiency of theoretically any heat - wasting device , from your phone to the grid lines , where needed .
The red line that needs to be drawn from these researchers ’ experiments is that they succeeded breaking the - 170 °C barrier , thus opening new horizons for the above - mentioned superconductor science .
( Visited 70 times , 1 visits today )
There have always been good dogs and bad dogs .
The good dogs come when you call , romp happily with the children and stay off the sofa .
The bad dogs chase after cars , trample the flower beds and pass wind under the coffee table .
Then there are the really bad dogs -- the cat - killers , face - biters and snarling , drooling wretches so mean even their owners want them shot .
Those are Steve Markwell ’s kind of dogs .
FOR THE RECORD :
Dog sanctuary :
In Friday ’s Section A , a photo accompanying an article on a sanctuary for mean dogs in Washington state was credited to Kim Murphy of the Los Angeles Times .
The photo was provided by the Olympic Animal Sanctuary . —
“ When people create these monsters , I think it ’s people ’s responsibility to take care of them .
Not to just kill everything because it ’s inconvenient , ” said Markwell , who operates a sanctuary for canine ne’er - do - wells in the Olympic Peninsula rain forest .
“ The fact that they have their quirks , the extra things you have to be cautious of , in some ways it ’s almost endearing .
It ’s kind of like , the world hates you , but I do n’t , ” he said .
The Olympic Animal Sanctuary caters to the worst of the worst from around the country : dogs who would be euthanized or turned away at any other shelter , and those with records so bad that no animal welfare group would consider adopting them out .
Among the more than 50 animals currently at the sanctuary are domestic coyote mixes , guard dogs who once belonged to drug dealers , cat - killing huskies and one creature who appears to be 90 % wolf and about as interested in being petted as a demon is in being in church on Sunday .
And their rap sheets are impressive .
One of Markwell ’s first clients was a pregnant ex-fighting pit bull named Abby who terrorized the California town of Grapevine , in Kern County , for two weeks -- despite having been shot -- before Markwell was able to coax her into his truck .
After her puppies were born , they were so mean that they largely had to be isolated .
“ If I let him out right now , ” Markwell said , pointing to one of the young toughs who was leaping and snarling behind a glass door , “ he ’d try to kill you .
No doubt about it . ”
Markwell has seen litters of puppies that started trying to kill each other at 7 weeks , and a miniature pinscher who bit off somebody ’s lip and ate the family guinea pig .
Another of Markwell ’s dogs now behaves just fine except for “ the first two seconds ” after he wakes up , when he ’s almost always in a bad mood .
“ He was sleeping next to his dog walker , and he woke up and bit off half her face , ” Markwell said .
“ But it ’s easily manageable : Do n’t sleep with him .
If I ’m sitting with him and he starts to go to sleep , I ’m gonna wake him up and make him leave . ”
The sanctuary ’s most famous inmate is Snaps , a mixed breed who made headlines south of Seattle in June when he attacked two women on the command of his owner , a 15 - year - old girl .
A 63 - year - old woman who had seen the girl and three other youths kicking the dog stopped her car .
The girl grabbed the woman by the hair and began beating her with her cellphone .
One of the girl ’s companions moved in with Snaps , kicking the dog until he began attacking the woman .
Another woman tried to intervene , and Snaps bit her so badly the skin was flayed off her arms .
The youths -- ages 11 , 12 , 13 and 15 -- were arrested , with the dog ’s owner sentenced to 14 months in juvenile detention , and Snaps was facing a probable death sentence until Markwell stepped in .
“ This vicious monster of a dog , he ’s the sweetest thing in the world , ” said Markwell , who often exchanges face kisses with Snaps , one of the few dogs allowed to roam uncaged inside the large industrial building , ringed with kennels , that is the heart of the sanctuary .
Markwell , 34 , never intended to become one of the country ’s chief go - to guys for unmanageable dogs .
But he ’s always had a thing for animals .
When he was 4 , he rescued a rabbit from his uncle ’s fur farm .
As a student at St. Margaret ’s Episcopal School in San Juan Capistrano , he took in unwanted reptiles .
“ I did n’t really understand animal welfare as a movement .
It was a way to get free snakes , ” he said .
“ I had a setup in the closet that my mom did n’t know about .
She was terrified of snakes .
And I had all these boa constrictors .
And these big , carnivorous frogs that ate mice .
And big lizards .
It was something that I totally do n’t condone now . ”
He worked for a while after college on a horse ranch and gravitated toward wildlife rescue -- moving to Washington state in 2003 with the idea of helping dogs who could n’t be helped .
He started out by taking in two or three animals he simply ran into ; others followed , and when his house got too small , he sold it and bought the industrial site that his brood already has outgrown .
Now Markwell gets calls from animal control agencies all over the U.S. that have dogs fit for neither pound nor play yard .
He takes the dog only when he ’s convinced it truly has nowhere else to go .
The sanctuary sits on a quiet side street in Forks , surrounded by woodworking mills and a few houses .
Located in a zone with the highest rainfall totals in the Lower 48 , the facility -- with its high - fenced exercise yard -- is four parts dog and three parts mud , generously intermingled ; Markwell is usually encased in a pungent coating of dirt and dog spit .
At 6 - foot - 2 and 250 pounds , with an arm covered in tattoos , Markwell looks like he could intimidate even some pit bulls .
But , he said , the secret of taming the untamable is not being tough .
It ’s giving dogs their space until they ’re ready to let him in , exuding quiet kindness and corralling like - minded dogs together -- that allows for socialization and management of bad behavior rather than trying to immediately eliminate it .
He scoffs at “ dog whisperers ” and rejects potential volunteers who say they have a “ spiritual kinship ” with animals .
“ I have absolutely no place for people like that because they ’re dangerous , ” he said .
“ What it takes is common sense and experience .
That whole ‘ animals like me ’ -- well , animals like me too .
But I take a really bad bite about once a month .
Let ’s not rely on that as our safety mechanism . ”
Markwell spends most of his time in a kennel of his own , a 9 - foot - by - 7 - foot space with a small computer desk , TV and DVD player .
There , the most haunted dogs -- semi-catatonic animals who have suffered terrible abuse and seem to want nothing more than to be left alone -- live with Markwell for days at a time .
Slowly they start to show some trust , coming up to sniff him when they think he ’s sleeping .
“ It does n’t mean a dog I ’ve had for two years and slept with in my bed is n’t one day going to take a chunk out of me .
It sometimes happens , ” he said .
“ But we ca n’t blame what is essentially a large carnivore for doing what large carnivores do : fighting and killing , ” Markwell said .
“ Dogs and humans are the only living things that are n’t allowed to bite .
Cats are allowed to bite all they want .
Horses are allowed to bite and kick and stamp .
A hamster can bite .
But when a dog bites , we go crazy . ”
Markwell believes that the 4.7 million dog bites reported every year are a woeful underestimate .
“ I would say that there are probably more serious dog bites that take place in the United States every year than there are dogs , ” he said .
“ In effect , every dog bites somebody at least once in its life , which means it goes from being ‘ a serious problem we have to address ’ to just a fact of life . ”
Abby , the terror from Grapevine , now adores being petted -- but will head - butt you enthusiastically if you bend down too close .
The miniature pinscher spends half the time being paraded around in Markwell ’s arms .
But there will always be more really bad dogs , and Markwell is trying to raise $ 500,000 to move to bigger quarters .
He gave a presentation to the Seattle Humane Society last month , but most of his donations come in small amounts from individuals over the sanctuary ’s website , or from people responding to one of his Facebook ads : “ We rescue scary dogs . ”
Right now , a lack of outside space means dogs at the sanctuary must take turns romping in the exercise yard , usually in small groups .
They spend most of their days in cages .
Markwell said he ’s been lucky that most of his neighbors in the run- down lumber mill town , known as the locale for the “ Twilight ” vampire series , are dog-lovers .
Few have raised objections to the sanctuary ’s intimidating sounds .
“ In a town like this , ” he said , “ I ’ve been able to . . . get my reputation established and do a lot of things I ’d have a hard time doing in a place like Seattle . ”
And when the dogs come here , they come to stay , Markwell said .
Over time , he said , his four - legged friends mellow out , and he ’s the one who gets scarier .
In fact , when some local meth addicts showed up asking for pit bulls , Markwell , who does a good growl , turned them away .
“ I said , ‘ Do n’t come around here anymore , ’ ” he said .
“ Tell your friends the dogs are dangerous , but the owner ’s worse . ”
kim.murphy@latimes.com
PETITION : " Do n't let Joe Lieberman win !
Americans need you to stand strong and block any ' compromise ' without a strong public option .
If necessary , demand that Sen. Harry Reid and President Obama support budget reconciliation and pass a bill with just 51 votes -- at which point , Joe Lieberman will be irrelevant and the public option can be made even stronger . "
The White House is urging senators to cave to Joe Lieberman , who opposes any real health reform .
But if senators fight , they can pass a bill with just 51 votes -- making Lieberman irrelevant .
Please sign this petition to progressive Senators Russ Feingold , Bernie Sanders , Roland Burris , and Sherrod Brown :
Key Democrats have said they wo n't support a bill without a strong public option :
BERNIE SANDERS : " [ A ] t the very least there should be a widely accessible public option . "
And : " If we can't do it because we do n't get 60 votes , then there are other ways that we have to proceed .
And I would strongly support those other ways . "
ROLAND BURRIS : " I will not vote for any reform legislation that fails to include a strong public option .
I believe we cannot get meaningful reform without the real competition , lower costs , and accountability that a public option can provide . "
RUSS FEINGOLD : " I do not support proposals that would replace the public option in the bill with a purely private approach .
We need to have some competition for the insurance industry to keep rates down and save taxpayer dollars . "
SHERROD BROWN : " There 's no negotiations as far as I 'm concerned .
We 've compromised the public option three times , maybe four , depending on how you define it .
This bill is not going to continue to become more pro-insurance company . "
BOLD FLASHBACK : " Any plan I sign must include an insurance exchange ... including a public option to increase competition and keep insurance companies honest . " -- Barack Obama
Rupert Hamer was on his fifth assignment in Afghanistan
Sunday Mirror editor 's statement A British journalist has been killed in an explosion in southern Afghanistan , the UK's Ministry of Defence has said .
Sunday Mirror defence correspondent Rupert Hamer , 39 , was embedded with the US Marine Corps when his vehicle was hit by a bomb near Nawa in Helmand .
The father - of - three 's Mirror colleague , photographer Philip Coburn , 43 , is in a serious but stable condition .
Mr Coburn is due to be flown back to the UK on Monday and will be treated at Selly Oak Hospital in Birmingham .
A US marine was also killed in the blast on Saturday , and five marines were seriously injured .
It had initially been reported that an Afghan soldier had also been killed but that was later corrected .
Mr Coburn , from Larne in County Antrim , broke one leg and had the other amputated below the knee , his brother Nigel told the BBC .
' Hugely popular '
The Mirror journalists had flown to the region on New Year 's Eve for a month - long assignment .
Mr Hamer had been a Sunday Mirror journalist for 12 years and was married with children aged six , five and 19 months .
Sunday Mirror editor Tina
Weaver said : " Rupert believed that the only place to report a war was from the front line and , as our defence correspondent , he wanted to be embedded with the US Marines at the start of their vital surge into southern Afghanistan . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
She added : " Affectionately known as Corporal Hamer in the office , he was a gregarious figure , a wonderful friend who was hugely popular with his colleagues . "
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was " deeply saddened by this tragic news " .
He said : " My heartfelt thoughts and sympathies are with the families , friends and colleagues of Rupert and Philip .
" Their courage , skill and dedication to reporting from the front line was incredibly important and ensured that the world could see and read about our heroic troops .
" Their professionalism and commitment to our forces will not be forgotten . "
Sun political editor Tom Newton Dunn , who worked as defence editor alongside Mr Hamer , said : " Rupert was not just an excellent journalist in his field but also a thoroughly nice person and I do n't think he had an enemy in Fleet Street , let alone in the armed forces . "
NI Mirror man hurt in blast A former commander of British forces in Afghanistan , Col Richard Kemp , knew Mr Hamer and said he had worked very closely with the military .
He said : " You wo n't hear a bad word said about him .
He was extremely well liked and well respected as a journalist , he was fearless in his reporting , he would n't let anybody off the hook easily , but he also understood the way the military worked .
" He had great empathy with soldiers in particular on the ground and some of the work he did for the Sunday Mirror without a shadow of a doubt helped improve the lot of the soldier who was fighting in Afghanistan and elsewhere . "
Chris Hughes , the Daily Mirror 's security correspondent , said the atmosphere in the newsroom was one of " deep shock " .
" Lots of people phoning in - journalists and military types phoning in expressing how sad they are to discover that Rupert , who was a friend to many of them , has been killed , " he said .
' Great respect ' Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth said Mr Hamer and Mr Coburn had accompanied him on his most recent trip to Afghanistan .
" I got to know them well and I was impressed by their hard work and professionalism , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Army chief expects fewer losses " My thoughts and deepest sympathies are with the families , friends and colleagues of both men at this extremely distressing time . "
Conservative leader David Cameron sent his condolences to Mr Hamer 's family , adding British journalists in Afghanistan did a " crucial job " .
Mr Hamer is the second foreign journalist to be killed in Afghanistan in recent days .
Michelle Lang , 34 , from Canada 's Calgary Herald , died along with four Canadian soldiers in a roadside bomb attack at the end of December .
News of Mr Hamer 's death came as the head of the Army told BBC Radio 5 live he expected to see fewer British military casualties in Afghanistan from the end of this year .
And General Sir David Richards said he believed it would be possible to bring down the number of troops in Afghanistan in about 18 months .
" The essence of our military operation is likely to remain broadly as it is today , " he said .
" I personally anticipate as we get this business of ' mass ' right - the numbers of boots on the ground , a result of allied enhancements and a growth in the Afghan army and police - that I would see a diminishing level of casualties from the end of this year .
" But it could be a tough year until we reach that . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Many of us grew up playing a variety of different video games , and that those that did n’t have since accepted their importance in mainstream culture .
These games are perhaps some of the most unique and less well - known games ever created … but believe me there is a real reason for that .
1 .
Michael Jackson ’s Moonwalker
Now there is no denying that Michael Jackson has a huge influence on the world of music , and he had some pretty impressive dance moves to boot .
But there is also no denying that this game has to be one of the strangest that I have ever heard of .
In this game Mr. Big has kidnapped children and taken them to the moon , not only that but he plans to launch a laser that will destroy the earth !
Well it is up to Michael Jackson to save the day by performing cool dance moves that shoot out magic rays and destroy enemies .
Link
Gameplay Video 2 . Toilet Kids
I can’t believe I am even saying this but here is a game that is based off a young boy who goes to the bathroom in the middle of the night and gets sucked into the toilet .
The poor kid then finds himself in a world where everyone looks like toilet fixtures and he must make his way to the very end and battle the evil Urinal .
Sadly I am not making this up , and what is worst is that there are games out there that are even more bizarre that this one .
Link
Gameplay Video 3 . The Typing of the Dead
Now this is a game that really is fun to play and a great way to get boys interested in typing .
This was based off
House of the Dead and if you ’ve ever played it , you will notice that this game is exactly the same , with just a few modifications .
Instead of shooting you type your enemies to death , which in an of itself is pretty crazy .
But I cannot help but laugh every time I see one of the game ’s characters with the keyboard strapped to their chest .
But then you laugh even harder when you hear the voice acting .
This game is funny , and fun , but mostly just plain strange .
Link
Gameplay Video 4 . Avoid the Noid
Now it used to be quite common for companies to create interesting marketing campaigns around a specific character .
Then it also became somewhat common to develop a video game based on that character .
Avoid the Noid was the version created by Domino ’s Pizza in which you played a pizza delivery boy , trying to get a pizza to the top floor of a building .
The noids are creatures that want your pizza and they will use a number of different methods in order to get it , including trap doors , water balloons and other booby traps .
Unique and strange , considering this is n’t exactly common .
Link
Gameplay Video 5 . Mr. Mosquito
Now most of us hate mosquitoes , really it should be all of us , but I ’ve learned not to make assumptions , so I am not sure what the reasoning was behind creating this game .
But in this game you play a mosquito that need to extract blood from a family .
You do this by hovering near them and waiting for a spot on their body to flash red , and then you swoop in and start sucking blood .
If are not careful then the human will notice you and you will have to bump certain parts of their body in order to get them to calm down .
None of it makes sense but then again the game probably is n’t supposed to , and for most guys the best part comes when you get to suck blood from the teenage daughter – while she ’s taking a bath .
Link
Gameplay Video 6 . Sneak King
This game is the modern version of advertising coming to video games .
Now Burger King came out with three different games but this one is by far the most bizarre .
You get to play the King and your job is to take over the King ’s task of sneaking up on people and delivering delicious burgers .
Now I do n’t know about you but the idea of the Burger King popping up beside me , sounds a little creepy , yummy but creepy .
In this game you have a number of different tools at your disposal but if you can get through the whole game without laughing every time the King start sneaking around on this tip toes , well then you are stronger than me .
Link
Gameplay Video 7 . Zombie Nation
Now at first though this game sounds cool , why ?
Because it combines zombies and samurai , that ’s why .
But once you see the pictures you start to realize that something is a little off here .
To play the game you control a severed flying samurai head ( not what you were expecting right ? ) and then you shoot at the zombies through your eyeballs .
Now you can upgrade your firepower by rescuing the hostages that jump out of buildings to get away from the zombies , just do n’t ask me where they get to ride on the head because I really do n’t want to know .
Link
Gameplay Video 8 . Katamari Damacy
Now Katamari Damacy has become a very popular game and has been released on a number of different platforms , but if you really start to think about the game , you ’ll find it pretty weird .
The premise of the game is that you are the prince and your father is the King of the Cosmos .
Well he screws up one day and destroys the universe , so now it is up to you to fix everything that he screwed up .
You do this by rolling up objects and creating large balls .
These balls are then brought up to the King who turns them into planets .
The characters look weird , the game play is unique and every time the King talks you really start to wonder just what sort of drugs he is on .
All in all perhaps the most entertaining game on this list .
Link
Gameplay Video 9 . Boong Ga Boong Ga
Alright this game just barely takes second place on this list , and that is really saying a lot .
I had to debate for awhile whether or not it deserved the top spot .
In this arcade game you approach a denim covered butt , yes that is the controller .
Then you get to choose between a number of different characters such as ex-boyfriend , an ex-girlfriend , a mother - in - law , a gold digger , a child molester and more .
Then you get a paddle to hit the demin butt as hard as you can in order to incite pain in your chosen victim .
Once you finish the game a card is dispensed telling the sexual preferences of the character and sometimes prizes are even awarded .
Link
Gameplay Video 10 .
Super Pii Pii Brothers
Here is the undisputed ruler of the weird games genre .
If a game based on peeing into a urinal was not enough for you .
If the fact that you get extra points for peeing on animals was not enough for you .
Then just take a look at the Wii controller harness that comes with this game .
Yes you actually put on a harness that straps the Wii controller to your genital region so that you can practice your peeing skills .
According to the text on the box “ Super Pii Pii Brothers promotes good bathroom skills and allows women to experience for the first time the pleasure of urinating while standing . ”
Yeah that what every woman dreams of experiencing .
Link
Gameplay Video
Video games have always been meant to be a source of entertainment and sometimes a new type of learning tool .
But these games , while some of them are truly entertaining , they stretch the bounds of our imagination more than many would have thought possible .
If you feel daring give these games a try and see if you agree that they are some of the weirdest and most unique games out there .
Written by Stephanie Schoppert – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
Personal Injury Lawyers
In Richmond
When you need dependable and highly attentive client services , we are here to help .
Whether you were injured in an auto accident , or you were a victim of medical malpractice , our law firm can help .
We represent individuals , not the insurance company .
We represent our clients in many different injury cases including : Car accidents
Truck Accidents
Motorcycle Accidents
Pedestrian Accidents
Workplace Injuries
Nursing Home Negligence
Boating Accidents
Medical Malpractice
Hospital Negligence
Head Traumas
Spinal Cord Injuries Learn More About Our Personal Injury Attorneys
Bankruptcy
Do you need a fresh start ?
Are the medical bills mounting ?
Are you presently unemployed ?
Are the credit card collectors calling day and night ?
There is hope to keep your head above water .
We ’ll protect you and show you how you can have a fresh start .
If you are already behind on credit cards , car loans , and other bills , it gets more and more difficult to get caught up again .
Many of our clients come to us after feeling financially trapped with no way to get out .
You do not have to be a slave to your debt any longer .
It is worth it to consider other options when you do not see any way out .
Learn More About Our Bankruptcy Attorneys
Family Law Family legal issues are nearly impossible to resolve on your own .
There are many complex , emotional decisions that have to be made which will affect many relationships for years to come .
Our qualified attorneys will walk you through the difficult decisions you ’re facing .
When significant financial assets or children are involved , it makes the whole situation much more volatile .
While our clients often come to a resolution on their own , there are many other times where the only alternative is fighting for your rights in court .
If your partner will not compromise with you , we can help .
Learn More About Our Family Law attorneys .
Estate Planning Estate planning does n’t have to be complicated .
We can walk you through the entire process quickly with an experienced estate attorney who can ask all the right questions and process your case efficiently .
Plan for the future .
If you are unable to make decisions due to a serious injury , disability or death , who will manage your affairs ?
The stress and heartache that occurs in emergency situations can cause turmoil in families that last generations .
Make it a point to decide how your future will be handled while you still can .
Learn More About Our Estate Planning Attorneys .
Small Business Law Every business comes with no small amount of legal paperwork .
If you are a new business owner , you may not know where to start .
There are mandatory steps you need to take to protect your personal assets and your business against liabilities .
We ’ll help you set up contractual agreements to tie up loose ends and protect all parties .
We also have a team who can help with collections if clients fail to pay past - due bills .
As laws change , we keep up to date with the latest laws passed by the Virginia legislature which could impact your business .
Learn More About Our Small Business Attorneys
Criminal Defense
When your freedom and reputation are in jeopardy , an experienced law firm can give you a fighting chance .
The best time to reach us is as soon as possible .
Early engagement with a criminal law office on your behalf has a way of minimizing the odds of you getting the most serious charges filed against you .
Our attorneys have decades of experience representing clients in criminal law cases .
We help you achieve the best potential income for your situation .
Learn More About Our Criminal Defense Attorneys
Traffic & DUI
We have many years of experience representing our clients in DUI and traffic cases .
Our goal is to protect your driver ’s license and ensure your rights are protected .
If you received a citation for DUI or other traffic violation , there is hope for you .
Learn More About Our Traffic and DUI Attorneys
Civil Litigation
The civil litigation lawyers at Cravens & Noll integrate outstanding trial skills and experience with substantive knowledge of procedural law and litigation strategy , even when it comes to complex civil litigation .
Learn More About Our Complex Civil Litigation Attorneys
A curious case of a woman who believed she was receiving email directly into her body near to where a diamond teddy bear was residing , published in the International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry :
We report the case of an elderly lady with no experience of using a personal computer or internet technology , whose delusional experiences included the direct personal receipt of email .
Ms T , an 84 - year old female with a 40 - year history of schizoaffective disorder , presented with a delusional belief that something precious and of value ‚ Äòfor all people ‚
Äô had been inserted into her body by a doctor in Germany in the 1950s .
She had sought medical help because she believed that an abdominal operative procedure would be necessary to remove a ‚ Äò ‚ Äòrat and a teddy bear made of diamonds ‚
Äô‚Äô that she believed had grown within her .
Following admission , she remained highly guarded , distressed and preoccupied with the need of urgent surgery , which she demanded every time she met her medical team .
When asked about the origins of this belief and her desire for surgery , she said that she had gained knowledge about this from a friend , whom she had seen last in 1945 .
She explained that she received emails from this friend .
These arrived in her mind , exactly like electronic mail , but were managed without a computer .
Rather than receiving messages in text form , she received what she described as ‚ Äòan impression in my mind ‚Äô , which conveyed an unequivocal meaning to her .
She also believed that her friend had some valuable information for the medical team and that he would be able to contact the senior physician by a similar mechanism .
Following 4 weeks of treatment with risperidone 1.0 mg bd her mental state improved to the point where she stopped receiving the emails , gained insight into her primary belief and told us that she was satisfied that surgery was no longer needed .
An employee fills a car with fuel at a petrol station in Tirana in July 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Arben Celi
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Global oil demand this year will reach the highest level since 2007 , with rising consumption led by faster growth in emerging economies in Asia , the International Energy Agency said on Friday .
The Paris - based adviser to 28 industrialised economies trimmed by 20,000 barrels per day ( bpd ) its expectations for the rise in global oil demand this year .
It now sees demand increasing by 1.4 million barrels per day in 2010 .
Outright demand will be 86.3 million bpd , still lower than the 86.5 million bpd used in 2007 , but 10,000 bpd higher than previously forecast .
Consumption has fallen for the last two years .
“ Oil demand in China and Asia has been revised higher by 70,000 bpd from last month , which has more than offset a revision of 60,000 bpd in the OECD , ” said David Fyfe head of the oil industry and markets division of the IEA .
“ By 2011 , we ’re expecting something like another 1 million bpd of growth but it hinges on the economic recovery . ”
Fyfe said the cold winter hitting many members of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development was likely to have a limited impact on oil demand .
Thirty years ago this fall , Milton Bradley released the world 's first handheld video game system with interchangeable cartridges , the Microvision .
Prior to 1979 , handheld electronic games were stuck with one predetermined game ( or set of games ) per unit .
After the Nintendo Game Boy debuted a decade later , the market for cartridge - based handheld devices exploded , inspiring hardware vendors both prominent and obscure to release gadgets for playing multiple games on .
In honor of the technology 's pearl anniversary , let 's take a look at some notable successes and notorious failures in the history of handheld gaming .
This overview is by no means complete , so feel free to share your favorite ( and least favorite ) mobile gaming memories with us .
One caveat :
These game consoles are memorable , but not always in a good way .
In fact , a few of them are on our list of the worst video game systems of all time .
There ’s this copy of Sonic ’s Ultimate Genesis Collection that ’s been sitting on my desk for about a year ( I actually wrote “ three months ” at first , but looked up the release date and found it came out in February of 2009 ) .
I remember being pretty excited about it ; I owned a Genesis back in the day , and that system got me through many after - school and summer afternoon .
The disc is probably the best Sega collection to date , has 40 classic titles plus nine more unlockable games , including a bunch of childhood favorites – Sonic 1 through 3 , Streets of Rage , Ecco the Dolphin , Shinobi – the list goes on and on .
These are the games that defined the 16 - bit era for me as a gamer ( I never had a SNES because I could only have one system as a time when I was a kid , and bought the Genesis because all my friends had it for the NHLPA series ) .
You ’d think I ’d be chomping at the bit to go back and relive the old magic , right ?
But here it sits , still in the shrink - wrap .
Heck , I have n’t even gone to the trouble of actually taking it home yet .
It ’s the same way with all the classic stuff I see up on Xbox Live Arcade .
I keep thinking I should go download some classics , and then I never seem to actually get around to it .
After watching the extremely entertaining Replay video feature the guys put together on Twisted Metal , I started to realize the reason old Sonic is still collecting dust and not in my 360 : I just do n’t care that much about old games anymore .
That ’s not to denigrate their quality or place in history .
Those games got me through a lot of idle hours .
They entertained the hell out of me back then .
I just do n’t want to play them anymore .
For me , they ’ve become the video game equivalent of running into someone in shopping mall who went to your junior high .
It ’s nice to see them and spend a few minutes reminiscing about the old days , but time has moved on and – after about 15 minutes – you start to realize that there ’s not that much to say anymore .
Even worse , and this is especially true of the early 3D games of the PlayStation and Saturn era ; a lot of the old - school “ classics ” seem barely playable by today ’s standards – and butt ugly to boot .
While it ’s a little sad in some ways , the reality is that it ’s a positive thing .
As someone whose first system was the Atari 2600 , I can say absolutely that , by and large , games are just plain better now .
The controls are better .
The graphics are better .
The systems look better and their controllers are more comfortable .
The characters and storylines have gotten deeper and more interesting .
They are less annoying ; you do n’t have to worry about losing all your progress after dying or memorizing convoluted alphanumerical codes to save your progress .
Just looking at 2009 alone , it ’s amazing the amount of diversity we had in gaming .
From big - budget epics like Uncharted 2 and Batman : Arkham Asylum to small , creative gems like Professor Layton and the Diabolical Box , there were more great games to experience than most people even have time to play .
It ’s a real testament to how our industry has matured .
That ’s not to say there ’s not life left in some older styles of games .
Nintendo ’s New Super Mario Bros. Wii and Mario & Luigi : Bower ’s Inside Story were two of my favorite games of last year , and are great examples of how to breath life into older gameplay styles .
In a similar way , Shadow Complex brought the 2D Metroid formula into the modern era .
And , all of these offer me something I ca n’t get from even the old - school games that influenced them : something new .
At this point , I ’d rather play something I have n’t seen than something I ’ve experienced before .
There ’s only so much time , and I ’d rather spend that time on the best today has to offer .
So , I guess this is goodbye , Sonic .
But do n’t worry buddy , we ’ll always have 1992 .
Authorities in Honduras are investigating claims that one of the world 's biggest gold mining corporations has contaminated a valley with toxic heavy metals .
Villagers and non-governmental organisations have accused Goldcorp of killing livestock and making people sick by polluting land and rivers in the Siria valley .
The environmental prosecutor is undertaking an investigation after being presented with evidence that the Canadian corporation 's San Martin opencast mine discharged highly acidic and metal - rich water in 2008 .
The company has denied wrongdoing .
The inquiry comes at a critical time when record gold prices are encouraging other mining corporations to explore fresh sites in Honduras .
Environmentalists fear the impoverished central American country will lift a moratorium on new mining after a new government takes office in January .
Goldcorp is shutting the decade - old San Martin mine after extracting nearly 12,000 tonnes of ore from its forested slopes .
The dynamite explosions have stopped and there are no more ore - laden trucks rattling down rutted , dusty roads .
People in villages bordering the site say the damage is done and the fields and streams are poisoned .
" The water tastes like acid , like something out of a car battery , " said Roger Abraham , vice - president of the Siria Valley Environmental Committee , an activist group .
" It would have been better if the mine never came .
It has done more harm than good . "
He said the damage to the valley would galvanise campaigns against other mines .
" We will use peaceful , social actions to block access .
We can't allow this to be repeated . "
The community 's complaints have been backed by two studies , commissioned by the UK - based advocacy group Cafod .
The studies detected high acidity which could be linked to cyanide " heap - leaching " methods to extract gold from low - grade deposits .
They describe how the process soaks piles of crushed gold ore in a cyanide solution which filters down , leaching out the precious metal from the rock but also releasing other toxic heavy metals such as arsenic , mercury and lead .
Without careful management it can contaminate streams and groundwater .
The first study , by Paul Younger , a Newcastle university hydro - geochemical engineering professor and expert on mine water management , detected acidic mine drainage , whereby sulphides in the rock are exposed to oxygen and water and produce sulphuric acid .
Younger said this can have devastating effects on animals and plants .
A follow - up study by Adam Jarvis and Jaime Amezaga , also of Newcastle University , found evidence of " severe " contamination in the form of highly acidic and metal - rich water from the mine site flowing into a stream used by villagers for agriculture and domestic purposes .
The data was in a previously undisclosed 2008 report by Defomin , Honduras 's mining regulatory authority .
" This new information provides concrete evidence that the San Martin mine has caused pollution in Honduras , " said Sonya Maldar of Cafod .
" Goldcorp must clean up its act so that the people of Siria Valley are not left with a toxic legacy . "
The enviromental prosecutor is reviewing the information and is expected to decide soon whether to prosecute .
Goldcorp did not respond to interview requests for this article .
But in previous public statements , the company denied wrongdoing and said its mining operation and clean - up met the highest international environmental standards and had been vetted by authorities .
The company said Defomin reported in September 2008 that water flowing from Palo Alto pit had been treated to international standards .
" The presence of the mine has had no impact on the quantity or quality of the water in the areas of the San Martin mine , " Goldcorp said in May last year .
In a televised debate in November two senior managers said there was no problem with the discharge of acidic waters .
Honduran authorities , the company said , took water samples during three visits in 2008 and all pH measurements were normal .
They also reviewed and approved the mine closure plan .
A skeleton crew is now cleaning up the area .
" As the site becomes rehabilitated , Goldcorp will cede the land to the San Martin Foundation for commercial agricultural projects , " said the company 's website .
The mine is visible from miles away : an orange - coloured gash from which vegetation and clay have been stripped from the hillside , an incongruous sight in a landscape of meadows and sun-crinkled villagers on horse - back .
A Nevada - based company , Glamis Gold , started mining in 2000 after relocating the village of Palo Ralo .
Entre Mares , a Honduran subsidiary owned by Goldcorp , took over the concession in 2005 .
Initally the project had local support .
As a rural backwater in the western hemisphere 's third poorest country the prospect of good jobs and new houses was welcome , said Rudolfo Arteaga , a Palo Ralo farmer and community activist .
Brick homes were an improvement on adobe and 400 people got temporary work – but the price was too high , he said .
Of 18 riverbeds , 15 were now parched , the alleged result of the mine using up to 220 gallons a minute during operations , according to Cafod .
Crops had withered and , while drought currently afflicts much of central America , Siria 's troubles , said Arteaga , arrived with the mine .
Water was not only scarce , it was contaminated , he said .
Cattle had died – this year 24 carcasses were found on grazing land near the mine – and people suffered respiratory , skin and gastro - intestinal diseases .
Woods had been felled , leaving the area vulnerable to mudslides during tropical storms .
Goldcorp had planted thousands of trees but often used alien species such as eucalyptus , Arteaga said , which sucked up more water .
Concern about environmental damage in Honduras prompted a moratorium on new mining in 2004 but the ban may not survive a political crisis which has left Honduras broke , starved of investment and short of economic options .
Campaigners fear Honduras 's new government , which is due to be sworn in on 27 January , will bow to pressure from the national assembly and mining corporations to permit new explorations .
" In this climate it 's difficult to be optimistic , " said Pedro Landa , executive director of campaign group Caritas in Tegucigalpa .
" There is a lot of pressure for mining to resume . "
Posted 26 January 2010 - 03:30 AM
First off I opened it up some of the screws where hard to turn .
Here are some closer looks for you modders out thereNow these little Bastards are what lock the stock of the gun into the middle section .
When you buy the gun DO NOT put the stock right into the slot it will stick and not be removable unless you open it up .
The simple solution to the HUGE problem is is to just cut the plastic " lips " off .
I cut mine off with some heavy duty scissors .
Now put the clips back in ( do n't forget the screws ) Now you will have a stock that can be put in and removed .
The stock still fits very snugly and is still pretty tough to pull out .
So no performance is lost .
Also I did use the search function and could n't find anything but if this has been done before sorry .
It is after all my first post here .
Edited by Ppowers737 , 26 January 2010 - 03:38 AM .
[ via : WikiLeakS.org presentation at 26C3 - will Iceland become a WikiLeakS.org Publishing Data Haven ? ]
The annual congress held by the German Chaos Computer Club , between Christmas and the New Year , yet again provided WikiLeakS.org with a chance to communicate some of their activities , in front of an enthusiastic , highly information technology literate audience .
Video of the presentation , in several online formats is now available online :
26C3 : Here Be Dragons video recordings
Daniel Schmitt and Julian Assange gave an update of some recent WikiLeakS.org activities :
3567 WikiLeaks Release 1.0 mp4 iProd mp3 ogg
[...]
However , the most interesting part of the WikiLeakS.org talk , was their report on the their trip to Iceland in November .
Julian and Daniel managed to get themselves onto the Icelandic political mainstream media , to talk about the WikiLeakS.org project , because , at the end of August 2009 , WikiLeakS.org published the loan book of the failed Kaupthing Bank .
The whistleblower leak allowed the Icelandic public to see where the missing billions were initially siphoned off to , immediately prior to this bank 's collapse .
The failure of this bank , helped to destroy the current Icelandic economy , and precipitated hitherto unheard of riots in the streets of Reykjavik , and a change in government .
Iceland is trying to restructure its debt laden economy , to take advantage of its almost limitless cheap electricity from green hydro electric and geo - thermal sources , and its small but highly computer literate population of about 300,000 people , and its mid - Atlantic time zone location , by hosting some large computer and internet hosting data centres .
The WikiLeakS.org team suggested that Icelandic legislators should take this opportunity to pass the best free speech , whistleblower protection , personal privacy , data protection , copyright and libel laws etc. , modeled on best practice around the world , to allow Iceland to become a Publication Data Haven .
This idea seems to have impressed some Icelandic legislators , who seem to be preparing some legislation for consideration by the end of this month January 2010 ( another advantage of a small state ) .
Daniel and Julian are rightly sceptical that such plans might succeed , if the Icelandic politicians wait until after Iceland attempts to join the European Union , as there are a lot of vested interests , lobbyists and bureaucrats who would oppose such laws .
The incompetent UK Labour Government , which failed to regulate UK banks and financial institutions , and which precipitated the Icelandic banking collapse , by seizing Icelandic financial assets , in the most insulting way possible , by abusing anti-terrorism money laundering legislation , ( see Icelanders are NOT terrorists ! ) together with the governments of the Netherlands and Denmark etc , , are using the carrot of European Union membership , to pressure / blackmail the Icelanders into promising to pay the debts of this and other failed Icelandic banks , to the often greedy or incompetent investors from those countries , who should have been aware of the commercial risks associated with the " too good to be true " high interest rates being offered .
The Government / Bank failures in the UK or the Netherlands etc. were much larger than the Icelandic ones , but did not affect all of their ffinancial sector in the same way .
Anything black , queer , funk , foul , bright , woman , not - woman , not - not brown , yellow , white , fake , false , cruel , straight , permed , natural , skinny , sexy , sleazy , dead .
Any body without invasion .
Any voice without erasure .
Earlier today I suggested that bloggers go shopping as an observational exercise to help them improve their blogs .
While it is a fairly random idea – I did it myself today and as I sat in the food court of my local shopping establishment I jotted down the following 10 lessons and observations on a napkin :
1. Best Seller Lists Work
One of the things I noticed in a number of stores were best seller lists .
They ranged from the normal books , CD and DVD ones that most of us will have seen before to a jeans store highlighting best selling jeans , a perfume store highlighting popular fragrances and an consumer electronics store highlighting top MP3 players .
This connects pretty closely with a lesson that I wrote about a while back – How to Dramatically Increase Amazon Affiliate Sales with Bestseller Lists .
2. People Want to Be Acknowledged but Not Overwhelmed
Today I must have gone into 50 + stores and as a result saw a lot of different sales techniques .
They ranged from customers being totally ignored ( but sales staff surfing the web , reading magazines and talking to friends on the phone ) through to customers being almost bullied into making purchases by hyped up sales staff who invaded personal space and basically bombarded them with attention .
Blog readers like to be acknowledged , they like some personal attention , they like to feel listened to – but they do n’t want to be bombarded with a hyped up sales pitch .
3. Lines and Waiting in Queues Kill Customer Loyalty
A bank that I went into had a 25 person line in it .
I joined watched on from a distance for a few minutes and witnessed just how frustrated the customers were .
Some entered the bank , took one a look at the line and turned around .
Other grudgingly joined the queue , grumbling to those around them .
One customer had a shouting match with a manager .
We live in a world where people do n’t like waiting and if you make them do so you hurt any relationship or loyalty that you might have built up .
Slow load times on blogs are an issue that many readers get frustrated with .
I know I ’ve lost my fair share of loyal readers as a result of this ( it was one of the main reasons I did my last redesign ) .
4. Sensory Experiences Make a Difference
One of the things I noticed today was how some shops were really aiming at stimulating the senses of their customers .
While most have some sort of music I went into a number of food stores which were giving away tasters / samples of the food they were selling and a confectionary store who is known for spraying the smell of licorice into the air at the front of their store to draw people in .
While I ’m not sure how a blogger can stimulate the taste buds make their blog smell I do know that using pictures , video and audio can really add a new dimension to a blog .
5. Surprise People
The shopping center that I visited today had hundreds of stores and after walking through many of them I felt the effects of sensory overload kicking in ( must have been the licorice smell ) .
One store began to merge into another as the marketing messages mounted up .
However towards the end of my period of observation I walked into a store where the owner greeted me and offered me a free Hot Chocolate .
I was so taken aback by it that it stopped me in my tracks – it grabbed my attention and shook me out of the zombie like shopping stupor that I was in .
I guess this technique was a combination of # 2 and # 4 above – but it also took me by surprise , gave me a story to tell my friends and a memory of an experience that I ’m sure will inform my shopping at some point in the future ( if I ’m ever in the market for a large screen TV – as that was what the store was selling ) .
When it comes to blogging I think there ’s a place for surprises also .
Sometimes a blog can become very humdrum and both readers and the blogger themselves can become complacent .
Throw in a curve ball occasionally , give something away , write a post in a completely different voice or style to normal etc and you might just find a new energy among your readers .
6. People Make Social Decisions
When Buying
On three occasions today I saw customers watching other customers and seemingly making decisions about what they would buy by watching what others were having .
‘ I ’ll have what she ’s having ’ is actually a statement I heard uttered today in the food court !
This social nature was also evident today when I saw two cafes side by side .
One was packed with customers , the other empty .
While I ’d never been to either before and did n’t know what the quality of the empty one was like you can guess which was I was drawn to for my coffee .
While we all like to be individuals , there ’s no doubt that most of us make ‘ social decisions ’ from time to time – whether it be in deciding what to buy , do with our time , put our focus on etc .
The same is true in blogging .
Highlight the fact that others are reading your blog by showing feed subscriber numbers , drawing attention to recent comments and involving your readers and you ’ll find new people more willing to join in and become loyal readers too .
7. Quiet Times are Opportunities
One lesson that I learned from a resourceful shop assistant was that quiet patches in a shop are not something to bemoan – but are actually opportunities to do other things .
I watched this sales person rushed off her feet with customers for a few minutes and then suddenly in an empty store .
Instead of slumping down in exhaustion at having a spare moment she took the break in customers to restock shelves .
Most blogs have peaks and troughs when it comes to traffic .
I know some bloggers get really down when traffic is down – however perhaps it ’d be better to see the quiet patch as an opportunity to ‘ restock ’ – or do some of the little tasks that we often do n’t have time to do that go into making a successful blog ( tasks like many that I ’ve been talking about in the 31 Day Project ) .
8. Up Selling Works
“ Do you want fries with that ? ” as an up selling strategy is perhaps one of the most common sales techniques used – and for good reason – it works .
I saw a variety of up selling techniques used today ranging from ‘ upsizing ’ meals , to sales assistants suggesting accessories that would match clothes , to 2 for 1 deals ( just to name a few ) .
Up selling on a blog is a little different because in most cases the ‘ sell ’ is n’t an actual product ( although more and more bloggers are selling actual products ) .
The application that came to mind as I observed up selling today was selling readers on extra things to read and do on a blog .
Suggesting another article to read , a poll to participate in , a feed or newsletter to subscribe to , a video to watch or a conversation to join into are all examples of extra things you can get readers to do that increases the chances of them continuing the relationship with you .
9. Positioning is Everything
In different parts of the shopping centre that I was at today there were two homeware shops that were almost identical to one another .
One was in the heart of the complex and the other on the outskirts in a section that was difficult to get to .
You can guess which had the customers and which looked like it was about to go out of business .
The one in the middle of the action was thriving .
This is relevant for bloggers on two fronts .
Firstly in the positioning of their different design elements .
For example if you want to get clicks on ads , you need to position them on parts of your blog that will naturally draw the eye .
If you want to get subscribers to your blog – you need to place the subscription methods in the ‘ hot spots ’ etc .
Secondly the lesson of positioning is highly relevant for the overall marketing of your blog .
Learn to place your blog on busy intersections of activity on the web and you can grow your blog quite quickly .
10 . Some Shop to Belong
The last thing I noticed today as I saw in the food court reflecting upon the experience was that there were a lot of people wandering around that were not buying anything .
Many of them were alone and seemed to just be ‘ hanging out ’ .
At this point I got chatting to an older gentleman on the next table to me who had been watching me writing away on my napkin .
I asked him what he was shopping for today and he told me that he did n’t come to the shopping centre to shop – but because he just liked to be around people .
He lived alone and came down each day for a ‘ bit of a wander ’ to see what people were doing .
I suspect that many people use the web in a similar way .
We all long to connect , to be a part of something bigger than ourselves and to have community .
Build a blog that draws people in and gives people a sense of belonging and I suspect you ’ll build something that matters to people .
POST UPDATED at 4 p.m. :
Just about 3 percent of every donation made to
via credit card goes to pay swipe fees to payment networks and banks .
So it came as a relief to the Portland - based relief organization that , perhaps thanks to
from the Huffington Post , major credit card companies will
for donations to Haiti .
" It is certainly something that we ’re very encouraged by , " said Sylvia Ross , spokeswoman with Portland - based Mercy Corps .
Great
from the HuffPost , by the way , on how these payment networks and banks have profited off past disasters .
Visa , Master Card and American Express said yesterday they would waive
swipe fees on some donations .
Ross said Mercy Corps only has been able to confirm that Wells Fargo Bank will waive fees .
Her colleagues have n't had time to contact other banks .
Mercy Corps among charities eligible for the waiver .
Visa Inc. listed Mercy Corps among charities eligible for the waiver .
MasterCard Worldwide listed only The American Red Cross , AmeriCares , UNICEF , Save the Children , Doctors Without Borders , United Way and CARE USA as receiving the waiver .
Tigard - based
was not on either list , but it is part of the
aid - group coalition , whose members
would receive merchant fee refunds .
today it would waive fees on donations to The American Red Cross .
" The whole effort is still in its infancy at this point , " Ross said .
Mercy Corps has received $ 3.5 million in donations since Tuesday toward relief in Haiti .
She believes any donation received since the response began will have swipe fees waived .
Mercy Corps has planned to negotiate lower fees in the future , Ross said .
She hopes maybe this response will lead to a permanent reduction or elimination of the fees for relief agencies .
" We kind of look at this as the way credit card companies are ( donating ) , " she said .
" Because that ’s money that ’s going to go back to the mission . "
Haiti earthquake
More coverage from The Oregonian and The Associated Press
»
»
»
Also , if you 're thinking of helping , follow relief - aid workers '
about what NOT to do at
.
Mainly : Give to established relief organizations ( they 're more efficient and able to get help on the ground ) and DON'T GO TO HAITI !!!!!
( Hattip :
)
Know also that donors can text " Haiti " to 90999 on their cell phone to send a $ 10 donation to support Red Cross relief efforts in Haiti , according to The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants .
And you can look up how much a charity spends on missions vs. internal expenses at
, or register at
to look up nonprofit federal tax returns .
Info : Size : [ *.mkv ] : 557 MB ( 584 393 675 B ) Lenght : 00:23:07 hVideo : MPEG4 Video ( H264 ) 1280x720 23.98 fps 2854 kbpsAudio : Dolby AC3 44,1 kHz 3ch 448 kbps [ English ( Audio 1 ) ]
Language : englishSubtitles : NOPerfect quality HD rip ( 1280x720 ) directly from the original .
Very interesting documentary about the making of the film .
Screenshot :
Four Problems with Spontaneous Order
Among scholars of freedom , few are more admired than the polymathic Friedrich Hayek , who helped articulate the case for liberty in economics , law , politics , and other disciplines .
Perhaps his most famous idea is that social mores or legal rules can emerge as a result of particular individuals acting on local knowledge — and therefore that economic and political order need not be designed and implemented by conscious planning .
Indeed , economic and political orders are so complex , and involve so much scattered and inarticulable information , that no central authority could harness the details required to design them .
In a free society , countless individuals managing their own affairs end up cooperating without realizing it , thanks to the choices they make based on their limited information .
The whole institution grows from the bottom up .
This “ spontaneous order , ” Hayek argued , is a dynamic discovery process , in which people can experiment with new social mores , or new laws , just as they might with new technologies .
As he put it in The Constitution of Liberty , “ [t ] he existence of individuals and groups simultaneously observing partially different rules provides the opportunity for the selection of more effective ones . ”
Hayek contrasted this with “ rational constructivism ” : that is , the effort to construct an order through top - down planning that coordinates individual actions toward some chosen end .
Government bureaucracies and socialized industries are constructed orders , which Hayek defined as “ relatively simple , or at least necessarily confined to such moderate degrees of complexity as the maker can still survey … usually concrete , in the sense … that their existence can be intuitively perceived by inspection , and … they invariably do ( or at one time did ) serve a purpose of the maker . ”
This is a useful observation , so far as it goes .
Unfortunately , Hayek went further .
In Law , Legislation and Liberty , he used this observation as the foundation for a critique of constructivism .
In short , Hayek argues that we ought to prefer spontaneously generated orders and resist efforts to construct and impose intentional and purposive institutions .
But , as I explain more thoroughly in “ Some Problems with Spontaneous Order , ” there are four major problems with his argument : ( 1 ) The difference between constructed and spontaneous orders is not a difference in principle .
Indeed , the difference turns out to depend solely on the observer ’s choice of perspective .
This means that ( 2 ) while spontaneous order is descriptively useful , it provides no basis for a normative critique of constructivism , just as the concept of evolution by natural selection cannot tell us whether a lion should eat any particular antelope .
In fact , ( 3 ) unless all orders that persist are ipso facto just , then the concept of spontaneous order gives us no basis for recognizing an unjust order .
Hayek tried to resolve this problem by incorporating intentional planning into the process of spontaneous order , but this meant that ( 4 ) remedying injustice requires “ rational constructivism , ” which leads us back to problem ( 1 ) .
1. The Difference Between Spontaneous and Constructed Orders
The distinction between spontaneous and constructed orders dissolves upon rigorous inspection .
Any action by any individual or firm in the market looks on close - up view like a constructed , artificial order .
But take three steps back , and from a distance the same action looks like part of the bustling , experimental give and take of spontaneous order .
If a company adopts a new policy for handling paperwork or manufacturing some product , that policy — the brainchild of an executive who decided to impose the policy from the top down — is surely a constructed order ; it is “ relatively simple , ” “ concrete , ” and “ serve[s ] a purpose of the maker . ”
But from the perspective of the economy as a whole , that same policy is just a single experimental new idea , a crucial ingredient in spontaneous order : “ [t ] he existence of individuals and groups simultaneously observing partially different rules provides the opportunity for the selection of more effective ones . ”
Consider an exchange between Judge Richard Posner and economist Donald Boureaux in the NYU Journal of Law and Liberty .
Posner commented that Hayek ’s belief in spontaneous order was “ in considerable tension with his great admiration for the Constitution of the United States , ” because the Constitution was a written plan of government formulated by experts — a constructed order .
But Boudreaux disagreed : the Constitution ’s authors “ did not seek to create all or even most law de novo , ” or “ to replace wholesale one set of laws with another . ”
Rather , they incorporated “ [t ] he evolved common law rooted in English experience and modified by more recent experience in the colonies . ”
Both Posner and Boudreaux were right .
The Constitution was rationally constructed , if looked at up close — but it was also the product of a spontaneous order , seen in the context of the history of Anglo - American common law .
One cannot distinguish between spontaneous and constructed orders on the basis that Boudreaux suggests — that spontaneous orders incorporate the ideas learned from past experience — because no constructed order is entirely brand new .
“ No system of law , ” Hayek admits , “ has ever been designed as a whole , and even the various attempts at codification could do no more than systematize an existing body of law , and in doing so supplement it or eliminate inconsistencies . ”
Even the most sophisticated bureaucratic , top - down plan is going to incorporate lessons learned through historical experience .
In other words , the “ partially different rules ” that compete in the spontaneous order are necessarily “ constructed ” ones .
And because Hayek incorporates these elements of constructivism into his account of spontaneous order , he ends up making it impossible to discriminate between a spontaneous and a constructed order .
Hayek exploited his concept ’s flexibility when he said that “ deliberate efforts … [ to ] improve the existing system by laying down new rules ” were actually consistent with the principle of spontaneous order because “ it remains true that the system of rules as a whole does not owe its structure to the design ” of planners .
The phrase “ as a whole ” is doing all the work here .
As a whole , no order is constructed .
The term “ as a whole ” here represents Hayek taking a convenient and unwarranted step back to look at the system through a lens so wide that anything , no matter how rationally constructed , can still qualify as part of the spontaneous order .
This trick renders the distinction between spontaneous and constructed order trivial , or , worse , rhetorical .
If the observer draws a circle narrowly around a single transaction , a single reform proposal , a single firm , a single state , or a single nation , then the order appears constructed .
But take a step back and look at the transaction in the context of the multitude of interactions between individuals and firms — “ the system of rules as a whole ” — and even the most radical , state - implemented reform is just a tiny experimental particle in the flux of spontaneous order .
The difference between constructed and spontaneous orders , in fact , begins to look more like the difference between microevolution and macroevolution in biology .
Whatever use that distinction might have in some contexts , it is not a distinction in principle : all evolution is microevolution ; macroevolution is just an accumulation of microevolutionary changes over the course of aeons .
2. The Normative Critique of Constructed Order
If there ’s no conceptual distinction between constructed and spontaneous order , there can be no foundation for a normative critique of constructed orders .
It is true that order can emerge from particular actions , but that is not a good argument against implementing planned or constructed approaches to social problems .
If a bureaucrat proposes a top - down , rational plan for economic or social organization , the Hayekian cannot object that doing so will disrupt the development of spontaneous order ; indeed , that plan is a product of the spontaneous order — and , of course , new spontaneous orders will grow up around it once implemented .
Hayek recognized that spontaneous orders generally include , or are made up of , constructed elements : a spontaneous order , he wrote , is a process “ in the course of which spontaneous growth of customs and deliberate improvements of the particulars of an existing system have constantly interacted . ”
But the boundaries of this interaction are so imprecise that the idea of spontaneous order loses all strength as a basis for criticizing rational constructivism .
Consider , for example , an architect designing a college campus , who wants to decide where to put the sidewalks between the buildings .
The “ constructivist ” solution is to draw lines where the students “ ought ” to walk , and put sidewalks there .
But a Hayekian advises the architect to wait a year and see where the students choose to walk , and then put the sidewalks there , products of a spontaneous order .
The architect takes this advice , but a year later , when he goes to install the sidewalks , he meets his Hayekian friend again , who urges him to stop and wait another year !
After all , the student body has changed in the interim ; rooms were reassigned , and various other factors have reordered the students ’ preferences .
To put in sidewalks now would be to handicap the dynamic , ever - changing spontaneous order .
Every year , he is met with the same advice !
Spontaneous orders always evolve , and whenever anyone tries to implement a “ discovered ” rule , the same objection applies .
( Of course , Hayek recognized that discovered rules must eventually be implemented , but as we ’ll see , his response to this creates even more problems . )
Hayek seems to argue that lawyers and economists ought only to aim at improving the process of spontaneous order , rather than focusing on results : “ we can preserve an order of such complexity not by the method of directing the members , but only indirectly by enforcing and improving the rules conducive to the formation of a spontaneous order . ”
But everything is “ conducive to the formation of a spontaneous order ” in one way or another , including coercive institutions .
The many accountants who make a living helping fill out tax forms are testament to this .
If spontaneous order incorporates constructed or coercive elements , then it cannot serve as a basis for criticizing constructivism or coercion .
As I said before , biological evolution is a spontaneous order process , but it cannot tell any particular lion whether or not to eat any particular antelope , because either way , that choice is incorporated into the process of evolution .
Likewise , spontaneous order can give us no guidance about whether any particular rationally constructed plan should or should not be implemented .
3. Recognizing Injustice
Hayek does not fall into the Panglossian trap of arguing that whatever rules happen to persist through social evolution are ipso facto good ( although he comes close at times ) .
But his recognition that there may be “ occasions when it is recognized that some hereto accepted rules are unjust in the light of more general principles of justice ” raises a new problem : how does one recognize unjust rules ?
Where do we get the “ general principles of justice ” against which to compare the existing order ?
Hayek ’s antirationalism leads him to reject the idea of “ construct[ing ] social rules by deduction from explicit premises . ”
Indeed , he goes further : the individual mind is “ itself the product of the same process of evolution to which the institutions of society are due , ” and is “ embedded in a traditional impersonal structure of learnt rules ” so that “ its capacity to order experience is a replica of cultural patterns which every individual mind finds given . ”
The process of cultural evolution actually “ creates reason , ” and philosophy ’s “ great error ” is the idea “ that the intuitively perceived ethical values , divined out of the depth of man ’s breast , [ are ] immutable and eternal . ”
But if the mind really is socially constructed , it would be untenable for the individual to criticize his social order by comparing it to some abstract notion of justice .
As Chandran Kukathas puts it , Hayek ’s premise would make it impossible to “ stand outside the evolutionary process to evaluate different states of affairs that rational action might lead to . ”
So despite Hayek ’s ( inconsistent ) invocation of the “ indispensable ” necessity of “ an ideal picture of a society which may not be wholly achievable , ” it is not possible for the citizen of a spontaneous order to take steps toward reform without violating his precepts .
The bulk of Hayek ’s writing is devoted to attacking the constructivist impulse to impose designed , purposive schemes for making society conform to abstract ideals .
Laws , he contends , should be purpose - independent — which means that , just as it is “ nonsensical to judge the concrete results of competition by some preconception of the products it ‘ ought ’ to bring forth , ” it is equally nonsensical to judge the concrete results of a rule by some preconception of the outcomes it “ ought ” to produce .
An undesirable particular outcome cannot signal the need to revise the rule that produced it .
The only way Hayek can include social reform in his theory is to devise some account of “ immanent ” social criticism — criticism that comes not from philosophical abstractions , but is endogenous , and generated by the process of spontaneous order itself .
This immediately suggests to Hayek that rules can and should be reformed when they prove inconsistent with other rules .
This is the only basis for social criticism that Hayek seriously offers ; he makes no effort to explain the origin or basis of the other values he sometimes mentions , like non-coercion .
He chooses consistency because it seems more neutral , internal , and process - oriented than abstractions like justice .
But in fact it is n’t .
Consistency is not itself an immanent or endogenous value .
Inconsistency , like anything else , may very well be perfectly tolerable to members of society .
In the days of slavery , white southerners were happy to live in a system that treated blacks differently , and when necessary , antebellum judges often resolved inconsistencies in the law of slavery by simply declaring slaves to be sui generis , subject to unique rules ( which does formally eliminate the logical consistency ) or by treating them more consistently like property .
Consistency is not an adequate substitute for justice .
Yet Hayek believes that justice “ depends on the requirements of an existing order to which we are committed . ”
Why should one be “ committed ” to that existing order ?
And , if we should be , why we should one ever seek to reform the existing order by eliminating inconsistencies that might actually strengthen it in ways we cannot understand ?
At most , Hayek ’s advice to reformers is “ be careful ” — but that cannot serve as a meaningful guide to action in any particular situation .
4. Reforming Injustice
Hayek ’s search for an “ immanent ” social reform is handicapped even more by his reverence for tradition .
If we ought to “ submi[t ] to undesigned rules and conventions whose significance and importance we largely do not understand , ” how are we to tell whether an inconsistency in the rules is real or merely apparent , or whether it ought to be eliminated or retained ?
Idealistic youths in the 1960s might have thought segregation inconsistent and senseless , but if they were counseled to revere conventions whose significance they could not understand , they would not have become freedom riders .
Only abstract notions of justice , derived not from mere experience , but by “ rationalistic ” thinking , can lead to reform of long - standing , traditional injustices .
Hayek does try to incorporate this rationalistic reform into his account of spontaneous order , but only at the cost of stretching that conception so widely as to encompass any state of affairs , and thus render the observation trivial , as noted in part I above .
To again quote Kukathas , “ if ‘ reason ’ must be viewed as merely an aspect of the development of social order … not only does it become impossible to distinguish spontaneous processes from constructed organizations , but the very idea of criticism and social reform becomes illusory . ”
In Law , Legislation , And Liberty , Hayek struggles and fails to explain how injustice can be eliminated consistently with respect for spontaneous order .
He argues that judges should reform faulty rules through “ piecemeal tinkering , ” but because there is no principled distinction between spontaneous and constructed orders , it is also impossible to distinguish between the rational constructivism that Hayek attacks and the “ piecemeal tinkering ” he defends .
Consider Lawrence v. Texas , the U.S. Supreme Court decision striking down a Texas law against private , consensual homosexual sex between adults .
Many states had such laws , and they were nothing new .
Moral condemnation of homosexuality is an ancient custom , a product of spontaneous order , the purpose of which many cannot justify or understand — it is , in Hayek ’s words , “ part of a moral tradition of the community , a common ideal shared and unquestioningly accepted by the majority . ”
For the Court to declare those laws unconstitutional based on rationalistic individualism was surely a radical reworking of the social order !
Unsurprisingly , conservatives have employed Hayek ’s arguments in criticizing courts that rule in favor of gay rights .
But on the other hand , many Americans regarded the Texas law as ( in the words of one justice ) “ uncommonly silly , ” and such laws seem to have been seldom enforced .
The majority opinion in Lawrence forcefully marshaled precedent and moral and political arguments accepted by many people to conclude that such laws contradict Constitutional protections for individual liberty .
Indeed , the justices made a strong argument that they were simply making the law more consistent with fundamental American values — just as Hayek recommended when he wrote that judges should “ fill ” in legal “ gaps ” by “ appeal[ing ] to yet unarticulated principles ” that are “ required by the rationale of the existing order , ” and are “ likely to receive general consent . ”
Judges , he writes , should overthrow existing rules “ if they are in conflict with the general sense of justice . ”
Unsurprisingly , Hayekian arguments have also been used to defend judicial expansions of gay rights .
So was Lawrence a major rationalistic overhaul of American law , or was it just a piecemeal , immanent change ?
Once again , it ’s all a matter of perspective .
Conclusion
Rules ,
Hayek tells us ,
will in their first instance be the product of spontaneous growth , [ but ] their gradual perfection will require the deliberate efforts of judges ( or others learned in the law ) who will improve the existing system by laying down new rules … .
Yet it remains still true that the system of rules as a whole does not owe its structure to the design of either judges or legislatures .
It is the outcome of a process of evolution in the course of which spontaneous growth of customs and deliberate improvements of the particulars of an existing system have constantly interacted .
Under these criteria , any system of rules , and any decision by a judge — whether for the plaintiff or the defendant , or supporting , abolishing , or refining any existing rule — is just a benign part of the spontaneous order .
Nothing a planner can do — and everything a planner can do — would violate Hayek ’s precepts .
Animated GIFs : Have They Matured From Annoying to Artsy ?
Back in the early days of the internet , animated GIFs were the bane of just about everyone .
Their annoying , jarring graphics and often painfully bright colors were enough to make anyone crazy .
Particularly irritating was when they were used as avatars in chat rooms or forums , and we ’d have to watch their stupid dancing polar bear dancing or sneezing kitten a thousand times before finally just leaving the page in frustration .
Some people still use the unfortunately annoying animated GIFs , but there ’s a whole new crop of artists who are using this long - maligned vehicle to express their creativity .
The above GIFs , from artist David Ope ( also known online as dvdp ) are markedly more mature than those that we raised in the 80s and 90s remember .
Their existence does n’t seem to center on the desire to draw attention or to frustrate ; rather , they are simply beautiful , mesmerizing pieces of art .
There ’s a certain amount of nostalgia in these pieces ; it seems to suggest that the creators grew up in the era where the animated GIF was an ever - present Web element .
And although it ’s largely fallen out of favor in Web design ( thankfully ) this new , more mature generation of the animated GIF is taking it in an entirely new , extremely creative direction .
That ’s a common theme in this new generation of animated GIFs : they are more art than novelty .
Anyone who has seen a tiled animation used as a background for a web page knows that the constant looping motion can quickly become intolerable .
But the animated GIFs being created today are more of an underground art movement than a momentary distraction .
The above animations from Sweet GIFs come from several different contributors , indicating that there is a thriving community of artists and designers dedicated to preserving and promoting the image format .
Oh Tennessee , you have been in rare form recently .
The latest tale comes to us courtesy of Nicholas Nunley , who hooked a Coke machine to his pickup outside a Dollar General then began dragging it down the road .
Advertisement
Amazingly , an eyewitness noticed the one truck on the road with a vending machine engulfed in sparks dragging behind , and called the police .
Apparently unfamiliar with the effect of drag , Nunley tried unsuccessfully to evade capture .
After a Taser relaxation session , Nunley was hauled off to prison , where he is undoubtedly comparing notes with the Hill family from Walmart .
[ NBC - 2 via Arbroth via Neatorama ]
“ Being John Daly , ” a reality television series focusing on his latest attempt to put his life and his game back on track , will have its premiere on the Golf Channel on March 2 .
A fan favorite , Daly has five PGA Tour victories , including two major championships , but drinking , gambling and marriage problems have plagued his career .
Daly , 43 , lives in Dardanelle , Ark. , where he owns the Lions Den Golf Club .
He says he has shed 116 pounds , and is expected to begin his comeback this week at the Sony Open in Honolulu .
VINCENT M. MALLOZZI Q . What can we expect to learn about you from watching your new show ?
A. Well , for one thing , I no longer do the wild and crazy things I used to do .
I ’m 43 now , and I think age gets all of that craziness out of your system .
I ’ve also lost a lot of weight through lap - band surgery , so I feel a whole lot better .
I ’ve had a lot of fun shooting the last six episodes .
I ’ve golfed in many beautiful European cities during that time .
Q. How much weight did you lose , and how will it affect your career ?
A. I ’m down from 298 pounds to 182 .
Despite my weight , I always managed to get by on raw talent ; I never really had to work at it .
But if the lap - band surgery had been around when I started my career , I would have a completely different résumé today .
Right now , losing the weight has me in a great frame of mind .
Q . Are you still dealing with any personal issues ?
A . As far as the demons go , I ’m not battling anything right now .
I have surrounded myself with really good people in my life .
Before , I made a lot of really bad decisions because there were a lot of bad people around me who I thought were my friends , people I loaned a lot of money to over the years .
Of course , I never received any of that money back , and all of those people were not around the last two or three years when most of my money ran out .
( CNN ) --
In a messy drug bust this week , investigators uncovered more than 700 pounds of marijuana stuffed in a septic tank truck full of human waste , Arizona police said Friday .
And the search of the truck was as awful as it sounds .
" Yeah , that really does suck , " Arizona Department of Public Safety spokesman Bart Graves told CNN .
" It 's a long way to go to make a bust . "
Hidden in the holding tank of the truck were 743 pounds of pot , worth about $ 409,000 on the street , police said in a news release .
An officer pulled over the septic tank truck Wednesday after a check of the license showed it was invalid , police said .
The truck was headed northbound on I - 19 and stopped about 35 miles south of Tucson , Arizona .
Police patrolling the area tend to be more vigilant , Graves said , because the interstate -- which leads directly to Mexico -- is a major thoroughfare for drug and human trafficking .
After the stop , the officer discovered that the commercial vehicle markings on the truck were also invalid .
A subsequent search revealed the bales of marijuana in red and orange packages amid the waste .
" It just shows how desperate these drug cartels are , " Graves said .
" They 'll go to any lengths to conceal their product .
We 've seen it concealed [ among ] watermelons , bell peppers .
This is the first time we 've seen it concealed in human waste . "
Police arrested the driver , Leonard Salcido , 24 , of Tucson , and charged him with possession of marijuana , possession of marijuana for sale and transportation of marijuana , police said .
The bust was not the largest for Arizona police .
In 2008 , police found more than 2,000 pounds of marijuana in a fake UPS truck , Graves said .
Wednesday 's smelly pot was just one major bust this week .
On Thursday , police confiscated $ 681,000 worth of methamphetamine concealed in the false floor of a vehicle .
The driver was stopped for speeding on I - 17 near Camp Verde , Arizona , police said .
The officer asked to search the vehicle and found 15 pounds of meth , police said .
Mysterious Assassination in Iran Who Killed Masoud Ali Mohammadi ?
The recent assassination of physicist Masoud Ali Mohammadi in Tehran was baffling even by Iranian standards .
The regime claims he was murdered by foreign agents , while some observers think he may have been killed to warn other opposition supporters .
There is even speculation that Hezbollah was involved .
There 's a heated turf war going on inside the New York Times over the iPad , pitting print die - hards against people focused on the Times ' digital future .
The outcome will determine pricing for some marquee content on Apple 's tablet .
The internal fight might also determine how relevant — and profitable — the nation 's most prominent newspaper can remain in the digital future .
Which is probably why there 's reportedly so much sniping over who gets to control the iPad edition internally .
On one side , a Times source explains , you have print circulation , which thinks it should control the iPad since it 's just another way to distribute the paper .
They 'd like to charge $ 20 to $ 30 per month for the Times ' forthcoming iPad app , basically the product already demonstrated on stage with Steve Jobs , the source said .
Why so much ?
Because they 're said to be afraid people will cancel the print paper if they can get the same thing on their iPad .
Nevermind that iPad distribution comes with none of the paper or delivery costs associated with print , or that there 's already a free electronic edition available to subscribers who cancel .
On the other side , you have the Times ' digital operation , which is pushing to charge $ 10 per month for the iPad edition and is said to be up in arms over print circulation 's pricing .
The digital side will provide interactive content for the iPad no matter what happens , but does not want print circulation to have control of pricing , marketing and other facets of the product .
It 's something of an uphill battle since print circ has had control of other e-editions , for example for the Kindle , which are also seen on the digital side as overpriced .
The dispute has apparently escalated all the way to the top of the Times Building , and top executives — presumably the same ones who secretly dined with Apple CEO Steve Jobs — are now debating which way to go .
Among those supporting the $ 20 - 30 per month print circulation side is , we 're told , New York Times Media Group president Scott Heekin - Canedy .
Even by the standards of the old - fashioned Times , it would be shockingly retrograde to charge such a huge sum for internet content to protect the fading print edition .
It would also be self defeating , exploding the paper 's best chance yet to charge readers for its digital product .
( Even at $ 10 per month , the iPad Times will have to compete with the free - through - 2011 Web edition . )
But it 's almost as shocking that the Times Company is having a discussion over this question at all .
Really ?
You 're going to ruin this little gift from Steve Jobs ?
You 're still not sure if you 're ready to commit to this internet thing ?
Sigh .
If you know more about this debate , or similar debates at other publishers , we 'd love to hear from you .
Update Feb .
17 : Several readers and email correspondents have asked why the New York Times is even debating pricing for the iPad edition , given that it is essentially a clone of the Times Reader for regular computers , and given that the regular computer Times Reader costs $ 14.95 per month .
The answer is in this followup post .
by Miguel de Icaza
About nine months ago we released MonoDevelop 2.0 and Mono 2.4 .
Today we are releasing the much anticipated upgrades to both .
Mono 2.6 and MonoDevelop 2.2 .
For those in a hurry , binaries and source are available from :
And if you want a quick mnemonic to remember this release , just think debugger !
and cross platform .
The Mono team and contributors worked on this release like we have never worked before .
Thanks to everyone that reported bugs , filed feature requests , contributed code and helped newcomers with Mono .
Mono 2.6 highlights :
WCF client and server , the subset exposed by Silverlight 2.0 .
LLVM support , to improve performance on server / computational loads .
Continuations / Co-routine framework Mono .
Tasklets ( background info )
LINQ to SQL using DbLinq .
New Soft Debugger , integrated with MonoDevelop on Unix and OSX ( background ) .
System .IO .
Packaging .
csharp shell now supports auto - completion ( press tab to complete )
xbuild can now build most msbuild projects .
Mono debuts a verifier and security sandbox ( used by Moonlight ) .
More complete 3.5 API coverage .
This release includes Microsoft 's open sourced ASP.
NET MVC , ASP.NET AJAX and Microsoft's Dynamic Language Runtime .
Faster and slimmer .
MonoDevelop 2.2 highlights ( screenshots here and here ) :
MonoDevelop code is now LGPLv2 and MIT X11 licensed .
We have removed all of the GPL code , allowing addins to use Apache , MS - PL code as well as allowing proprietary add-ins to be used with MonoDevelop ( like RemObject 's Oxygene ) .
User interface improvements : the first thing that MonoDevelop users will notice is that we have upgraded the UI to fit modern ideas .
We borrowed ideas from Chrome , Firefox , Visual Studio , Eclipse and XCode .
ASP .NET MVC support , you can now develop , debug and build ASP .
NET MVC applications from MonoDevelop .
New T4 Macro processor ( Text Template Transformation Toolkit ) integrated directly into the IDE ( Mono 's T4 is also available as a reusable library for use and abuse in your own programs ) .
Moonlight Project Support : you can now build , debug and run Moonlight applications using MonoDevelop .
New MacOS and Windows support .
Check our feature matrix for details .
New Debugger support allows debugging Console , Gtk# , ASP .
NET , iPhone and Moonlight applications .
Extensive text editor improvements : Dynamic abbrev ( Just like Emacs ' Alt -/)
Code generator ( Alt - Insert ) Acronym matching Code templates Block selection C# Formatter
New refactoring commands : Inline Rename ( see screenshot ) .
Resolve Namespace Rename Refactoring with Preview Extract Method Declare Local Variable Integrate Temporary Variable Introduce Constant Move Type to Own File Remove Unused Usings Sort Usings Create / Remove Backing Store Keybindable Commands
New refactoring commands :
Python add - in has graduated to be a supported plugin , includes code completion , syntax checking , method and class locator and code folding .
i Phone development plugin .
The team is on #mono , #monodev and #monodevelop on irc.gnome.org fielding any questions you might have .
Update : the diffstat results for Mono 2.4 to 2.6 on a 2 million line patch :
7208 files changed , 1392400 insertions (+ ) , 440016 deletions (-)
About a million lines of new code in Mono .
For MonoDevelop the patch is 750,000 lines and :
2427 files changed , 464284 insertions (+ ) , 120124 deletions (-)
Roughly 300 k lines of new code .
The Bay Area Reporter published some interesting information about Frank Schubert , who ran both California 's " Yes on 8 " campaign and Maine 's " Yes on 1 " campaign , which succeeded in yanking marriage rights from millions of gays and lesbians .
Schubert 's sister is a lesbian , and she 's running for a judgeship in Sacramento County :
" Anne Marie Schubert , 45 , does n't mention her family or
sexual orientation on her campaign Web site .
But Sacramento County tax records
show that Anne Marie Schubert purchased her home with Julie Greenberg in March
2005 , where the women live together raising two children .
Frank Schubert told
the Bay Area Reporter the two women are
in a registered domestic partnership . "
Anne Marie wo n't discuss her brother 's evil deeds however :
" Because I am running for a judicial seat , I am bound
by the California Code of Judicial Ethics .
This code applies to both sitting
judges and attorneys running for judicial office .
This code makes it clear that ' Candidates may not make
statements that commit the candidate with respect to cases , controversies , or issues
that could come before the courts . '
This code also states , ' Judges involved in
judicial campaigns must also avoid comment concerning a matter pending or
impending in any court . '
In all honesty , I do not
believe it would be appropriate for me to give you my personal opinion on Prop
8 . "
Amazing how folks like NY Senator Ruben Diaz Sr. , who has two gay brothers , and Frank Schubert can work so relentlessly to remove rights from those to whom they are closest .
Grace Notes
Originally released on August 25th , 2009 ; it available below for free download .
Grace Notes is a little collection of leftover songs , mostly about departures .
It was recorded and mixed by Matt DeWine at Pieholden Suite Sounds .
Album art by Anika Balaconis .
Anika Balaconis played trumpet , percussion , and sang .
Joshua Dumas sang , wrote the words , played the guitars .
Jason Eckerson played the bass .
Robbie Hamilton played the drums , keys and sang .
Whitney Johnson played the viola and sang .
Grace Notes ( right - click to download ) :
1 ) the Train Whistle ( 7.6MB MP3 )
2 ) to Milwaukee ( 6.4MB MP3 )
3 ) the Drought ( 6.7MB MP3 )
4 ) the Birdsong ( 11.2MB MP3 )
Or download the whole shebang as a zip file ( 33.3 mb zip ) .
To the Other Side
Originally released on March 30th , 2009 .
To the Other Side , an EP about memory and the simple passage of one day to the next , is available for free download at Rock Proper .
Two songs from this release are available on seven inch vinyl , released by Whistler Records
Preview a tune :
02 the finest words
the Finest Words ( 7.1MB MP3 )
Uh-Oh
Originally released in 2005 .
This full length album is available for free legal download at the netlabel Rock Proper .
Grab it here !
Have a listen :
01 the hours
the Hours ( 3.3MB MP3 )
03 seriously
Seriously ( 4.8MB MP3 )
I got shafted by my original Santa .
I had protested my rematch to the powers that be under the pretense that I did n't feel someone else should pick up the slack of my deadbeat Santa - I knew the risks of getting shafted when I signed up and was satisfied with just sending a gift .
I even posted on Reddit to this effect in the hopes that my new Santa would stalk and relent .
No such luck !
My new Santa did indeed stalk and went for my weak spot - she saw that I 'm gonna be a daddy soon and she sent an anonymous message letting me know that I needed to STFU , I was getting a gift , and it was for my unborn babies .
The package arrived today , and as my wife has been feeling like a tin of sardines ( this means not good ) I thrust the package at her hoping that baby related goods contained therein would bring a smile to her face .
Inside was a fantastic orangered card ( which will be hung on my wall of awesome in my garage workshop ) with a nice note , and two little wrapped packages containing the pictured onesies .
Womb mates !
My wife laughed , and very much approves .
Thank you New Santa for cheering my wife up a little during what has been a tough pregnancy !
She even said that she wants these to be the outfits we bring the twins home from the hospital in ! :)
Pics of the babies modeling the outfits in the future are promised .
P.S. Santa : Dexter is pictured with his reaction to there being another Golden named Dexter in Ontario .
Much like Highlanders , he told me there can be only one !
• ( A ) eradicating poverty in the United States should be the goal for all people in the United States , including all levels of government ;
• ( B ) the severe economic downturn has highlighted the need to ensure that the Nation 's most vulnerable individuals and families are able to meet their most fundamental needs during a time of financial crisis ; and
• ( C ) Congress should recommit itself to helping individuals and families facing economic hardship receive the assistance they need and deserve in moving towards greater economic security through programs under Title IV of the Social Security Act and other related programs .
The House voted to express support for designating January as " Poverty in America Awareness Month . "
I guess you have to start somewhere and awareness is n't the worst place in the world .
The resolution , offered by Seattle progressive Jim McDermott , notes that the number of people living in poverty ( based on a 2008 study ) has jumped by nearly 2,600,000 to 39,800,000 , the highest number since 1960 , that the number of children who live in poverty increased by 744,000 to 14,000,000 , and that " the next Census report on poverty will likely illustrate higher levels of poverty as the report will reflect data from 2009 , a year in which the economy experienced substantial job loss and historic levels of long - term unemployment , leading some experts to project that the overall poverty rate may increase by 1.5 percentage points and the percentage of children living in poverty may increase by 6 percentage points in the next report .
"
McDermott 's resolution concludes by having the House commit to 3 principles :
It passed with overwhelming bipartisan support , 387- 18 .
18 ?
I betregulars can name at least half of them .
They 're all Republicans and all radical right obstructionists whose voting records would seem to indicate that they favor a return to slavery as a way to cope with poverty in America .
As you can see below more than 60 % of this pile of national garbage comes from just two reactionary former Confederate states , Texas and Georgia : Paul Broun ( R - GA ) Michael Burgess ( R - TX ) John Carter ( R - TX ) Mike Conaway ( R - TX ) Jeff Flake ( R - AZ ) Virginia Foxx ( R - NC ) Trent Franks ( R - AZ ) Jeb Hensarling ( R - TX ) Sam Johnson ( R - TX ) Jack Kingston ( R - GA ) Cynthia Lummis ( R - WY ) Kenny Marchant ( R - TX ) Tom McClintock ( R - CA ) Mike Pence ( R- IN ) Ted Poe ( R - TX ) Tom Price ( R - GA ) Steve Scalise ( R- LA ) Lynn Westmoreland ( R - GA )
Labels : poverty , Republican hypocrisy , Republican Jesus
However much it infuriates people like Paul Krugman to hear analysts warn about inflation while the economy is still sputtering along joblessly , there is good reason to worry about the ability of the Federal Reserve to prevent the massive build up of the monetary base from resulting in out of control inflation .
One of the sources of the growth of the monetary base has been the $ 1 trillion of purchases of mortgage backed securities by the Fed .
Much of that has n’t yet made its way into the broader economy , and instead sits on bank balance sheets .
Actually , much of it is on deposit with the Fed itself , where banks can earn risk - free interest instead of lending it to home buyers at risk of losing their jobs or businesses still suffering from diminished consumer demand .
When the economy begins to recover , the Fed will need to reduce the monetary base to prevent all those dollars from flooding the market and triggering hyper-inflation .
For some sources of monetary expansion this is relatively straight forward — the Fed can simply shut down various monetary easing facilities that operate like loans to banks .
Banks will have to hand dollars over in exchange for the collateral they posted to participate in the lending facilities .
But things are not as easy when it comes to the mortgage backed securities the Fed purchased this year .
These purchases increased the monetary base , which means they will have an inflationary effect when bank lending loosens .
In order for the Fed to start sucking back these funds , it will have to sell these into the market .
Unlike the repo and lending programs , however , the Fed cannot simply order the banks to repurchase the mortgage backed securities .
It will have to sell them at market prices .
The market ’s knowledge that the Fed has become a seller rather than a buyer for mortgage backed securities will likely result in the pricing of these securities falling .
In order to bring the yield of these securities up to a level acceptable to the market , they will have to be sold at a discount .
This discounting means that the Fed will not be able to withdraw as much liquidity as it added , leaving some portion of that $ 1 trillion ( plus its multiplier effect ) in the economy to create inflation .
Think of it this way .
If the Fed bought a mortgage backed security for $ 100 but can only sell it for $ 90 , there ’s a 10 % inflationary discount occurring .
Which is to say , the Fed ’s MBS has inflation built right into it .
There ’s no way out .
Notice , also , that there are also losses for the Fed built into this .
The Fed has said that it does not anticipate losses from the program because the securities are backed by Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Ginnie Mae .
If it held them to maturity , losses would be unlikely .
However , the Fed may not have this luxury if it needs to withdraw money from the economy to fight inflation .
So its very possible the Fed could lose money on its mortgage market investments .
Ironically , the Fed ’s losses might be made worse if the Fed tries to fight inflation by paying higher interest rates on bank deposits at the Fed .
This is a new and powerful tool that the Fed can use to soak up excess bank funds — basically , paying interest rates high enough that banks prefer to keep money with the Fed rather than lend it out to non-risk free borrowers .
Right now the Fed gets away with paying very little interest , since demand for loans is low and lending risks are still perceived as high .
But as opportunities in the economy grow , the Fed will have to increase the interest rates to prevent inflationary lending .
The higher rates from the Fed , of course , will cause political outrage .
Essentially , bankers will be able to make handsome returns by not lending to businesses and consumers .
It will be perceived — rightfully so — as a super - perverse subsidy .
And those higher rates will make it harder to sell the mortgage backed securities .
The Fed will have to sell at even greater discounts , since bankers would rather just earn interest from the Fed unless the discount on the MBS — and therefore the yield — grows high enough .
And , of course , each discount makes the inflation - fighting impact of the mortgage - backed - security sale less effective .
This promises to be a costly situation for the Fed — fighting inflation by paying high interest rates on deposits while selling mortgage backed securities at ever steeper losses .
And there is no escaping the built - in inflation from the mortgage security purchase program .
Wow , over half a year with no blog post .
That may be a new record for blog laziness for me , but fear not !
This bout of sloth shall not last , and the dearth of blog entries shall come to and end !
This cure should come partially because I ’ve switched to Tumblr and can now compose my entries in Markdown , and partially because that ’s part of my whole Get a Better Life New Year ’s Resolution Package 2.0™ ( coming to a burned out programmer near you in 2011 ! ) .
Let ’s hope this pans out , or , at least , I do n’t end up strung out in the gutter tapping out entries into Textmate .
Anyhow , to catch you up , here ’s what ’s happened since my last post :
But that ’s not what this post is about .
This post is kicking off a series that I ’m doing about moving your skills and migrating your code to Rails 3 .
I ’ll be sharing some practical insights and covering some pretty in - depth topics as we go along ( I ’ve got some notes for entries about upgrading plugins , taking advantage of new features like the agnosticism , migrating applications , and so on ) , but before I go into a lot of specifics , I thought it might be useful to go over some of the high - level philosophical and architectural changes that have gone on in the Rails code between versions 2 and 3 .
The Big Picture
When the Merb / Rails merge was announced , I was worried that we were going to end up in some weird tangle of Merbilicity and Railsishness when the final product came around .
I do n’t think anyone wants some Brangelina of the web framework world all up in their business .
Fortunately , the gents on the Rails core team are smart and classy and have navigated the waters of cooperation and compromise extremely well .
We ’re getting the best of both world here , folks : the ease of use and packaging of Rails with the juicy technical bits of Merb .
Who can argue with that ?
But to make that Epic Code Merge of Awesome™ happen , of course there had to be some changes .
These big picture changes have concentrated on a few key areas :
Decoupling Rails components from one another as much as possible , making things more modular and a la carte .
Pulling in improvements from Merb and rewrite / refactor much of the internals to improve performance .
Exposing explicit , documented API ’s for common tasks and integration of wider ecosystem components from testing , ORM , etc .
In order to hit these objectives , DHH , Yehuda , Josh , and the rest of the Rails team have extracted things into some new components , expanded others , and removed others to allow for agnosticism .
The general movement seems to be from a monolithic , one - stop shop approach to a looser ecosystem of code that works together with a straightforward set of sensible defaults .
You ’re no longer “ locked in ” to ActiveRecord or made to use code injection and hacks and such to get your testing framework integrated .
Instead , there are hooks all over the place to cover this sort of stuff ( which I will cover later on in the series ! ) that let generators generate things for the various options or helpers include different modules .
It ’s a great way to support an ecosystem with an established API .
Lifecycle changes
One of the biggest movements in the codebase has been a shift towards using simple , composed components and a lot of Rack in the request chain rather than specialized , one - off classes .
This has affected a lot of things , but one of the major changes has been the addition of Action Dispatch .
Action Dispatch is a “ new ” component in Action Pack ( extracted and expanded from the previous logic ) that handles a number of things related to requests and responses :
Request handling and parameter parsing
Sessions , Rails ’ flash , and cookie storage
File uploads
Routing , URL matching , and rescuing errors
HTTP conditional GETs
Client response and HTTP status code
Breaking this functionality out into its own component and decoupling much of it creates a much more flexible call stack for requests , meaning you can jack into the process easier with your own logic or improve the existing functionality .
I ’m sure we ’ll see a lot of plugins taking advantage of this to create interesting middleware hacks , improve callbacks and lifecycle methods , hack in their own middlewares to handle specialized logic , or even plug in improved or application - specific routers .
This is one of the more interesting pieces I ’m interested in seeing develop , since it opens a lot of possibilities that were previously much more difficult to reach .
Making controllers flexible
As a result of the changes in the request chain , the controller stack has also seen a significant overhaul .
Previously , every controller inherited from ActionController : : Base ( either directly or by inheriting from ApplicationController ) and slimming down the call stack was accomplished by either ( a ) previous to Rails 2.3 , building a smaller app with Sinatra or Rack to sit next to your main Rails application or ( b ) post - Rails 2.3 , using Rack Metal / middlewares .
In Rails 3.0 , this concept of middleware plays an even more central role to how the controller hierarchy is arranged .
The bottom of the stack is AbstractController , a very low level “ controller . ”
Rails uses this class to abstract away essentials like rendering , layouts , managing template paths , and so on , while leaving more concrete implementation details to its subclasses .
AbstractController exists only to provide these facilities to subclasses .
That is , you should not use this class directly ; if you want something super - slim , create a subclass and implement render and a few other pieces ) .
Each subsequent jump up the hierarchy is actually a class that inherits from the previous , each including modules to compose its behavior .
So , if you want to create something slim without implementing a lot of plumbing , use the next rung on the compositional ladder : ActionController : : Metal .
Metal essentially exposes super simple Rack endpoints that you can then include extra modules into to add more ActionController functionality ( check out an example here ) .
These little classes are excellent for replacing those Rack / Sinatra apps for file uploads or what have you while still having the power to easily build out to rather rich controller objects .
Finally , if you need the full monty ( i.e. , like a controller in Rails 2 ) , then you ’ll need to inherit from ActionController : : Base .
This class inherits from ActionController : : Metal and includes a slew of modules to handle things like redirecting the user , handling implicit rendering , and a number of helpers for other stuff like caching .
The advantage of taking this approach is that you can take one of the base classes like Metal and include your own modules to create specialized controllers .
I foresee someone using this to create a simple way to serve up resources ( e.g. , PostsController < ResourcesController ( : posts ) or something like that ) much like people have done previously ( José Valim ’s inherited_resources jumps to mind ) or using it as a way to quickly build API backends .
This is the other piece of the major refactor that excites me , since we ’re looking at a new way to construct reusable code and assemble it into usable applications .
Where models are concerned
Though the public API for models is generally the same ( with a few additions and changes that I ’ll cover in a subsequent post ) , Active Record is now powered by the brain - melting Active Relation , a powerful relational algebra layer .
What does that mean for you ?
Well , basically it means that Active Record will be smarter and more powerful .
Rather than fairly naïve SQL generation , it uses some fancy mathemagical approach that should generate smarter queries .
Frankly , I have n’t had a lot of time to research these features for myself , but when I do , I ’ll be sure to post ( or if you ’ve posted about this stuff somewhere , then by all means let me know ) .
The second big change in Model Land is the extraction of much of the rich logic in Active Record objects like callbacks , validations , serialization , and so on into the Active Model module .
You can use this module to make any object behave like an Active Record object ; for example , let ’s say you wanted to add some validations to a PORO representing a host on a network :
class Host include ActiveModel : : Validations validates_presence_of : hostname attr_accessor :ip_address , : hostname , :operating_system def initialize ( hostname , ip_address , operating_system ) @hostname , @ip_address , @operating_system = host , ip_address , operating_system end end h = Host.new ( " skull " , " 24.44.129.10 " , " Linux " ) h.valid ?
# => true h.hostname = nil h.valid ?
# => false
To get this functionality , simply include ActiveModel : : Validations and start implementing the methods .
It ’s possible to exercise fine - grained control over how the validations operate , how the validator gets the object ’s attributes , and so on .
To get the other functionality like observing or callbacks , just include the relevant module ( e.g. , ActiveModel : : Observing ) and implement the required methods .
It ’s fantastically clever .
Other pieces
ActionMailer is also getting some love in Rails 3 .
A new API pointed out by DHH in this gist is looking especially delicious ; it ’s much more like a controller with some excellent helpers mixed in just for mailing .
Rails is also getting a rather robust instrumentation framework .
In essence , an instrumentation framework lets you subscribe to events inside of a system and respond to them in meaningful ways ( e.g. , an action renders and the logger logs its result ) .
Internally the framework is used for things like logging and debugging , but you could easily repurpose the code for other things .
For example , let ’s say you want to log to the system logger when a particular e-mail is sent out :
# Subscribe to the event ...
ActiveSupport::Notifications.subscribe do |*args| @events << ActiveSupport :: Notifications :: Event.new ( * args ) end #
Fire the event ...
ActiveSupport::Notifications.instrument(:system_mail , :at => Time.now ) do # SystemMailer.important_email .deliver log " Important system mail sent ! " end #
Do something with it ... event = @events .
first event.name # => :system_mail event.payload # => { :at =>
Wed Jan 16 00:51:14 - 0600 2010 } event.duration # => 0.063 system_log( event ) # => < whatever >
Of course , this is arbitrary , but it adds a really powerful way to respond to certain events in your application .
For example , someone could probably rewrite exception_notification to use the instrumentation framework to handle and send error e-mails .
Getting started
So , how does one get a piece of this sweet , sweet Rails 3 action ?
You can install the old pre-release gems , but they ’re pretty out of date .
To get rolling on edge , I ’ve found two ways that work well .
First , you can use Yehuda ’s directions ; these worked great for me and they ’re not a lot of hassle ( and how awesome is the bundler ? ) .
If that seems a bit much or you want to automate it , Bryan Goines has made a pretty awesome script to handle installing and bundling all you need to make it work .
So , go ahead , install Rails 3 , get setup , and I ’ll meet you on the other side .
I ’ll be dropping another post this week about how to get started upgrading an existing application / plugin to Rails 3 .
Posts in this series
I ’m posting a whole series on Rails 3 ; be sure to catch these other posts !
Introduction Approaching the Upgrade
permalink
Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer says his company will not pull its operations out of China .
The issue arose after Google said it could be forced to leave the country after deciding to no longer censor website results .
Ballmer did not discuss the censorship issue directly , but told CNBC that " We 've been quite clear that we 're going to operate in China . "
He added that " I do n't understand how [ pulling out ] helps us and I do n't understand how that helps China . "
( Source : washingtonpost.com )
Questioned about recent hacking attacks on Google that appear to have originated in China and may have prompted Google 's decision to threaten a pull - out , Ballmer said he did n't view the attacks as particularly unusual , pointing out that Microsoft is attacked many times each day .
Microsoft Partly to Blame For Google Attacks
Ironically , Microsoft has confirmed that a previously undisclosed security flaw in Internet Explorer was the method which the Chinese attackers used against Google .
It 's noted the problem is n't being widely exploited and is currently working on a patch to fix the issue .
There will likely be some criticism of Ballmer for speaking on the issue and failing to support Google 's new stance on human rights and censorship issues .
However , with the exception of Bing , which is a very minor player in China , Microsoft does not encounter the censorship issue in most of its products , meaning it is n't usually put in a position where it has to make moral judgments .
China 's Copyright Situation " Abysmal "
The main focus of the CNBC interview was the issue of copyright infringement in China , with Ballmer saying " Intellectual - property protection in China is very , very bad .
Abysmal . "
He argued that the trade between the US and China was unfair as the US is largely paying for physical goods , while most US exports to China involve intellectual property that is too often not paid for .
( Source : pcworld.com )
Some observers have noted that this may actually be reason for Microsoft to continue doing business in China , as leaving the market could leave pirates feeling they have free reign to copy its software without risk of punishment .
Until recently , the closest thing I ’d come to a cooking class was watching the demo station at Trader Joe’s .
After seeing “ Julie & Julia , ” I felt inspired to get in touch with my inner Julia Child .
But who has the time and money to fly to Paris and study at Le Cordon Bleu ?
It was on my weekly trip to the farmers market that I learned about the Philo Apple Farm Cooking School , 120 miles northwest of San Francisco in the bucolic Anderson Valley wine country .
Karen Bates , whose parents founded the French Laundry in Napa Valley in the late 1970s , offers , on the family - run farm , weekend cooking classes that focus on organic , seasonal ingredients .
It was n’t going to be all hard work though .
The weekend promised plenty of relaxing , eating and drinking .
If you go
THE APPLE FARM
18501 Greenwood Road , Philo , Calif . ; ( 707 ) 895-2333 , www.philoapplefarm.com
Farm weekend classes are $ 625 per person , including four hands - on meals , recipes , instruction and wines .
A two - night stay in a guest cottage for one or two people is $ 500 plus tax .
Other weekend sessions are $ 325 .
Classes offered February through November .
Driving on California Highway 128 alongside pastures of grazing cows in the Anderson Valley felt more like driving through rural Iowa than Northern California .
The serpentine highway wound along the valley ’s edge , overlooking rows of grapevines adorned with metallic streamers to scare away predators .
Or , in some cases , distract visiting city dwellers like me so that I nearly drove off the road .
A tree - canopied country road with towering oaks , ancient redwoods and leafy maples led to a rustic cottage and fruit stand with crates of apples , jams , chutneys , syrups and juices for sale .
There was no one around -- just a money box and a sign asking to please pay on the honor system .
I picked up a bag of dried apples , glanced at my watch and realized that I was 10 minutes late for class .
I threw a handful of money into the box and sprinted across the gravel lot into the farmhouse .
Inside , five students stood in aprons , drinking red wine and listening attentively .
I attempted to sneak in the back of the room without being seen .
I placed my foot on the hardwood floor and slowly put my weight down .
On the third step , the floor let out a rumbling creak .
My cover was blown .
“ I ’m glad you made it , ” Karen called toward the back of the room .
“ We have a lot to do , since dinner will be served at 8:30 tonight . ”
It was only 5 p.m .
I could n’t imagine what we ’d be doing for the next 3 1/2 hours .
After all , boiling dried spaghetti was about as elaborate as I ’d ever gotten in the kitchen
Joining me for the weekend was an eclectic group of foodies -- a young lawyer ; her husband , a doctor ; a retired couple ; and a young guy who was a trained chef .
We were expected to work as a team and prepare meals together .
“ It ’s like working in an actual restaurant ’s kitchen , ” Karen said .
“ So you need to work off each other ’s strengths and weaknesses . ”
The trained chef smirked in my direction .
Was it obvious I did n’t know how to cook ?
I ’m guessing he figured it out when I revealed that I did n’t know how to blanch .
For all I knew , blanch was the promiscuous Southern belle on “ The Golden Girls . ”
By the way , to blanch something means plunging food into boiling water .
I like my definition better .
For the first course , we made smashed beets with fresh goat cheese , arugula and garlic .
We followed Karen outside to her garden to pick the ingredients .
I crawled on my hands and knees , snapping off arugula leaves with increasing eagerness .
It was n’t every day that I got to pick fresh vegetables .
I do n’t have a backyard , yet alone a garden .
“ OK , you can stop now , ” Karen politely uttered in my direction .
“ We ’re having more than just salad tonight . ”
Inside , we prepped the first course .
While my classmates boiled the red beets , I did the least culinary of tasks and lined up pieces of parchment paper on the countertop on which the beets would cool .
“ Use your hands and press lightly . ”
Karen pressed on a beet , producing a perfectly flat oval .
I reached down and pressed firmly on the beet .
Like a scene from a B - movie horror flick , red , pulpy liquid splattered my apron .
It felt revolting , though , at the same time , somewhat gratifying .
As I changed my apron , the class moved on to the main course -- garlic chile shrimp on lemon risotto .
It ’s a family recipe and called for 2 pounds of fresh shrimp .
Karen lifted a bucket overflowing with gray crustaceans and placed it in front of me so I could remove their shells .
I ’ve never really liked shrimp .
Maybe it ’s the smell .
Or the fact that they remind me of overgrown sea monkeys .
In any case , I passed on the task and helped to prepare the risotto instead .
Forty - five minutes later , slumped over the stove , I held the wooden spoon with both hands , hoping I could maintain my endurance .
“ Everyone , help with plating -- dinner is about to be served , ” announced Karen as her husband , Tim , opened bottles of wine from Standish Winery , a few miles away .
I could use a glass of Pinot Noir .
Or three .
More than four hours had passed since we began preparing the meal .
I was exhausted and not very hungry because I had been snacking the entire time when nobody was looking .
We gathered around the candle - lighted table for a toast and talked until midnight , revealing more and more as the wine flowed .
“ I should tell you about the time when Tim and I wore clown noses around San Francisco just for fun , ” Karen said , erupting with laughter as she looked at her husband .
“ I ’m not sure why we did it , but those were our hippie days . ”
I decided to call it a night , sensing there was about to be a very long story .
“ Hope you ’ll be hungry .
Breakfast will be ready first thing tomorrow morning .
Then we ’re having a big lunch a few hours later , ” Karen said jovially .
Food was the last thing on my mind .
I walked sluggishly up the staircase to my bedroom , feeling several pounds heavier than when I first arrived .
Before going to sleep , I reviewed the itinerary for the next two days .
It seemed even more rigorous .
We would prepare 16 dishes from scratch , including a six - hour braised pork shoulder , a Moroccan chicken with five homemade dips , sweet biscuits with heavy cream and clafouti -- a French dessert with the consistency of runny custard .
I imagined the impressive dinner parties I ’d throw once I returned home .
I channeled my inner Julia Child and wrote down the first thing that came to my mind : boeuf bourguignonne .
I then realized a major problem : I live in San Francisco , and most of my friends do n’t eat meat .
Well , at least I have plenty of dried spaghetti .
travel@latimes.com
opinion
" simply wonderful .
get it ! " ~ creativeapplications.net
" clever , colourful and mimimalist " ~ edge magazine
" delivers a refreshing concept that I love " ~ toucharcade.com
" a game like no other on the app store right now " ~ iphonegamenetwork.com
" lilt line will open your ears and eyes to the future of musical games " ~ appcraver.com
" one of the most original games to hit the app store so far and is highly recommended " ~ theappleblog.com
" merges gradient splattered levels , twisted paths and dubstep music to create an addictive package " ~ weplayiphone.com
" a musical experience that really activates more than just your hearing and wraps every part of you around the sometimes chaotic beats of the music " ~ appvee.com
" a brilliant representation of interactive dubstep " ~ dopecool.com
Paris , France ( CNN ) --
French lawmakers could recommend Tuesday that the fiercely secular country ban the burqa , the full - body covering worn by some Muslim women .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy controversially told lawmakers in June that the traditional Muslim garment was " not welcome " in France .
" The problem of the burqa is not a religious problem .
This is an issue of a woman 's freedom and dignity .
This is not a religious symbol .
It is a sign of subservience ; it is a sign of lowering .
I want to say solemnly , the burqa is not welcome in France , " Sarkozy said .
A day later , the French National Assembly announced the creation of an inquiry into whether women in France should be allowed to wear the covering .
A cross-party panel of 32 lawmakers has been studying whether the burqa poses a threat to France 's constitutionally - mandated secularism .
A ban could make it impossible for women who wear the burqa to receive any public services , from buying a bus ticket to picking up a child at school .
Some members of parliament want to go even further with a law that might make wearing a full veil subject to a $ 1,000 fine .
" You know , it is not only an article of clothing to hide your face , " said parliamentary majority leader Jean - Francois Cope .
" I am sorry , it 's a choice which is not compatible with the rules of the republic . "
Within days of Sarkozy 's announcement , al Qaeda threatened to " take revenge " on France " by every means and wherever we can reach them , " according to a statement posted on radical Islamist Web sites .
Connect the World : Is it right to ban the burqa ?
" We will not tolerate such provocations and injustices , and we will take our revenge from France , " said the statement , signed by Abu Musab Abdul Wadud , calling himself " commander of al Qaeda in North Africa [ Islamic Maghreb ] . "
But more than half of French people support the ban , according to a recent opinion poll .
The Ipsos poll for Le Point magazine found 57 percent of French people said it should be illegal to appear in public wearing clothes that cover the face , like the burqa .
That 's despite government estimates that less than 2,000 women in the country actually wear the full Islamic veil .
France has about 3.5 million Muslims , representing about 6 percent of the population , according to research by the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life .
The country does not collect its own statistics on religion in accordance with laws enshrining France 's status as a secular state .
French lawmakers believe the burqa is a growing phenomenon beneath which lies a not - so - subtle message of fundamentalism .
Those who advocate the ban say women are often forced to wear full veils by the men around them -- husbands , fathers or brothers -- and that it is a sign of subjugation .
However , women who actually wear the veils deny that .
" You are going to isolate these women and then you can't say that it is Islam that has denied them freedom , but that the law has , " said Mabrouka Boujnah , a language teacher of Tunisian origin .
Boujnah , who at 28 is about to have her first child , says she came to wearing a full veil gradually , after wearing headscarves as an teenager .
She believes a law like the one being discussed will take away fundamental rights of Muslim women .
She and her friend Oumkheyr say they prefer to cover their faces out of piety .
Oumkheyr , in her 40s and unmarried , says she even has friends who wear full veils against the wishes of their husbands .
Oumkheyr , who is from Algeria , would not give her last name .
The women , both French citizens , say they are only following their religious beliefs and France should respect that .
But even some Muslims here think the full veil goes too far .
There is nothing in Quran that directs women to cover their faces , said Imam Hassen Chalghoumi , who runs the Islamic center in Drancy , a Paris suburb .
He said it is ridiculous to do so in France .
While French lawmakers from both left - and right - wing parties seem ready to pass at least a resolution discouraging the full veil in public places , it 's a choice Boujnah and Oumkheyr say they will continue to make .
They pair say they will willingly show their faces for identification purposes -- but if it comes to it , they will break any law that runs contrary to their religious beliefs ..
At the very least any law directed at full veils is likely to be challenged in the courts both here and at the European level .
What 's more , even police find it hard to imagine how they could -- or would -- enforce such a ban .
In 2004 , the French parliament passed legislation banning Muslim girls from wearing headscarves in state schools , prompting widespread Muslim protests .
The law also banned other conspicuous religious symbols including Sikh turbans , large Christian crucifixes and Jewish skull caps .
In 2008 , France 's top court denied a Moroccan woman 's naturalization request on the grounds that she wore a burqa .
France is not the only European Union country to consider banning the burqa .
Dutch lawmakers voted in favor of a ban in 2005 , although the government at the time left office before legislation could be passed .
-- CNN 's Jim Bittermann in Paris contributed to this report .
Fritz Henderson is back at GM , for $ 3,000 an hour
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
After resigning as president and CEO of General Motors in December , Fritz Henderson might have gone into hiding or decided to sit out the harsh Michigan winter on a Florida beach .
Instead , here he is popping up again , this time as a consultant to GM on international operations at the very fancy fee of $ 59,090 a month for 20 hours of work a month .
That works out to almost $ 3,000 an hour for a CEO who was ousted after just eight months on the job .
Is this one of those phony retired CEO arrangements , where the outgoing guy gets a fancy advisory deal to pass on his accumulated knowledge and wisdom to his successor ?
The phone may never ring , but the retiree gets to pocket a nice piece of change and an opportunity to pretend that he 's still in the game .
According to GM insiders , the Henderson deal is on the up - and - up .
Nobody can quarrel with his knowledge of GM 's global business .
While he was still on the regular payroll , he ran Latin America and the Middle East , Asia Pacific , and Europe .
And no one can question his affection and loyalty to the company that his father served before him .
Not a disparaging word has been heard from him since he left office .
Again according to insiders , Henderson was likely approached by his former colleague , Tim Lee , who now heads international operations but does n't have Henderson 's thick resume of experience .
Like a lot of executives at restructured companies , Lee likely discovered that GM lost volumes of institutional knowledge when it thinned its executive ranks after bankruptcy .
Henderson 's successor , chairman and CEO Ed Whitacre , who is said to have signed off on the deal , apparently has enough self - confidence -- despite his lack of industry experience -- not to be threatened by the presence of an ex-CEO on the premises .
Especially not one he was instrumental in pushing out of the job .
Although Henderson 's compensation seems a little steep , getting him back to work makes sense .
Nobody ever questioned his brains or his work ethic ; it was his inability to sell Whitacre on his skills as a change agent that did him in .
Perhaps Henderson can set a precedent .
GM has another ex-CEO who is still unemployed .
Although Rick Wagoner has more miles on him , he still retains plenty of goodwill within the company .
Perhaps somebody at GM will think up something that will make use of Wagoner 's executive talents too -- like figuring out a way for the automaker to take advantage of Toyota 's recent troubles .
Bikes lie on snow on a stage of The Strathpuffer
The Strathpuffer is one of the UK 's most extreme 24 - hour mountain bike races .
Held in the hills and forests near Strathpeffer in the Highlands , competitors this year had to contend with snow and ice .
TV presenter Dougie Vipond , who was taking part and filming the challenge for BBC Scotland 's Adventure Show , ended up in hospital after crashing during the first lap .
Here Dan Holland , of Inverness and a member of the race 's First Time Can't Climb team , gives an insight into last weekend 's endurance event .
The last thing my sports psychologist brother said to me was : " Make sure you know how to pull yourself through the hard times , be ready to do whatever it takes to not think about the pain . "
So that is how I found myself singing , in fact shouting at the top of my voice , Eye of the Tiger in a Highland forest at four on a Sunday morning .
In my mind I was Rocky running up those steps to the statue .
In reality I had nearly reached the top of a muddy icy climb , it was snowing very lightly , the stars glistening .
But I had at least another six hours of this to go .
A mud-spattered Dan Holland at the end of his first lap
But on the bright side we had already done 18 hours of The Strathpuffer - one of the toughest mountain bike races in Britain .
The idea is easy .
A Le Mans style , 24 - hour endurance race around the woods about 25 miles north of Inverness .
You enter as a solo , a pair or a quad team .
Just days to go and three of my quad team pulled out .
I tried everybody I knew who had ever pedalled a bicycle to replace them .
My pleading turned to desperation - there was no way I could do this race as a solo entry .
With 36 hours left before the start an e-mail from Paul , Chris and LJ offered me a place in their team .
We did n't set out to be competitive , just to take part , to say we 've done The Puffer .
LJ did the first and probably the hardest lap forging through the snow .
Ahead of her was nine miles of forest road and single track , rocks , burns and bridges .
As the hours passed we kept lapping as best we could .
The snow had turned to slush then to mud and as dusk fell it started to turn to ice .
Puddles became swamps .
Bloodshot eyes
There was a wonderful sense of camaraderie out on the course , riders talking to each other , asking politely to overtake and offering assistance .
I do n't know who you are , but to the single speed rider I talked to for half a lap around midnight - thank you for the encouragement .
To those who I raced past on the short descent on the same lap - I am sorry , but psychologically overtaking you gave me a bigger boost than any amount of sugar could have done physically .
Around 0800 GMT dawn broke the long winter night with a spectacular array of colour .
Soon the end came into sight and Paul set out on our 14th lap .
Could we squeeze in a 15th ?
Or should we be happy with what we had achieved in our first Puffer ?
We went with the latter , tired but happy .
Mud splattered faces and bloodshot eyes started to gather around the finish line to cheer in the final riders as the minutes and seconds ticked down .
There was an ambiance of achievement , of having arrived safely at the other side of some great divide - it was strangely quite emotional .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The pact with the Shinwari tribe would complement the reconciliation effort .
It echoes a similar phenomenon that unfolded in the Iraq war beginning in late 2006 , which ultimately contributed to a substantial drop in violence there .
In Iraq , tribal leaders from the country ’s Sunni minority rebelled against Al Qaeda of Mesopotamia and joined forces with the Americans .
The phenomenon was known as the Sunni Awakening .
But no one expects to be able to duplicate the scale of the Iraq effort , because in many parts of Afghanistan the Taliban have not only intimidated or killed local tribal leaders but insinuated themselves into the very fabric of the hierarchies of the tribes .
By contrast , in this part of Afghanistan tribal loyalties are strong and the tension between the Shinwaris and the Taliban longstanding .
The conflict came to a head last July , when two Shinwari elders  Mr. Niaz and Malik Usman  insisted that a local Taliban commander named Kona stay away from a group of Afghan engineers who were building a dike in their valley .
When Kona ’s men kidnapped two of the engineers , the Shinwari elders decided they had had enough .
In a confrontation that followed , members from the two Shinwari subtribes killed a senior Taliban commander who had come from Pakistan and chased Kona back across the border .
After that , Mr. Niaz and Mr. Usman set up a local militia to keep the Taliban out of the valley , called Momand .
“ The whole tribe was with me , ” Mr. Niaz said in an interview in November .
“ The Taliban came to kill me , and instead we killed them . ”
The dispute also had an economic element .
Many Shinwaris make their livings by smuggling across the nearby Pakistani border .
According to some tribal members , the Taliban had tried to take over the Shinwaris ’ business and its smuggling routes .
Image Shinwari elders united against the Taliban on Wednesday in a pact set in Jalalabad , Afghanistan .
Credit ... Adam Ferguson for The New York Times
The dispute caught the attention of American Special Forces units , who descended into the Momand Valley on helicopters and offered help to the local Shinwaris .
The Americans gave them ammunition and food , they said .
“ Dear PoP ,
I ’m wondering if maybe you could ask your readers to send in potential projects for MLK Day of Service ( unless you ’re already collecting info ) .
Most of the city has the day off , and a lot of projects I know are always set up for people to go and help out within their community .
For instance , a few years back I volunteered @ Roosevelt doing cleanup , and spent a few hours with a ton of people cleaning out their field house .
I ’d love to see a good list of where I ( and others ) could donate some time on Monday .
Oh , and here ’s 2 sites I found :
http://dc.about.com/gi/o.htm?zi=1/XJ&zTi=1&sdn=dc&cdn=citiestowns&tm=11&f=10&su=p554.12.336.ip_&tt=2&bt=0&bts=0&zu=http%3A//app.cncs.dc.gov/mlkday/viewprojects.asp
http://www.serve.gov/recruit.asp”
Here are some opportunities from Thanksgiving but if anyone has some MLK specific recs please leave in comments .
Jan. 26 , 2010 --
This was the view looking over the small town of Andenes , Norway , on Jan. 20 .
Snaking across the sky from horizon to horizon was a dynamic green aurora , signaling to the inhabitants of Earth that the sun was spraying us with an intense stream of energetic particles .
Core Values
Our Core Values reflect what is truly important to us .
They help guide our employees and allow GummiKing™ to fulfill our goal of supporting the health of your little ones by providing a range of healthy and complete vitamins gummy vitamins .
A MAN has been banned for life from a public city park after he allegedly dropped his pants and tried to have sex with a tree .
William Shaw , 21 , has been ordered by a court not to enter Central Park in Airdrie , Scotland after claims he attempted to have intercourse with the plant .
It is alleged he dropped his trousers and underpants while in the visitor attraction in September last year .
It is claimed he then tried to have simulated sex with the tree while his trousers were around his ankles .
Shaw , of Airdrie , pleaded not guilty to an act of public indecency at the town 's sheriff court .
Sheriff Frank Pieri released
Shaw on bail on the condition that he stays away from Central Park .
A neighbour said : " I have seen him about and he seems a quiet lad . "
Shaw is due to stand trial next month .
He was also accused of committing the offence while on bail for another matter from November 2007 .
It is not the first bizarre sex charge to hit the headlines in Scotland .
In 2007 Steven Marshall , 19 , admitted simulating sex with the pavement in Galashiels , Selkirkshire .
In the same year Robert Stewart , 53 , was caught by two cleaners having sex with a bicycle in his hostel room in Ayr .
Originally published as Tree sex man ordered to leave
After having watched soba chefs at work at restaurants such as Honmura An ( formerly in New York , now in Tokyo ) and Matsugen ( the one in the Ebisu neighborhood of Tokyo ) , I never imagined making my own fresh noodles .
Making soba looked hard .
Haruhiko Ishidoya at Honmura
An , for example , would roll out the tough dough into a thin sheet that looked like fine fabric , fold it and cut it by hand with a special cleaver into thousands of straight , even noodles , a feat that takes years of practice .
But a couple of months ago , I visited Akila Inouye 's soba school in Tokyo , and Inouye himself stopped by The Times Test Kitchen to demonstrate a way to make soba at home , in a small amount so that no special equipment or as much exacting technique is required .
It is actually easy .
I want to make my own soba all the time now .
Click here for the full story .
-- Betty Hallock
Photo : Kirk McKoy / Los Angeles Times
Sarah Vantassel / Demand Media
Dry and wrinkled skin needs extra care and moisture .
When the body does not produce enough oil to keep skin hydrated , the skin may appear dry , dull , or flaky .
According to the Mayo Clinic , " it can be uncomfortable and unsightly , turning plump cells into shriveled ones and creating fine lines and wrinkles . "
MayoClinic.com also asserts that most dry skin is caused by environmental factors like extreme weather temperatures or excessive bathing .
With some easy - to - create homemade remedies , you can control your dry skin and wrinkled skin .
The Honey Remedy
Sarah Vantassel / Demand Media
Honey is a natural beauty supply that has been used for dry and wrinkled skin for ages .
According to BeautifulWithBrains.com , Cleopatra was an early fan of milk and honey baths due to honey 's moisturizing properties .
The website also provides the following list of benefits for honey as a skin remedy : its rich , thick consistency makes it a great moisturizer ; it is a humectant ( it keeps moisture in ) ; honey causes the skin to retain moisture so it makes skin appear supple while smoothing dry , rough , wrinkled skin ; the moisturizing properties of honey include antioxidants that protect the skin from the sun 's UV rays which cause premature aging of the skin .
Also , honey is known as an anti-irritant and an anti-bacterial .
It helps calm and heal the skin .
So if you are dealing with acne along with dry skin , honey is beneficial all around .
Cleansing and Exfoliating
Sarah Vantassel / Demand Media
Before moisturizing , it is important to gently cleanse dry and wrinkled skin and to remove dead skin cells to maximize your skin 's ability to receive moisture .
Add moisture to your skin , even while cleansing , so you do n't strip your skin of natural oils , causing even more dryness .
First , cleanse with the homemade remedy suggested on BeautifulWithBrains.com : mix 1/4 cup honey , 1/4 cup liquid soap , and 1/4 cup glycerin .
Apply to skin with fingers , washcloth , or sponge .
Rinse with warm water .
If you notice your skin appears dull or flaky , exfoliate with the following homemade remedy : 1 tbsp honey , 1 tbsp finely - ground almonds , 2 tbsp dry oatmeal , and some lemon juice ( or yogurt ) .
Mix the ingredients .
Massage the scrub onto your face .
Rinse with warm water .
Be mindful not to use hot water , as that can dry out your skin .
Also , exfoliate when needed ; if you find it irritates your skin , cut back on the frequency of exfoliation .
Moisture Mask and Oil
Sarah Vantassel / Demand Media
Use a moisture mask after cleansing and hydrating to add intense moisture back into the skin .
The following homemade remedy for dry and wrinkled skin appears on BeautifulWithBrains.com : 2 tbsp honey and 2 tsp milk .
Mix ingredients .
Apply mask to your face .
Leave on for ten minutes .
Rinse with warm water .
Your skin is now primed and ready for a leave - on moisturizer , if you so desire .
The Mayo Clinic explains that oil is better than other moisturizers because it keeps water from evaporating from the surface of your skin .
For a homemade remedy for a leave - on moisturizer , pick a natural oil such as olive oil , sweet almond oil , or jojoba oil ; begin with a dime - sized amount , rub into skin , and add more if necessary .
Unless you have used too much oil , your skin will appear moisturized , but not oily .
Video :
How to walk on water
Water walking was the vision for the future ( Image : Collection of Richard Sheaff )
On the afternoon of 22 January 1907 , a wailing chorus of steamboat whistles sent the residents of Memphis , Tennessee , running to the banks of the Mississippi river .
“ A great crowd assembled on the riverside , thinking some great disaster was taking place on the water , ” reported the Memphis News - Scimitar .
Instead , the swelling crowd was greeted by the sight of a man calmly walking on water .
This was no miracle .
Gliding along on a pontoon - like pair of “ water shoes ” was “ Professor ” Charles W. Oldrieve , the world ’s pre-eminent “ aquatic pedestrian ” .
IT WAS a wild wager : $ 5000 if he could walk all the way from Cincinnati to New Orleans – on water .
But as the self - styled “ Professor ” Charles W. Oldrieve deftly dodged the wake from passing steamboats , it looked as if he might just collect .
He had left Cincinnati , Ohio , on New Year ’s Day 1907 .
Under the terms of his bet with Boston gambler Alfred Woods , he had just 40 days to reach New Orleans , a 2600 - kilometre walk along the Ohio and Mississippi rivers .
As he strode downriver in “ water shoes ” of his own design , followed by his wife and judges in a skiff , people flocked to the riverside to cheer him on .
“ As he strode downriver , people flocked to the riverside to cheer him on ”
Oldrieve was already an old hand at walking on water .
As a young inventor in Massachusetts , he ’d been fascinated by old - style bateaux , fur - trading boats with shallow drafts for negotiating small rivers and flat bottoms to provide stability when heavily laden …
Reacting to Security Vulnerabilities
Last month , researchers found a security flaw in the SSL protocol , which is used to protect sensitive web data .
The protocol is used for online commerce , webmail , and social networking sites .
Basically , hackers could hijack an SSL session and execute commands without the knowledge of either the client or the server .
The list of affected products is enormous .
If this sounds serious to you , you ’re right .
It is serious .
Given that , what should you do now ?
Should you not use SSL until it ’s fixed , and only pay for internet purchases over the phone ?
Should you download some kind of protection ?
Should you take some other remedial action ?
What ?
If you read the IT press regularly , you ’ll see this sort of question again and again .
The answer for this particular vulnerability , as for pretty much any other vulnerability you read about , is the same : do nothing .
That ’s right , nothing .
Do n’t panic .
Do n’t change your behavior .
Ignore the problem , and let the vendors figure it out .
There are several reasons for this .
One , it ’s hard to figure out which vulnerabilities are serious and which are not .
Vulnerabilities such as this happen multiple times a month .
They affect different software , different operating systems , and different web protocols .
The press either mentions them or not , somewhat randomly ; just because it ’s in the news does n’t mean it ’s serious .
Two , it ’s hard to figure out if there ’s anything you can do .
Many vulnerabilities affect operating systems or Internet protocols .
The only sure fix would be to avoid using your computer .
Some vulnerabilities have surprising consequences .
The SSL vulnerability mentioned above could be used to hack Twitter .
Did you expect that ?
I sure did n’t .
Three , the odds of a particular vulnerability affecting you are small .
There are a lot of fish in the Internet , and you ’re just one of billions .
Four , often you ca n’t do anything .
These vulnerabilities affect clients and servers , individuals and corporations .
A lot of your data is n’t under your direct control — it ’s on your web - based email servers , in some corporate database , or in a cloud computing application .
If a vulnerability affects the computers running Facebook , for example , your data is at risk , whether you log in to Facebook or not .
It ’s much smarter to have a reasonable set of default security practices and continue doing them .
This includes :
1. Install an antivirus program if you run Windows , and configure it to update daily .
It does n’t matter which one you use ; they ’re all about the same .
For Windows , I like the free version of AVG Internet Security .
Apple Mac and Linux users can ignore this , as virus writers target the operating system with the largest market share .
2. Configure your OS and network router properly .
Microsoft ’s operating systems come with a lot of security enabled by default ; this is good .
But have someone who knows what they ’re doing check the configuration of your router , too .
3 . Turn on automatic software updates .
This is the mechanism by which your software patches itself in the background , without you having to do anything .
Make sure it ’s turned on for your computer , OS , security software , and any applications that have the option .
Yes , you have to do it for everything , as they often have separate mechanisms .
4 . Show common sense regarding the Internet .
This might be the hardest thing , and the most important .
Know when an email is real , and when you should n’t click on the link .
Know when a website is suspicious .
Know when something is amiss .
5. Perform regular backups .
This is vital .
If you ’re infected with something , you may have to reinstall your operating system and applications .
Good backups ensure you do n’t lose your data — documents , photographs , music — if that becomes necessary .
That ’s basically it .
I could give a longer list of safe computing practices , but this short one is likely to keep you safe .
After that , trust the vendors .
They spent all last month scrambling to fix the SSL vulnerability , and they ’ll spend all this month scrambling to fix whatever new vulnerabilities are discovered .
Let that be their problem .
Posted on December 10 , 2009 at 1:13 PM • 41 Comments
More on the election of openly lesbian bishop suffragan of the Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles Mary Glasspool over the weekend .
Said Glasspool : " I 'm very excited about the future of the whole Episcopal Church and I
see the Diocese of Los Angeles leading the way into that future .
But
for just for this moment , let me say again , thank you , and thanks be to
our loving and supporting God , a surprising God . "
The L.A. Times reports : " Today , as he announced the vote that gave Glasspool a majority , Los
Angeles Episcopal Bishop J. Jon Bruno 's voice choked with emotion .
Then
he joked that someone had asked whether he could work with two women as
his suffragan bishops .
' I have to tell you I was born from a mother ’s
womb and I ’ve been taking orders from women ever since , ' he said ,
adding , ' I can assure you I can work with two women . '
After her election , Glasspool was surrounded by supporters , both gay and straight .
Several wept as they embraced her . "
The Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams is concerned about the election of Glasspool : " In a statement posted on his website Dr Williams said the election ' raises very serious questions not just for the Episcopal Church and its place in the Anglican Communion , but for the Communion as a whole ' .
…
' The process of selection however is only part complete , ' he said .
' The election has to be confirmed , or could be rejected , by diocesan bishops and diocesan standing committees .
That decision will have very important implications . '
Bishops of the US Episcopal Church voted in July to overturn a three - year ban on the appointment of gay bishops .
Anglican leaders had asked the Church to observe the moratorium .
' The bishops of the Communion have collectively acknowledged that a period of gracious restraint in respect of actions which are contrary to the mind of the Communion is necessary if our bonds of mutual affection are to hold , ' said Dr Williams . "
Williams , incidentally , has refused to condemn Uganda 's " kill the gays " bill :
" In response to public pressure , Williams ’ office said three days ago ( 3 December ) that ' attempts to publicly influence either the local church or political opinion in Uganda would be divisive and counter productive .
Our contacts , at both national and diocesan level , with the local church will therefore remain intensive but private ' .
While most accept the Archbishop ’s sincerity in opposing the Ugandan legislation , many suggest that he is being naïve about his tactics and giving the impression that Christian leaders will not speak up for gay people ’s human rights .
His decision to question Glasspool ’s appointment , while saying nothing on Uganda , is likely to fuel such criticisms . "
What would you ask them ?
Vvord wanted to know : " Are you blind ? "
Coffenaut asked : " I noticed that the officials are running around almost as much as the players without breaks , but officials are a little on the ' hefty ' side .
Are you secretly ripped under the uniform , or do you tend to eat more cheeseburgers than usual ?
FlamingLips asked : " Do you think , over the years , complaining about calls has increased , decreased or stayed the same ?
What is your opinion on the huge increase of flopping ( like soccer ) and what are you doing to try and counter it ? "
There were many others like it on the website Reddit.com yesterday .
Another question is : Were Vvord , FlamingLips and the gang actually talking to an NBA referee ?
Maybe .
There is a series of conversations on the website Reddit called " IAmAn " in which people with different professions take questions about their work .
Yesterday , somebody calling himself ForteNBA took many questions -- he said at the prodding of his son -- under the heading " IAmAn NBA official . "
You can read the whole thing here .
( Some PG - 13 language , mostly from readers . )
I just read it all .
All kinds of people on the chat doubted that it was really an NBA official , and that skepticism is healthy .
But for what it 's worth , the chat is fairly long and involved , and nothing in it strikes me as blatantly fake .
And a lot of the answers are pretty boring , which is in keeping with reality , but not so in keeping with goofing around online posing as a referee .
Whoever it was trots out much of the biography of NBA referee Joe Forte , including talk of his NCAA reffing experience , his alma mater ( shout out to High Point University ! ) etc .
In one exchange , Reddit readers were suspicious of his claim the NBA had measured and found that he got about 95 % of his calls correct .
But indeed the NBA does measure such things in the manner he described ( it 's explained many places , including in the Pedowitz Report ) , and 95 % is right around the percentage I have heard is typical of an NBA referee .
Similarly , as the NBA confirmed today , referees do have , as ForteNBA claims , passes to get into every NBA stadium , which seems to amaze some readers .
And how did he handle the hecklers ?
Like someone who has talked to a lot of them .
The first question out of the gate was about what it was like to read Reddit in braille .
( Ha ha , get it ? )
ForteNBA 's response : " I 'm not smart enough to read Braille any true heckler would know that . "
Then consider this exchange , about traveling :
ForteNBA : The NBA is the best of the best and they have a better handle on controlling the ball and making sure they do n't walk .
dkinmn : BS . B. S. This response alone makes me think this is phony as hell .
ForteNBA : I have been a college official for 12 years and an NBA official for 22 I can tell you outright that NBA talent is a step above that of college .
There is a reason only a select few move up to the NBA .
dkinmn : Yes , and my eyes tell me that traveling happens all the time in the pro game , and it is n't called .
ForteNBA : You should totally be a NBA official it is so easy anybody can do it .
... I get that but there is a reason I am payed to get these calls right .
I also officiated NCAA ball and I can tell you there are more traveling calls at the college level .
So while you may ' see ' does n't mean they actually happen .
Other topics include the difficult block / charge call , an incident when Forte tossed a fan from a game , Stan Van Gundy , Brandon Roy and superstar calls .
Forte more or less avoids the many Tim Donaghy questions , although he does repeatedly answer questions along those lines by saying " Google Tim Donaghy . "
So , was it really him ?
The NBA is checking ... I 'll let you know .
UPDATE : After some research , the NBA says this was not , in fact , Joe Forte talking on Reddit .
I have been a college official for 12 years and an NBA official for 22 I can tell you outright that NBA talent is a step above that of college .
There is a reason only a select few move up to the NBA .
I have been a college official for 12 years and an NBA official for 22 I can tell you outright that NBA talent is a step above that of college .
There is a reason only a select few move up to the NBA .
Sustainability is a hot issue these days , so in the interests of efficiency here ’s a list of awesome games that write themselves as you play them .
If you have n’t played Mossmouth ’s freeware randomized Indiana - Jones - em - up , you absolutely should .
Broadly speaking a cross between vintage platformer Rick Dangerous and one of your granddad ’s rambling yarns that change every time he tells them , Spelunky is a prince among procedural games purely because every game you play is golden .
Play it , you ’ll die .
A lot .
And every time , you ’ll love it .
It ’s being re-developed as a commercial XBox Live indie title , but is still ( and will remain ) available free for Windows .
Because Mossmouth still got love for the streets .
Tarn Adams ’ sprawling epic Dwarf Fortress is n’t for the faint of heart .
The vanilla version sports nethackesque ASCII - only graphics , though veterans hold that after a while you do n’t see the code .
It ’s like the Matrix , with dwarves and the capacity to build infernal contraptions that drown invading armies with freshly pulped cats .
It takes the form of a random - terrain basebuilding sim in the vague style of Dungeon Master , though the unbelievable depth and flexibility in it means you can basically make your dwarves do whatever sadistic savagery tickles your fancy .
If it ’s all a bit daunting , you can follow the sexiness of Captain Duck ’s honeyed dutch tones in his tutorial series on getting started in the game .
You ’ll probably need it .
Why is Canabalt man running ?
What are the shadowy monstrosities looming in the distance ?
I ’m a twenty - seven year old man with eighteen years of gaming behind me , why can I never get the fucker to go through a window ?
Why does adding a fourth question break the narrative flow ?
Another impossibly addictive free game that ’s been catapulted into the commercial market , Canabalt was recently ported to the iPhone .
Seems bound for success , given Canabalt ’s headlong single buttonry is instantly addictive , lasts about thirty seconds before inevitable plummeting death , and can hold you captive for about the length of a moderate bus journey .
Hit the button to make your running man jump , to hurtle through and over buildings in twitch - inducing accelerating parkour .
Check out the free flash version at Canabalt central .
You ’re a man .
As you descend into the pit , surrounded and assaulted always by red-eyed fiends , your constantly dwindling chances of escape are displayed at the top of the screen in such cheery idioms as “ Probability of seeing your family again ” and “ Parallel universes in which you still live ” .
When you hit zero , you die , you swear , you compulsively start again .
A nice touch is the ability to start with Talent ( moderate abilities but no advancement ) and Potential ( no starting perks but the potential to level up past the abilities of a Talented character ) .
Though statistics show that if you select Talent you are a dogfucker .
Go and fuck your dogs at the official thread at TIGForums .
Wow , this is a grandaddy of procedural games , with the respectable pedigree of all Hikware shrumps .
Three minutes on the clock , infinite randomly - constructed bosses and the ability to piss fire like an demon with herpes .
Die and lose time , kill a boss and claw a little back .
That ’s really all there is to it ; it was released in 2003 and did n’t tax the hardware then , but its neon - tinted apocalypse looks like like it was built yesterday .
If you ’ve got the p300 and DirectX 7 it demands , you can pick it up at the official site .
Australia should consider whether immigration can continue at existing levels as part of a comprehensive population analysis aimed at determining how many people the country can support , the Federal Opposition says .
Concerns about infrastructure , housing and environmental sustainability should be considered when setting the number of people allowed to immigrate each year , Coalition immigration spokesman Scott Morrison said .
'' Population policy is a legitimate debate we have to have and it should be free from any suggestion that it 's related to race . ''
Population policy was a void that needed to be filled , he said .
'' It 's getting to the point where we can't afford not to [ have one ] .
We can't just keep going as is . ''
Treasury modelling released last year forecast the population would increase more than half to 35 million by the middle of the century .
The increase will come from migration , more women reaching child - bearing age and higher fertility rates .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd welcomed the modelling , saying he was in favour of a big Australia .
But it prompted criticism from Labor backbencher Kelvin Thomson , who has questioned whether the country can support such a population .
news FREE For All
If you passed through Grange Park during the wee hours of a chilly night in late November , you might have noticed interdisciplinary artist Sean Martindale quietly installing his latest outdoor art piece .
Viewed from the side , the structure looks like a forty - four - foot - long stringed instrument , but from the front , it clearly spells one evocative word : FREE .
After seeing several of his “ guerilla gardening ” installations , this one seems less straightforward — more mysterious .
To quell our curiosity , we asked him how this piece came to be and what it all means .
Unlike Martindale ’s Poster Pocket Plants , which were technically vandalism ( well , vandalism of illegal posters , so who ’s the bad guy there ? ) , the string project was sanctioned by the AGO before it went up .
Martindale conceived the idea , researched the site , and got approval to use this sad square of asphalt , bordered by chain - link fencing .
“ I look for spaces , infrastructures , and materials that I feel are wasted , underused , or misused in the city , ” Martindale said in an email .
“ Chain - link fences are a perfect example of such a ubiquitous man-made feature . ”
With everything being above board , he might have conceivably taken all the time in the world to thread the 21,633 feet of salvaged nylon string between the two parallel fences .
Instead , Martindale dug in and worked non -stop for twenty - four hours straight ( midnight to midnight ) , powered by bananas , granola bars , fruit juice , and a large sweet potato , bean , and cheese burrito .
Several friends — including fellow guerrilla gardener Eric Cheung — popped in and out , but he was largely alone in the endurance feat .
“ I felt like the install became a performance , and I did n’t let myself stop and leave until I had finished outlining the word FREE , ” he told us .
“ The final few hours at night and in the early morning were probably the hardest .
This was when it was particularly cold and my energy was gone .
All my joints were swollen by the time I finished — especially my knees and knuckles .
The knuckle of my ring finger was n’t visible again until three days later ! ”
If you go to Grange Park and see the piece in person ( it ’s just west of the OCAD building ) , you ’ll see how such injuries could occur .
Each fibre is about as thin as sewing thread , and there are just so many of them .
If you press your face directly up against the fence , the strands form lines that diminish to a point in a very “ warp speed ” kind of way .
And what does it all mean ?
Like any visual artist , Martindale is hesitant to dictate what we should take from the work .
But he did reveal to us that FREE partially refers to “ the public aspect of my projects , where I create work experienced primarily by accidental audiences . ”
And that he is playing with contrasting ideas : “ I outlined the word FREE by tying strings within and through the properties of the barrier / constraining structure of the chain - link fence . ”
Aside from any meaning , the piece is — like his other works — a beautiful surprise in an unexpected place .
It ’s impossible to walk by without getting a little lift .
The FREE installation will be up on the chain - link fence next to OCAD until the city ’s squirrels and birds chew away the string for their nests .
All photos by Miles Storey / Torontoist .
From Goldman :
Backdrop
Many investors have asked about HSBC / STAN exposure to Dubai World ( a leading government - linked property developer / holding company ) and its affiliates , amidst Nov 26 press reports of Dubai World ’s request for a creditor standstill agreement on its c.US $ 59bn debts ( source : Bloomberg ) .
Both HSBC and STAN have declined to comment on individual firm exposures .
However , press reports ( Bloomberg , FT ) , past descriptions by both banks of their UAE wholesale banking businesses , and HSBC’s / STAN ’s status as the largest and second largest foreign banks in the UAE would all suggest some level of exposure to Dubai World and other similar entities .
Context on likely HSBC , STAN exposures
HSBC had US $ 15.9bn of loans / advances to the UAE as at end - June 2009 .
More specifically , HSBC had US$ 3.475bn of real estate and mortgage loan exposure to the UAE as of the same period , representing 25.9 % and 2.7 % of our 2010 E net profit and shareholders ’ equity projections for the group .
STAN had US $ 12.3bn of cross - border loan exposure to the UAE as at end - June 2009 ( and US $ 7.8bn of locally - booked loans to the UAE as at YE08 ) .
More specifically , STAN had US $ 1.674bn of real estate and mortgage loan exposure to the Middle East / South Asia region as of the same date .
We estimate c.60 % of this exposure , or US $ 1.0bn , was to the UAE , representing 22.4 % and 3.4 % of our 2010E NPAT and shareholders ’ equity projections for STAN .
More clarity needed ; first stab at worse - case loss estimates
Immediate questions include : how much actual exposure do HSBC , STAN have to Dubai World and other potentially similar situations , and what level of ultimate write - downs may need to be taken , what impact to EPS , BVPS ?
Key swing factors : level of continued support from other parts of the UAE , mode of loan restructuring undertaken by major creditors , degree of knock - on impacts to other UAE corporates , other emerging markets .
Our first stab at potential worst - case loss estimates suggest a manageable impact : assuming a 50 % NPL ratio/50 % loss given default on commercial real estate loans , and a 20 % NPL ratio/50 % loss given default on mortgage loans , we estimate the potential credit losses to HSBC and STAN at US $ 611mn and US $ 177mn – or 4.6 % and 3.9 % of 2010E NPAT , 0.5 % and 0.6 % of 2010E equity .
Creamy Tits Liza Del Sierra is the true rest for your eyes …
This horny beauty seduces with her beautiful eyes and fantastic boobs !
It is the true vamp woman – just look at her eyes !
And what do you think she will do now with this huge dildo ?
M-m-m , she will rub it between her big boobs and then she will bury this tremendous toy into her little pussy !
In the end , this dirty slut will show you her creamy tits …
It ’s unbelievable !
PixAndVideo.com presents Liza Del Sierra in cunt toying action
Python Programming , news on the Voidspace Python Projects and all things techie .
Psyco 2 Binaries for Windows and Python 2.4 , 2.5 and 2.6
Pysco is a specializing compiler ( a kind of JIT ) for Python written by Armin Rigo .
The difficulty of maintaining and extending psyco was one of the motivating factors behind the inception of PyPy .
Psyco itself was maintained to remain compatible with recent versions of Python but still did n't optimise more recent features like Python generators and floats .
Development of psyco was recently taken over by Christian Tismer .
Christian made many improvements to Psyco , but Windows binaries were never released .
Available here are compiled binaries of psyco 2 for Windows for Python 2.4 , 2.5 and 2.6 .
( Compiled from SVN head on January 11th 2010 . )
From the official psyco project page on Sourceforge , prebuilt binaries are only available for Python 2.5 .
I 've also built binaries for psyco 1.6 for Python 2.4 and 2.6 :
Binaries for Python 2.2 and 2.3 ( pysco 1.5.1 ) are available from my Python modules page .
A Rambling Recording on Member Lookup in Python ( podcast )
I was thinking about the Python object model , in part as a result of my post on The Python Class Statement .
Python is a really easy language to learn , but it also has advanced features like its protocols , descriptors and metaclasses , that make the full object model pretty complex - and that 's before you start looking at the corner cases .
It would be really nice to write up a single document describing the Python object model , including all of its intricacies .
That sounds too much like hard work , so instead I recorded a rambling hand - wavy description of member lookup in Python .
I do n't go into full blown detail , but then this is a podcast - it wo n't seriously mislead you and no - one is going to use it as a reference guide ...
This was recorded using the Blue Fire iPhone app whilst I was wandering around outside .
I chopped out about half my pauses and coughing using Audacity , so if you think the quality is rough you should have heard the first version .
Topics covered include :
Member lookup on instances and classes
How the interpreter looks up protocol ( ' magic ' ) methods
__getattr__ and its mysterious cousin __getattribute__
and its mysterious cousin Descriptors , bound methods , properties and friends
In the podcast I mention the new technique I have for dynamically mocking magic methods .
Magic methods , when they are called for you by the interpreter , are usually looked up directly on the class .
Unfortunately Python is not entirely consistent , some magic methods are still looked up on the instance first before the class .
This is gradually being fixed in Python ( in 2.7 they pretty much all fixed ) , but the inconsistency is a pain for mocking the magic methods .
Mock now allows you to mock the magic methods by assigning an appropriate function , that takes self as the first argument , to the magic method on the mock instance .
By default mocks do not have the magic methods implemented except the ones it uses itself .
When you assign to them it dynamically grows them on just that instance - all other mock instances are unaffected .
Magic methods can then be looked up on the class or the instance , either way works ( and you can delete them ) :
>>> from mock import Mock >>> m = Mock ( ) >>> m < mock .
Mock object at 0x429770 > >>> m .
__repr__ = lambda self : ' A Mock Object ' >>> m A Mock Object >>> m . __repr__ ( ) ' A Mock Object ' >>> del m .
__repr__ >>> m < mock .
Mock object at 0x429770 >
You can also use Mocks for magic methods .
Here 's an example of mocking out the built - in open function when used as a context manager :
@patch ( ' __builtin__.open ' ) def test_with_statement ( self , mock_open ) : mock_open .
__enter__ = Mock ( ) mock_open .
__exit__ = Mock ( ) mock_open .
__exit__ .
return_value =
False with open ( ' filename ' ) as handle : handle .
read ( ) mock_open .
assert_called_with ( ' filename ' ) mock .
__enter__ . assert_called_with ( ) mock .
__enter__ .
return_value . read . assert_called_with ( ) mock .
__exit__ .
assert_called_with ( None , None , None )
The version of mock with magic method support has n't yet been released , but you can pull it from the google code SVN repo .
When I have time to write docs it will be released as 0.7.0 .
There 's a bit of trickery involved in making this work .
If you 're interested in how it 's done look at the implementation of __new__ and __setattr__ .
Notes on the Python Class Statement
Python classes are created at runtime , usually when you execute a script , or import the module they are defined in .
Class creation is done primarily with the class statement .
The class statement is executed by the Python runtime to create the class .
Functions and names assigned in the body of the class statement become methods and attributes of the class .
You can easily see that the code inside the body of the class is executed , and that it can contain arbitrary code , by putting a print statement inside the class body :
>>> class ClassName ( object ) : ... print ' hello world ' ... hello world
Any assignments that happen in the body of the class definition create class members .
Class and function definitions both cause names to be assigned , so classes defined inside the body of another class statement can be accessed as class attributes and functions defined inside the body of a class become methods .
Here 's a trivial example with simply assigning a value to the name X :
>>> class SomeClass ( object ) : ... X = 3 ... >>>
SomeClass .
X 3
We can combine the fact that arbitrary code is executed with the assignment rule to conditionally define class members :
>>> import sys >>> class SomeClass ( object ) : ... if sys .
platform == ' darwin ' : ... X = 3 ... else : ... X = 4 ... >>>
SomeClass .
X 3
What happens in class creation ( in Python 2 - the rules change slightly in Python 3 as the metaclass mechanism is improved ) is that the class body is executed , the collection of names and values are passed as a dictionary ( along with the class name and a tuple of the base classes ) to the metaclass which is ' called ' ( if the metaclass is a type - which it usually is - the metaclass is instantiated ) and the resulting class object is assigned to the name in the scope in which it was defined .
The resulting class is an object like everything else in Python .
Unless the class uses __slots__ the dictionary of members becomes the class __dict__ .
This dictionary is protected by being wrapped in a dictproxy .
Although you can fetch members directly from the dictproxy you can't directly assign or delete members , instead you have to go through the normal attribute setting / deleting mechanisms :
>>> class SomeClass ( object ) : ... X = 3 ... >>>
SomeClass .
__dict__ < dictproxy object at 0x50b7b0 > >>>
SomeClass .
__dict__ . keys ( ) [ ' __dict__ ' , ' X ' , ' __module__ ' , ' __weakref__ ' , ' __doc__ ' ] >>>
SomeClass .
__dict__ [ ' X ' ] 3 >>>
SomeClass .
__dict__ [ ' Y ' ] = 4 Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > TypeError : ' dictproxy ' object does not support item assignment >>> del SomeClass .
__dict__ [ ' X ' ]
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module > TypeError : ' dictproxy ' object does not support item deletion >>>
SomeClass . Y = 4 >>> del SomeClass . X >>> #
X has now gone from the __dict__ and Y appeared >>>
SomeClass .
__dict__ . keys ( ) [ ' __module__ ' , ' Y ' , ' __dict__ ' , ' __weakref__ ' , ' __doc__ ' ]
An interesting example of assignment creating class members is what happens when you put a list comprehension inside a class body .
An implementation detail of list comprehensions is that variables used in the list comprehension ' leak ' into their surrounding scope .
A list comprehension in a class body creates an unexpected class member :
>>> class SomeClass ( object ) : ... [ foo for foo in ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ] ... >>>
SomeClass . foo 3
The same is n't true of generator expressions where the variable does n't leak :
>>> class AnotherClass ( object ) : ... list ( bar for bar in ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ) >>>
AnotherClass . bar Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 1 , in < module >
AttributeError : type object ' AnotherClass ' has no attribute ' bar '
The variable leaking from list comprehensions is a side - effect and should not be relied on .
Whilst the code in the class statement is being executed it creates a temporary namespace .
Code can refer to names already assigned as if they were local variables .
>>> class SomeClass ( object ) : ... X = 3 ... b = [ a * X for a in ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ] ... >>>
SomeClass . b [ 3 , 6 , 9 ]
A common use for this is to create aliases , where you give the same member two or more names .
In this example cost is an alias to the calculate_price method :
>>> class SomeClass ( object ) : ... def calculate_price ( self , quantity ) : ... return quantity * 10.0 ... cost = calculate_price ... >>> instance = SomeClass ( ) >>> instance .
calculate_price ( 20 ) 200.0 >>> instance .
cost ( 20 ) 200.0
It is also the standard way of creating properties before Python 2.6 :
>>> class SomeClass ( object ) : ... _value = None ... def get ( self ) : ... return self .
_value ... def set ( self , value ) : ... self .
_value = value ... value = property ( get , set ) ...
The value property is created using the get and set functions from the scope that forms the class members .
Unfortunately we have a problem with generator expressions .
Generator expressions create their own scope , causing names to be looked up lexically and ignoring the temporary class scope .
>>> class AnotherClass ( object ) : ... X = 3 ... b = list ( a * X for a in ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) ) ... Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " < stdin > " , line 3 , in AnotherClass File " < stdin > " , line 3 , in < genexpr > NameError : global name ' x ' is not defined
If you 're interested in how metaclasses are involved in class creation then you should read : Metaclasses in five minutes .
( Hopefully readable even for non-gurus . )
An interesting reference on why the class statement in Python contains executable code is this article by Guido van Rossum , the creator of Python : How Everything Became an Executable Statement .
Release : ConfigObj 4.7.0 and validate 1.0.1
I 've just released ConfigObj 4.7.0 and validate 1.0.1 .
ConfigObj is an easy to use configuration file reader and writer module .
ConfigObj is easy to use , with a host of powerful features including :
Nested sections ( subsections ) , to any level
List values
Multiple line values
String interpolation ( substitution )
Integrated with a powerful validation system including automatic type checking / conversion repeated sections and allowing default values
When writing out config files , ConfigObj preserves all comments and the order of members and sections
Many useful methods and options for working with configuration files ( like the ' reload ' method )
Full Unicode support
The headline feature of 4.7.0 is an ~ 25 % performance improvement in reading and validating configuration files .
The cost of this performance improvement is losing compatibility with Python 2.2 .
Python 2.3 is now the minimum version of Python supported by ConfigObj .
The next new feature is the addition of the extra_values section attribute and the get_extra_values function .
extra_values is populated by validation and lists all config file members ( in that section ) that were n't specified in the configspec file .
get_extra_values is a convenience function that returns a list of all values and sections that appear in the config file but are n't in the configspec .
Another important change is that passing in arguments to the ConfigObj constructor via an options dictionary is not possible any more .
This was a hangover from previous versions and if you were using it you can just change you code to the following ( that works with older versions of Config Obj as well ) :
config = ConfigObj ( filename , ** options )
4.7.0 also brings in a minor change in syntax .
Previously spurious commas in list values would be ignored ( e.g. value = first , , second ) .
They are now invalid syntax .
There have been several other minor bugfixes .
See the list below for details .
All Changes in Version 4.7.0
Minimum supported version of Python is now 2.3
~ 25 % performance improvement thanks to Christian Heimes
String interpolation now works in list value members
After validation any additional entries not in the configspec are listed in the extra_values section member
section member Addition of the get_extra_values function for finding all extra values in a validated ConfigObj instance
function for finding all extra values in a validated ConfigObj instance Deprecated the use of the options dictionary in the ConfigObj constructor and added explicit keyword arguments instead .
Use ** options if you want to initialise a ConfigObj instance from a dictionary
dictionary in the ConfigObj constructor and added explicit keyword arguments instead .
Use ** options if you want to initialise a ConfigObj instance from a dictionary Constructing a ConfigObj from an existing ConfigObj instance now preserves the order of values and sections from the original instance in the new one
BUGFIX : Checks that failed validation would not populate default_values and restore_default_value ( ) would n't work for those entries
and would n't work for those entries BUGFIX : clear ( ) now clears ' defaults '
BUGFIX : empty values in list values were accidentally valid syntax .
They now raise a ParseError .
e.g. " value = 1 , , 2 "
. e.g. " value = 1 , , 2 " BUGFIX : Change to the result of a call to validate when preserve_errors is True .
Previously sections where all values failed validation would return False for the section rather than preserving the errors .
False will now only be returned for a section if it is missing
when is True .
Previously sections where all values failed validation would return False for the section rather than preserving the errors .
False will now only be returned for a section if it is missing Distribution includes version 1.0.1 of validate.py
Removed __revision__ and __docformat__
The only change in version 1.0.1 of validate was removing a test whose behaviour was dependent on platform / Python version and was impossible to make pass consistently .
PyCrypto 2.1.0 Binaries for Windows 32 bit Python 2.6 , 2.5 and 2.4
PyCrypto is a Python cryptography package originally created by Andrew Kuchling and now maintained by Dwayne C. Litzenberger .
For a while I 've been hosting Windows binaries for version 2.0.1 .
Dwayne has now done a new release , version 2.1.0 .
I 've built installers for 32 bit Windows for Python 2.6 , 2.5 and 2.4 .
The 2.6 installer was built with Visual Studio 2008 .
The Python 2.5 and 2.4 installers were built with Visual Studio .NET 2003 .
They were built without GMP support ( only needed for Crypto.PublicKey._fastmath ) .
The installers come without guarantees , but all the tests pass .
Archives
Petroliam Nasional Bhd. is close to an agreement to resume oil exploration in Ethiopia ’s Somali region , the Reporter said , citing people it did n’t identify .
The oil company is in talks with Sino Africa , an exploration company owned by Ethiopian businessman Tewodros Ashenafi , to conduct seismic surveys and drill wells in the Ogaden basin Ethiopia , the Addis Ababa - based newspaper said .
Petronas suspended exploration in the Ogaden in April 2007 after the Ogaden National Liberation Front , an ethnic Somali group , attacked a Chinese - run exploration site , killing 65 Ethiopian and nine Chinese workers .
By Jason McLure , Bloomberg
Now that the official word is out about the Google Nexus One , gauntlets have been thrown from an unexpected source : the Philip K. Dick estate .
With the name of the device , Google is clearly giving a nod to Dick 's novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
( the book that was adapted for the seminal sci - fi film Blade Runner ) : " Nexus - 6 " was the name of the android model in both the book and the movie .
What 's unclear is whether the Dick estate actually has a case , despite Dick 's daughter Isa Dick Hackett 's proclamation : " We feel this is a clear infringement of our intellectual - property rights . "
As the lawyers gear up to go to town , they 'll be looking at questions like whether or not the name implies Mr. Dick 's estate is somehow involved with the Nexus One — which in reality is n't very likely .
On the other hand , it 's certainly not unprecedented — in most recent memory Verizon had to shell out to George Lucas to license the name Droid for its first Android offering .
At this point , only time plus lots and lots of lawyers will tell the outcome here .
What 's your vote : Should Google pony up to Philip K. Dick 's heirs for the Nexus One name ?
[ via The Consumerist ]
GSM encryption crack made public
LWN .net needs you !
Without subscribers , LWN would simply not exist .
Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
The schemes commonly used to encrypt GSM telephone calls , SMS messages , and data transmissions have been theoretically broken for years at both the protocol and cipher levels , but results presented in Berlin at the 26th Chaos Communication Congress ( 26C3 ) on December 27 demonstrate that a practical attack can be easily implemented .
Researchers unveiled cracking tables requiring just two terabytes of disk space that can be used to look up a GSM encryption key and decrypt a transmission .
The tables were computed on 40 commodity hardware PC nodes in just a few months ' time , and are shared through Bittorrent .
Furthermore , the presentation explains that the more difficult practical task of intercepting and capturing GSM calls can already be done with inexpensive radio equipment and open source software .
Background
The cipher under attack is known as A5/1 ; it was invented by the GSM Association in 1987 .
Due to the Cold War , A5/1 was deployed only in Western Europe and the United States , and was accompanied by a significantly weaker cipher called A5 / 2 for export to other regions .
The GSM protocol supported both A5/1 and A5/ 2 , plus A5/0 , or unencrypted connections , a choice that left the protocol itself vulnerable to attack .
A5/1 was not published , but researchers began to reverse - engineer it almost immediately , work that was completed and publicized in 1999 .
Theoretical attacks based on weaknesses in the cipher date back to at least 1997 , but real - world attacks on the system as implemented in the global GSM network only began to appear in 2003 , when the team of Elad Barkan , Eli Biham , and Nathan Keller reported that phones use the same set of keys regardless of whether A5/1 or A5 / 2 encryption was enabled .
[ PULL QUOTE :
Thus , by momentarily tricking a phone into using A5/2 ( which can be cracked in seconds ) , a man - in - the - middle attacker can retrieve the session key for a call and continue to decrypt it even if it subsequently switches to A5/1 at the network 's request .
END QUOTE ]
Thus , by momentarily tricking a phone into using A5/2 ( which can be cracked in seconds ) , a man - in - the - middle attacker can retrieve the session key for a call and continue to decrypt it even if it subsequently switches to A5/1 at the network 's request .
Shortly thereafter , networks were advised to discontinue use of A5/2 .
Barkan , Biham , and Keller also published a ciphertext - only attack on A5/1 itself that relied on a time - memory tradeoff : building a lookup table of partially - precomputed hash values .
A5/1 uses a 64 - bit key ( although , interestingly enough , 10 bits are fixed at 0 in all known deployments , making the practical strength 54 - bits ) , which would require around 128 petabytes for a complete code book ( a complete plaintext : ciphertext table for each key ) .
In 2008 , a group called The Hackers Choice ( THC ) announced that it had computed the complete code book , in a more space - efficient format that required just three terabytes , running on a cluster of 70 field - programmable gate array ( FPGA ) boards .
THC did not publish its tables , however .
A5/1 Security Project , technique and results
At the Hacking at Random conference in July of 2009 , researchers Karsten Nohl and Sascha Krißler announced yet another effort to compute the code book , dubbed the A5/ 1 Security Project , utilizing distributed computing with publicly available source code .
The A5/1 Security Project code was designed to run on NVIDIA and ATI graphics cards using the CUDA parallelization architecture ; a participating node would claim a unique chunk of the code book from the project , then report its results back to the centralized server .
Nohl and Chris Paget announced in their 26C3 presentation that the project had completed computation of the tables , and that the complete result was available on Bittorrent .
Around 40 nodes participated in the effort over three months ; some false starts caused by bugs in the code slowed down the computation initially , but the results as presented at 26C3 are final .
The format chosen by the project uses a combination of rainbow tables and distinguished point tables as a space - saving measure .
Rather than storing the entire code book as a plaintext : ciphertext lookup table , rainbow tables compute chains of encrypted values , and store only the first and last values in the chain .
Decrypting a given value then involves generating a chain from the value , and looking at each step for a match in the rainbow table .
Thus , using longer chains in the rainbow table requires less storage space , but demands more time in the decryption step by requiring more computation steps looking for a match .
But once a match has been found , the key can then be determined allowing further decryption using the algorithm directly .
Distinguished point tables save space by selectively storing only those chains in the table that have an endpoint matching some helpful property — such as a long string of zero -bits .
Chains that do n't have that property are not stored saving a great deal of space , but turn the key extraction into a probabilistic search .
Given enough ciphertext , though , key extraction should be possible .
The team eventually settled on a combined table approach that used 380 tables , each of which consists of 32 distinguished - point segments of length 2^15 merged into one rainbow table .
In addition , they discovered ways to locate known plaintext in a GSM transmission ( such as predictable ACK packets ) that would save time and space by requiring a smaller subset of the code book to be computed .
If those details do not communicate much to non-cryptographers , the practical results should : the final tables take up just 2 terabytes of storage space , and can be used to perform near - real - time decryption .
Reaction and better security
Nohl and Paget are quick to point out that the completion of the A5/ 1 tables itself does not constitute a measure for intercepting and listening in on GSM telephone calls .
Shortly after news of the work went public , the GSM Association issued a press release playing down the result , based in large part on what it called the " practical complexity " of capturing and recording a GSM call .
Nohl and Paget dealt with that assertion in their talk , describing the components that would be required to receive , process , and record GSM calls , all of which are easy to obtain .
At the hardware level , the Universal Software Radio Peripheral ( USRP ) developed for the GNU Radio project can tune and capture GSM spectrum .
The OpenBTS software stack implements GSM and is designed for use with USRP , allowing the user to process and decode the data in a GSM channel , as well as to perform other feats in active attacks , such as faking a legitimate GSM base station .
Other software packages , such as OpenBSC and Airprobe , can also be used for specific GSM - related tasks .
The GSM Association press release also implies that any real - world risk inherent in a broken A5/1 is moot because the stronger A5/3 is also available , and is not subject to the same algorithmic attacks .
Nohl and Paget point out , however , that theoretical attacks on A5/3 have already been published , and that , despite its availability for over a decade , no carriers use it .
Moreover , the GSM protocol itself is still highly insecure ; in fact the same technique Barkan , Biham , and Keller used in 2003 to trick a phone into downgrading from A5/1 to A5 / 2 can also be used to attack A5/3 — since A5/3 uses the same encryption keys as A5/1 and A5 / 2 .
In addition , lack of network authentication and the fact that GSM phones automatically attach to the strongest available base station make interception and man - in - the - middle attacks possible , that are independent of the encryption method deployed .
Securing mobile phone communications is vital in today 's world .
As Nohl and Paget 's presentation noted , GSM is not only used for voice calls , but for SMS ( which increasingly includes financial transactions ) and EDGE data connections as well .
Consumers have no control over the GSM network , and although most have little to worry about in the realm of criminal attackers intercepting their voice calls , business and government users do .
40 off - the - shelf graphics cards computed the A5/ 1 code book in less than three months ; the estimated hardware needed to built a USRP - based GSM interceptor is less than US$ 3000 .
That is a trivial investment to anyone with a financial interest in eavesdropping .
On top of that , as the weakness of WEP encryption demonstrated to WiFi router owners , a broken security system leaves the network open to mischief , bandwidth - theft , and other security problems beyond call interception .
Hopefully , as the A5/ 1 Security Project suggests , the telecommunications sector will now take positive steps to correct the flaws in GSM and implement better security .
For the open source software community , however , there is another benefit to the project 's success : the basic idea is reusable .
The team built the distributed pre-computation framework to be generic ; it can work on any cipher , with different table layouts , and on multiple hardware back - ends .
In other words , if you have a cipher that needs a code book and you have access to 40 modern graphics cards , your job may have just gotten a lot easier .
Ferrari Theme Park in Abu Dhabi
Ferrari World Abu Dhabi , also known as Ferrari Experience , is an upcoming theme park on Yas Island in Abu Dhabi .
It is the first theme park designed around the Ferrari brand and will feature a racetrack , theater complex , miscellaneous driving activities , and three thrill rides .
The theme park will open its doors in 2010 .
The Ferrari theme park will be covered with its red roof which had been inspired by the classic double curve side profile of the Ferrari GT body .
The theme park covers a surface area of 200,000 meter square , which is equally 2.15 million square feet and measuring an astonishing 66 meters or 217 feet in diameter .
There will be a number of attractions for the theme park .
It will be included rides for children of all ages and the world ’s fastest roller coaster .
Traveling at speeds that exceeding 200 km/h ( 124 mph ) .
Visitors can now emulate the feeling and experience of being in the Ferrari F1 car .
In what is being described as the first ever and most comprehensive study of the effects of genetically modified foods on mammalian health , researchers have linked organ damage with consumption of Monsanto ’s GM maize .
All three varieties of GM corn , Mon 810 , Mon 863 and NK 603 , were approved for consumption by US , European and several other national food safety authorities .
Made public by European authorities in 2005 , Monsanto ’s confidential raw data of its 2002 feeding trials on rats that these researchers analyzed is the same data , ironically , that was used to approve them in different parts of the world .
The Committee of Research and Information on Genetic Engineering ( CRIIGEN ) and Universities of Caen and Rouen studied Monsanto ’s 90 - day feeding trials data of insecticide producing Mon 810 , Mon 863 and Roundup® herbicide absorbing NK 603 varieties of GM maize .
The data “ clearly underlines adverse impacts on kidneys and liver , the dietary detoxifying organs , as well as different levels of damages to heart , adrenal glands , spleen and haematopoietic system , ” reported Gilles - Eric Séralini , a molecular biologist at the University of Caen .
Although different levels of adverse impact on vital organs were noticed between the three GMOs , the 2009 research shows specific effects associated with consumption of each GMO , differentiated by sex and dose .
Their December 2009 study appears in the International Journal of Biological Sciences ( IJBS ) .
This latest study conforms with a 2007 analysis by CRIIGEN on Mon 863 , published in Environmental Contamination and Toxicology , using the same data .
Monsanto rejected the 2007 conclusions , stating : “ The analyses conducted by these authors are not consistent with what has been traditionally accepted for use by regulatory toxicologists for analysis of rat toxicology data . ”
In an email to me , Séralini explained that their study goes beyond Monsanto ’s analysis by exploring the sex - differentiated health effects on mammals , which Doull , et al. ignored :
“ Our study contradicts Monsanto conclusions because Monsanto systematically neglects significant health effects in mammals that are different in males and females eating GMOs , or not proportional to the dose .
This is a very serious mistake , dramatic for public health .
This is the major conclusion revealed by our work , the only careful reanalysis of Monsanto crude statistical data . ”
Other problems with Monsanto ’s conclusions
When testing for drug or pesticide safety , the standard protocol is to use three mammalian species .
The subject studies only used rats , yet won GMO approval in more than a dozen nations .
Chronic problems are rarely discovered in 90 days ; most often such tests run for up to two years .
Tests “ lasting longer than three months give more chances to reveal metabolic , nervous , immune , hormonal or cancer diseases , ” wrote Seralini et al. in their Doull rebuttal .
Further , Monsanto ’s analysis compared unrelated feeding groups , muddying the results .
The June 2009 rebuttal explains , “ In order to isolate the effect of the GM transformation process from other variables , it is only valid to compare the GMO … with its isogenic non-GM equivalent . ”
The researchers conclude that the raw data from all three GMO studies reveal novel pesticide residues will be present in food and feed and may pose grave health risks to those consuming them .
They have called for “ an immediate ban on the import and cultivation of these GMOs and strongly recommend additional long - term ( up to two years ) and multi-generational animal feeding studies on at least three species to provide true scientifically valid data on the acute and chronic toxic effects of GM crops , feed and foods . ”
Human health , of course , is of primary import to us , but ecological effects are also in play .
Ninety - nine percent of GMO crops either tolerate or produce insecticide .
This may be the reason we see bee colony collapse disorder and massive butterfly deaths .
If GMOs are wiping out Earth ’s pollinators , they are far more disastrous than the threat they pose to humans and other mammals .
Further Reading
Health Risks of GM Foods , Jeffrey M. Smith
Failure to Yield : Evaluating the Performance of Genetically Engineered Crops , Union of Concerned Scientists
Impacts of Genetically Engineered Crops on Pesticide Use : The First Thirteen Years , The Organic Center
New distros seem to pop -up every day in the GNU / Linux world .
The majority of them try to be as FREE as possible , however when attempting to install a distribution on a new PC of a common next door user , you will probably find ( I sure did ) that you ca n’t avoid falling into these two proprietary sins :
1- Adobe Flash Player :
Let ’s say that you install a new distro on a friend ’s PC .
You got it all setup and ready to use in no time and left his / her house feeling all proud and smiling , letting them enjoy the new experience .
You will most likely get a call in a minute or two from a familiar voice asking you why he / she can’t view videos on websites like Youtube .
Also , lots of websites depending on Flash Player will not be showing up properly or as designed to .
If you look for a free alternative software , you will soon end up installing GNASH , the GNU Flash movie player , which is quite an impressive try by the team over at GNU .
This replacement application does the job quite good I must confess .
Still , it wo n’t be long until problems start to occur : many sites will not support it , multimedia will not be playing correctly or crashing , you will be asked to install the Adobe Flash player or upgrade to the newest version of it .
The average user will quite soon get annoyed and start complaining .
HTML 5 was introduced recently and video support without the need of any software is a very important step on the road to stop depending on Adobe and the Flash Player , at least not for viewing videos that is .
This is a big step forward and it would be nice to see websites , especially the ones that are related to FREE software , starting to take advantage of all the new features .
2 – Graphic Drivers
Nvidia and AMD are doing a relatively good job with their Linux drivers and support .
I am sorry to say , that despite the voices and the pressure from the community , these drivers stay proprietary .
Using the nvidia driver myself , I came across some bits of troubles : suspending might not work , flickering might occur , refresh rate issues , maybe some incompatibilities with compiz etc .
Despite these , all in all the feeling is good .
According to the notification I get to install them on Ubuntu 9.10 : “ This proprietary driver is required to fully utilise the 3D potential of NVIDIA graphics cards , as well as provide 2D acceleration of newer cards .
If you wish to enable desktop effects , this driver is required .
If this driver is not enabled , you will not be able to enable desktop effects and will not be able to run software that requires 3D acceleration , such as some games . ”
As far as I know , the biggest equivalent to these proprietary drivers is the work of the team behind the nouveau project .
I had given a chance to this attempt in the past , but I was disappointed .
From what I read it has progressed , the 2D acceleration of the project is improving , but 3D acceleration is currently only suggested for testers .
I had never owned an AMD card , so there is little I can comment on here , however according to the FAQ on the official website :
“ Q4 : Is complete driver source code available ?
A4 : Some of the technologies supported in our driver are protected by non-disclosure agreements with third parties , so we cannot legally release the complete source code to our driver .
It is NOT open source .
We do , however , include source code for the control panel and certain other public segments .
We also actively assist developers in the Open Source community with their work , so if you absolutely require an open source driver for your graphics card , we can recommend using drivers from the DRI project , Utah - GLX project , or others . ”
If you are in an experimental mood , you can check the links given above for more .
If you do or you have some further knowledge of them , please post a comment below letting us know about your impressions and thoughts .
I feel obligated to mention here the attempt made by The Open Graphics Project , which is developing graphics cards with Free- licensed specifications and Free Software drivers .
I can only hope that this kind of work continues to exist and improve , producing the best of results .
Why do I bother writing about this ?
I belong to the FLOSS community for a year and a half now , and I try to keep as FREE as possible .
As most of people introduced to free software , I too came across various troubleshoots after I made the switch to GNU / Linux .
I tended to restart the system to my Windows partition on a daily basis , in order to complete a desired task .
Soon I discovered Wine , which does an excellent job running all those Windows applications that you have n’t yet discovered an alternative for .
Then I went on to using virtual machines like VMware and VirtualBox for the programs that would n’t run as intended on Wine .
Searching around the web , posting on forums , reading and learning , I have gradually managed to replace most of the applications I use with free equivalents , which nowadays even do the job I want better than the ones I previously used .
As a result , I rarely have to use the methods mentioned above .
These two applications , Adobe Flash Player and the Graphic Drivers , are the only ones that I have n’t been able to be replace with something free yet .
On the positive side , it ’s nice to see that the companies behind the programs try to maintain a GNU / Linux version of their software and have it up to date .
However they are still not free , and if you care about the ideology behind all these , am sure it ’s bugging you too .
Am waiting to see this coming to an end soon .
Since the companies do n’t seem to be persuaded to free the code and the software itself , I can only hope the teams behind the equivalent applications manage to get them to a fully working state as soon as possible .
Many might get the idea that I am writing this post to complain .
On the contrary , I am stressing out that the FLOSS community has come a long way in the short time that I consider myself a member .
Being completely FREE is a dream not that far away .
Depending on your needs , you might want to refer to some additional applications here , please keep in mind that this post is about the everyday user .
If you still have something to add , feel free to leave a comment below .
The Doomsday Clock ( wordpress.com )
The Doomsday Clock , which " measures " how far the world is to global disaster , will be moved Thursday by the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists , who maintain the symbolic clock face .
No one knows whether the clock will move closer to midnight ( destruction ) or not .
The clock is currently set to 5 minutes before midnight .
The Doomsday Clock is a symbolic clock face that was created in 1947 by the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists at the University of Chicago .
It uses the idea of " minutes to midnight " to represent " catastrophic destruction . "
The closer the clock is to midnight , the closer the world is to destruction .
The clock was adjusted last in 2007 .
The farthest the clock has ever been to midnight is 11:43 , way back in 1991 , when Russia and the US had just signed the Strategic Arms Control Treaty ( START ) .
The event will be streamed live on the Web at turnbacktheclock.org , from the New York Academy of Sciences at 10 am EST .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News , Portland
The SSV Corwith Cramer is involved in the plastics research Scientists have discovered an area of the North Atlantic Ocean where plastic debris accumulates .
The region is said to compare with the well - documented " great Pacific garbage patch " .
Kara Lavender Law of the Sea Education Association told the BBC that the issue of plastics had been " largely ignored " in the Atlantic .
She announced the findings of a two - decade - long study at the Ocean Sciences Meeting in Portland , Oregon , US .
The work is the conclusion of the longest and most extensive record of plastic marine debris in any ocean basin .
Scientists and students from the SEA collected plastic and marine debris in fine mesh nets that were towed behind a research vessel .
We know that many marine organisms are consuming these plastics and we know this has a bad effect on seabirds in particular
Dr Kara Lavender Law , Sea Education Association Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The nets dragged along were half - in and half - out of the water , picking up debris and small marine organisms from the sea surface .
The researchers carried out 6,100 tows in areas of the Caribbean and the North Atlantic - off the coast of the US .
More than half of these expeditions revealed floating pieces of plastic on the water surface .
These were pieces of low - density plastic that are used to make many consumer products , including plastic bags .
Dr Lavender Law said that the pieces of plastic she and her team picked up in the nets were generally very small - up to 1 cm across .
" We found a region fairly far north in the Atlantic Ocean where this debris appears to be concentrated and remains over long periods of time , " she explained .
" More than 80 % of the plastic pieces we collected in the tows were found between 22 and 38 degrees north .
So we have a latitude for [ where this ] rubbish seems to accumulate , " she said .
The maximum " plastic density " was 200,000 pieces of debris per square kilometre .
" That 's a maximum that is comparable with the Great Pacific Garbage Patch , " said Dr Lavender Law .
But she pointed out that there was not yet a clear estimate of the size of the patches in either the Pacific or the Atlantic .
" You can think of it in a similar way [ to the Pacific Garbage Patch ] , but I think the word ' patch ' can be misleading .
This is widely dispersed and it's small pieces of plastic , " she said .
The impacts on the marine environment of the plastics were still unknown , added the researcher .
" But we know that many marine organisms are consuming these plastics and we know this has a bad effect on seabirds in particular , " she told BBC News .
Nets are dragged half - in and half - out of the water
Nikolai Maximenko from University of Hawaii , who was not involved in the study , said that it was very important to continue the research to find out the impacts of plastic on the marine ecosystem .
He told BBC News : " We do n't know how much is consumed by living organisms ; we do n't have enough data .
" I think this is a big target for the next decade - a global network to observe plastics in the ocean . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
» Über die Entscheidung zur Ausfertigung des Internet - Sperr - Gesetzes sind wir enttäuscht .
Trotz erheblicher verfassungsrechtlicher Bedenken aller Experten hat der Bundespräsident am heutigen Tage das Zugangserschwerungsgesetz unterzeichnet .
Wir erwarten von der Bundesregierung , dass sie jetzt , wie angekündigt , umgehend die Initiative zur Aufhebung dieses gefährlichen Gesetzes ergreift .
In einem Aufhebungsgesetz müssen alle Grundlagen für eine Internet - Zensur - Infrastruktur außer Kraft gesetzt werden .
Die Bundestagsparteien sind nach eigenen Angaben überzeugt , dass der von der vorherigen Bundesregierung eingeschlagene
Weg grundsätzlich falsch ist , um gegen die Darstellung von Kindesmissbrauch im Internet vorzugehen .
Sie befürworten den auch vom Arbeitskreis geforderten - und als gangbar bewiesenen - rechtsstaatlichen Weg , diese Inhalte von den Servern löschen zu lassen .
Wir fordern die den Grundrechten verpflichteten Bundestagsabgeordneten auf , parteiübergreifend die Initiative für eine umgehende und umfassende Aufhebung des Zugangserschwerungsgesetzes zu ergreifen und gemeinsam abzustimmen .
Gelegenheit hierzu bietet sich dem Bundestag bereits am 25 .
Februar 2010 .
An diesem Tag werden die Aufhebungsanträge der Grünen , der Linken und der SPD in erster Lesung behandelt .
Jeder Gesetzesentwurf , der als Minimalziel eine vollständige Aufhebung des Zugangserschwerungsgesetzes vorsieht , sollte deshalb aus Sicht aller Bundestagsfraktionen zustimmungsfähig sein .
Mit dem nun in Kraft tretenden Gesetz werden Internet - Zugangsanbieter verpflichtet , Techniken zur allgemeinen Internet - Zensur bereit zu halten , wie wir sie beispielsweise aus Saudi - Arabien und China kennen .
Diese technische Verpflichtung bleibt auch dann bestehen , wenn die Bundesregierung das Bundeskriminalamt anweist , keine Sperrlisten herauszugeben .
Die Technik kann für die Filterung beliebiger Inhalte missbraucht werden .
Zuletzt kamen auch aus den Reihen der Bundesländer im Rahmen des Jugendmedienschutz - Staatsvertrags wieder Forderungen auf , unerwünschte Internet - Inhalte zu blockieren .
Parallel zur geforderten Aufhebungsinitiative im Bundestag bereiten die im AK Zensur mitwirkenden Juristen eine Verfassungsbeschwerde vor , da das Zugangserschwerungsgesetz nach unserer Einschätzung verfassungswidrig ist .
Erstmals wird damit in Deutschland eine Internet - Zensur - Infrastruktur gesetzlich verankert , die massiv in die Informations - , Rezipienten - und Meinungsfreiheit eingreift .
Für den heutigen 17 .
Februar rufen Internet - Aktivisten außerdem zur Demonstration um 18 Uhr vor dem Schloss Bellevue in Berlin auf .
Diesem Aufruf schließen wir uns an . «
Hintergrundinformationen :
Der AK Zensur hat mehrfach auf die verfassungsrechtlichen Probleme des Zugangserschwerungsgesetzes hingewiesen , u.a. in einem Brief an den Bundespräsidenten :
http://ak-zensur.de/2009/07/brief-bundespraesident.html
Ursula von der Leyen wurde 2009 mit dem Big Brother Award in der Kategorie Politik wegen ihres Einsatzes für das Zugangserschwerungsgesetz ausgezeichnet :
http://blog.odem.org/2009/10/bba-zensursula.html
Auch nach Erkenntnissen des BKA werden die meisten Webseiten mit kinderpornographischen Darstellungen aus den USA und Westeuropa einschließlich Deutschland verbreitet .
Es ist unverständlich , warum hier nicht schon bisher stärker gegen die Täter vorgegangen wird .
http://blog.odem.org/2010/01/30/bka-antwort-spd-bulmahn.pdf
http://ak-zensur.de/chart-au-liste-legende.jpg
„ Oft waren die Inhalte in 15 Minuten gelöscht “
http://www.golem.de/1002/72951.html
Stellungnahme vom AK Zensur zum Jugendmedienschutz - Staatsvertrag :
http://ak-zensur.de/2010/01/jmstv-stellungnahme.html
Kommentar zur Anhörung zum Jugendmedienschutz - Staatsvertrag :
http://ak-zensur.de/2010/01/jmstv-anhoerung.html
Aussender :
Arbeitskreis gegen Internet - Sperren und Zensur ( AK Zensur )
http://ak-zensur.de/
Pressekontakt :
presse@ak-zensur.de
Alvar Freude , Tel. ( 0179 ) 13 46 47 1 ( bitte NICHT in andere Blogs übernehmen , sondern hierher verweisen ! )
Über den Arbeitskreis gegen Internet - Sperren ( AK Zensur ) :
Dem AK Zensur gehören unter anderem an , in alphabetischer Reihenfolge : der Antispam e.V. , die Initiative falle - internet.de , der FoeBuD e.V , der Förderverein Informationstechnik und Gesellschaft e.V. ( FITUG ) , das Forum InformatikerInnen für Frieden und gesellschaftliche Verantwortung e.V. ( FIfF ) , die Missbrauchs Opfer gegen InternetSperren ( MOGIS ) , netzpolitik.org , ODEM.org , Spreeblick , der Trotz Allem e.V. und zahlreiche Einzelpersonen .
A humorous interlude demonstrates how the Administration 's quick - fire plans to punish Wall Street have in fact benefited firms such as Goldman which are increasingly paying bonuses in stock .
As Bloomberg reports , Goldman priced the share bonus at Firday 's Goldman closing price of $ 154.12 , which represents an 8.1 % two - day slide in the stock price , in essence awarding Goldman employees with a comparably higher number of shares .
With Goldman already trading at $ 157 , or nearly 2 % higher from Friday , Goldmanites have also locked in a short - term capital appreciation to boot .
Ironically , Goldman 's gain is JP Morgan 's loss , which priced bonus shares as of the January 20th closing price , which was followed by a nearly 10 % drop in JPM stock .
Once again , Goldman gets the better of Obama .
Obviously , assuming some form of lock up , the real question remains : where will the financial be in 3 years - the traditional full vesting period .
From Bloomberg :
“ The unintended consequences of some of this craziness coming out of Washington are breathtaking , ” said Michael Holland , who oversees more than $ 4 billion as chairman of Holland & Co. in New York .
“ In the process of trying to score political points , they have taken the target , in this case the so - called fat - cat bankers , and provided them with a reward . ”
Morgan Stanley priced its stock awards on Jan. 21 , the day Obama announced his plan , the firm said in a regulatory filing .
Morgan Stanley shares tumbled 4.2 percent that day and 5.3 percent on Jan. 22 .
JPMorgan Chase & Co. priced stock for most employees on Jan. 20 , a person familiar with the matter said .
Its shares tumbled 9.8 percent during the next two days .
Perhaps it is too much to ask of the administration to consider a " plan " for more than 24 hours in the future before implementing it .
Free weight squat better than Smith machine squat
If you have a choice between doing a straightforward free - weight squat and using a Smith machine , go for the old - fashioned way of doing squats .
According to a Canadian study – one in which the researchers attached electrodes to athletes ' muscles – doing a squat with free weights stimulates literally all muscle groups in the lower body better than the squat on the machine .
In theory there 's a lot to be said for doing squats on the Smith machine , admit the researchers who are based at the University of Saskatchewan .
For one thing , the movement is more stable and therefore probably safer .
In the Canadian study that has been published in the Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research , the increased stability had the effect that athletes were able to shift 13 - 25 kg more on the machine than with free weights .
But does that mean that your calf , thigh , stomach and lower back muscles work harder as well if you do your squats on a Smith machine ?
The researchers got six experienced power athletes to do a set of 8 reps on the machine and with free weights .
The researchers attached electrodes to the test subjects ' muscles so that they could monitor the electrical activity .
In the figure below TA stands for tibialis anterior , the muscle that runs over your shin bone ; the one that football players love to kick in their opponents .
Gastroc stands for gastrocnemius , the Latin name for your calf muscle .
VL stands for vastus lateralis and VM for vastus medialis .
The vastus lateralis is situated on the side of your thigh , the medialis is the tear - shaped muscle on the inside of your leg , just above your knee .
All muscles worked harder when the test subjects did their squats with free weights , but only in the gastrocnemius and the vastus medialis was the difference statistically significant .
These two muscles worked 34 and 49 percent harder respectively in the free - weight squat .
In the figure below BF stands for biceps femoris [ one of your hamstring muscles ] , RA for rectus abdominis [ your six - pack ] and ES for erector spinae [ your lower back muscle ] .
Once again , all muscles work harder during the free - weight squat than a machine squat .
For the biceps femoris the effect was statistically significant .
This muscle worked 26 percent harder in the free squat than in the machine squat .
Taking all the muscles together , they worked 43 percent harder during the free squat .
The conclusion that the researchers draw is not surprising .
" The free weight squat may be superior to the Smith machine squat for training the major muscle groups of the legs and possibly would result in greater strength development and hypertrophy of these muscle groups with long - term training . "
Source :
J Strength Cond Res. 2009 Dec;23(9):2588-91 .
More :
Squats protect against cancer 12.11.2009
Heavier squat , faster sprint 20.09.2009
Football players who do heavy squats jump higher and sprint faster 12.09.2009
Photo by vanz via Flickr
Another huge step was taken this morning in the effort to legalize marijuana beyond the current medical - use constraints .
The California Assembly 's Public Safety Committee voted 4 to 3 to approve A.B. 390 , the Marijuana Control , Regulation , and Education Act , which is the legislation that would tax and regulate marijuana in a manner similar to alcohol .
Part of the opposition was former CHP Commander Assemblyman Danny Gilmore ( R - Hanford ) , who was less than thrilled .
" We 're going to legalize marijuana , we 're going to tax it and then we 're going to educate our kids about the harm of drugs .
You 've got to be kidding me , '' he said .
" What 's next ?
Are we going to legalize methamphetamines , cocaine ? ''
The legislation now moves to the state 's Health Committee , but as LAist reported yesterday , a bill has a certain lifecycle before it dies and must be reintroduced again .
That deadline is Friday and the committee is not meeting between now and then .
However , Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , who introduced the bill , has vowed to reintroduce legislation similar to A.B. 390 during the next legislative session .
" It 's just the way things work in Sacramento , " explained Aaron Smith of the Marijuana Policy Project .
He said when it 's brought back to the table , though , it will move out of the Public Safety committee much faster , putting it into Health Committee .
Michelle D. sent in this cover of The Australian Women ’s Weekly featuring Sarah Murdoch , which includes the text “ why she wanted an all natural covershoot ” :
As Michelle pointed out , the woman has visible wrinkles , but she ’s clearly wearing a significant amount of makeup ( and teeth that are either bleached or covered with veneers ) , leading her to wonder what “ all natural ” means .
As it turns out , it means that she was n’t airbrushed or photoshopped .
If you google “ Australian Women ’s Weekly Sarah Murdoch , ” you ’ll find a ton of stories about it .
Now , let me be clear : I ’m not trying to minimize the courage it took for Sarah Murdoch to insist that her cover be un - touched - up or to speak in interviews about resisting the pressure to hide all signs of aging .
Nor am I saying that wearing makeup is evil .
I ’m just saying that , as I was reading the many stories in other news outlets about the cover , and looking at that “ all natural ” on the cover , and then looking at her face , I could n’t help but think that it says something about the level of inhuman youthful perfection we currently expect of celebrities that this woman ’s face , which as far as I can tell is flawless , would ever “ require ” touching up at all , and that showing herself looking like this is a major act of bravery and resistance because under normal circumstances , her face would be defined as unfit for a cover without technological “ fixing ” … and that all that makeup , teeth whitening , and eyebrow sculpting do n’t undermine the claim to being “ all natural ” because we just take those things for granted now .
La política de alianzas del sol azteca significa un gran riesgo para el tricolor , asegura
Inconforma a militantes perredistas la eventual candidatura de Xóchitl Gálvez en Hidalgo
TRADITIONAL MOUNTAINEERING
™
www.TraditionalMountaineering.org
™ and also
™
FREE BASIC TO ADVANCED ALPINE MOUNTAIN CLIMBING INSTRUCTION ™
Home | Information | Photos | Calendar | News | Seminars | Experiences | Questions | Updates | Books | Conditions | Links | Search
Search this site !
Read more :
Bend 's Steve House and Vince Anderson top Rupal Face alpine style in Pakistan
Congratulations Steve and Vince !
Nanga Parbat 's infamous Rupal Face , a vertical 13,500 ' challenge of snow , rock and ice ,
is widely considered the greatest alpine wall in the world !
Rupal Face of Nanga Parbat , widely considered the greatest alpine wall in the world .
House - Anderson Route , 2005
A NEW ROUTE ON THE RUPAL FACE CLIMBED IN ALPINE STYLE BY VINCE ANDERSON AND STEVE HOUSE
Nanga Parbat , 8125 m .
The Central Pillar of the Rupal Face .
September 1 - 8 , 2005 .
Anderson / House . ( 4,100 m , M5/5.9 , WI4 )
This timeline of the Anderson / House climb was sent to the Patagonia home office from Islamabad by Steve House on September 13th , 2005 .
On 6 September , 2005 , at 17:45 Vince Anderson and I stood on the windless summit of Nanga Parbat after six days of climbing .
We had climbed a new , direct route on the Rupal Face .
Famous for being one of the biggest , if not the biggest , wall in the world and because it saw its first ascent in 1970 by Reinhold and Gunther Messner .
Vince and I started at 4:00 a.m. on September 1 carrying 16kg of equipment each .
We had pared the equipment to the minimum we thought was necessary .
We carried a 1 kg tent and one synthetic sleeping bag that I sewed especially for this route .
We had the minimum of food and fuel .
Our rack consisted of 3 cams , 10 nuts , 9 titanium pitons , 5 ice screws , and 10 runners .
We climbed on a 8 mm rope and carried a 5 mm static rope to use for the many rappels back down the face .
Each was cut to 50 meters long .
August 31
4 a.m .
We left basecamp to start the route .
The weather forecast is good for 7 days .
At about 6:30 a.m. we arrived at the Bazhin glacier ( the start of the face ) .
Numerous snow avalanches were releasing on the face after receiving sun for the first time in many weeks .
After watching for a bit , we decided to allow the face to clean itself for a day .
We returned to basecamp and the weather was hot , dry , and clear all day .
September 1
4:00 a.m .
We again left basecamp , this time for real .
Around 6 a.m. we picked up our gear we cached at the glacier and started up the lower slopes of the face .
It was much quieter now , it seemed that most of the snow avalanches had run the previous day .
The warmth came on quickly as another hot and dry day was upon us .
We worked through some crevasses at the bottom of the face while trying to avoid exposure from the large ice avalanched from the seracs above ( the guillotine ) .
After one hour on the glacier we were on a prominent rocky rib that provides safety .
We followed the rib for several hundred meters before being forced out left and back into a large couloir .
Now avalanches were running frequently down the couloir , but were restricted in their course by a deep channel in the snow .
We were able to stay to the side of the channel for a few hundred meters more , then were forced to cross it between sloughs .
It only took a few moments to cross , but it proved to be exciting nonetheless as avalanches came rushing down the flume with increasing frequency as the day progressed .
Now we continued cramponing up 40 - degree snow for several hundred meters more until we had to re-cross the channels ( now there were two of them ) .
We did so quickly , and again were back on the rocky buttress .
At the top of the buttress we were at about 5,100 meters and even with the bottom of the next rocky step , which is the crux of the route .
We traversed a snow slope to the base of the slope and found a good bivy in the bergschrund there .
This is the same bivy site Bruce and Steve used in 2004 .
It was hot and there was plenty of melt - water running so we could fill up without melting snow on the stove .
September 2
We left the bivy at 3:00 a.m. in the dark to avoid exposure to rockfall .
There was ice in the section immediately above the bergschrund that required us to belay several hundred feet where Steve and Bruce had soloed in 2004 .
By the time we arrived at the crux , it was in full sunlight and rocks were beginning to fall .
The pitch consisted of a snow - filled steep corner and the rock was covered with a new glazing of ice .
The ice was not thick enough , or solid enough , for screws and often picks would shear through it .
Snow covered the underlying rock and made it difficult to dry - tool and find protection .
Protection was very inadequate on this pitch and the climbing was tedious .
After spending much time climbing and protecting it to half - height Vince needed a break and lowered off a good piece to let Steve finish the pitch .
Steve opted to lead without a pack ( and haul ) .
This made things a bit easier for him , but still the protection was scarce and the climbing serious .
He dry - tooled a section of loose and slopey rock ( 5.9 ) .
This pitch took us several hours to complete and all the while volleys of stones and ice would periodically rain down upon the belay .
After the crux there were several more mostly easy pitches to the top of the rock buttress .
We simul - climbed much of this section .
It was now 1:00 p.m. and we had been out for 10 hours .
We elected to bivy here , as it was safe , despite having gained only 300 meters from the last bivy .
This is also the same place Steve and Bruce bivied in 2004 on their second night .
Again we reaped the benefit of the warm weather and filled our pot with melt - water .
September 3 - The eighteen - hour day
At 5 a .m. we left camp .
We ascended a short snow ramp above camp and traversed across an avalanche runnel that ran big several times during the previous night due to serac - avalanches .
From here we continued climbing 45 - degree snow below another rock buttress and traversed another avalanche runnel .
At this point we diverged from the 2004 route .
We decided to do that because the 2004 route seemed dangerous due to high snow levels in 2005 and direct pillar is a more aesthetic and difficult line .
The excitement of trying a new line that had some serious question marks about it won out .
Several hundred more meters of steep snow brought us to the base of a rock buttress and safety from avalanches .
A few moderate mixed pitches got us onto ice runnels above .
We did many 150 - meter simul - pitches just left of the ridge crest and eventually the day ended .
We continued climbing in to the night , now pitch by pitch .
We encountered one difficult mixed pitch of snow and steep loose rock .
Steve led this pitch and puked at the belay afterwards .
From here we could traverse right onto the hanging glacier that is one of the keys to this route .
We found a wild , but safe , bivy under a serac .
It was 11:00 p.m. and we were both very tired from the effort .
We were at approximately 6,200 meters .
September 4 - Key Passage
After sleeping in , we left camp around 10:30 a.m .
We ascended easy snow slopes above the bivy that eventually yielded to 45 - degree snow and ice .
The rock headwall above was steep and we needed to find an easy passage through it .
A little ways up , we found a nice WI 3 ramp leading through to the left .
This was a key section that looked possibly impassable from photos , so it was a relief to find this section of water ice .
As we climbed this , the day came to an end and we began looking for a place to bivy .
Steve led up snow and ice to the ridge on our left in hopes of finding a good snow to make a tent platform .
As he mounted his steed , a large piece of it fell out beneath him .
A single tool placement in snow saved him from a huge whipper and large chunks of snow hammered Vince .
A bit further on , we found a spot on the ridge that could be leveled to the width of the tent , barely .
The ledge was tiny and precarious , so we stayed tied in for the night should the snow underneath cut loose .
We were at approximately 7,000 meters .
September 5
Again a 10:30 a.m. start due to the length of the previous days effort .
We rapped from our perch back to the snow slopes below .
From here , we began heading up easy ice to the upper snow slopes of the ramp system we were on .
The altitude effect was obvious here and we were moving slow .
We plodded away up these slopes and gained the crest of the ridge just below a short mixed passage leading to the upper snow slopes very near to where Steve and Bruce had turned back the previous year .
We were also right above the Merkl Icefield .
We made our high camp here at 7,400 meters .
September 6 - Summit Day
At 3:30 a.m. we set off for our summit attempt with one light pack between the two of us with 3 liters of water , 2 liters of Spiz ( energy mix ) , several packs of GU each and 50 meters of 5 mm cord .
After two pitches of mixed climbing , we began plodding up deep , steep , unconsolidated , faceted snow .
This process was extremely slow , difficult , and discouraging .
After 100 meters of this , the snow surface had strengthened enough to allow us to travel on top .
We continued up moderately steep snow and ice until we were able to gain a rocky ridge crest to our left .
It was slow moving up the easy mixed terrain on the ridge .
The weather was superb , it was even slightly hot .
By mid-day , we joined the upper Messner route at around 7,900 meters .
We could see faint hints of the Korean climbers ' tracks from July .
This eventually brought us to easy snow and by 4:00 p.m. we arrived at the false summit .
There , at 8,000 meters , Steve took off his boots to dry off his socks in the sun and Vince took a 5 - minute nap .
At 5:45 p.m. we arrived at the summit .
We savored a few minutes together , took in the marvelous views in all directions , shot some photographs and at 6:00 p.m. descended from the summit .
We made it down the easy summit snowfields before darkness caught us .
We continued descending our route of ascent , rappelling many sections with our 50 meters of rope until we reached the top of the two mixed pitches above camp where we had another rope .
Two rappels from here and a short walk had us both back to camp at 3:00 a.m. , 24 hours after starting .
We made some water and promptly went to sleep .
September 7
After a light night 's sleep we left camp around 8:00 a.m .
We began by doing 6 steep rappels down to the Merkl Icefield to join the 1970 Messner route .
Upon reaching the Merkl , we found a tent abandoned by the Koreans .
We continued down - climbing the Merkl Icefield and eventually began rappelling .
We reached the approximate height of camp 2 ( ca. 6,000 m. ) by nightfall and continued descending .
By 11:00 p.m. we reached what we thought to be the site of camp 1 ( ca. 5,500 m. ) and bivied under a serac .
Steve 's headlamp batteries were failing and Vince inadvertently dropped his lamp forcing us to sleep here .
We could see many large bonfires awaiting us below and hear the local villagers drumming in celebration .
September 8
After a coughing - fit filled night , we woke around 7:00 a.m. and continued our slow descent to base camp .
Exhausted from 8 days on the go and precious little sleep , we arrived in camp around 2:00 in the afternoon to the great excitement of our Liaison Officer and other locals .
Afterwards :
We have been overwhelmed by the local response to our ascent .
All the way out to the road head locals stopped us and congratulated us .
In Tarshing ( the road head ) , about 200 schoolchildren turned out to greet us with bouquets of flowers , posters commemorating our climb , and flower leis .
The town had a ceremony and the mayor and school headmasters all made speeches .
Wild !
It turns out the whole valley was watching our progress by seeing our headlamps each night .
And the summit day was so clear , many people watched us summit through binoculars .
Summary :
Nanga Parbat .
The Central Pillar of the Rupal Face .
Sept 1 - 8 , 2005 .
Anderson / House . ( 4,100 m , M5/5.9 , WI4 )
A note from Steve and Vince : Note that if you measure the face from the Bazhin Glacier right where the face starts , it is 4,125 meters .
Some people measure the face as 5,000 meters , but to get 5,000 meters you have to measure from the village of Tarshing where you start the trek to basecamp .
4,100 meters seems to us like an honest measurement of the amount of climbing on the face .
http://www.patagonia.com/culture/fieldreports/2005/steve_house.shtml
RUPAL FACE II : A NEW ROUTE ON THE RUPAL FACE CLIMBED IN ALPINE STYLE
FOR GRIVEL , BY STEVE HOUSE
On 6 September , at 17:45 Vince Anderson and I stood on the windless summit of Nanga Parbat after six days of climbing .
We had climbed a new , direct route on the Rupal Face .
Famous for being one of the biggest , if not the biggest , wall in the world and because it saw its first ascent in 1970 by Reinhold and Gunther Messner .
The Rupal Face of Nanga Parbat with the Anderson - House line of September 2005 shown
Vince and I started at 4:00 on 1 September carrying 16kg of equipment each .
We had pared the equipment to the minimum we thought was necessary .
We carried a 1 kg tent and one synthetic sleeping bag that I sewed especially for this route .
We had the minimum of food and fuel .
Our rack consisted of 3 cams , 10 nuts , 9 titanium pitons , 5 ice screws , and 10 runners .
We climbed on a 8 mm rope and carried a 5 mm static rope to use for the many rappels back down the face .
Each was cut to 50 meters long .
The first two nights we followed the route climbed by myself and Bruce Miller in 2004 . ( to 7,500 m , no summit ) .
On the third day , searching for more of an adventure than merely completing the 2004 line and dealing with more snow on the wall that we found in 2004 , Vince and I headed straight up the prominent pillar in the center of the face .
That day we climbed many pitches .
( We lost count around 15 , and if you counted the simu - climbing it was probably more than 30 ) After 18 hours of climbing we finally reached a place where we could bivouac .
I was most nervous about the next day .
So far we had climbed a mostly - safe , beautiful direct line .
But the photos I had and the reconnaissance I had done had revealed no easy way through the rock barrier above us .
After several hours of mostly moderate ice climbing which we soloed , we took a break just below the key section .
I was hoping for an ice line that we could climb quickly .
And after a deep breath , I set off to the right , and was rewarded by the site of a grade 3 or 4 icefall above us .
I was so happy , and so keen to make this section go as quickly as possible , I soloed the 50 meters of steep ice with my pack while Vince waited below .
At that moment I felt like I was flying above the mountains , I was so happy to find this key passage .
After climbing the pitch I lowered the rope to Vince and belayed him up to me .
I stayed in lead for the rest of the afternoon and the coming night .
As quickly as possible we climbed up through several more steep ( but not as serious ) steps of ice .
Conditions were excellent , but we needed to find a bivouac soon .
This is when we had our closest brush with disaster .
We were simu - climbing with me in the lead and I was trying to get on top of a narrow ridge in hopes of discovering some place to set the tent .
While mounting the cornice , it broke out from underneath me .
Me feet swung free and one of my ice axes pulled out .
By luck my other ice tool stayed put and I got my feet back in and quickly swung over onto the other side of the very narrow ridge , which unfortunately was just as steep on the other side .
The big pieces of hard snow hit Vince and fortunately he did not get pulled off .
If he had I am sure my one tool would not have held both of us and my last ice screw was more that 20 meters below me .
It was a very dangerous moment .
In the end we were able to cut off the top of the ridge just 20 meters higher and pitch the tent in a very small and exposed ( but flat ) place .
In the morning we rappelled back to the main ice gully and continued to our high bivouac at approximately 7,400 meters .
This day was tiring only because of the altitude as the technical difficulties eased the higher we climbed .
Summit day was physically one of the hardest days I have ever had in the mountains .
We had climbed for five days with very limited chance for recovery .
Fortunately the weather was perfect .
But I was not sure that we would succeed until we arrived just below the south summit at over 8,000 meters and could see the last easy meters to the top .
The descent ran late into the night .
We made mistakes and climbed slowly .
Nearly losing our 5 mm rope at one point and having difficulty with the rappels which seemed to be always getting tangled and stuck .
In the morning we packed as soon as we could and organized for the descent .
Our plan was to rappel the steep wall below us to the Merkyl Icefield where we would join the 1970 - Messner route and follow that route to the base of the wall .
The weather was still good , but during the afternoons the clouds showed some sign that would end soon .
We made many rappels that day and down climbed as much as possible .
We continued late into the night .
Finally halting about 2,000 meters lower than we started ( approx 5,500 m ) when Vince dropped his headlamp and my batteries began to fail .
The next day we sluggishly made our way down to the valley , meeting our Liaison Officer and several excited locals near the 1970 basecamp in the early afternoon .
After one full day of rest we had to pack up and trek out in order for Vince to make his flight on the 14th which would allow him to get to work as a guide examiner on 16 September .
Summary :
Nanga Parbat , 8125 m .
The Central Pillar of the Rupal Face .
1 - 8 September , 2005 .
Anderson / House . ( 4,100 m , M5 X , 5.9 , WI4 ) .
Note that if you measure the face from the Bazhin Glacier right where the face starts , it is 4,125 meters .
Some people measure the face as 5,000 meters , but to get 5,000 meters you have to measure from the village of Tarshing where you start the trek to basecamp .
4,100 meters seems to us like an honest measurement of the amount of climbing on the face .
http://www.grivelnorthamerica.com/headlines.php?id=34
A dream climb
It took a Bend mountaineer 15 years , but he 's finally helped blaze a new path up one of the world 's tallest mountain faces
The Bulletin
By Abbie Bean
November 22 , 2005
Exactly 15 years ago , climber Steve House got his first , live look at the tallest mountain face on the planet : the 13,500 foot Rupal face on Pakistan 's Nanga Parbat .
Exactly 15 years ago , a dream was born .
Exactly 15 years later , House opened a new route on the Rupal face , billed the Central Pillar route , and became part of one of the first teams to ascend the face in alpine style .
At the time House first set his sights on 26,660 - foot Nanga Parbat , the ninth tallest mountain in the world , he was a 20 - year old college student on a Slovenian expedition , and still a relative novice as a climber and mountaineer .
After starting to climb with his father , House gained experience between high school in his hometown of La Grande and college at Evergreen State in Olympia , Wash . , while living in the former Yugoslavia , where he was studying as an exchange student :
As House tells it , climbing was big in Yugoslavia , which inspired him to join his first climbing club abroad .
Today , House , 35 , a Bend resident and contract employee for outdoor retail company Patagonia , can now say not only he has fulfilled his dream of climbing the Rupal face , but that he has made climbing history as well - by tackling the face in alpine style .
Between September and September 8 , 2005 , House and his climbing partner , Vince Anderson of Ridgway , Colorado . , successfully pioneered a new route on the Rupal face , carrying all their supplies to make the ascent of the route in one push .
They used no pre-established camps and no pre-established ropes to guide climbers between camps .
There was no returning to a lower camp to replenish supplies before continuing upward .
House and Anderson simply set up camp wherever they were when they decided the day was done .
Just last year , House attempted the route in alpine style with fellow climber Bruce Miller of Boulder , Colo . , but they had to descend when House fell ill .
House says that he is an " alpine - style hardliner " for two reasons : " First , I think it 's environmentally important , " says House , who has also climbed in the Cascades " and the Canadian Rockies and has been on 27 climbing expeditions in Alaska .
" I just think it 's wrong to leave a lot of .garbage on the mountains - ropes , tents and ' oxygen bottles .
Also , we already know we can climb any route with enough technology .
So what 's the point ?
That 's not interesting .
Uncertainty is the most important aspect ( of climbing ) . "
House said he believes that climbing the highest mountains in the world is not necessarily synonymous with accomplishing the world 's greatest mountaineering feats .
He explains that what is important to him is the creative process used when mountaineering , ascending routes that are more technically challenging , and experiencing the beauty of the mountains .
" To observers and historians , this is my most important climb , " says House nonchalantly .
" But for me personally , it was no better than some climbs I did last year , except that everything went right . "
After laying the philosophical groundwork for the story of his latest expedition , House begins to flesh out the tale with details of his assault on the Rupal face :
There were four men at base camp : House and Anderson , who would be climbing one route up the Rupal face , and two other men attempting a different route up the face .
House said a minimum of four climbers were needed at base camp to make the trip financially , feasible .
It 'was $ 4,500 for House and Anderson to obtain their permit to climb the Rupal face , and they needed an additional $ 9,800 to finance the rest of the trip .
House said Anderson and he began their ascent in September , when weather conditions were likely to be most favorable in Pakistan .
Throughout the climb , the weather was perfect .
According to House , the duo carried nothing unnecessary in their packs , one of which weighed 10 pounds and the other 25 pounds .
House would take the lighter pack occasionally , leading the climb and negotiating its technical challenges .
Then Anderson would ' carry the lighter pack and take his turn turn at leading .
In addition to the packs , the climbers were strapped with everything from ice axes to climbing ropes .
House describes the ascent as extremely draining , and he reports losing 15 pounds over the course of the eight day climb .
During the day , House and Anderson ate energy foods , bars and gels , and nightly meals consisted ' of a cup of soup and dried mashed potatoes with olive oil .
" Alpine style is pure , " says House .
" It takes more commitment . "
By September 6 , the climbers ' commitment had paid off .
They reached the summit of the Rupal face at 5:45 p.m. , in just six days .
" It was one of the most memorable moments of the trip , " recalls House .
I had my eye on the route for a long time .
I 'd arranged my entire life around this goal .
I did anywhere from 26 to 28 hours of training on a hard week .
I had to finance the trip .
I had to take time off from work . "
Just six weeks after the final day of the Rupal face descent , House is lounging on the couch in .
his girlfriend Jeanne 's home off Newport Avenue , recovering from a long day of climbing at Smith Rock State Park .
The next day he plans to go elk hunting - a childhood hobby - with his uncle and nephew .
" It 's just in my .
heart to do it , " he says of his dedication to climbing .
" I love climbing , ( setting up the gear ) , achieving goals or not achieving them .
The more you put into climbing , the more it gives back to you , I think . "
Soon , House will resume work for Patagonia , where he has been involved in product development and grass - roots marketing .
He also continues to teach climbing clinics and present climbing slide shows at Patagonia - sponsored festivals .
" This has been my favorite job so far , " says House , who has also worked as a mountain guide in Washington , and as an avalanche forecaster for the , Cascades .
In addition , House hopes to continue to complete two major expeditions per year .
But for now he can rest knowing he has accomplished one of his greatest goals , even though he feels the truest rewards of mountaineering are not found in the afterglow .
" The most rewarding part is the experience itself " House said .
, " I am happy I did it , but there : is also a bit of an empty feeling now .
I am feeling a little lost . "
Get all the news !
Note : Nanga Parbat 's infamous Rupal Face , a vertical 13,500 foot challenge of snow , rock and ice is widely considered the greatest alpine wall in the world .
This very big climb has been ( so far ) reported briefly in Issue 244 , December 2005 , Climbing Magazine .
The pure success of House and Anderson is contrasted in the media with the failed climb of of the celebrated Slovenian climber Tomaz Humar who was rescued from the Rupal Face by a high altitude French helicopter with huge media coverage in August 2005 , about a month before Steve and Vince walked back to camp .
( National Geographic Adventure Magazine covers the now controversial Tomaz Humar rescue in its December 2005 issue . )
-- Webmeister Speik
HOUSE - BACKES -TWIGHT
ON CZD
Steve House , Scott Backes and Mark Twight climbed the Czech Direct on Denali
N13 Czech Direct Alaskan Grade 6 +
Adarn , Krizo and Korl 1984 .
This is objectively safer but technically harder than the other South Face routes , with sustained difficulties , 60 - 100° ice and 5.6 rock and poor bivouac sites on the first 1500 m ( 5000 ft ) .
About 12 - 21 days .
June 24 - 26 Steve House , Scott Backes and Mark Twight climbed the Czech Direct on Denali .
The first ascent , in 1986 , required 11 days and approximately 1000 ' of fixed rope .
Kevin Mahoney and partner ( Ben Gilmore ) made the second ascent over 8 days in May , 2000 .
The Backes / House /
Twight team climbed it in 60 hours non-stop .
They carried no bivouac gear apart from a 2lb Down or Polarguard jacket each .
The trio brought two stoves in order to melt enough snow to stay hydrated .
Starting with just 22 oz of fuel for each , these ran out of gas at hour 48 .
A total of 55 lbs was split between two packs , ( 18lbs were water ) , leaving the leader pack - free to move fast .
The Czech Direct is 9000 ' high .
But only 5500 ' present any climbing difficulty : ice climbing up to WI6 and rock to UIAA V+ ( USA 5.9 ) .
The team belayed 31 ( 60 m ) pitches , simul - climbed some terrain and soloed the rest including the first 1000 ' where the Czechs belayed 9 pitches .
After crossing the bergschrund at 06h Backes , House and Twight passed the Czech 's second bivouac site at 08h .
They found many good quality pitches .
Twight exclaims , " It was fantastic climbing and there was a lot of it .
The Czech topo showed 24 pitches of UIAA III ( USA 5.4 ) or harder .
Ice conditions were such that we never holstered our tools - but we did have to file them twice during the
climb . "
Twenty - four hours into it , almost 4000 ' up the route the trio passed the point of no return .
The Czechs had climbed 43 pitches to reach the same spot .
Twight said , " we did n't have enough gear to retreat , the terrain would have swallowed us .
That we had to go up was liberating and terrifying , both " .
The concurrent arrival of poor visibility , the 34th hour 's low blood sugar and the proximity of a serac known as " Big Bertha " caused a route - finding error at around 15,900 ' .
" We behaved like beginners , trying different ways through the last rock - band , " says Twight .
" We did n't want to be anywhere near the serac so we trended west .
Finally , we sat down to brew and think objectively .
The route was actually obvious - further east , right next to Big Bertha .
It was safer than it sounds . "
But the team was hammered , " I caught House snoring at one belay " Twight recalls .
" It 's the beautiful thing about climbing as a team of three : one leads , one belays and the other passes out in his harness . "
Difficulties ended at 16,800 ' .
The original Czech line remains independent , following easy snow slopes cris-crossed by crevasses to the summit .
Instead , Backes , House and Twight simul - climbed to 17,400 ' where they joined the Cassin Ridge at 14h and unroped .
Sixty hours after crossing the bergschrund they traversed onto " Pig Hill " just beneath Kahiltna Horn , 200 ' below the summit .
Twight admits , " it 's the first time I regret missing a summit .
Our effort deserved a better finish but we were fairly wasted by that point . "
Despite this the team made it down the West Buttress to the National Park Service camp at 14,000 ' in 2hrs 20 min .
" We slept and ate for 24 hours there before recovering our skis from a cache at 11,000 ' and sliding back to the airstrip at 7200 ' .
Backes summed the climb up by saying , " The CZD is certainly one of the best mixed climbs in the world .
It 's crazy that it went unrepeated for 14 years . "
House stated simply , " It was my first world - class route , " as if the other routes he 's done in Alaska , the Yukon and Canadian Rockies are anything less .
Twight concludes , " psychologically it was quite intense .
Steve had climbed continuously for 36 hours on King Peak .
Scott and I had gone 41 hours without sleep on Mount Hunter in 1994 .
60 hours of non -stop climbing was a huge step for all of us .
Sleep deprivation , combined with the constant demand for a high level of awareness transported
us to an unfamiliar place .
The cramps were fierce and the aural hallucinations memorable .
Ultimately , I think , beyond a certain point , exhaustion has its way with a climber ; we dropped some gear - a cam , a screw , and an ice tool - and got lost .
Everyone 's mental ability to lead more than two pitches in a row was compromised by hour 40 .
On the other hand , if someone could go lighter than us they could climb it faster . "
http://www.risk.ru/eng/mount/reports/czech/
Read more . . .
Steve House
Beth Rodden and Tommy Caldwell
Dan Osman
Conrad Messner
Tomaz Humar
About Alpine Mountaineering :
The Sport of Alpine Mountaineering
Climbing Together
Following the Leader
The Mountaineers ' Rope
Basic Responsibilities Cuatro Responsabiliades Basicas de Quienes Salen al Campo
The Ten Essentials Los Diez Sistemas Esenciales
TECHNICAL MOUNTAINEERING
What is the best traditional alpine mountaineering summit pack ?
What is the best belay | rappel | autoblock device for traditional alpine mountaineering ?
What gear do you normally rack on your traditional alpine mountaineering harness ?
Photos ?
What is the best traditional alpine mountaineering seat harness ?
Photos ?
Can I use a Sharpie Pen for Marking the Middle of the Climbing Rope ?
What are the highest peaks in Oregon ?
Alphabetically ?
CARBORATION AND HYDRATION
Is running the Western States 100 part of " traditional mountaineering " ?
What 's wrong with GORP ?
Answers to the quiz !
Why do I need to count carbohydrate calories ?
What should I know about having a big freeze - dried dinner ?
What about carbo-ration and fluid replacement during traditional alpine climbing ?
4 pages in pdf
What should I eat before a day of alpine climbing ?
ALPINE CLIMBING ON SNOW AND ICE
Winter mountaineering hazards - streams and lakes
Is long distance backpacking part of " traditional mountaineering " ?
How long is the traditional alpine mountaineering ice axe ?
What about climbing Mt. Hood ?
What is a good personal description of the south side route on Mount Hood ?
What should I know about travel over hard snow and ice ?
How can I learn to self belay and ice axe arrest ?
6 pdf pages
What should I know about snow caves ?
What should I know about climbing Aconcagua ?
AVALANCHE AVOIDANCE
Young Bend man dies in back county avalanche
What is an avalanche cord ?
Avalanche training courses - understanding avalanche risk
How is avalanche risk described and rated by the professionals ?
pdf table
How can I avoid dying in an avalanche ?
Known avalanche slopes near Bend , OR ?
What is a PLB ?
Can I avoid avalanche risk with good gear and seminars ?
pdf file
SNOWSHOES AND CRAMPONS
Why do you like GAB crampons for traditional mountaineering ?
What should I know about the new snowshoe trails
What are technical snowshoes ?
Which crampons are the best ?
What about Boots and Shoes ?
YOUR ESSENTIAL SUMMIT PACK
What are the new Ten Essential Systems ?
What does experience tell us about Light and Fast climbing ?
What is the best traditional alpine mountaineering summit pack ?
What is Light and Fast alpine climbing ?
What do you carry in your day pack ?
Photos ?
What do you carry in your winter day pack ?
Photos ?
What should I know about " space blankets " ?
Where can I get a personal and a group first aid kit ?
Photos ?
YOUR LITE AND FAST BACKPACK
Which light backpack do you use for winter and summer ?
Analysis pdf
What would you carry in your backpack to climb Shasta or Adams ?
What is the best traditional alpine mountaineering summit pack ?
Photos of lite gear packed for a multi day approach to spring and summer summits
Backpack lite gear list for spring and summer alpine mountaineering 4 pdf pages
ESSENTIAL PERSONAL GEAR
What clothing do you wear for Light and Fast winter mountaineering ?
What do you carry in your winter day pack ?
Photos ?
Which digital camera do you use in the mountains ?
What about Boots and Shoes ?
TRADITIONAL KNOWLEDGE
How did you become interested in traditional mountaineering techniques ?
Who is Conrad Messner ?
What is traditional slacklining or highlining ?
What are some of the comments you have received ?
Who was Peter Starr ?
Who are the Mazamas ?
What is an avalanche cord ?
Who were the notorious Vulgarians ?
How was top rope climbing practiced in the 1970s ?
What is a Whillans sit harness ?
What is a dulfersitz rappel ?
How do I self - belay a rappel ?
The most fascinating aspect of the debate about the future of Haiti is its absence .
All " discussion " consists of assertions that " the west " must rebuild the country .
" The west " is a useful term .
If things go very well , the Haitians will get the credit .
If they go moderately well , the EU -- but probably the French -- will claim the kudos .
If they go badly , the US will be universally blamed ( because that 's what Yanks are there for ) and everyone will be happy .
To suggest that the best thing that outsiders can do once the immediate rescue work is finished , and the water is flowing , is to leave the Haitians to rebuild their own country is merely to invite shrill accusations of racism .
However , you might have forgotten that the Chinese were hit by an earthquake two years ago .
It killed 68,712 people , left 17,921 missing , with more than 374,000 injured and at least 15 million homeless .
Even if those figures are invented -- and I suspect they 're not -- they bespeak the existence of a government that can count , which is more than Haiti has ever had .
( Cue hisses of " racist ! " at this irrefutable truth ) .
Yet the two earthquakes rather conveniently bring together the two extremes of foreignness .
The Chinese -- who probably had the worst 20th century of anyone save the Jews -- do not naturally attract pity , yet without it , have largely rebuilt Sichuan .
The Haitians have been cursed by pity throughout their existence , and now are probably about to be suffocated by it .
In 10 years ' time , I bet , outsiders will still be rebuilding Haiti , while the Haitians will continue to do whatever it was they were doing before the earthquake struck , back when George Hook went to build houses for them .
It must be Stephen Hawking 's turn soon .
Pity is the most human of emotions .
It is also one of the most ruinous .
It robs its subjects of responsibility , initiative , independence , courage , self - respect and will : hence the fate of so many African countries .
Yet no pity rescued Poland or Italy or the Ukraine or Germany or Japan after the Second World War .
Their peoples alone did .
Moreover , uncontrolled pity can damage those who feel it , sentimentalising judgment and elevating emotions .
It makes an intellectual assessment of any problem almost impossible , for to use your brain equates with " heartlessness " .
Yet pity is also a strangely useful tool , for it reveals a strange global hierarchy .
At the bottom are black people , whom everyone pities .
At the top are the Chinese , whom no one pities .
Alongside them are the English , the one foreign group that Hollywood may officially reduce to unpleasant racist stereotypes .
And the cultural censor that allows this actually has a strange Oedipal streak .
For the only US ethnic identity which can be perpetually reduced to a stereotype of grasping , greedy , shallow bigots are WASPs .
Not far behind them are the hillbillies of the Appalachians , namely , the Ulster - Scots .
Yet these are the very peoples who made the US ( and who are both symbolically represented in that convenient pastiche , the Hatfields and McCoys ) .
Between them , they founded and refined and fought for American freedoms , and then opened the doors of their country to the peoples of the world .
The outsiders poured in , and ever since have shown their gratitude to the founding peoples of the USA by lampooning WASPs called Dexter and trailer - trash called Bub , in ways which would be unacceptable if the subjects were African - Americans or Jews or Irish Catholics .
The taboos of this cultural hierarchy cause even simple truths to remain unspoken .
Jews have been disproportionately responsible for financial crime in the US , yet even to utter this simple truth is to court shrieks of anti-Semitism .
In Europe , on the other hand , the only public criticisms of Jews that are not merely allowed , but are actually encouraged , are of Israel , about which " liberals " may utter the most ludicrously untrue and racist libels , and be applauded .
This strange cultural censor reluctantly allows us to acknowledge the role of blacks in street crime in Britain and the US , but preferably as a measure of their " victimhood " .
That blacks are grossly over - represented in sex offenders ' wings in jails , however , or are responsible for the vast majority of trans - racial sex- crime , may not be publicly discussed at all .
Moreover , the total absence of Jews from sex offenders ' wings is similarly unacknowledged , for it could lead to uncomfortable questions .
If Jews do n't rape , and they do n't , then is it possible that our secular Christian culture -- never mind Afro-culture -- actually creates rapists ?
And if we can talk about Jews NEVER being sex offenders , can we then discuss Jews ' disproportionate role as swindlers ?
Of course not : so we discuss neither .
You can say we have free speech -- but we have n't .
Example : I can say Americans are loud , boorish , lazy and insensitive morons , and that 's fine .
If I say the same about Nigerians , I am in jail .
Look , you cry , he 's at it again !
He starts off quite innocently on Haiti , and look where 's finished up !
Quite .
I agree .
You are looking nervously at the door .
I am making you uncomfortable .
You wish to leave .
I quite understand .
kmyers@independent.ie
Irish Independent
The Hangover
1 . If you have to feed a tiger in the bathroom , go inside and close the door , instead of just entering , throwing him the steak and run closing the door after you .
2 . You can easily get away with auto theft ( plus shooting , etc ) just by appealing to the officer ’s ego .
3 . After being left out on the roof of a hotel and suffering major sunburn , go ahead and put the top down of your car for your long drive home in the direct sun .
4. Original Hotel Receipt from “ Hangover ”
Brüno
1. The Mexicans are very comfortable .
2 . It is perfectly acceptable to give your 30 pound baby liposuction to make her lose ten pounds ( especially if your baby is going to be dressed up as a Nazi ) .
3. Mel Gibson is also known as “ Der Fuhrer ”
District 9
1. Aliens have finally stop crashing / landing in the USA .
2 . A spaceship that has run out of power can still levitate itself , despite a lack of power
3 . Cat food is like crack to aliens
Inglorious Basterds
1 . When you have the entire Nazi high command , including Hitler , watching a film premiere , just post two armed guards ; there is no need to station additional troops anywhere , to thoroughly check the venue for bombs or other threats , or to search any visiting Italians .
2. Hitler enjoys chewing gum during movies .
3 . A Nazi investigator will always order milk to drink .
2012
1 . When collecting animals for the ark , do not collect cows , sheep or pigs ( animals that provide humans with food and clothing ) rather save the giraffe and the rhino , and then return them to Africa , a part of the world that was n’t flooded anyways !
2 . If you want to survive in 2012 , take a few flight lessons .
3. Russians would rather speak in mangled English rather than their native Russian while talking amongst themselves .
G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra
1 . If you spend 100 million dollars on a movie about toys from the 80s people will go see it .
2 . The U.S. military has an elite underground group of highly trained ninjas to do battle with other highly trained underground secret ninjas .
3 . French police will only intervene after half the city , countless citizens , and their most marketable tourist destination has been destroyed .
Star Trek
1 . In the future we will move the Grand Canyon to Iowa
2 . In the future traffic cops will be replaced by floating cyborgs who refer to everyone as “ citizen ” .
3 . Go to Engineering if you want to play the Star Trek drinking game .
Watchmen
1 . If you disintegrate and then recombine , you have a free pass to walk around naked .
2 . If you find out that you cause cancer you can always start a new life on mars .
3 . World peace justifies atomic war .
Zombieland
1. Bill Murray always has Ghostbusters ready to go in his home theater .
2. Zombies ca n’t tell if you ’re a human as long as you look like a zombie .
3. Thank God for rednecks .
The Twilight Saga : New Moon
1. Werewolves , by definition , must have six pack abs and take every possible opportunity to show them off , even if it means standing in the rain topless waiting for someone to randomly stop by
2 . So if a vampire sparkles in the sunlight , it brings a whole new meaning to the lyric “ I wanna take a ride on your disco stick . ”
3 . When a misunderstanding over the phone occurs , do n’t press “ dial back ” but run to the last known location of the caller .
Avatar
1. Giant dinosaur flying creatures understand English .
2. Na’vi hair is not really hair
3. Aliens in space stole Native American and African costumes
You can watch all movies at iReel in HD quality , sign up for free trial .
Previously in my Fourier transforms series I 've talked about the continuous - time Fourier transform and the discrete - time Fourier transform .
Today it 's time to start talking about the relationship between these two .
Let 's start with the idea of sampling a continuous - time signal , as shown in this graph :
Mathematically , the relationship between the discrete - time signal and the continuous - time signal is given by :
( When I write equations involving both continuous - time and discrete - time quantities , I will sometimes use a subscript " c " to distinguish them . )
The sampling frequency is ( in Hz ) or ( in radians per second ) .
The discrete - time Fourier transform of is related to the continuous - time Fourier transform of as follows :
But what does that mean ?
There are two key pieces to this equation .
The first is a scaling relationship between and : .
This means that the sampling frequency in the continuous - time Fourier transform , , becomes the frequency in the discrete - time Fourier transform .
The discrete - time frequency corresponds to half the sampling frequency , or .
The second key piece of the equation is that there are an infinite number of copies of spaced by .
Let 's look at a graphical example .
Suppose looks like this :
Note that equals zero for all frequencies .
This is what we mean when we say a continuous - time signal is band - limited .
The frequency is called the bandwidth of the signal .
The discrete - time Fourier transform of looks like this :
where .
As I mentioned before , normally only one period of is shown :
For this example , then , between and looks just like a scaled version of .
Next time we 'll consider what happens when does n't look like .
In other words , we 're about to tackle aliasing .
Since the character ’s inception in the 1930s , the original creative forces behind Superman – and now their surviving families – have been disagreeing with publishers both behind closed doors and in court .
From relatively petty arguments concerning the aesthetics of Superman ’s jockstrap through to more pressing matters relating to legal ownership of the Superhero , all debatable bases have been exhaustively covered .
Luckily for bystanders , one of the few positives to be gleaned from the situation is the fascinating correspondence uncovered and submitted as evidence during the latest legal trial .
Over the next week or so I ’ll be posting a few of these letters , beginning somewhat depressingly in 1976 and working backwards …
In December of 1974 , Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster – Superman ‘s co-creators – were told by a U.S. Court of Appeal judge that they had indeed signed all copyrights to the Man of Steel over to National Allied Publications , for good , back in 1938 .
For $ 130 .
Two years later , as the first Superman movie was close to release and moviegoers geared up to spend millions watching the adaptation , Siegel wrote the following letter of conveyance to his daughter Laura along with photostats of original artwork and manuscripts relating to the introduction of ‘ one of the most successful fiction characters of all time ’ , in the hope that someday she would ‘ be able to market this for its full value and get some material benefit from being the daughter of the originator of Superman ’ .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
JERRY SIEGEL
11928 Darlington Avenue , Apt. 102
West Los Angeles , California 90049
November 21 , 1976
Ms. Laura Siegel
11928 Darlington Avenue , Apt. 102
West Los Angeles , California 90049
Dear Laura :
You are a wonderful person and a loving daughter and you have given me a lot of happiness .
I wish I could do a lot more for you .
But there is something I can and want to do at once .
This is a letter of conveyance – and with this letter I am presenting to you as a gift , to do with as you wish , what I believe to be some very valuable material .
Six original photostat positive reproductions of the first week of the SUPERMAN daily strip , which was conceived by me , written by me , and drawn by Joe Shuster in late 1934 .
Also , six original photostat negatives of the same material .
( Both of these photostat reproductions of the original art work of the first week of the SUPERMAN daily strip were made in late 1934 . )
From 1934 on , this material was submitted by me to numerous newspaper syndicates , and publishers , in an attempt to make a deal for the publication of Superman .
When , in 1938 , a deal was made for SUPERMAN to be published in the new magazine ACTION COMICS , practically all of the original drawings from which these photostats were made were cut up and pasted onto comic book pages , with slight alterations ( some panels trimmed , other panels slightly extended in size ) .
A few of the panels in these photostats were never published … in daily strip number 1 , I believe panel 1 was redrawn and the title and by - line inserted ; I believe panel 3 of that strip was redrawn , and I believe the final panel of that first daily strip may have been redrawn .
That first week of SUPERMAN daily strip photostats was submitted to potential markets with two additional manuscripts I wrote .
Fortunately , the original typed pages of these two rare Superman manuscripts are still in existence , and I hereby present them to you , in addition to the above described photostats .
The first “ SUPERMAN ( Synopsis ) ” manuscript , 3 pages long , contains a description of “ ( Releases for 2nd Week ” ) .
The story in the manuscript continues where the first six drawn - up daily strips of Superman ended .
The manuscript contains a detailed description of what the second week of proposed Superman daily strips would contain … daily strips 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 and 12 .
This contains not only detailed descriptions , but some dialogue , too .
This synopsis manuscript describes exactly what appeared in the second week of SUPERMAN daily strips .
The drawn daily strips of Superman , herein described , were later cut up , pasted onto pages , and reproduced together with the art of daily strip week one , in ACTION COMICS No. 1 , June , 1938 issue .
The second “ SUPERMAN ( Synopsis ) ” manuscript , 4 pages long , contains a description of ( “ Releases for Weeks 3 and 4 ” ) .
The story in the manuscript continues where the story of “ 2nd week ” in the first manuscript ends .
The manuscript contains a detailed description of what Superman daily strip weeks 3 and 4 contained ; describing in week 3 , daily strips 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 and 18 .
And it describes in week 4 , daily strips 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 , 23 and 24 .
Again , both descriptions and some dialogue are in the manuscript .
This synopsis manuscript describes exactly what appeared in the 3rd and 4th week of the SUPERMAN daily strips .
The drawn strips of Superman , herein described , were later cut up , pasted onto pages , and reproduced together with the art of daily strips week one and two in ACTION COMICS No. 1 , June , 1938 .
On page four of this second manuscript is some material I wrote in which I described why I felt Superman would become a great hit “ sure to become the idol of young and old . ”
In it , I described more of the proposed format for the adventures of Superman .
The Superman daily strip art work for weeks 2 , 3 and 4 was prepared after I wrote detailed script based on these two synopses manuscripts .
This material is the original conception of the SUPERMAN comic strip , as conceived and written by me .
It was in this material , created by me in late 1934 ( this concept was not published until June , 1938 issue of ACTION COMICS No. 1 ) – the version which went into publication – that Superman emerged to become one of the most successful fiction characters of all time .
Most creators of successful literary properties leave valuable estates to their heirs .
I am very sorry that because of my inexperience that this is not true in your case .
I am glad , though , that this original material in which Superman was first created has survived through the years , and I am giving this to you , my beloved daughter Laura , in the hope that someday you will be able to market this for its full value and get some material benefit from being the daughter of the originator of Superman .
With loving regards from your father …
Jerry Siegel
It was the dead of winter at the end of a year gone horribly wrong , and the president somehow had to rally the morale of a war - weary public and a suspicious Congress .
Familiar as this scene sounds in 2010 , the year was actually 1862 , the president was Abraham Lincoln , and America was in the deepest trough of the Civil War .
Worse , Lincoln was about to ask them to line up behind a massive new policy initiative : the emancipation of 4 million slaves .
But in his annual message to Congress in 1862 , Lincoln argued that emancipation was actually the straightest path to victory , because only by giving " freedom to the slave " would Americans " assure freedom to the free . "
By making freedom the war 's issue , Americans would keep alive a flame that only they , among all the nations of the earth , were tending .
On the other hand , if Americans had lost heart for freedom , then the whole experiment in democratic government which began in 1776 might as well be called off for good .
Abolishing the last vestige of unfreedom in America would become the measure of whether we would " nobly save , or meanly lose , the last best hope of earth . "
It 's difficult for us in 2010 to appreciate how seriously Lincoln embraced that anxiety about saving and losing " the last best hope of earth . "
Two hundred and thirty - four years after we threw off the rule of a British king and established the world 's first successful , large - scale republic , democracy would seem to have become the default position of human governance .
Of the 190 or so nation - states in the world today , Freedom House counts 116 as having electoral democracies , while dozens of unfree nations flatter democracy by having pretended to adopt it .
Democracy was in deep trouble
But Lincoln was speaking at a very different time .
The 1789 French Revolution , which began so confidently on the model of the 1776 American Revolution , corkscrewed downward into terror and dictatorship .
Democratic revolutions across Europe in 1848 were all ruthlessly suppressed .
Everywhere , democracy was being dismissed as an unstable sham that brought only misery and chaos .
And when Americans protested that their democracy proved otherwise , cynical European aristocrats reminded them that the American democracy 's prosperity rested on the backs of millions of slaves .
When Lincoln looked around him in that bleak winter of 1862 - 63 , the United States really did seem to be the " last best hope " of democracy on earth .
But it was a hope whose light might go out forever if the Civil War could not be won and the slaves could not be freed .
It did not , of course , turn out that way .
If the Civil War was democracy 's final exam – testing , as Lincoln said in the Gettysburg Address , " whether this nation or any nation so conceived and so dedicated can long endure " – we passed .
The irony of this triumph , however , is that the more democracy has succeeded , the less unique that triumph has seemed .
For Americans to claim now that their democracy is " the last best hope of earth " sounds inexcusably boastful , as though Americans owned a template that all nations ought to follow .
If anything , in the century and a half since Lincoln 's day , American society has often been criticized for lagging behind the other versions of democracy on offer in the world .
We have greater extremes of wealth and poverty than any other industrialized democracy .
We have greater numbers of prisoners incarcerated in jails and prisons , greater racial inequities , more people without health insurance , more workers unrepresented by unions , more unemployment , a thinner economic safety net , and so on .
Equality of opportunity
All of which is true .
True , but irrelevant when we speak of democracy .
Lincoln believed profoundly in the importance of hope , but hope for Lincoln was the hope that sprang from the opportunity for self - improvement , not from security from risk .
" Pure slavery has no hope , " Lincoln wrote in 1859 .
Slavery , he said in 1858 , " extinguished " the soul of the slave by placing " him where the ray of hope is blown out in darkness " and where no prospect of transformation or improvement is possible .
Democracy , however , was what opened hope to everyone .
It leveled the playing field , and gave no artificial handicaps to a certain elite few , based on birth or race or religion , or to their retainers and mascots .
It was not the security of results , Lincoln insisted , but the equality of economic opportunity that made democracy " right , eternally right " and made the United States the " last best hope of earth . "
Not every experiment in democracy has grasped this .
Even in the most advanced European democracies , the old habits of noblesse oblige , of social guarantees , of authority and deference to the wiser and better , still persist .
And the fact that these relics of the feudal past can manage to sit side - by - side with some aspects of democracy is a temptation to Americans , who pall at the uncertainties and insecurities of American life , to wonder if we really are that " last best hope " any more .
Lincoln , I suspect , would not have agreed .
He knew very well that " other means may succeed " in pointing nations toward democracy ; but the American experiment in equality of opportunity " could not fail " to get there .
It is a way of doing democracy full of risk , and liable to pain and failures .
But its fruits are the achievements of genuinely free men and women .
It is " a way which , if followed , the world will forever applaud , and God must forever bless . "
Lincoln would still call it the " last best hope of earth . "
• Allen C. Guelzo is the Henry R. Luce professor of the Civil War Era at Gettysburg College , and the author of " Abraham Lincoln : Redeemer President . "
---
Want to join the conversation ?
404 - not found
sorry this link appears to be broken
it may be that we have removed an old page or changed the URL of what you are looking for .
we have thousands of amazing articles to look trough here >>
home
learn about
services
locations
faqs
contact us
Contemporary , Flexible Office Space Designed For Your Business Stonecot Business Centres has quality business centres at prime addresses in Surrey , including Leatherhead and Tolworth .
Our serviced offices range from one person , furnished executive suites to entire floors configured to your needs .
Stonecot Business Centres provides a well - equipped working environment , with professional reception staff .
For a low monthly fee you get your own phone number and line , call answering in your company name , reception and post room services , free beverages , state of the art phone terminals and more .
FOR ALL YOUR SERVICED OFFICE NEEDS CALL US ON 020 8339 6100
Our serviced offices give you the freedom to focus on what you do best - run your business .
Choose from our highly accessible , vibrant serviced office space locations in Surrey .
All with our unrivalled onsite service and reception teams .
Enhance your business image without the overheads by using one of our business addresses as your own .
Use it on your website , letterhead and marketing material .
Each location has conference rooms available for any period of time from 1 hour .
Your guests will be greeted by our reception team , refreshments served and your instructions followed .
People who look young for their age ' live longer '
Fresh - faced actor Leonardo Di Caprio might expect a long life People blessed with youthful faces are more likely to live to a ripe old age than those who look more than their years , work shows .
Danish scientists say appearance alone can predict survival , after they studied 387 pairs of twins .
The researchers asked nurses , trainee teachers and peers to guess the age of the twins from mug shots .
Those rated younger - looking tended to outlive their older - looking sibling , the British Medical Journal reports .
Survival advantage
The researchers also found a plausible biological explanation for their results .
Key pieces of DNA called telomeres , which indicate the ability of cells to replicate , are also linked to how young a person looks .
Perceived age , which is widely used by clinicians as a general indication of a patient 's health , is a robust biomarker of ageing that predicts survival among those aged over 70
The report authors A telomere of shorter length is thought to signify faster ageing and has been linked with a number of diseases .
In the study , the people who looked younger had longer telomeres .
All of the twins were in their 70s , 80s or 90s when they were photographed .
Over a seven - year follow - up the researchers , led by Professor Kaare Christensen of the University of Southern Denmark , found that the bigger the difference in perceived age within a pair , the more likely it was that the older - looking twin died first .
The age , sex and professional background of the assessors made no difference to any of the results .
It 's probably a combination of genes plus environment over a lifetime that are important
UK expert Professor Tim Spector Professor Christensen said it might be that people who have had a tougher life are more likely to die early - and their life is reflected in their face .
The researchers told the BMJ : " Perceived age , which is widely used by clinicians as a general indication of a patient 's health , is a robust biomarker of ageing that predicts survival among those aged over 70 . "
Professor Tim Spector , a UK expert who has been doing his own twin research , said : " We are also finding this in our study .
" It 's probably a combination of genes plus environment over a lifetime that are important . "
He said the findings also show that people are good at assessing how well someone is and that doctors should eyeball their patients .
" If a patient looks older than their years then perhaps they should be more concerned , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted by emanhashim on 31 Dec 2009 / 0 Comment
Allow me to choose four , five or even nine men , just as my wildest imagination shall chose .
I ’ll pick them with different shapes and sizes , one of them will be dark and the other will be blonde .
Tall or maybe short , they are to be Chosen from different denominations , religions , races and nations .
And I promise you there will be harmony .
Create a brand new positive law for me , or may be a divine one .
Make me a new law under the umbrella of the fatwa and fantasies , those which you unanimously agree on suddenly and without any advance notice .
Those were Saudi journalist Nadine Al Bedair ’s words in her article for the Egyptian independent daily newspaper Al Masry Al Youm in her article “ Me and my four husbands ” on December 11th .
She spoke hypothetically about how she would pick them , and she gave examples of how diverse her choices would be .
Al Arabiya pointed out that she used all the justifications that men usually use :
In the article , Bedair asks why men have the right to get bored of being with one woman and therefore have the right to marry another three , while women do not .
…
Bedair then asks what happens when the woman gets bored as well or rather if she has not been enjoying her marital life from the very beginning .
In her article , she explained that her own belief in monogamy made her think about this kind of “ make them feel what we feel ” strategy that was described by a cleric as an “ appeal for people to wake up and see how badly some women are treated by their husbands . ”
Many reacted to her article by denouncing it as vomit , inflammatory , and anti-Islamic .
Even an Egyptian MP has taken up that gauntlet , filing a legal complaint against the Al Masry Al Youm , accusing it of promoting vice .
In his comment on the article , Farag Esmail wrote , “ What our colleague ( referring to the editor in chief ) allowed here is an unpaid aid for “ prostitution ” .
A young woman with no shame writing to ask for four , five or even nine men ! ”
After arbitrarily accusing Al Bedair of promoting prostitution , he added an irrelevant and unprofessional comment , calling her “ the Saudi woman who always intends to wear a short skirt and calls herself modern . ”
Several others , including Dr. Abdul - Fattah Idris , professor of contemporary jurisprudence in al - Azhar University , and Sheikh Abdullah Al Manea , also seem to think that Al Bedair ( and not just her article ) is shameful .
Bikya
Masr brought both teams : Sheikh Mohamed Gama ’i argued that in the Qur’an , there is a reason for polygamy , and said that , “ … no woman has the right to attack our traditions in this manner .
She should be stopped . ”
And others , including Sheikh Amr Zaki , who runs a mosque in downtown Cairo , said :
People should wake up and look at how women can be treated by their husbands and the fact that in our world today polygamy should be unacceptable .
There is no need for it and besides , no man can truly love more than one woman and vice versa .
For those who did n’t realize Al Bedair ’s aim , Aisha Gawad from elan provides an interpretation for the article :
I am not advocating polygamy for women or men .
And I do n’t want to speak for Ms. al - Bedair , but I have a feeling she is not advocating for it either .
I believe she was trying to make a point about the inequalities that exist in many polygamous marriages …
A week later , Al Bedair came back with another article , “ Finally you know the taste of anger ” :
During the past few days and after the publication of my article entitled “ Me and my four husbands ” , words have spread that I want to meet a group of men , although I need only one .
One who is by my own definition of the romantic lover does n’t exist .
She then asked :
Finally you ’re starting a revolution ?
Just because my words are telling the story of equality ?
Finally you ’re starting a revolution ?
When I only painted your pictures that but with only switching the roles ?
What about me ?
What is supposed to be happening to me now from all that pain that has been being stored in me by practicing polygamy against me all that time ?
And then she defended her previous article , pointing the finger back at those who pointed it at her :
You have emptied the article from all content and meaning , instead of getting my point , in the pursuit of justice which will make marriages happier , by my questions because I know , as you do , that most of our marriages are unhappy and boredom usually comes after the first year .
Solution always exists for men ( via polygamy ) but what are women supposed to do ?
In her answer for a question about polygamy , Egyptian first lady mentioned that polygamy must be fought by education rather than by laws .
I completely agree , laws ca n’t end polygamy , but people can .
Egyptian law gives the woman the right to divorce in case her husband marries another woman .
Religion never forced two women into staying married to the same man , yet a lot of women actually do agree .
Until such culture is changed , no laws can change minds , and for that I actually appreciate what Al Bedair is trying to do by her words .
The US government has added the crash site of the most powerful flying aircraft carrier ever built to the National Register of Historic Places , 75 years after the event .
Fleet
Week really meant something back then
The airship USS Macon - comparable in size to the even more famous and equally doomed liner Titanic - suffered storm damage and crashed into the ocean off Point Sur , south of San Francisco , exactly 75 years ago yesterday .
The huge dirigible 's remains and those of her embarked biplane fighters now lie 1500 feet below the waves in the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary .
However , all but two of the 83 men aboard survived the crash and were rescued by responding waterborne ships .
“ The USS Macon and its associated Sparrowhawk biplanes are not only historically significant to our nation ’s history , but have unique ties to our local communities , where public museums highlight the airship ’s history , ” said Paul Michel , Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary superintendent .
“ The National Register listing highlights the importance of protecting the wreck site and its artifacts for further understanding our past . ”
The Macon and her sister ship Akron - also lost in a storm at sea two years previously - were unique even in the era of the great rigid airships in that they carried a force of fighter planes which could be launched and recovered in mid-air .
A " trapeze " arm attached to a " skyhook " on the biplanes ' upper wings swung the fighters out through a T - shaped door in the ship 's belly .
The airship was fast enough that the planes could match speeds with it in order to hook onto the trapeze again after a flight : there was no need for catapult launch , heavy arrester gear and jolting landings ( or alternatively vertical - lift aircraft ) as there is with ordinary seaborne aircraft carriers .
England 's longest New Year party finally ended this morning when a snow plough and gritter reached Tan Hill Inn , the highest pub in the country , where 30 students and teachers had been cut off for two days .
Supplies of draught beer were down to Black Sheep 's Riggwelter as the group from Leeds University cross country club consoled themselves amid 7ft drifts .
They were joined by 17 people rescued from the nearby A66 which was closed between Bowes and Brough as heavy snowfall hit the whole Pennine chain yesterday .
The Snake Pass between Manchester and Sheffield was also impassable after drifting caused by high winds .
An even longer siege by the weather is still under way at Cape Wrath on Scotland 's north - western tip , where John Ure , 57 , is waiting for his wife Kay to return with the ingredients for Christmas dinner .
Mrs
Ure went shopping in Durness , 11 miles away by boat and car , on 19 December but the road was then closed by snow and she has been holed up in a friend 's caravan ever since .
" I 'm looking forward to a belated Christmas dinner but it might be Burns ' Night – 25 January – before it happens , " she said .
She has regularly phoned her husband , who has ample supplies and has promised not to open any Christmas presents until she gets back .
The wintry spell is forecast to continue for the first half of January , with fresh snow showers likely to move inland from the east coast today and during the week .
Much of the country is also experiencing Alpine conditions , of bright sunshine on a snowbound landscape , so complaints have been largely confined to those obliged to travel .
The lowest overnight temperature recorded was – 17C at Braemar in Aberdeenshire , and falls to – 15C are likely to be widespread at night in Scotland and northern England during the next 10 days .
Icy conditions caused serious road accidents in Blackpool , east Sussex and Greater Manchester and six FA Cup third round fixtures have been cancelled .
Snow is expected as far south as London this week , along with transport disruption .
Inverness airport is currently closed and rail lines north of the city have also been shut by Network Rail .
Brendan Jones of MeteoGroup forecasters said : " It is going to be very , very cold across the country .
Bar the odd coastal site temperatures will remain below freezing everywhere every night .
Ice on pavements and roads will be a problem for the next 10 days .
People should be prepared for the conditions because there is a limit to what gritting can do . "
At Tan Hill , which stands in a sea of desolate moorland 528 m ( 1,732ft ) at the head of Arkengarthdale on the Yorkshire - Durham border , student Nathan Martin said that spirits had remained high .
" It 's been fun – like the ultimate lock - in , " he said .
The inn's assistant manager Mike Carter said : " Everyone 's had a good time – people were peeling carrots and potatoes and helping to make dinner on an evening .
It was a really nice atmosphere .
" Some guests were still in bed this morning when the snowploughs arrived , and they had tea and toast before leaving . "
Poor sexual health outcomes in Mississippi are the result of a state that continues to invest scarce funds in failed abstinence - only programs , leaving young people without the information and services they need to protect themselves .
This week , Planned Parenthood in Mississippi
and the Sexuality Information and Education
Council of the United States ( SIECUS ) released a report on the saturation
of taxpayer - funded abstinence - only - until - marriage programs throughout the state
of Mississippi and the status of sex education ,
or lack thereof , provided in Mississippi
public schools .
The report , titled Sex
Education in Mississippi : Why ‘ Just Wait ’ Just Does n’t Work , details
the poor sexual health outcomes among adolescents in Mississippi , the state ’s
heavy investment in abstinence - only - until - marriage programs , and the lack of
sex education required in public schools .
Key
indicators for health among Mississippi’s
adolescents present a bleak picture .
Mississippi has the
highest teen birth rate in the country .
Young
people in the state also rank above the national average for rates of risky
sexual activity , unintended pregnancy , and sexually transmitted diseases ( STDs ) ,
including HIV .
The state ’s poor sexual health outcomes make it clear that young
people lack access to the adequate sexual and reproductive health information
and care they need to protect themselves and make safe and healthy decisions .
The
report also makes clear that the federal government ’s heavy investment in
abstinence - only - until - marriage funding over the past few decades has
promulgated a myriad of state
policies , state agencies , and community - based organizations focused on
promoting an abstinence - only - until - marriage ideology throughout the state .
The trickle - down effect of the funding for
abstinence - only - until - marriage programs and the industry it created has
impacted states throughout the nation , with a disparate impact on Southern
states , and this could not be truer in Mississippi .
Though
a shift away from abstinence - only - until - marriage programs is taking place at
the national level spurred by overwhelming
evidence proving these programs to be ineffective , they continue to prosper
in Mississippi .
Federal funding for such programs may
have just started
to dry up in favor of more comprehensive approaches to sex education that
include information about abstinence and contraception , among other topics ;
however , Mississippi continues to see a steady stream of
abstinence - only - until - marriage programming and it will take time and vigilance
before a shift away from the abstinence - only approach is seen in the state .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Planned
Parenthood in Mississippi and SIECUS partnered together to take a closer look
at the information students are receiving in public schools and the messages
delivered by school - based and community - based abstinence - only - until - marriage
programs reaching youth across the state of Mississippi .
We found that
Mississippi school districts and the Mississippi Department of Human Services
abdicate their responsibility to provide medically accurate information to
students and instead rely on failed
abstinence - only - until - marriage programming .
It is clear from the evidence
detailed in the report that a fundamental change is needed in how Mississippi educates its
young people and prepares them to be sexually healthy adults .
The
majority of sex education programs in Mississippi ,
whether provided by schools , state agencies , community organizations , or
churches , take an abstinence - only - until - marriage approach , and messages
promoting abstinence - until - marriage are pervasive in the state - appearing on
billboards , print media , in radio and television ads as well as in formal
programs .
Young people in Mississippi are
practically bombarded with messages about staying abstinent until
marriage .
In addition , many of these
programs , media campaigns , and activities are supported by federal funds .
In
Fiscal Year 2008 alone , Mississippi
received $ 5,742,594 in federal funds for abstinence - only - until - marriage
programs , which was the eighth
largest funding amount awarded to any state .
By far , the largest recipient of
abstinence - only - until - marriage funding in the state is the Mississippi
Department of Human Services ( MDHS ) which received a total of $ 1,428,753 for
Fiscal Year 2008 .
With its federal
funding , MDHS operates the " Just Wait " Abstinence Program which includes a
statewide media campaign , abstinence - only - until - marriage programs , conferences ,
an annual rally , and school presentations that reach youth throughout the state
of Mississippi .
Mississippi schools do not fare
much better in providing accurate sex education to students .
State law does not
require schools to teach sexuality education or provide instruction in HIV ,
STD , or pregnancy prevention ; however , if schools choose to teach any of these
topics , state law requires that they stress abstinence - only - until - marriage .
Furthermore , many schools have ceded sex
education to outside groups that are allowed to conduct classes and other
activities in the schools with little - to - no oversight .
Students are therefore at risk of receiving
inaccurate and ideologically biased instruction .
The lack of any statutory requirement to
provide evidence - based , medically accurate sexuality education , and the
reliance on outside groups providing abstinence - only - until - marriage instruction
in the schools , has resulted in a myriad of different , but equally ineffective ,
programs which leave young people at risk .
In
Mississippi’s
classrooms , the impact is real .
The information and programs delivered to
students use fear and shame tactics to
promote abstinence until marriage , reinforce antiquated gender stereotypes that
impose a double standard on young women , provide outright , inaccurate
information , and use outdated materials - some which are 20 years old .
For
example , the Leland
School District
distributes a pamphlet to students , entitled " The Truth About … Sex &
Love . "
It states , among other things , that
sex outside of marriage " is playing Russian Roulette with your emotions ,
self - respect , health , and your [ sic ] future . "
In
another example , some information provided to students is wholly outdated .
Information on AIDS included in the 1994 edition of , Fearon ’s Health ( 2nd ed. ) ,
a textbook used in Forest Municipal school district , gives students a history
lesson on the epidemic rather than providing any current information .
Its most recent statistics for AIDS are from
1991 , including statistics indicating a mortality rate from 1981 - 1991 of 64
percent .
By contrast , the estimated AIDS mortality rate in 2006 was 38 percent .
To
mention just one other egregious example , of which there are many , the " Not
Now " abstinence - only - until - marriage program , delivered to students in four
Mississippi Delta counties , has students participate in a mock wedding
ceremony .
As part of the ceremony , the
bride presents the groom with a dirty sneaker as a wedding present .
The dirty sneaker signifies " a lifestyle of
impurity " and relays the message that no sock ( representing a condom ) could
ever fully protect the foot from dirt and diseases .
The groom , on the other hand , gives the bride
a clean sneaker representing his " purity up until marriage . "
At the end of the wedding activity , the
students " pledged to remain pure " and bring clean tennis shoes to marriage .
While
this is awful messaging in and of itself , research also shows that 88 percent
of students who pledge to remain abstinent until marriage fail to keep this
pledge and have the same STD rates as those who did n’t take a pledge .
They are
also less likely to use contraception when they do become sexually active .
What
is made clear by this report is that Mississippi is failing to provide young
people with the information they need to make healthy decisions and avoid
unintended pregnancy and STDs , including HIV / AIDS .
Most disturbingly , the Department of Human
Services , which is seen as a trusted state agency , plays a large role in
disseminating this ineffective programming to young people instead of equipping
them with public health information that is medically accurate and based in
science .
Every
major medical and public health organization in this country and around the
globe agrees that abstinence - only - until - marriage programs are not best for
young people and believe in the importance of providing comprehensive sexuality
education .
It is time for Mississippi to follow
the route that we know works in meeting the health needs of our young people :
end abstinence - only - until - marriage programs in the state and implement
comprehensive sexuality education .
Public policy in the Mississippi must be made to follow the
evidence and commit to a bold new plan to implement comprehensive sex
education .
The taxpayers and young
people of Mississippi deserve nothing less .
Oscar Wilde ,
“ Yes : I am a dreamer .
For a dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight , and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world . ”
Video : Ultra-realistic map
This realistic 3D map is made up from different layers incorporating 3D laser data and satellite imagery ( Image : Ordnance Survey )
This realistic 3D map is made up from different layers incorporating 3D laser data and satellite imagery ( Image : Ordnance Survey )
Different components can be isolated when building the 3D map ( Image : Ordnance Survey )
ARMCHAIR explorers who soar over 3D cityscapes on their computer may be used to the idea of maps with an extra dimension .
But they are now getting accurate enough to offer much more than a preview of your next holiday destination .
Accurate , large - scale 3D …
A San Diego school vice - principal saw an 11 - year - old 's home science project ( a motion detector made out of an empty Gatorade bottle and some electronics ) , decided it was a bomb , wet himself , put the school on lockdown , had the bomb - squad come out to destroy X - ray the student 's invention and search his parents ' home , and then magnanimously decided not to discipline the kid ( though he did recommend that the child and his parents get counselling to help them overcome their anti-social science behavior ) .
When police and the Metro Arson Strike Team responded , they also found electrical components in the student 's backpack , Luque said .
After talking to the student , it was decided about 1 p.m. to evacuate the school as a precaution while the item was examined .
Students were escorted to a nearby playing field , and parents were called and told they could come pick up their children .
A MAST robot took pictures of the device and X - rays were evaluated .
About 3 p.m. , the device was determined to be harmless , Luque said …
The student will not be prosecuted , but authorities were recommending that he and his parents get counseling , the spokesman said .
The student violated school policies , but there was no criminal intent , Luque said .
The 2.6.33 kernel is out
The most noticeable features in 2.6.33 are likely the Nouveau and DRBD integration ( and a _lot_ more people will notice the Nouveau part of that ) .
And the Radeon KMS parts are n't considered experimental any more .
Oh , and the AS IO scheduler is gone , since keeping it around and just causing confusion seemed to not be worth it any more .
You 're supposed to use CFQ instead .
At last , Linus has released the 2.6.33 kernel . " "
Other interesting stuff in 2.6.33 includes dynamic tracing , the block I/O bandwidth controller , and the compressed cache mechanism
The best place for information on new kernel releases is KernelNewbies , and the KernelNewbies 2.6.33 page ( which is working again ) does not disappoint .
Stop us if you ’ve heard this one .
So a priest goes into a strip club one day and tells a stripper she has demons in her and he was sent by God to help .
He then takes her home , has sex with her and takes her to swingers clubs before impregnating the stripper .
After it all the priest says , “ I think God gave me the wrong message .
See ya . ”
Unfortunately for a Miami woman , the joke was on her , and now she is going to court to flip the script .
Beatrice Hernandez spoke with the media Tuesday to tell her side of a twisted story that is sure to cast more dispersions on the Archdiocese of Miami , which is still reeling from the Alberto Cutié drama just a few months ago .
Hernandez claims Father David Dueppen had a long - standing affair with the ex-stripper that introduced her to the life of a swinger and nudist colonies .
The two met at Porky 's on , of all days , a Sunday , in 2003 .
The stripper and the priest lived together all while Dueppen continued to conduct mass and minister at St. Francis de Sales on Miami Beach , the same parish once manned by Cutié .
Her proof of the affair : a 9 - month old daughter , which her attorney claims DNA evidence proves the priest is the father .
“ He can wrap you up so good .
He can speak to you so good , ” said Hernandez , who is seeking a permanent restraining order against her unholy baby daddy .
“ He told me I had evil spirits and he was going to relieve me of those evil spirits . ”
Officials for the Archdiocese have said they knew of Father Dueppen ’s indiscretions in 2005 and paid Hernandez a settlement to keep quiet about the affair .
Dueppen was reprimanded and punished by going to spiritual counseling , similar to what Cutié allegedly was ordered to do after pictures leaked of him with his hands down his now - wife 's bikini .
At least Cutié decided to say to hell with the celibate life and left the Catholic Church .
Dueppen , however , decided to keep the faith and was transferred from his parish in Miami Beach to Broward , according to CBS4 .
But that did n’t stop him from going back to Hernandez and the couple eventually got pregnant .
Hernandez also alleges Dueppen choked her and threatened to take the baby if she opened her mouth .
Now Hernandez is looking for child support , while Father Dueppen and the Archdiocese are looking for a miracle to make this scandal go away .
“ It was like he was making fun of God , ” Hernandez said .
“ This is about protection for my daughter . ”
The two could square off in court on Thursday about the restraining order .
On Wednesday evening , Mike Chauvet opened a red envelope from Netflix and popped “ The Hangover ” into his DVD player .
“ I try to get most of the movies I watch through Netflix , ” said the 30 - year - old physician , who lives in Queens , N.Y .
Now he ’s going to have to wait for the privilege .
Warner Bros. has struck a deal with Netflix Inc. whereby the fast - growing DVD subscription firm wo n’t offer the studio ’s movies until 28 days after they go on sale .
Had the deal been in effect last month , “ The Hangover , ” which went on sale Dec. 15 , would n’t be available on Netflix until Jan. 14 .
Advertisement
It ’s part of a strategy by several studios to create staggered releases of DVDs so that the most profitable transactions are available first and cheaper rental options take effect further down the road .
The move could be copied by other studios , forcing consumers to wait nearly a month if they want to rent popular movies from Netflix .
“ Within the home entertainment category , we ’re creating different times at which a product is available at different prices , ” said Kevin Tsujihara , Warner Bros . ’ home entertainment president .
The studio is hoping that the four - week window will push consumers interested in watching movies at home to buy the DVDs or pay a premium to rent them from stores like Blockbuster or from Internet and cable video - on - demand services .
Warner Bros. already imposes a 28 - day window on $ 1 - a - night kiosk firm Redbox .
Although Warner ’s unilateral move against Redbox has led to a court battle , Netflix agreed to the 28 - day window in exchange for improved financial terms and more content for its Internet streaming service .
Advertisement
DVD sales declined 13.7 % last year , and some studios have fingered Redbox and Netflix as primary culprits .
Despite their fast growth , Redbox and Netflix rentals generate comparatively smaller profits for studios .
Other studios besides Warner have privately expressed similar concerns about Netflix , which has more than 11 million subscribers .
20th Century Fox and Universal Pictures , in a possible signal of their intentions toward Netflix , have already restricted the availability of their DVDs to Redbox .
The new Netflix deal terms represent a bet by both sides that consumers will be willing to spend about $ 20 to buy what they want right away or otherwise wait nearly a month to get it as part of their subscription .
“ This deal uniquely works for Netflix because our subscribers are desensitized to street dates and more interested in being matched to the perfect movie , ” said Ted Sarandos , Netflix ’s chief content officer , who handles studio relationships .
“ Some subscribers will so passionately want to see it in the first 28 days they may go out and buy it , just as some people want to see ‘ Avatar ’ so badly they pay to watch it in 3 - D . ”
Advertisement
Under the complex renewal terms finally worked out , Netflix agreed to the 28 - day delay in exchange for a more favorable percentage of rental revenue from Warner Bros. discs .
Netflix will use the savings to expand its stock of the studio ’s DVDs and triple the number of Warner catalog titles it provides through its online streaming option .
Sarandos said that Internet streaming is a key growth area for Netflix and that he hoped other studios would follow Warner ’s lead .
“ There are all different levels of interest , ” he said .
“ Future deals will depend on timing and other studios ’ appetites to make a bet on that window . ”
ben.fritz@latimes.com
Advertisement
dawn.chmielewski @latimes.com
Friday , September 25 , 2020
The winter session of Botswana Parliament was lit .
It was action - packed from both sides of the aisle .
But , it was the Leader of the House ( LoH ) and Vice President Slumber ...
Once upon a time in the middle of the 20th century , there lived a man named Jack Dutton .
He was an average guy - nothing extraordinary about him , except that he owned some fancy parrots and a chimpanzee named Jerry .
He and his wife Dorothy were raising Jerry as their baby .
Little Jerry slept in a crib and wore diapers just like a human baby .
Pretty soon , he was potty trained and was sleeping in Dorothy and Jack 's bed .
Life was good .
It was n't long before Jack 's neighbors in Fullerton started complaining about all of his exotic pets .
But Jack would n't consider giving up his " baby boy " .
He was cramped for space anyway , so he bought an orange grove in the sleepy farming town of Anaheim , California and relocated to settle down to a quiet life with his wife and chimp .
But Jack and Jerry 's life would be anything but quiet .
Click through the jump to read the amazing ( and TRUE ! ) story of Jerry the World 's Most Human Chimp !
One day , Jack Dutton was talking with some of his local orange grove owners and he found out that a lot of them were mysteriously selling their property .
Rumors were going around that the cartoonist , Walt Disney was buying up land in Anaheim to build some sort of amusement park .
Jack started to piece the information together ; and using a map , he quickly realized that his property was just a hop , a skip and a jump away from what was soon to become Disneyland .
He heard unbelievable things through the grapevine - there were plans to build a river with a steamboat , a city of the future , a wild west fort , and a make - believe jungle populated by robot wild animals …
Jack sat down at his kitchen table with a map of his orange grove and began to daydream .
If Disney was going to make a jungle with fake animals , why not create a REAL jungle with REAL animals ?
In his head , he saw a jungle themed restaurant and garden with Jerry , " The World 's Most Human Chimp " as the centerpiece attraction .
Jack sat up all night drawing up his plans .
The next day , he rolled up his maps and bundled up all his notes and went down to Bank of America .
Building his jungle was going to cost a lot of money , so why not try to get a loan ?
His friends thought he was crazy , but as soon as he pointed out the location of his orange groves on the map to the bank manager , the whole tone of the meeting changed .
You see , Walt Disney was being financed by Bank of America too , and the bank knew even more about what Disneyland would eventually become than Jack did .
Jack walked out of the bank in a daze .
They had given him more money than he could have ever dreamed of !
Jack went to work transforming his orange grove into a jungle showplace .
He dug a pond and landscaped around it with tropical plants from around the world .
He assembled a menagerie of animals - a bear , ostriches , elephants , exotic birds and even an old , worn out circus lion - and of course , Jerry .
Jack built a restaurant called " The Palms " which was shaped like an L around the front corner of his property .
To one side was a coffee shop , cocktail lounge and a beauty shop ( aptly called " Headhunters " ) .
Around the other side was Jack 's living quarters - a spacious home where he could live among his animals and oversee the operation of his jungle themed attraction .
Things were great .
Walt Disney often entertained big name celebrities at the construction site of Disneyland , and they had nowhere else to go for dinner afterwards than The Palms .
No matter how big a star , Jerry still stole their limelight .
Jerry lived in a typical little boy 's bedroom , no different than any other boy in the 50s - but there was one difference .
One whole wall of his bedroom was a floor to ceiling sheet of glass facing out onto the gardens .
Visitors to the Jungle could stand outside and watch Jerry 's typical day from beginning to end …
Every morning , Jerry would wake up and get out of bed .
He would bathe himself and brush his hair and teeth .
Then he would go to his closet and select his pants and shirt for the day .
He would get dressed and head out the door for the restaurant .
Jerry would make a grand entrance to the applause of the diners having breakfast in the coffee shop .
Jerry would grab a newspaper off the rack and hop up on a stool at the counter .
A waitress would patiently take the order as Jerry carefully examined the menu .
Jerry 's lips would flap in a simulation of speech .
The waitress would listen carefully , " Yes Jerry , ham and eggs … over easy … wheat toast … milk and orange juice … "
Jerry would open the paper ( usually upside down ) and sip his milk just like every other patron in the place .
When the food arrived , Jerry would eat with a knife and fork and a napkin tucked under his chin .
It was a truly remarkable sight .
Disneyland was nearing completion , and Jack Dutton knew that he had a tiger by the tail .
He decided it was time to come up with a major league publicity stunt .
He called all of the reporters for the papers , news services and theatrical newsreels and invited them to breakfast on the same day .
He would n't reveal what he was up to , but he told them all the same thing …
Bring your cameras !
On the appointed day , the reporters packed The Palms and chowed down on as much bacon and eggs as they could eat .
When they were full , the waitresses directed them to all go out to the parking lot .
It was time for the " news event " .
As the reporters looked on in shock , a sports car zipped around the corner - a little convertable two seater - and at the wheel was none other than Jerry the World 's Most Human Chimp !
Jerry was dressed to the nines in a long driving coat and hat and goggles .
Next to him in the passenger seat sat Jerry 's proud dad , Jack Dutton .
Dutton had purchased a little right hand drive MG and had lowered the steering wheel out of sight between his legs .
A set of fake arms were clasped behind his head in a relaxed pose .
Jerry had a dummy steering wheel and had been taught to turn it along with the direction of the car .
The effect was astonishing - so astonishing in fact that the reporters just stood in a slack - jawed daze and did n't fire a single shot .
Jack was concerned that they had n't got any pictures , so he wheeled the monkeymobile around the block so he could come back around for a second time .
This time the reporters were ready .
They were all in their cars , and when Jerry and Jack pulled around the corner , they took off after them in hot pursuit .
Jack had to improvise on his feet , so he headed downtown … to the traffic circle at the heart of Orange , California 's old town .
Jerry and the reporters went around and around in circles around the park .
Until the cop arrived …
One of Orange 's motorcycle cops spotted the traffic mess and identified the little MG as being the cause of all the problems .
He put on his lights and siren and pulled the car over .
He marched up to the door and was astonished to find a chimpanzee at the wheel .
Jerry was all ready for him .
He pushed his goggles up on his forehead , reached in his pocket and handed the officer a toy driver 's license , complete with an ID photo of Jerry 's mugging face !
The cop scratched his head in amazement .
POP !
POP !
POP !
The flashbulbs fired .
The next day , Jerry and the cop were featured in every major magazine , newspaper and newsreel in the nation .
And Jerry had made a new friend - the cop was so pleased to be a part of the whole affair , he made regular visits to The Palms ( where he ate meals at no charge ! )
Disneyland finally opened in 1955 to huge crowds , and Dutton 's world started spinning out of control .
Teenagers broke into the gardens at night and teased the animals .
Someone stole the flamingos out of the pond .
One day , Dutton was out walking near the lion 's cage .
He arrived to find a young couple sticking their baby through the bars to take a picture of their kid with the lion .
He rushed in and pulled the baby back .
" What the hell do you think you 're doing ? ! " he raged .
The father explained that they thought all of the animals in the Jungle were tame .
The old circus lion may not have had all his teeth , but he certainly was n't tame !
The insurance company that covered liability for The Palms and the Jungle caught wind of the problems with the animals ( after several lawsuits ) and raised their rates .
Dutton had reached his last straw .
The animals had to go .
He sold the elephants and the bear , and gave the alligators away to a zoo .
Pretty soon , all the animals were gone … all except for Dutton 's " baby boy " , Jerry the World 's Most Human Chimp .
Dutton swore he would never part with his simian son .
Dutton dressed Jerry in a gardener 's outfit and gave him gardening tools and a hose .
Jerry happily wandered among the guests watering and raking .
But it did n't last long .
One afternoon , Dutton heard a furor coming from out in the garden .
He ran out to find Jerry tossing a toddler ten feet in the air and catching him over and over .
He quickly intervened and hustled the boy off with his parents .
The kid had actually enjoyed the play and the parents were n't upset .
But this could n't go on .
Jerry had become an adult chimpanzee .
He had the strength of several men .
Sadly , Jack moved all of the furniture from Jerry 's glass walled bedroom into the lion 's old cage .
He tried to make it look just like his room in the house .
But when he put Jerry inside and closed the door , Jerry had a nervous breakdown .
The chimp cried and cried - all night long and into the next day .
He would n't stop crying .
It was heartbreaking to see .
Jack tried to find baby sitters to look after Jerry during the day , but it just did n't work .
He called zoos , but none of them would take in a " humanized chimp " .
Jerry required too much attention for a public zoo to be able to deal with .
Finally , Jack Dutton sealed off the entrance to the Jungle and closed it to the public .
Every day , Jerry got up and got dressed in his gardener 's outfit .
He puttered around the pond hoeing and hosing , but there was no audience of tourists around any more to watch him work .
He was all by himself in the Jungle .
One day , Jack Dutton handed Jerry a shovel and a hoe and told him he could do his favorite thing - go out and dig a great big hole .
Jerry thought digging was terrific fun and eagerly set to work .
The day passed leisurely .
Jack sat by the pond with Jerry just like old times .
Around sunset , Jerry 's friend the cop showed up for a visit .
Jack and the cop had a cigarette watching the sun set over the canopy of lush palm trees .
Jerry continued to play - digging in his hole .
Finally as the last rays of the sun played over the rippling pond , the cop stubbed out his cigarette and reached for his service revolver .
He held it to the back of Jerry 's head and pulled the trigger .
Jerry fell face forward into the hole .
Decades later , Jack Dutton lived in a trailer park a few blocks from where The Palms had stood .
As he browsed through his scrapbook looking at the photographs of Jerry with all the movie stars , and the newspaper clippings of Jerry getting the traffic ticket , a tear came to his eye .
" I loved Jerry like my own son .
But if I had it all to do over again , I would never have humanized a chimp . "
Rupert Murdoch may not know much about the internet .
But he knows more about how to make money than anyone else in the media business .
So when he began prattling on about erecting pay walls around his websites and making them invisible to Google 's search engines , media observers had two choices .
They could smugly conclude that Rupe , at 78 , was finally losing it .
Or they could sit back and wait to see what he really had up his sleeve .
Following several weeks of speculation , we are beginning to learn what Murdoch might actually be up to , according to a report in the Financial Times .
No , it 's not about pay walls .
He may not have given up on the idea , but presumably he 'll come to see that it 's a loser 's game .
Rather , Murdoch – and possibly other media players – are cosying up to Microsoft , whose newish search engine , Bing , has quickly established itself as Google 's main competitor .
The idea is that Microsoft may be willing to do what Google , so far , has resisted : pay news organisations for the privilege of featuring their content on its site .
There is no advertising on the home page of Google News , the Googletron 's automated aggregation site .
But if you search Google News , contextual ads will pop up .
Search for news about Indonesia , for instance , and you 'll be shown ads for Indonesian vacation services and hotels .
Google keeps that money to itself , arguing that it 's driving considerable traffic to the news sites to which it links , and that it 's up to those sites to monetise that traffic .
It 's a persuasive argument , and it's one that news organisations grudgingly accepted until the past year or two , when their world began imploding .
Sure , publishers whined .
But none dared take the simple step of inserting a line of code into their sites so that Google would n't be able to find them .
Now comes Microsoft , which might be willing to set up a Bing news service whose ad revenue would be split with content - producers .
No , it 's not likely that Bing will catch up with Google , which has a huge head start ( 65 % of the search market to Bing 's 10 % ) and works extraordinarily well .
But if Microsoft could establish a reputation for Bing as a second site you had to visit for any serious search , that could be enough to make it a profitable sideline .
And Microsoft , predictably , is playing hardball , according to the FT : Microsoft wants news sites to pull out of Google in order to take part in the potentially lucrative alternative universe it hopes to establish .
Last week , Mike Butcher at TechCrunch reported that Microsoft is talking about investing as much as £ 100,000 in a news system .
Hard to know what to make of that .
It sounds a bit like Lorne Michaels offering the Beatles $ 3,000 to reunite on Saturday Night Live .
But clearly something is in the works .
Now , I will grant you that Murdoch has had some wacky things to say , and he might actually believe them .
" People who simply just pick up everything and run with it , steal our stories – we say they steal our stories , they just take them without payment , " he recently told his own Sky News .
Google is not stealing his stories .
Every visitor that Google drives to one of Murdoch 's properties is a visitor Murdoch might not otherwise get .
It is not Google 's fault that news sites have proved utterly unable to choke enough money out of those visitors to cover the cost of their content .
Murdoch may also be blinded by the fact that his flagship newspaper , the Wall Street Journal , has enjoyed some success in charging for content .
Trouble is , the Journal is a speciality business publication similar to the FT ( which also charges for much of its content ) , and corporate executives would rather pay than go without .
But the idea that anyone would pay for access to Murdoch 's run -of - the - mill properties like the New York Post , Fox News or his British papers is ludicrous .
It 's not that they 're bad ( though they are ) ; it 's that there are free alternatives for everything they produce .
Murdoch and other newspaper publishers may yet find a way to blow it .
TechCrunch 's Butcher also reports that among Microsoft 's attractions is the possibility that Bing will offer a more granular approach , allowing news sites various options if they want to charge for some types of access .
Sorry , but a pay wall is a pay wall is a pay wall .
On the other hand , if newspaper publishers can establish the principle that aggregators should share their revenue , then that could have significant implications for the flagging news business .
Google might respond in kind .
And then what are aggregators that are considerably less benign than Google going to do ?
Rick Edmonds , a business analyst for the Poynter Institute , writes that " a broad movement of branded news sites to a preferred relationship with Bing would not be so easy to shrug off .
Microsoft could become an important player in the paid content equation .
Google might counterbid to prevent that from happening . "
Last week Vanity Fair columnist Michael Wolff , head of the especially pernicious ( as in , you literally have to click twice before you can leave the site ) aggregator Newser.com , popped up on National Public Radio's On Point – along with Buzz Machine blogger and Guardian columnist Jeff Jarvis – and proceeded to portray Murdoch as moronic , insane or both .
But Murdoch is proving once again that he can't be dismissed so easily .
The online news landscape might look very different a year from now .
If you 're someone who 's got an interest in the survival of professional journalism , it might look better as well .
And the man Slate 's Jack Shafer invariably refers to as the " rotten old bastard " will be chuckling , and counting his money , yet again .
My first list was accused of being too American - centric .
So here are 10 more corrections to misconceptions that non-Listverse people may have but this time you ’ll need your passport handy to read it .
10 Russia
The Error : The former Soviet Union celebrated the October Revolution in October .
Although the Bolsheviks took control over October 25 - 26 , 1917 , this was under the Old Style ( Julian ) calendar .
One of the first things the Communists did was to modernize their calendar to the Gregorian Calendar – thereby pushing the day ahead 13 days ( into November ) .
This was a major holiday in the Soviet Union , mostly because with the official ban on religion the biggest holidays were civil holidays such as May Day and the October Revolution .
9 Germany & Britain
The Error : The British king George I of Hanover used English or German when speaking with his cabinet .
I do n’t know that this is so much a misconception as “ it ’s obvious ” that a British monarch would speak English .
Those who know history and realize George I was a German prince who spoke no English may then think that “ it ’s obvious ” he and his advisors spoke German .
The reality is that since his cabinet did not speak German , the lingua franca in the meetings was French .
8 Britain & France
The Error : The Titanic was the first ship known to use the distress code “ SOS ” ?
Although British ships preferred the traditional distress call “ CQD ” , most of the other European countries used the International Conference on Wireless Communication at Sea standard set in 1908 of “ SOS ” .
The French ship Niagara is known to have used “ SOS ” well before the Titanic did .
Incidently , in CQD , the CQ was a general call on a telegraph line with the D standing for Distress .
In James Cameron ’s “ Titanic ” , he did get it right that the radio operator tried both CQD and SOS after the new distress call was suggested to him .
7 Lebanon
The Error : John Kennedy was the first to say “ Ask not what your country can do for you , but what you can do for your country . ”
Yes , the misconception is American but the backstory is international .
American politicians are renowned for plagiarizing their best lines from foreign sources .
For example , Abraham Lincoln took the phrase “ a government of the people , by the people and for the people ” from the preface of John Wycliff ’s 1384 edition of the Bible and current Vice - President Joe Biden cribbed a few speeches while in the Senate from Labour Party MP Neil Kinnock .
This quote thought by many Americans to be pure Kennedy was actually from Lebanese writer Khalil Gibran in an article advocating his Lebanese brethren to rebel against the occupying Ottoman Turks .
6 Australia & Scotland
The Error : Alexander Fleming invented the antibiotic “ penicillin ” .
Many will disagree with this since it is more a question of semantics than a misconception .
Although Alexander Fleming DISCOVERED that the mold Penicillium notatum has antibacterial properties , he was not a chemist and growing and culturing the mold was difficult for him .
Howard Florey with the assistance of Ernst Chain was able to purify the penicillin and put it in a form for use in humans , thereby INVENTING penicillin as a true antibiotic .
5 Switzerland and Britain
The Error : Watson and Crick discovered DNA ( deoxyribonucleic acid ) .
Again , people on Listverse will say “ everyone knows that ” but many people learn the simplified version that James Watson and Francis Crick discovered DNA , probably because they won the Nobel Prize for their discovery of the double - helix structure of DNA .
The true discoverer was Friedrich Miescher was analyzing pus cell nuclei in 1868 when he discovered nuclein .
He was able to analyze this further and discovered an acid component which he called deoxyribonucleic acid .
Scientists Avery , MacLeod , and McCarty were the first to show a link between DNA and heredity in 1943 and Rosalind Franklin did the first X - ray diffraction pattern study of DNA .
What Watson & Crick did was to develop a model of DNA that accounted for all of the previous research discoveries .
4 France
The Error : Mouton - Rothschild is a top - grade Chateau claret .
The five growths ( classes ) of red Bordeaux were determined in 1855 .
Four were considered First Class Lafite - Rothschild , Latour , Margaux , Haut - Brion .
Mouton - Rothschild did not like being place in second class so their motto is “ Premier ne puis .
Second ne daigne .
Mouton suis . ”
( First I can not be .
Second I do not deign to be .
I am Mouton . )
All I know is I certainly would not turn down a glass of it .
3 Scotland and Italy
The Error : The fax machine was invented after the telephone .
Scottish inventor Alexander Bain had invented the electric clock back in 1841 .
In 1843 he used his work on electric clock to patent a device that could be synchronized with a twin over telegraph lines , which according to some stories he did so he could transmit a picture of a new - born calf ( if true it would need to be a daguerreotype which seems very unlikely for just a cow ) .
Frederick Bakewell patented a better fax machine in 1848 , two years before Bain updated his and in 1861 an Italian Giovanni Caselli invented the first high quality fax .
All of this was done before both Alexander Bell and Elisha Gray independently filed for the telephone patent on 14 February 1876 .
2 Germany
The Error : Albert Einstein was a poor student .
The myth that Einstein was a poor student started when an American researcher mistranslated some of Einstein ’s report cards by not taking into account the grading system at the time .
While Einstein was in school , students were given grades 1 to 6 , 1 being the best .
This was reversed ( 1 was worst ) the year after Einstein graduated .
Further research has uncovered a letter from Albert ’s mother to his aunt complimenting his grades , but I guess the image of Einstein going from failing school to being a top physicist is too good to be changed because of the truth .
1 China
The Error : Pandas eat only bamboo .
The reason that pandas eat so much bamboo is that it does n’t run away .
They are omnivores that have adapted to a primarily bamboo diet but they will eat anything they can catch like small animals and carrion .
The problem is that they are so slow from the fact that bamboo does n’t provide a lot of energy that it is hard to catch anything else – a vicious cycle .
There are a couple of great articles by National Geographic about the pandas from the 1980’s
+ Not the United States
The Error : The United States is the only country that measures things by feet , gallons , pounds , and degrees Fahrenheit .
To demonstrate how out - of - date the U.S. is from basically everyone else in the world , it is pointed out by scientists and metricians that we still use the archaic English system .
It may be true , but we are not the only ones .
Liberia uses the same system which is not a surprise considering that the country was started by former American slaves who named their capital after American president James Monroe and it was only recently that Liberia ’s president was not a descendent of the original American emigrants .
And there is a third country that uses the system – Myanmar ( pictured above ) .
As a former British colony , they of course adopted the English system .
After gaining their independence , the country changed its name from Burma but not how it measured things .
( Natural News ) Monsanto , the multinational agriculture giant most known for its propagation of genetically - modified ( GM ) crops , has decided to resurrect its pursuit of GM wheat .
Abandoned in 2004 due to opposition from American growers , merchants , and consumers , Monsanto 's GM wheat program is making a comeback .
Apparently many American wheat growers have since changed their mind about the issue .
A survey conducted back in February revealed that more than 75 percent of wheat farmers are now interested in growing GM wheat .
Citing concerns about pestilence and disease , farmers are reevaluating GM wheat based on claims by Monsanto that GM wheat will fare better than conventional in resisting bugs , disease , drought and frost .
Many nations around the world , including industrialized nations in Asia and Europe , have wholly rejected GM crops and foods that are made with them .
Since 45 percent of the U.S. wheat crop is exported to Europe and Japan alone , the decision to allow GM wheat to be grown in the States will have a huge negative impact on the wheat business .
Hinged upon the recent food crisis in 2008 that caused the price of wheat to more than triple , Monsanto 's endeavors to capitalize on wheat by altering it genetically could not have been timed more precisely .
Both China and Australia have been researching and running trials on Monsanto's GM wheat for years and North America looks to be next if the AgriGiant has its way .
Earlier this year , Monsanto purchased Montana - based WestBred , a company that specializes in germplasm wheat breeding .
This move indicates that the corporation intends to move forward with its plan to bring GM wheat to North America .
Concerns about the negative effects of GM crops , which include a variety of illnesses and digestive tract problems when consumed , continue to warrant opposition to their use .
Conventional crop fields have also been shown to become contaminated with GM seed through pollination and cross-contamination .
If the public hopes to prevent wheat from taking the same GM course that corn and soy have , it is going to have to express loud and clear opposition to its introduction .
Sources for this story include : http://www.guardian.co.uk/commentisfree/cifa...
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 February 5
Explanation :
It 's spring for the northern hemisphere of Mars and spring on Mars usually means dust storms .
So the dramatic brown swath of dust ( top ) marking the otherwise white north polar cap in this picture of the Red Planet is not really surprising .
Taking advantage of the good views of Mars currently possible near opposition and its closest approach to planet Earth in 2010 , this sharp image shows the evolving dust storm extending from the large dark region known as Mare Acidalium below the polar cap .
It was recorded on February 2nd with the 1 meter telescope at Pic Du Midi , a mountain top observatory in the French Pyrenees .
If we 're going to protect the Earth from an asteroid , we need to find the dangerous ones whizzing about in the emptiness of space .
Unfortunately , the United States will not complete the survey of large near - Earth objects by 2020 as mandated , but not funded , by Congress in 2005 .
That 's the conclusion of a new National Research Council Report , Defending Planet Earth : Near - Earth Object Surveys and Hazard Mitigation Strategies , released Friday .
The current budget and astronomical tools are just not sufficient to find all near - Earth objects larger than 140 meters ( 460 feet ) across .
Better telescopes than we currently have will be needed .
While this has been known within the NEO science community , the final report could bring the realization to the policymakers and politicians who control the purse strings .
" There 's no longer time to meet the goal by 2020 , " said Michael A'Hearn , a University of Maryland astronomer and co-author of the report .
" There 's no way to do the survey in that length of time because the equipment is n't even built yet .
We say it is not unreasonable to set a new deadline of 2030 and start funding now .
We probably can do the job by then . "
Despite the large number of NEO discoveries over the past several years , our current detection instruments like the Catalina Sky Survey , are not up to the task of completing the Congressional mandate , known as the George E. Brown Survey .
" The current instruments , no matter how you operate them are not capable of doing the George Brown survey , " A'Hearn noted .
And that 's to say nothing of the smaller asteroids , those in the 30 - and 50 - meter ( 90 to 165 foot ) range , which hit Earth far more often than larger objects .
Finding and tracking those little guys will require new telescopes like the Large Synoptic Sky Survey and Panstarrs , neither of which currently has the funding to complete construction .
Scientists have increasingly come to understand that the risk of asteroids and comets hitting Earth is real , but quantifying the risk that humans face from such events is much trickier .
" Our estimates of the risk could easily be wrong by a factor of two or three , " A'Hearn said .
" I do n't think they are wrong by a factor of 10 , but the boundaries , again , have n't been explored . "
Even the Tunguska asteroid , which exploded over Siberia in 1908 , remains something of a mystery .
It 's unclear even how large the object was , A'Hearn said , which makes it difficult to know how common such an impact is .
The rareness of the event makes it very tough to compare the risk from an asteroid strike with that from automobile collisions or other prosaic problems .
Right now , National Research Council scientists estimate the risk of being killed by an NEO impact is comparable to the risk of being one of the 50 or so people who die on an amusement park ride each year .
The difference is that a major asteroid would kill many people all at once .
Another area of high uncertainty is the physics of asteroid impacts .
Near - Earth objects of different types may require different mitigation strategies .
" The first thing we need to do is understand what the hazard is , " A'Hearn said .
" That 's partly finding them and partly understanding what their effect is .
We have to understand in more detail how we 'd mitigate against them . "
Former astronaut Rusty Schweickart , a tireless campaigner for asteroid risk awareness , said the latest report was the best of its kind , surpassing an earlier NASA report to Congress on near - Earth object risk .
" I can certainly say that Irwin Shapiro , who I know very well personally , did a terrific job in putting this review together , " Schweickart said .
Lindley Johnson , program executive at NASA 's Near Earth Object Program , which wrote the NASA report agreed .
" It looks to be a very good report , " Johnson said .
" It had a very strong team of top scientists in the area on the committee .
They had the right people and it looks like they looked at all the right things . "
Differences begin to emerge between people who study near - Earth objects when mitigation options come up .
The new report looks at two main ways of deflecting asteroids , following previous reports .
First , the asteroid could be hit with some kind of impactor , either conventional or nuclear .
Second , a longer - term , more precise technique like a gravity tractor could be employed .
Schweickart argued , however , that a gravity tractor , which would slowly push an asteroid off a collision path with Earth , should be considered a necessary but not independent part of any Earth defense .
" It 's the icing on the cake of stronger deflection needs , " Schweickart said .
" It 's not comparable to and should never be considered the primary means of deflection . "
Update 1/25 : Typos corrected to include the correct names for the George E. Brown Survey and the National Research Council report .
Image : U.S. Geological Survey / Composite : Tim Warchocki
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
A BOPE unit , the elite special forces of the Military Police stands guard during the operation in Favela da Grota .
BOPE is a small group of very well trained policemen infamous for their brutality .
BOPE members are renowned for not carrying handcuffs
Photograph : guardian.co.uk
This figure represents a five - dimensional diagram relevant to how the Unhiggs affects certain parameters in particle physics models .
Physicists are calculating the properties of the Unhiggs so that it will be recognized at the LHC , if it exists .
Image credit : Falkowski and Pérez - Victoria .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
One of the biggest goals of the LHC is to discover the Higgs boson , the only particle in the Standard Model that has not yet been observed .
In general , physicists are pretty confident that the Higgs does in fact exist , although they have spent a lot of effort searching for the particle in less powerful accelerators without success .
While patiently waiting for the LHC to reach its full energy and a Higgs particle to leave a signature in a detector , some physicists are investigating alternative scenarios .
One of the most recent proposals is that the Higgs is not a particle , but an unparticle called the Unhiggs .
The Unhiggs idea was first suggested in a paper published in November 2009 by physicists David Stancato and John Terning of the University of California , Davis .
The Unhiggs is not all that different from the Higgs , except that it demonstrates unparticle behavior and , subsequently , does not fit in with the Standard Model .
While a particle has discrete parameters , the Unhiggs ’ parameters are continuous .
In this sense , the Unhiggs is itself a continuum , and can be thought of as a collection of many Higgs bosons , each carrying a fraction of the Unhigg ’s total value .
“ In particle physics , we are used to dealing with ( surprise ) particles , ” Adam Falkowski , a physicist at Rutgers University , told PhysOrg.com .
Falkowski and Manuel Pérez - Victoria of the University of Granada are also investigating the possibility of the Unhiggs .
“ One property of particles is a well defined mass .
For an unstable particle ( such as the Higgs boson in the Standard Model ) , we can experimentally determine the mass by measuring the momenta of its decay products and computing the so - called invariant mass .
Particles show as bumps , or resonances , in the invariant mass spectrum or other kinematical distributions .
“ Unparticles , on the other hand , do not have a well defined mass ; in fact , an unparticle can be thought of as a superposition of an infinite number of particles with different masses .
For this reason , unparticles do n’t show up as resonances .
Instead , they show up as subtle modifications of kinematical distributions measured by experiment , and therefore they can be difficult to spot . ”
In their study , Stancato and Terning showed that the possibility of an Unhiggs is theoretically consistent ( which was not obvious a priori ) .
The physicists found that the Unhiggs can do many things that the Higgs does .
For example , both the particle and the continuum possess a non-zero vacuum expectation value , which can “ break electroweak symmetry ” and “ unitarize WW scattering ” - abilities that are important for giving other particles mass , which is a fundamental role of the Higgs .
In addition , the scientists found that the Unhiggs can do something that the Higgs cannot : provide a solution to the so - called little hierarchy problem .
More recently , Falkowski and Pérez - Victoria have further investigated the properties of the Unhiggs .
In their study , they have explored certain experimental predictions of the Unhiggs proposal , such as how the Unhiggs affects precision observables measured by experiment .
The scientists found that the Unhiggs is even more like the Higgs than previously thought , in that it closely mimics the Higgs for some light masses .
They also found that the primary difference between the Unhiggs and the Higgs is due to their different propagators : while the Higgs ’ propagator is mathematically described as a pole , the Unhiggs ’ propagator is a branch .
This characteristic is what makes the Unhiggs difficult to detect in collider experiments .
“ Propagators are mathematical functions that are used for computing amplitudes in quantum theories , ” Falkowski explained .
“ Amplitudes determine the probability of certain events to occur in our colliders .
The ‘ pole ’ means that the propagator becomes very large for certain values of the momenta corresponding to the particle mass ; mathematically , this is the origin of resonances in kinematical distributions measured by experiment .
Propagators for unparticles do not have poles , but rather branch cuts ( discontinuities of the imaginary part ) , and therefore unparticles do not show up as resonances . ”
Instead , when the Unhiggs “ decays , ” it becomes suppressed , making its decay product mostly invisible .
Still , the physicists say that a more detailed analysis of the collider ’s constraints is necessary in order to determine if the Unhiggs might be observed .
If physicists do find a way to determine its existence , the Unhiggs could possibly reveal information about the elusiveness of new physics beyond the Standard Model .
Falkowski and Pérez - Victoria are currently working on a theoretical framework where not only the Higgs but also the W and Z bosons have unparticle components .
“ At the present stage it 's hard to say whether the idea is useful , that is to say whether it solves any problems that are troubling particle physicists , ” Falkowski said .
“ Our approach in the paper was rather that the Unhiggs could be the reality , and explore consequences of that assumption .
As I said , a priori it was far from obvious that the Unhiggs is theoretically consistent , or if it 's consistent with all experimental results up to date .
The usefulness of this direction of research is that it allows the experimental physicists to prepare their experiments such that the Unhiggs , if present , would not be missed . ”
Explore further
The hunt for the Higgs steps up a gear
More information : Adam Falkowski and Manuel Pérez - Victoria .
“ Electroweak precision observables and the unhiggs . ” Journal of High Energy Physics .
Doi:10 .1088/1126-6708/2009/12/061 .
http://arxiv.org/abs/0901.3777
Adam Falkowski and Manuel Pérez - Victoria .
“ Electroweak precision observables and the unhiggs . ” David Stancato and John Terning .
” The Unhiggs . ” Journal of High Energy Physics .
Doi:10 .1088/1126-6708/2009/11/101 .
http://arxiv.org/abs/0807.3961
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Firefox 3 ’s default behaviour is to do an “ I ’m Feeling Lucky ” search on Google , which fetches the top result for the terms you entered , on Google .
While this might seem helpful initially , Google ’s lack of accuracy ( or rather the lack of accuracy for top terms ) in some results can get into your nerves .
If a regular Google search is your thing , here is how to configure Firefox to search on Google from your address bar :
Leafing through a Best Buy flier over the holiday season , Celena Khatib spotted a small greeting near the bottom of the page : “ Happy Eid al - Adha . ”
The good wishes for the important religious holiday celebrated by Muslims seemed a milestone in U.S. marketing .
“ I finally felt that they are recognizing Muslims like we are a part of this community , ” said Khatib , 31 , a suburban Detroit mother of two .
“ We live here , we spend our money here . ”
But on Best Buy ’s website , people around the country posted contrasting views .
“ You insult all of the heros and innocent who died 911 by celebrating a holiday of the religion that said to destroy them ! ” wrote one .
Many others said they would no longer shop at Best Buy .
The controversy underscores the continuing obstacles that retailers and other companies face in marketing to a U.S. Muslim population estimated at more than 2.3 million by the Pew Research Center .
Advertisement
Even an advertising - industry study three years ago that urged companies to cash in on what was then the community ’s estimated $ 170 - billion purchasing power got little traction .
Best Buy is believed to be the first major retailer to market to Muslims nationwide , and only a few are even dipping their toes into direct ethnic local advertising .
Rather than pave the way for more national advertising , the Best Buy ad seems to have reinforced the pariah status that Muslims have in mainstream marketing and to serve as an example of why “ Happy Eid ” wo n’t join “ Merry Christmas ” and “ Happy Hanukkah ” as a mainstay in holiday advertising any time soon .
“ Obviously the Muslim market has some unique sets of challenges .
. . .
That ’s not something to be glossed over , ” said Rafi-uddin Shikoh , founder of DinarStandard , a consulting firm specializing in the Muslim market .
Advertisement
Other immigrant and minority groups have faced similar treatment from advertisers , but the U.S. Muslim community carries heavier baggage .
Since the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks and with more recent incidents , such as the Ft. Hood shooting and attempted Christmas Day plane bombing , the word “ Muslim ” for some Americans is synonymous with terrorism .
And that ’s an image that corporations do n’t want attached to their brand names .
A recent study by the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life found that 35 % of Americans have a negative view of Muslims and 45 % believe Islam is more likely than other religions to encourage violence .
Even those championing marketing to Muslim consumers -- like Shikoh -- advise Western companies not to do what Best Buy did .
Instead , in a move that seems both practical and defeatist , they recommend directing advertising in ethnic and religious media and away from the mainstream .
Advertisement
“ At this point , I do n’t know if there ’s a real need for a national campaign , ” Shikoh said .
“ They are curious to see if there is a way to tap into this market without risking their reputation or it backfiring in any way . ”
Best Buy has refused to discuss its holiday advertising , though a brief statement on its website indicates it stands by its Eid greetings : “ Best Buy ’s customers and employees around the world represent a variety of faiths and denominations .
We respect that diversity and choose to greet our customers and employees in ways that reflect their traditions . ”
Other companies have recently come under some fire for marketing to groups that some considered out of the mainstream .
A Gap ad during the holiday season angered a conservative Christian group for being too inclusive by referring to Christian , Jewish , secular and pagan holidays with the line “ Go Christmas , Go Hanukkah , Go Kwanzaa , Go solstice . ”
Gap did n’t directly address whether it had considered mentioning Eid al - Adha , which was celebrated two weeks after the ad first appeared .
Advertisement
“ We ’ve been down this road before with other groups , ” said Jerome Williams , a professor of advertising and African American studies at the University of Texas at Austin .
In the 1960s , studies looked at whether advertising that featured blacks would scare away white customers .
Companies do n’t rush into new and unfamiliar markets , he said , but rather tiptoe into them .
And what will ultimately sway advertisers is money .
“ They ’re not in the business of social justice , ” he said .
“ An advertiser does not want to do anything that will have negative impacts on sales .
. . .
At the end of the day , they have to see if they ’ve gained more than they ’ve lost . ”
Mohammed Abdullah , event coordinator for the first American Muslim Consumer Conference , believes the Best Buy ad campaign will spur more outreach .
The chain ’s 13 % revenue increase in December over the previous December , he believes , is a sign that the retailer was n’t affected by any backlash .
Advertisement
“ The growth strategy being employed by Best Buy will be copied , and few will look at the Eid al - Adha holiday ad as a negative or a misstep now , ” said Abdullah , an assistant vice president at Deutsche Bank .
“ There will absolutely be more outreach for this market segment . ”
Some companies have begun to test heavily Muslim markets .
Crescent Foods in Chicago , for instance , started selling its halal chicken products at six Wal - Mart Superstores in Michigan and at ShopRite , a regional chain in the Northeast .
During Ramadan , Western Union launched a travel sweepstakes that would give customers who send money to the Middle East , Pakistan and Bangladesh the opportunity to fly home or undertake the annual Islamic hajj pilgrimage to Mecca .
The sweepstakes lasted through the Eid al - Adha holiday in November and awarded a $ 1,800 ticket voucher to each of 14 winners .
“ We know this is a very special holiday for our Muslim customers , ” said Maher Kayali , marketing manager for U.S. to Middle East and Pakistan region .
“ So we gave them that opportunity so they can go to Mecca . ”
Advertisement
To promote the sweepstakes , Western Union representatives visited mosques and held Ramadan dinners in Los Angeles , New York , New Jersey and Detroit .
“ If it ’s Ramadan - specific and Eid-specific , it ’s directed to the ethnic media , ” Kayali said , insisting that such targeted marketing is n’t done out of fear of fallout from the mainstream .
But promotions beyond the small Islamic community face roadblocks .
About six years ago , Syed Rasheeduddin Ahmed , president of food certification firm Muslim Consumer Group , added his halal symbol to the packaging of bread loaves with the full name of his company written out .
Soon the company was getting complaints , and Ahmed changed the symbol to include just the initials MCG for loaves sent to the U.S.
Those shipped to the Middle East still retain his original symbol .
Advertisement
Constraints that advertisers face here do n’t exist in the Middle East , where Ramadan and the two Eid holidays are times when brands such as Coca - Cola , Nestle and McDonald ’s are merged seamlessly with holiday greetings .
In Turkey , Nestle launched a campaign during Ramadan , which began in late August , that urged customers : “ Enjoy the pleasure of Ramadan with Nestle Chokella . ”
After sunset , when Muslims are allowed to break their fast , Nestle employees went to public squares and neighborhoods to give out samples of the chocolate spread on pita bread .
But a Nestle USA spokeswoman said she was n’t aware of any plans to target Muslim consumers here .
Despite their large buying power , U.S. Muslims remain a small percentage of the consumer market .
And for now , it appears advertising and products targeted toward them will remain in small markets and niche media and publications .
Advertisement
“ It ’s almost like a policy thing when you ’re treated like a voting bloc or a consumer bloc instead of just a quote - unquote Muslim or a shady person in the background , ” the American Muslim Consumer Conference ’s Abdullah said about marketing to U.S. Muslims .
“ It ’s almost like a validating stance -- ‘ Hey , you are American . ’
It just makes you feel more accepted . ”
raja.abdulrahim@ latimes.com
Exoplanets or “ extrasolar planets ” are planets found outside our solar system .
They are designated by affixing a lowercase letter , starting from “ b ” towards “ z ” depending on order of discovery , to their parent star ’s Flamsteed designation or catalogue numbers .
When PSR1257 + 12 B and PSR1257 + 12 C ( they used uppercase letters for these very first ones because they did not yet use the current nomenclature ) , and later 51 Pegasi b , the first confirmed exoplanets were discovered in the early 1990 ’s , they were hailed as the most significant breakthroughs in the field of Astronomy since the Copernican Revolution and caused an uproar in the scientific community , and revived hopes of finding Earth - like planets and perhaps life outside the Solar System .
Before those discoveries extrasolar planets were deemed nonexistent by most reputable astronomers and mere mention of their existence was treated as science fiction such that no self - respecting scientist took them seriously until relatively recently .
Since then Exoplanetology , the study of exoplanets has evolved rapidly into a new branch of Astronomy , uncovering more than 400 such planets ( 30 of which in the month of October 2009 alone ) , but most of them were disappointingly similar to the first ones : hot bloated gas giants revolving very close to their star with orbital periods measured in days – sometimes termed “ roasters , ” and brown dwarves – failed stars which can be easily mistaken for the most massive planets .
The most plausible explanation for this is that the commonly used indirect methods of exoplanet detection are biased towards large , massive objects with short orbital periods which make them the easiest to identify .
Every once in a while though , with the help of advanced technology and new innovative means of improving our detective capabilities and a bit of luck we get a few surprises :
15 Oldest Planet PSR B1620 - 26 b ( discovered : May 30 , 1993 , confirmed : July 10 , 2003 )
PSR B1620 - 26 b , nicknamed “ Methuselah ” for biblical reasons , is the oldest exoplanet found to date at 13 billion years old , possibly the oldest ever considering the Universe itself is only a little older at 13.7 billion years old !
It was found deep inside the core of what is called a “ globular cluster ” of stars , which are composed of the very first stars that were formed right after the Big Bang .
And based on our knowledge of planet formation planets are born soon after their parent star , so if the exoplanet ’s star is really old , then the planet itself must be really old as well .
It was confirmed to be a planet only in 2003 which is good news for planet - hunters because if planets can be readily formed as quickly as stars just after the Big Bang then they must be as common too .
14 Closest to Solar System Epsilon Eridani ( Epsilon Eridani b discovered August 7 , 2000 )
It ’s actually a system of planets , not unlike how we like to call our own solar system .
The name “ Epsilon Eridani ” stands for the parent star , or their “ sun , ” and it has two probable planets orbiting it : one confirmed ( Epsilon Eridani b ) another yet unconfirmed ( Epsilon Eridani c ) , making it the closest planetary system at just over 10 light years from the solar system .
It even has not one but two asteroid belts , an inner one between Epsilon Eridani b and the star and an outer one between b and c , and also a dust ring beyond c’s orbit believed to be produced by extrasolar comets bumping into each other .
13 Most Suns 91 Aquarii b ( November 16 , 2003 )
When we think of planets we are used to the idea of planets around the sun in a single star system but in fact a surprising number ( about one in two ) of the stars we see in the night sky are really multiple star systems ; that is , a group of two or more stars orbiting around their common center of mass ( they appear as single points of light because of sheer distance ) .
In the 91 Aquarii system there are five stars , and in November 2003 it was discovered that a gas giant planet was orbiting the primary star , 91 Aquarii A , and thus the planet is alternatively named 91 Aquarii Ab to distinguish it from the other stars in the system and to make room for possible undiscovered planets around those other stars .
This gas giant is special because our methods of detecting exoplanets around stars require a great deal of precision which could unfortunately be thrown off by even one other nearby star , making it one of the few planets discovered in multiple star systems .
12 Most Exoplanets in One System 55 Cancri ( 55 Cancri b discovered April 12 , 2006 )
This is quite similar to the previous one in that it is a binary star system , a two - star multiple star system just like Tatooine ( which by the way has become a new scientific term describing planets in multiple star systems after the hypothetical HD 188753
Ab , which could have been the first of the “ Tatooine planets ” was hypothesized back in 2005 but was later disproved ) from Star Wars , but this time it has five medium - size “ Neptune - mass ” planets orbiting around the larger star 55 Cancri A , in order of distance from parent star : 55 Cancri e , b , c , f , and d ( or 55 Cancri Ae , Ab , Ac , Af , and Ad to distinguish them from the other star , 55 Cancri B ) .
This is the most number of confirmed planets orbiting one star other than the sun and hence raises the possibility of finding more planets around stars with or without known planetary systems by showing that our solar system of many planets is not unique .
11 Exoplanet ’s Atmospheric Composition Known HD 209458 b ( November 5 , 1999 )
Another “ special ” gas giant in the sense that its orbital plane aligns perfectly with our line of sight i.e. it regularly passes through the face of its parent star as seen from Earth .
This “ transiting ” of the planet allows us to more accurately calculate its size by analyzing the amount of its parent star ’s light that is blocked off as it passes and more importantly determine the composition of its atmosphere through Spectroscopy , the study of interactions between radiation and matter ( in this case , the interaction between gases and vapors in the planet ’s atmosphere and its sun ’s starlight ) .
Using this method they have detected the presence of sodium vapor and more recently ( October 2009 ) some water vapor , carbon dioxide , and methane in the planet ’s atmosphere .
It is also only the second planet revealed to possess organic compounds , with HD 189733 b being the first one on October 5 , 2005 .
10 Gas Giant in “ Habitable Zone ” Gliese 876 b ( June 23 , 1998 )
The habitable zone is the imaginary spherical shell surrounding a star where conditions are optimal for liquid water to exist on an Earth - sized planet orbiting within that shell .
This gas giant is special because it orbits inside its sun ’s habitable zone .
“ But so what , ” you say , “ how is it ‘ habitable , ’ we ca n’t live on gas giants , you know ! ”
While it is true that we humans are as of now incapable of living on or in a gas giant , take a quick look at the gas giants in our solar system : they all have some relatively big , icy moons , and it is not impossible ( albeit not certain ) that Gliese 876 b could have some habitable moons ( think Pandora and Polyphemus from the movie Avatar ) .
Even if not , there is no reason not to believe that life could originate in or on gas giants , as evidenced by a paper from respected astronomers discussing the possibility of life in Jupiter ’s thick atmosphere .
9 Survivor V391 Pegasi b ( March 2007 )
This gas giant was found orbiting a white dwarf star ( a type of dead star ) which means that at some time in the past during the star ’s red giant phase ( a red giant is a large dying star preceding the white dwarf stage ) the planet must have been skimming its sun ’s surface or possibly even orbited inside the dying star !
This bodes well for the planets in our own solar system including Earth , because our sun is believed to begin its red giant phase five billion years into the future , engulfing the orbits of the inner planets and possibly reaching the present - day orbit of Mars .
But even if the Earth does survive inside the red giant sun the surface will be totally sterilized by the high temperatures in the red giant sun .
8 First “ Super - Earth ” µ Arae c ( August 25 , 2004 )
Up to now we have been talking of a few noteworthy gas giants in a universe of hot bloated gas giants , but this planet , the first “ super - Earth , ” or large rocky exoplanet discovered , brought researchers much closer to finding Earth - like planets outside the solar system .
A “ super - Earth ” is defined as an exoplanet with a mass between that of the Earth and the giant planets in the solar system .
They are generally considered to be rocky because for an object the size of the earth its weak gravitational force tends to attract more of the densest most massive materials ( e.g. rocks and metals ) but little of the lightest materials like gases , which could then be easily blown off by astronomical phenomena like radiation from its sun , atmospheric escape , or large asteroid impacts .
As this rocky protoplanet grows to approach Jupiter - mass , however , its strengthening gravitational attraction allows it not only to pull more objects to its surface but also hold on to the lighter gases , setting off a vicious spiral which eventually leads to it becoming another gas giant .
It demonstrated how advancements in technology achieved through cooperation in the intensive development and constant innovation of new techniques can pay off and lead to bigger things ( or rather smaller things , as our refined techniques have detected exoplanets with smaller masses since then ) .
7 Possible “ Hot Neptune ” Gliese 436 b ( August 31 , 2004 )
It was discovered soon after the first super - earth , with their masses and diameters roughly equivalent .
Initial calculations , however , suggested a density greater than those of gas giants but not quite as dense as rocky super - Earths , and led scientists to believe it was made primarily of the next most abundant compound in the universe : water ( which in turn is composed of some of the most abundant elements in the universe : Hydrogen and Oxygen ) .
But given the planet ’s high surface gravity due to its high mass and small radius , and the fact that it orbits close to its star , any water comprising the planet is thought to be exotic forms of “ hot ice ” or water compressed into a hot , solid state by enormous pressures , like how carbon atoms are compressed into diamonds by pressures beneath the Earth ’s surface .
6 Lava-coated Super - Earth COROT - 7 b ( February 3 , 2009 )
This recent addition to the fast growing list of extrasolar planets thrilled scientists when they determined its diameter to be only about 1.7 times that of Earth with a density and inferred composition similar to that of Earth .
It was among the smallest exoplanets at the time of its discovery and the most Earth - like , if not for a literal sea of molten rock and metal covering its entire surface due to its orbit ’s extreme proximity to its sun !
It is also one of the few super - Earths with an atmosphere , but only a really thin and tenuous one with trace amounts of water vapor and various metals in gaseous form because of extreme conditions on its surface .
5 First Planets to be Photographed Fomalhaut b and HR 8799 b , c , d ( November 13 , 2008 )
Direct exoplanet observation has been compared to watching a gnat flying across the face of a searchlight on a foggy day from miles away ( source : National Geographic ) .
Fomalhaut b and HR 8799 b , c , d are the first exoplanets directly imaged in optical wavelengths ( that is , in colloquial terms , photographed ) using huge Earth - based telescopes at W.M. Keck and Gemini Observatories in Hawaii along with the Hubble Space Telescope .
Truly an impressive feat , yes , but not quite as impressive as the next one .
4 Farthest planet from parent to be imaged GJ 758 b ( November 2009 )
It ’s roughly the same distance from its star as Neptune is from the sun , so it only receives and reflects a tiny fraction of its sun ’s light , like Neptune .
But if you thought observing Neptune from the Earth is hard enough , try photographing an object as dim as Neptune , only from 50 light years ( about 500 trillion kilometres or 300 trillion miles ) away in another star system !
That ’s exactly what the Hubble space telescope did in November 2009 .
What ’s really interesting about this and the previous item is that these telescopes are scheduled to be replaced by a new generation of more powerful telescopes , some of them dedicated solely to planet - hunting ( notably the Terrestrial Planet Finder or TPF to be launched in 2015 with a stated mission of – you guessed it – finding terrestrial planets ) .
So if the old general purpose and soon - to - be - obsolete Hubble telescope can accomplish that , who knows what more we could find with the newer , specialized telescopes !
3 Planetary collision HD 172555 ( August 2009 )
Infrared detectors on Nasa ’s Spitzer Space Telescope detected large amounts of vaporised rock , along with fragments of hardened lava , known as tektites , which are usually formed by meteorite impacts .
The existence of such a large amount of these kinds of material that would be enough to obscure a star ’s light points to a huge impact – a planetary collision – in order to produce that much debris .
Its discovery shows that catastrophic planet - scale collisions are not very uncommon in the universe , and supports the widely accepted theory that the Earth ’s moon was created by a similar event in the distant past .
Furthermore , computer simulations have predicted the remote possibility of future collisions in our solar system 3 billion years into the future , far from the 2 years that pseudo - scientist nuts want you to believe .
2 Super -Earth Closest to Solar System GJ 1214 b ( December 16 , 2009 )
This one is very much like COROT - 7 b but it is closer to Earth at 42 light years and hence can be more comprehensively studied .
Like COROT - 7b its surface is much hotter than Earth ’s , but much milder than that of COROT - 7 b which could allow for a thicker and denser atmosphere , if one exists .
1 Most Earth - like Exoplanet Yet Gliese 581 d ( April 24 , 2007 )
At 7 to 14 times the mass of Earth this planet is considered to be a super - Earth but remarkable in that its orbit is inside the habitable zone , and has a solid surface allowing for any water present on its surface to form liquid oceans and even landmasses characteristic of Earth ’s surface , although with a much higher surface gravity .
So striking is its resemblance to Earth that it has inspired some people to send greetings intended for possible intelligent life forms that could have developed similarly to us .
+ Exoplanet Naming Society
Can you imagine talking about exoplanets at a party and going about how awesome PSR1257 + 12 B , PSR1257 + 12 C , PSR B1620 - 26 b , HD 209458 b , µ Arae c , COROT - 7b , GJ 758 b , GJ 1214 b , and HD 172555 are ?
That ’s what ’s led to the creation of the Exoplanet Naming Society a little over a year ago , which aims to replace the current designations of exoplanets with mythological names for easy reference , like the planets in our solar system .
Now you can participate in this exciting new age of discovery by assigning obscure unpronounceable names to distant balls of rock and gas for future grade school children to memorize .
The cost of buying a home in Canada contrasts significantly from coast to coast .
Some of the world ’s least affordable cities are on the West Coast , while some markets in Eastern Canada remain relatively inexpensive , according to a survey of cities worldwide released Wednesday .
According to the fifth annual Demographia International Housing Affordability Survey , Vancouver sits fourth on the list of least affordable cities in the world , with a median house price at 8.4 times the median income .
That means it costs 8.4 years ’ average income to purchase a house .
The average median in Canada was 3.5 .
The New York - based Demographia report , released in Canada by the Frontier Centre for Public Policy , looked at third - quarter 2008 data in 265 metropolitan markets , including Australia , Canada , the Republic of Ireland , New Zealand , the United Kingdom and the United States and defines affordable home prices as three times a city ’s median income or less .
Vancouver fell behind Gold Coast in Australia at No. 3 , Honolulu in Hawaii at No. 2 , and Australia ’s Sunshine Coast , which is in top spot on the least affordable list .
All of Canada ’s " severely unaffordable " cities are in British Columbia , including Victoria at seven , Kelowna at 19 and Abbotsford at 25 .
The survey uses existing house sales data to rate housing affordability in 265 global markets .
There are 87 " affordable " markets , 74 " moderately unaffordable " markets , 49 that are " seriously unaffordable " markets and 64 are " severely unaffordable . "
All of the 87 " affordable markets " are in Canada and the United States , while most markets in Australia , Ireland , New Zealand and the United Kingdom are rated as " severely unaffordable . "
There are 77 affordable markets in the United States and 10 affordable markets in Canada .
" Regardless of where you live in the world , one can buy most needs and wants from a variety of places : food from France , cars from Japan , and oil from Oman at the world price .
In contrast , perhaps the most obvious feature of houses is that they are not very mobile .
For homes , you must buy those available in your local market , or uproot yourself and move , " the Frontier Centre said in a release .
" Housing prices are arguably more important than any other item for purchase -- home ownership anchors people into the community , which they value more when they own a part of it .
House prices are also a big lever on the world economy , as recent events south of the border have brutally proven .
When prices are high for any reason , they have further to fall and they create losses that are harder for people to recover from .
Societies with affordable housing offer community , opportunity , and economic stability .
When affordability is lost , many people end up poorer , socially marginalized , and in less stable economies , " the centre added .
While B.C. cities ranked poorly , several cities on the other side of the country made the most affordable list .
Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia is Canada ’s most affordable market area and sits at number five on the list behind four U.S. markets , while Moncton , N.B , is also considered affordable .
The Ontario cities of Thunder Bay and Chatham also ranked as affordable at Nos. 12 and 17 respectively .
Winnipeg was the largest city to be included on the affordable list with a 3.0 median , although it is near the bottom of the list .
Ottawa - Gatineau , while rated " moderately unaffordable " , is considered the most affordable major market in Canada with median multiple of 3.4 .
The average price of a house in Vancouver in December 2008 was $ 560,953 and $ 444,222 in Victoria .
That ’s compared to $ 182,814 in Winnipeg and $ 272,672 in Ottawa .
In Nova Scotia , outside of Halifax , the average price of a home was $ 181,945 , according to the latest figures from the Canadian Real Estate Association .
Sexual abstinence ' can make you attractive '
Washington | December 03 , 2009 10:47:58 AM
IST
When male blue - footed boobies take a yearlong break from sex , they get a brighter shade of blue in their feet the following year , which makes them more attractive to females , says a new study .
Blue - footed boobies are best known for their bright blue webbed feet , which the males prominently display in courtship dance to attract females , reports The National Geographic News .
A new study shows that while attractiveness of the blue feet diminishes with age in males that reproduce each year , if males skip a breeding season and do n't mate , they displayed a more attractive foot colour and had more green chroma .
Breeding for these tropical seabirds involves more than just the mating itself .
Boobies have a long period of biparental care , i.e. , the males are active participants in raising their young .
The eggs are incubated for 45 days , and chicks stay with their parents for a four - month rearing period .
Researchers from University of Vigo in Spain , and the National Autonomous University of Mexico studied more than a hundred male blue - footed boobies over a total of six months in 2004 and 2005 on Mexicos Isla Isabel , and measured their green chroma using a spectrophotometer .
They concluded that its likely the sabbaticals from reproducing offspring may allow the male boobies to physically recover and display brighter feet in their quest of finding a mate .
The study has been published in The Royal Society 's Biology Letters .
( ANI )
Watch News Videos
( via cowsandmilk )
The Fairgrade group is seeking to lower the Fairfax school system ’s cutoff for an A from 94 points to 90 on a 100 - point scale , arguing that the higher bar hurts competitiveness in college admissions and scholarships .
Parents are nuts .
Every teacher and administrator is already aware of the growing problem of “ grade inflation ” .
Average GPAs have significantly increased over the last decade or two .
This could be that students are doing better than the used to do in school .
Or it could mean that the same level of achievement earns better grades now than it used to .
I ’m betting that the latter is the more likely explanation .
I saw this very clearly when I was in school .
Grades do n’t reflect your aptitude , intelligence , or understanding of the subject matter .
You do n’t need to actually learn much useful material to get good grades .
( And many of those who learn exceptionally well do n’t get good grades . )
Good grades are usually the result of doing ( or copying ) all of the bullshit homework assignments , “ note - taking ” by copying all of the bold words and definitions out of the textbook , writing formulaic essays that barely fulfill page - length minimums by fluffing them up with meaningless padding , and memorizing the formulas for 36 hours to get you through the test , during which the teacher often leaves the room so you can cheat from your friends .
Most people did this and got excellent 3.5 + GPAs so they could go to decent colleges , get decent grades there by doing the same things , and go on to awful big - company insurance jobs or glamorous careers selling clothes at the mall .
That ’s not the route I took .
I only ever copied a handful of assignments ( and only to barely pass senior - year Latin class — thanks , Deena ! ) .
Usually , I just did n’t do my homework because I knew it was bullshit .
I never took notes , even when we were required to .
I wrote concisely and never even approached the page - length minimums .
I bombed any test that was based on memorization ( but aced the ones based on understanding ) , and I never cheated on a test , even when literally everyone else in the classroom was .
As a result , I had a “ bad ” 3.0 GPA in high school , then I moved on to college and did far worse ( homework counted a lot more and I never learned how to truly study ) , and I barely graduated ( 6 months late ) with a GPA that I do n’t even know but that ’s probably in the low - 2 range .
I ’m useful in the real world and have a great job doing what I love .
Most people from my generation can’t really do anything else in the real world except bullshit jobs because nobody ever held them to very high standards .
They do n’t know how to recognize their flaws and improve themselves because everyone always told them that they were doing great and they could do anything just by wanting to .
They never ask good questions , nor do they know how or why they should , because they ’re taught to shut up and accept whatever the teachers and textbooks tell them .
They ca n’t write because they were taught that every essay needed to be written in Bing - Bang - Bongo format , and nobody ever significantly penalized them for incorrect grammar or spelling .
They never really needed to understand the material , only memorize this chapter in the textbook until the test .
And even if they did poorly on tests , they could easily pull an A or B in the class just by doing all of the bullshit homework ( regardless of how well it was done ) .
I had to truly understand the material because I needed to accomplish the opposite : I ’d get near - zero homework grades because I ’d never do it , so I needed ( and usually got ) near - 100 % test grades to make up the difference .
I ’d barely pull through and get a C most of the time .
I knew the material inside and out .
And I still know far more of it than most of my classmate sheep who got excellent grades by doing everything “ right ” .
( I also owe a lot to exposing myself to the thorough , constant , effective criticism of the internet , which constantly forces me to improve myself , and for which I am eternally grateful . )
You can understand why I do n’t trust the validity of grades .
Nikita Filatov : “ Returning to Russia was my idea ” ( Photo © Associated Press )
Nikita Filatov had an interview with eurosport .ru website in which he talked about his return , his opinion about his path towards the NHL and about his future .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation of the most interesting questions and answers .
– How do you feel after the fly through ocean and within Russia ?
– Well , not bad .
I ’m adapting gradually .
They say that the hardest thing is fly towards East .
I landed from America and then at once even farer : Chelyabinsk , Ekaterinburg , Magnitogorsk .
I was in Moscow for the last time on September 8th .
– Was it hard getting to the games ?
– Nothing special .
I knew all the guys and it helped me .
When I met the team I was n’t familiar only with a couple of guys .
It was easy to adapt to the group .
If we talk about the physical adaptation , that was harder .
I arrived in Moscow on Tuesday ( November 19th ) and on Friday I was already on ice for my first match in Chelyabinsk .
– After the first match you wrote me that hockey here is fun .
Why ?
– Many things are organized in a different way .
In America the rinks are a lot smaller .
And thus the game is tougher , more aggressive .
There is less space to show your worth .
Here it ’s like playing at the airport .
There is a lot of space and at first I was n’t used to .
When I arrived here , I did n’t think about which kind of hockey I could find .
The game and the rules are always the same .
But now after some games I feel some differences .
Not that the level is different .
Simply that hockey here is a little different , firstly because of the bigger rinks size .
And also that here hockey is n’t played roughly , while in the NHL it is .
– Your return was rather unexpected .
On Thursday , November 17th the Columbus Dispatch informed about your loan to CSKA and after two days you were already on ice .
Is it worth for guys aged 18 - 19 move from the KHL to the NHL ?
Try to reply not according to your own experience , but in general .
– I think that we should use a case - by - case approach .
Any player has his story and is a different individual .
You should understand who drafted him and where he wants to go .
It ’s also really important consider where he was playing before leaving , if he was riding the pine in the KHL or playing in the MHL .
Someone would need a stint in the AHL , like me .
I ’ve spent half of the first year in the AHL and half in the NHL .
It was really useful for me playing in the AHL .
Someone else would say that playing for the farm is a very bad thing , but in fact it helped me a lot .
– And what would it be better for a young player : trying improving in the KHL or fly overseas towards the NHL ?
– To each his own .
I tried hard there and I do n’t think I was disappointing .
Many would agree that I played well .
I made a good job of my chances , when I got them and I progressed .
This is why I do n’t think my return is a step backwards .
It ’s just a change of direction .
– And when you understood that it was time for a change ?
– It was at the start of this season , after some five games .
It was already clear that the coach would n’t give me a chance .
I had high expectations when I arrived there .
I was sure that all would have been going in the way I wanted to .
They were judging well my skills , I was scoring and I was simply playing well .
But since then my playing time constantly decreased .
– This is strange , I think .
– Exactly .
And when some injuries arisen within the team I thought that the situation would change , that finally my chance arrived .
But the situation has n’t changed and all just went on like before .
– During the draft you could have ended up in Toronto or with the Islanders …
– Of course , I ’ve thought about that and about what it would have been if i was there .
Also considering that many 20 - year guys are already playing twenty minutes a night there .
Of course I think about it and it makes me feel bad .
– What did you think when you scored a hat - trick ?
You probably hoped to earn Hitchcock ’s trust and it turned out to be the other way around .
– Yes .
After scoring the hat - trick I did n’t understand what was going on as I did something unreal !
Then I spent the next week with the Blue Jackets and was sent down to the AHL .
It ’s hard to comment on that situation , it was a real shock for me .
I thought that the hat - trick would change something , hoped that they would keep me in the main team for the rest of the season .
But in a week they sent me back .
Now it ’s not a big deal for me , after all I was only 18 back then .
But even during this season the coach kept telling me “ You are just 19 , why hasten ? ” .
And I thought : “ And when I will be 20 next season , will he tell me the same ? ”
– You said that before the draft you had a one - hour talk with the Blue Jackets and Hitchcock .
What did you think of him then ?
Was it similar same to what you saw when you joined the Blue Jackets later ?
– I ca n’t say that something went wrong between me and him .
We always talked , he gave me advice .
I really learned a lot thanks to Hitchcock .
At least playing in defence , that ’s for sure .
Maybe we have different views on hockey and my development .
He thinks that I should not rush things , that I should play for the farm team for some time .
But I think everything can be done faster .
– In an interview with Sport Express , Oleg Tverdovsky said that Canadian coaches “ have a game plan .
They ’ll give you five minutes , if you score three goals in five shifts you ’re going to sit on the bench anyway .
The plan for them is the law .
Players are just pawns .
There is only one way to get out of this situation , ask for a trade ” .
What ’s your opinion on the matter ?
– I ’d agree with him .
It depends from which role you want for you and how you can perform .
If a player from the fourth line or a tough guy would score three goals , then he wo n’t get in the second line on the next game .
That ’s because in the coach ’s eyes he remains a fourth line player and should play six minutes a game .
This is what happened to me .
Though they did n’t plan to trade me to another team .
The general manager wanted to see if I could score more .
– Who had the idea to send you to the KHL ?
– It was an idea of mine .
I want to play , and to play a lot .
And I also wanted to get into team practice exactly with CSKA .
I have n’t thought a lot to other variants , CSKA is my home and I spent there 13 years .
Here I know everyone and thus this variant is the best one .
It was easy to get around here and I started to play as soon as I arrived .
There were no difficulties , it was n’t like when I first left in 2008 .
Now I dealt with the new management and we were all happy .
– In five months you ’ll have to come back to Columbus .
Could you decide to remain in Russia anyway ?
– I ’m practically sure that I will come back , but not to the hundred percent .
Now I do n’t want to claim anything .
The first time I left for the USA I did n’t thought to return , especially so quickly .
Thus I wo n’t say anything about the next season .
Selenium supplements ' bad for heart '
Although many Europeans do n't get as much selenium as they should according to nutritionists , it 's not a good idea to recommend high - dosed selenium supplements or enrich food with the mineral .
Researchers at the British University of Warwick draw this conclusion in the article they published in the Journal of Nutrition .
They discovered that a high level of selenium raises the concentration of bad cholesterol in the blood .
The researchers analyzed the blood of over a thousand white Britons aged between 19 and 64 .
They measured the subjects ' selenium and cholesterol levels .
They discovered that Britons with high levels of selenium in their blood – such as those in the 4th quartile of the table below – also have more bad LDL cholesterol in their blood .
A raised LDL level is still an important predictor of heart attacks .
This relationship is shown in the graphs below : more selenium , more bad cholesterol .
And the subjects with extremely high selenium levels had even less good HDL cholesterol in their blood .
The researchers do n't know what mechanism is behind the relationship between cholesterol and selenium .
They speculate that the body produces more selenoprotein P if it has more selenium available , and that the extra selenoprotein P ultimately causes more LDL cholesterol to be produced .
But the exact relationship is not understood .
Even though the mechanism is not fully understood , the results of the study speak for themselves , claim the researchers .
" The widespread use of selenium supplements or of any other strategy that artificially increases selenium status above the level required for optimal selenoprotein concentration / activity is unwarranted at the present time " , they conclude .
Heavy selenium supplements are popular among natural athletes who want to boost their testosterone level .
Although it 's not clear whether the British research results also apply to super fit athletes , it might be an idea not to take heavy selenium supplements continuously , but to take them in cycles instead .
Source :
J Nutr. 2010 Jan;140 ( 1):81 -7 .
( CNN ) --
Four days after Haiti's massive earthquake , efforts are under way to bury the dead as thousands of bodies crumpled in the streets of Port - au - Prince lay exposed to the sun or draped in sheets and cardboard .
Throughout the city , people covered their noses from the stench and some resorted to face masks .
CNN correspondents in Haiti reported efforts to remove the bodies , including the creation of a mass grave .
It 's still unclear how many people have been killed in Tuesday 's earthquake ; the prime minister suggested there could be several hundreds of thousands .
CNN 's Anderson Cooper , reporting Friday from a mass grave on the outskirts of Port - au - Prince , described seeing hundreds of bodies mixed with garbage in open pits .
Some bodies were bulldozed into the half - filled pits .
" These people will vanish , " Cooper said in a phone report .
" No one will know what happened to them .
That 's one of the many horrors .
" There 's no system in place here .
Literally these people here are being collected off the streets , dumped into a dump truck , then brought out here and dumped in the pits , " he said .
The fear of disease is frequently the reason for rapidly burying bodies in mass graves .
But contrary to popular belief , bodies do not cause epidemics after natural disasters , experts said .
" The reality is that most of the disease that live in us -- once our body is dead they can't survive very long , " said Oliver Morgan , an epidemiologist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Fecal matter from the deceased could contaminate the water supply , posing a risk , but " it 's nowhere near the risk of all the survivors living in the streets with no sanitation , " said Morgan , who contributed to the World Health Organization 's guidelines on managing bodies after a natural disaster .
There has never been an epidemic after a natural disaster that was traced to exposure to bodies , according to the WHO .
The chief priority must lie with the living , experts said .
" Body collection is not the most urgent task after a natural disaster , " according to the WHO 's 2006 guidance on the Management of Dead Bodies after Disasters .
" The priority is to care for survivors .
There is no significant public health risk associated with the presence of bodies .
Nevertheless , bodies should be collected as soon as possible and taken away for identification . "
Mass graves , it warned , are " not justified on public health grounds .
Rushing to dispose of bodies without proper identification traumatizes families and communities and may have serious legal consequences . "
" There 's always talks about mass graves because that 's always the easiest solution , " said Frank Ciaccio , vice president of commercial services at Kenyon International Emergency Services , a disaster management company that responds to mass fatality accidents .
" We do n't strongly recommend them .
However , sometimes in situations in very developing nations , that 's the only thing to do . "
In cases of mass graves , teams should at least document or photograph the individual for future identification , he said .
Kenyon has deployed an emergency response assessment team to Haiti .
Ciaccio was part of the crew that responded to the tsunami in Southeast Asia in 2004 and New Orleans , Louisiana , after Hurricane Katrina in 2005 .
Having bodies on the street is very distressing to survivors .
" That 's going to be very stressful , " Ciaccio said .
" It 's hot temperatures and that 's not a pleasant sight .
There 's decomposed bodies .
And the hotter the weather , the quicker the decomposition . "
Decomposition starts as early as the day of death , bringing stench and pests .
" When you have bodies on the street that begin to decompose , you eventually get maggot infestation because of flies and you have a potential of rats , " said Vernie Fountain , the disaster task force leader of the National Funeral Directors Association .
At one of the capital city 's cemeteries , people opened up old crypts and shoved corpses of quake victims into them before resealing them .
Workers loaded bodies -- piled on the sides of roads -- into the basket of a front - loader tractor , which then deposited them into blood - stained dump trucks , according to CNN correspondents in Haiti .
" There 's little dignity in death in Port - au - Prince these days , " Cooper said in his report .
The United States is deploying mortuary teams to identify and bury the dead in a public safety rescue mission , Kathleen Sebelius , secretary of Health and Human Services , said Thursday .
After huge disasters , mortuary teams often face logistical nightmares , working with little resources , thousands of bodies , collapsed infrastructure , language barriers and different cultural and religious views .
After working in the aftermath of landslides , cyclones , hurricanes and tsunamis with mass fatalities , Morgan realized the lack of a guidelines for handling the bodies was a recurring problem .
" What we often see are these pictures of mass graves which are dug three feet deep with hundreds of bodies thrown into this large hole , " Morgan said .
" That 's discouraged in preference to having a more organized situation with a long trench grave and putting bodies in an ordered way , or marked graves so people know where the victims are buried . "
One possible solution is to move the bodies to a temporary , organized collection point and to gather as much information to help with future identification , said Fountain , who served as a national officer for Disaster Mortuary Operational Response Team , a national response team designed to provide mortuary assistance in mass fatality incidents .
After the tsunami killed 225,000 people in 2004 , various Southeast Asian countries handled the dead differently based on location and available resources .
While none of the countries affected by the tsunami had enough refrigerated storage to handle the corpses , many found alternatives by burying the dead in temporary , shallow graves with the intent to exhume them later .
Other bodies were hastily buried within 24 hours in mass graves .
" The parallels are mass fatalities and catastrophic events , " Ciaccio said .
" We have a significant loss of life ; we have people that are unknown ; we have a significant number of missing people .
The one minor difference in Thailand was that it was isolated to shoreline about a mile in .
Here you have total destruction of an infrastructure system . "
Cheers and Jeers for Wednesday , January 13 , 2010
Note : Today is Wednesday the 13th .
No need to take any special precautions , but it might be as good a day as any to take a few minutes and re-alphabetize the porn collection in your panic room .
-
By the Numbers :
Days ' til Super Bowl XLIV : 25
Days `til the Oregon Truffle Festival in Eugene : 16
Average per-employee compensation at Goldman Sachs in 2009 : $ 595,000
( Source : Hardball )
Average federal worker 's pay : $ 71,206
Average private sector employee 's pay : $ 40,331
( Source : The Week )
Amount of money the six Harry Potter movies have made so far : $ 5.4 billion
( Source : Entertainment Weekly )
Amount the one Avatar movie has made so far : $ 1.35 billion
( Source : Box Office Mojo )
-
Mid-week Rapture Index : 171 ( including 3 Date Settings and ...
Whoops !
Better make that 4 ! ) Soul Protection Factor 8 lotion is recommended if you ’ll be walking amongst the heathen today .
-
Puppy Pic of the Day : " Louie , I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship .
-
CHEERS to hucksters on the hot seat .
Today the ten members of the Congressionally - appointed " Drag Their Crooked Asses Through A Briar Patch " Committee will hear testimony from the CEOs of four major banks to find out just how they brought America to the brink of a second great depression .
It 's an attempt to duplicate the crackdown of the '30s :
Lawmakers say the commission was modeled after the Pecora Commission , a panel that was convened after the 1929 Wall Street crash and other events leading to the Great Depression .
The Pecora panel 's findings led to an overhaul of federal banking laws , including the creation of the Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 .
Glass - Steagall divided investment banking from government - insured commercial banking ; ending that separation in the 1990s was seen by some critics as contributing to the current crisis .
As others far smarter than me ( read : anyone with a pulse ) have pointed out , Wall Street is a lot different today than it was 50 years ago ... a hydra whose every head is a lawyer , and each one that gets cut off is replaced by two more .
Given the non-seriousness of banking reform thus far , I 'm not expecting much beyond some You Tube - worthy " gotcha " moments .
But if they add the right clown music , I 'll take it .
JEERS to messy morning math .
Haiti + lots of people + lots of buildings made of very weak materials + seismic event x 7.0 = Ugly Situation .
It 's hard writing about disasters so soon after they happen , because chances are the real death toll and damage report will be much much higher by the time we write tomorrow 's update .
Thrilled to be proven wrong .
P.S. Dallasdoc 's multi-updated diary has info on the quake and how Kossacks can help out .
Thanks .
JEERS to Little Miss Victimhood .
I get so tired of fetching the paper from the front porch , opening it up , and finding another whiny article about how Olympia Snowe feels like a victim in the healthcare reform debate .
She 's so ---[ sniff ] --- frustrated by all the partisanship , Democrat and Republican !
Yeah , boohoo , lady --- here 's a quarter , call someone who cares .
Every single goddam member of her goon squad decided from Day 1 that their only contribution to healthcare reform would amount to extending their middle finger and trying to choke us with it --- a mindset that can be summed up in two sentences from her colleague , Jim DeMint : " If we ’re able to stop Obama on this it will be his Waterloo .
It will break him . "
Now kindly go back to your Parcheesi game with Senator Collins , ma'am , and Get. Off. My. Newspaper .
CHEERS to discus lite .
Wham - O began producing the " Frisbee " 53 years ago on January 13 , 1957 .
Ever wonder where the name comes from ?
The Frisbie Baking Company ( 1871 -1958 ) of Bridgeport , Connecticut , made pies that were sold to many New England colleges .
Hungry college students soon discovered that the empty pie tins could be tossed and caught , providing endless hours of game and sport .
Many colleges have claimed to be the home of 'he who was first to fling . '
Yale College has even argued that in 1820 , a Yale undergraduate named Elihu Frisbie grabbed a passing collection tray from the chapel and flung it out into the campus , thereby becoming the true inventor of the Frisbie and winning glory for Yale .
That tale is unlikely to be true since the words ' Frisbie 's Pies ' was embossed in all the original pie tins and from the word ' Frisbie ' was coined the common name for the toy .
Frisbees remind me of the Republican party : Lightweight , logic as contorted as a no -look reverse - flick backhanded corkscrew air bounce , and the only thing that keeps it aloft is spin .
CHEERS to Day 2 .
It 's hard not to feel increasingly rah - rah 'ish over the job that Ted Olson and David Boies are doing in federal court as they argue to get California 's Proposition 8 declared unconstitutional .
( A succinct summary of yesterday 's testimony is here at Pam 's place , and watch Rachel 's Tuesday interview with The Odd Couple here . )
And whether you agree with their timing or not , there 's something good happening across the country now as a result of the visibility of this case : if nothing else , lots of people are having a dialogue about the meaning of marriage in America --- the responsibilities , the status it bestows , the benefits that come with it , the depth of the bond that it signifies , and who exactly should be eligible and why .
The holes in the opposition 's arguments are big enough to drive a catering van through , and Olson is having a field day arguing for gay marriage through a conservative megaphone , and do n't think for a second that he 's not scaring the pants off organizations like the Family Research Council and NOM .
Today : months of practice pay off during the big Bollywood dance number !
CHEERS to altering our collective birth certificate .
Cool new discovery in Poland suggests that we made the transition " from fin to foot " faster than originally thought :
A team headed by tetrapod expert Per Ahlberg of Uppsala University , Sweden , report in the British weekly journal Nature the finding of a dozen distinctive " hand " and " foot " prints from a creature that lived around 395 million years ago .
This means that they are 18 million years older than the earliest tetrapod fossils found yet , and 10 million years earlier than the first known elpistostegids .
...
The find blows all traditional thought out of the water since it implies that tetrapods emerged much earlier than was previously thought .
...
The prints " force a radical reassessment of the timing , ecology and environmental setting of the fish - tetrapod transition , as well as the completeness of the body fossil record , " says the study .
Interesting fact :
On their way up the evolutionary chain they 'd developed their extremities to the point where they were able to wave at the creationists on their way down .
CHEERS to kickin ' the tires and checkin ' under the hood .
The Detroit Auto Show is underway in , of all places , Detroit .
It 's a shorter and more low - key affair , although not as bad as last year when one vendor said , " I 've been to funerals with more smiles . "
We do have one fearless prediction , though : history will deem the Nissan " Leaf " the lamest vehicle name since the Ford " Hairball . "
( " Hey , I drive a Leaf ! " " Sure ya do .
And I drive a twig .
You need a ride back to the infirmary , dear ? " )
-
Five years ago in C&J : January 13 , 2005
CHEERS to Howard Dean .
He formally throws his stethoscope in the ring as candidate for chairman of the Democratic National Committee , vowing to rebuild the party from the ground up .
Kudos for this bit of common sense : " The Democratic Party needs a vibrant , forward - thinking , long - term presence in every single state ... We can only win when we show up . "
Just not Wednesday night , please .
The West Wing 's on .
JEERS to the price of maintaining a pulse .
Oh this is beautiful .
Spending on health care in 2003 slowed for the first time in 7 years ( to $ 1.7 Trillion ) ... but only because it was harder for the poor , the elderly and the handicapped to get it .
Well , that and one ungodly massive goiter extraction ( " Cleanup in O.R. 6 -- and bring the hose ! " )
-
And just one more ...
CHEERS to proving the dummy wrong .
I got an URGENT ( !!!) email yesterday from some conservative hack who wanted me to know something very important .
It 's --- as most of these conspiratorial screeds are --- very long , but here 's the Crazy Clifs Notes version .
Being a fan of alliteration , the first sentence gave me goosebumps :
The discredited , democrat funded ' DailyKos ' web site continues with it 's daily doctored , dishonest , democrat funded pro-Obama polling numbers .
Today 's doctored poll shows Obama 's approval numbers a full EIGHT points higher than the average of all the respected , neutral , trusted polls and a full TEN points higher than the respected CBS News poll released earlier today .
Let 's be clear , Kos is taking money from democrats to doctor opinion polls and the boot - lickers and sycophants that support Kos are afraid to challenge Kos .
Remember , dissenting opinion , debate and argument are not allowed on the Kos web site .
If you disagree with Kos you are not allowed to post articles on the democrat funded Kos web site so none of the information regarding doctored Kos polls and other Kos lies will ever appear on his web site .
Much like the low rated Olbermann program , dissent on the ' DailyKos ' is forbidden !
The evidence and history of the phony doctored polls on the democrat funded DailyKos irrefutable and striking , unfortunately the anonymous so - called writers that post stories on Kos are not allowed to criticize him or they 'll be banned for life .
And this is where yours truly takes the " democrat funded " risk of a lifetime , steps off the ledge , and tests the emailer 's grand theory .
As a Daily Kos " bootlicker " this is difficult , but here goes : Markos , you are a butthead !
The rest ... is in God 's hands .
Please pray for my soul .
Have a nice Wednesday .
Stay classy .
Floor 's open ... What are you cheering and jeering about today ?
-
Today 's Shameless C&J Testimonial :
Vatican Says ' Cheers and Jeers ' Is No Masterpiece
AP
-
And a few non- guitarists ….
“ We did n’t have any instruments , so I had to use my guitar . ” – Mother Maybelle Carter
Leo Kottke during a master class : “ With all these great ( guitar teachers ) around here , do n’t cop their licks , COP THEIR ATTITUDE . ”
“ God has a way of telling you when to change your strings . ” – Dave van Ronk
“ You do n’t find a style , … a style finds you . ”
Keith Richards
In the mid-1960s , Don Adams was a guest on Jimmy Dean ’s network television show .
He mentioned to Jimmy that his wife had given him a guitar for Christmas , and he was really enjoying it .
Jimmy was surprised , and asked Don if he ’d like to play something .
Don said sure , and a stage hand rolled in a Fender Twin and handed Don a Gibson ES 335 .
Don spent a few seconds putting on the strap , plugging the guitar into the amp , and setting the controls .
Then he spent a few more seconds tuning up .
At that point , he put his index finger on the tenth fret on the high E and plucked a solid D note .
He then sat back , satisfied , and took his hands off the guitar .
Dean looked puzzled , waited a moment and then asked “ Is that it ? ” “ Yep , ” replied Adams .
Dean still looked puzzled .
He said “ Well , it ’s just that other guitarists seems to move up and down the neck , playing a lot more notes . ”
“ Well , yeah , ” stated Adams .
“ They ’re looking for it .
I found it . ”
“ If someone is having a lot of difficulty learning one of my songs , he probably is n’t playing it correctly ”
“ If you make the same mistake 3 times , that becomes ‘ your arrangement ’ “- Jorma K
Guitar is easy , all it takes is 5 fingers , 6 strings and 1 a** hole – Keith Richards
“ There is two kinds of music , the good and bad .
I play the good kind . ”
~ Louis Armstrong
Lots of people who complained about us receiving the MBE received theirs for heroism in the war — for killing people .
We received ours for entertaining other people .
I ’d say we deserve ours more .
~ John Lennon
I do n’t know anything about music .
In my line you do n’t have to .
~ Elvis Presley
All music is folk music .
I ai n’t never heard no horse sing a song .
~ Louis Armstrong
Willie Dixon : “ A bad rendition of you is better than a good rendition of somebody else . ”
I played the guitar
for ten years before I realised it was n’t a weapon . ” - Pete Townshend
“ Life is what happens while you are making other plans . ” – John Lennon
“ You ’re never too old to become the person you might have been . ” - John Lennon
“ They would n’t know good music if it came up and bit them in the ass ” - Zappa
“ Jazz isn`t dead , it only smells funny . ” - Frank Zappa
“ I called Leo Fender , the dead guy , a dork .
Now I`ll never get an
endorsement . ” – Kurt Cobain
“ starts out slow and then fizzles out altogether . ” - Neil Young , introducing one of his songs .
“ Bad music can make you weak . ” - Ry Cooder
During a recent Willie Nelson interview the interviewer asked Willie if he
had given any thought to retiring .
Willie responed , as only Willie can , “ All
I do is play guitar and golf .
Which one should I give up ? ”
“ life is too short to play bad music ” – Bob Brozman
“ I ’ve practiced my tone for almost 50 years and if I ca n’t hear my tone , I ca n’t play .
If I ca n’t play , then I wo n’t get paid .
If I do n’t get paid , then I ’ll lose the house , you know ?
It ’s like a chain reaction .
If I lose my tone , I ca n’t fuck , I ca n’t make love , ca n’t do nothin ’ .
I ’ll just walk into the ocean and die if I lose my tone ”
– Miles
“ Playin ’ the guitar is like tellin ’ the truth .
You never have to worry about repeating the same lie if you told the truth .
You do n’t have to pretend or cover up .
If someone asks you again you do n’t have to think about it or worry about it .
It ’s you . ”
– B.B. King
“ If I can get out of the way , if I can be pure enough , if I can be selfless enough , and if I can be generous and loving and caring enough to abandon what I have in my own preconceived silly notions of what I think I am – and become truly who in fact I am , which is really just another child of God – then the music can really use me .
And therein lies my fulfillment .
That ’s when the music starts to happen . ”
– John Mclaughlin
“ We do n’t want any vocalist messing up the music . ” – John Scofield
“ The longer cats are in the city , the more they get gadgets to trip them out ” – Taj Mahal
“ My best songs come from making a lot of mistakes and playing a lot of garbage . ” – Eric Johnson
“ I do n’t play for the guitarists in the audience .
I play for the musicians . ” – Frank Gambale
“ I often discover that what sounds great at home sounds hideous in public . ” – Tuck Andress
“ If you want to challenge the system , do n’t go to bed with it . ” – Ani DiFranco
Thank you for enjoying the tuning so much … I hope you like the music more …
Ravi Shankar ( sitar ) Concert for Bangla Desh
From John Lennon :
Interviewer : “ When you sit down with Paul to write a song , how do you do it ” ?
Lennon : “ We do two things one after the other .
First we sit down , then we write a song ”
“ Rock and roll is taking those same old three chords and making them sound new again ” - I do n’t remember
“ Every once in awhile I ’ll call up Eddie ( Van Halen ) and ask , “ Found that fourth chord yet ” ?- BIlly Gibbons
“ I do n’t know shit from shinola .
Maybe that ’s why I ’m so original . ”
- Ace Frehley
“ We do n’t play slow and we do n’t play fast , we play half fast ” - Louis Armstrong
From a GP interview with Ry Cooder where he is discussing his use of open tunings when playing slide .
Interviewer : Ry , you know some people will use standard tuning while playing slide .
Ry : “ Really , , they do ?
Hmm , I do n’t think they should do that . ”
“ Elmore James only knew one lick , but you had the feeling that he meant it . ”
- Frank Zappa
“ Nobody f*****g upstages us ” Peter Townshend , after ramming the butt of his guitar into the back of Abbie Hoffmans head , when Hoffman ran on stage during the Who ’s set , and made a quick political announcement .
“ I told my parents that when I grew up I wanted to be a musician , they said it had to be one or the other . ”
“ The electric guitar was vital in helping what I ’ve achieved … where would I be without it ?
Playing awfully quietly , for a start . ” — Keith Richards
Hound Dog Taylor –
When i die they will say i played like shit … but it sure sounded good .
When asked by an interviewer , if he thought Ringo Starr was the best drummer in the world .
Paul McCartney replied , “ He ’s not even the best drummer in the Beatles… . ”
Waylon Jennings ,
If I ’d known I was gonna live this long I would have taken better care of myself .
Roger Miller when asked why he did n’t play all that fancy / complicated stuff way up the neck like all the other guitar players do .
Without missing a beat Roger says , “ All the moneys right down here ” and points to the 1st three frets .
From Chet :
“ It took me 20 years to learn I could n’t tune too well .
And by that time I was too rich to care . ”
“ Anyone who used more than three chords is just showing off . ” – Woodie Guthrie .
Brozman : “ If you ’re not living on the edge , you ’re taking up too much space . ”
“ When the band plays fast , you play slow ; when the band plays slow , you play fast . ”
– Miles Davis explaining soloing .
“ The music business is a cruel and shallow money trench , a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free , and good men die like dogs .
There ’s also a negative side . ”
- Hunter S. Thompson
” A good player can make any guitar sound good ” - Michael Bloomfield
When Jimi Hendrix played New Years
Eve with “ Band of Gypsys ” , he did two shows .
The first show , he did all his tricks .. behind the back , with his tongue , humping his axe , etc .
The place went nuts .
When he came off , he asked Bill Graham , the show ’s producer , what ’d he think ?
Graham replied , “ You did everything but play guitar , Jimi .
During an interview , Ravi Shankar was asked “ How is it that you are so more technically advanced than other players ? ”
Shankar replied matter - of - factly , “ Well ; it ’s my third lifetime playing the instrument . ”
“ Every time you pick up your guitar to play , play as if it ’s the last time . ”
Eric Clapton
Chet Atkins was in a Nashville studio warming up for a session with his Gretsch .
A young technician came into the studio and stood watching open - mouthed until Chet finished .
“ Gee , Mr Atkins , that guitar sure sounds fabulous ! ”
Chet placed the guitar on its stand , smiled at the tech and said , “ Well , son , how does it sound now ? ”
“ Without music to decorate it , time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid . ” – Frank Zappa
“ If you do n’t know the blues , … there ’s no point in picking up the guitar and playing rock and roll or any other form of popular music . ” – Keith Richards
Interviewer : Keith Richards was quoted as saying that you ( Taj Mahal ) are the whitest blues guitarist / musician he ’s ever heard …
Taj Mahal :
Well , he would know , would n’t he ?
“ Practice like the Devil . ” – Doc Watson
Segovia : “ The guitar is the easiest instrument to play , and the hardest to play well ” .
“ from the very beginning when i used to hear those solos on those old records i used to say , now here is an instrument that is capable of spewing forth true obscentity , you know ?
Iif ever there ’s an obscene noise to be made on an instrument , it ’s going to come out of a guitar …
Let ’s be realistic about this , the guitar can be the single most blasphemous device on the face of the earth .
That ’s why i like it ... The disgusting stink of a too loud electric guitar : now that ’s my idea of good time . ” - Frank Zappa ( The Guitar Hand Book )
“ … when I saw Jimi Hendrix I knew immediately that this guy was the real thing … and when he played it was like a rough sketch of what he was going to become … this guy was our generation , and he was n’t in a suit .. he played a Howlin ’ Wolf song ‘ Killing Floor ’ , and then we ( The Cream ) had to carry on the set .
It was pretty hard to follow … ” – Eric Clapton / Yardbirds / Cream / Blind Faith / Derek and the Dominoes
I ’ve always wanted the sound of Muddy Waters ’ early records – only louder – Eric Clapton
“ all of the great sounds that James Burton and Jimmy Bryant were getting , came out of Telecasters – Albert Lee
“ For so long we plowed different furrows … the greats … be it of country , rhythm & blues , rock ‘ n ’ roll … you know what they were doing ?
They were messing with your heart and soul .
That ’s what it was .
Nothing has the strength , the power of music ” – Sam Phillips
“… Albert Lee and I have become real close friends and he comes out anytime I ’m in the L.A. area and he ’ll sit in for the whole show ! … we ’ve got a habit of doing that … in Austin Redd Volkaert does the same thing … it ’s fun … I love to make it a guitar thing and the audience does n’t know any different – they think he ’s some new band member they do n’t know .
They do n’t realize Albert ’s the reason we all play Teles ! … ” – Brad Paisley
“ Sam Phillips always encouraged me to do it my way , to use what ever other influences I wanted , but never to copy … that was a great rare gift he gave me : believe in myself , right from the start of my recording career … if there had n’t been a Sam Phillips , I might still be working in a cotton field ” – Johnny Cash
Paul Simon ’s Grammy Award acceptance : “ I ’d like to thank Stevie Wonder for not making an album this year ”
Information is not knowledge
Knowledge is not wisdom
Wisdom is not truth
Truth is not beauty
Beauty is not love
Love is not music
Music is the best
- Frank Zappa
“ My vocation is more in composition really than anything else – building up harmonies using the guitar , orchestrating the guitar like an army , a guitar army . ”
– Jimmy Page
“ I do n’t separate writing songs from
poetry and short fiction .
In the
area where I work in my house ,
there ’s a word processor and a guitar . ”
Source : Steve Earle
“
I use heavy strings , tune low , play hard , and floor it .
Floor it .
That ’s technical talk .
”
— Stevie Ray Vaughan
Jimi Hendrix Quotes
“ All I ’m gonna do is just go on and do what I feel . ”
“ Blues is easy to play , but hard to feel . ”
“ Every city in the world always has a gang , a street gang or the so - called outcasts . ”
“ I have this one little saying , when things get too heavy just call me helium , the lightest known gas to man . ”
“ I just hate to be in one corner .
I hate to be put as only a guitar player , or either only as a songwriter , or only as a tap dancer .
I like to move around . ”
“ I try to use my music to move these people to act . ”
“ I was trying to do too many things at the same time , which is my nature .
But I was enjoying it and I still do enjoy it . ”
“ I wish they ’d had electric guitars in cotton fields back in the good old days .
A whole lot of things would ’ve been straightened out . ”
“ I ’m gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked . ”
“ I ’m the one that has to die when it ’s time for me to die , so let me live my life , the way I want to . ”
“ I ’ve been imitated so well I ’ve heard people copy my mistakes . ”
“ Imagination is the key to my lyrics .
The rest is painted with a little science fiction . ”
“ In order to change the world , you have to get your head together first . ”
“ It all has to come from inside , though , I guess . ”
“ It ’s funny how most people love the dead , once you ’re dead your made for life . ”
“ Knowledge speaks , but wisdom listens . ”
“ Music does n’t lie .
If there is something to be changed in this world , then it can only happen through music . ”
“ Music is a safe type of high .
It ’s more the way it was supposed to be .
That ’s where highness came , I guess , from anyway .
It ’s nothing but rhythm and motion . ”
“ Music is my religion . ”
“ Music makes me high on stage , and that ’s the truth .
It ’s like being almost addicted to music . ”
“ My goal is to be one with the music .
I just dedicate my whole life to this art . ”
“ Rock is so much fun .
That ’s what it ’s all about – filling up the chest cavities and empty kneecaps and elbows . ”
“ See , that ’s nothing but blues , that ’s all I ’m singing about .
It ’s today ’s blues . ”
“ Sometimes you want to give up the guitar , you ’ll hate the guitar .
But if you stick with it , you ’re gonna be rewarded . ”
“ The reflection of the world is blues , that ’s where that part of the music is at .
Then you got this other kind of music that ’s tryin ’ to come around . ”
“ The time I burned my guitar it was like a sacrifice .
You sacrifice the things you love .
I love my guitar . ”
“ When I die , I want people to play my music , go wild and freak out and do anything they want to do . ”
“ When I die , just keep playing the records .
On Rhythm Guitar :
“ You should n’t hear the guitar by itself .
It should be part of the whole …
You only notice the guitar when it ’s not there ” – Freddie Green
“ I ’m more interested in melodic things .
I think the biggest challenge when you go to play a solo is trying to invent a melody on the spot . ” – Frank Zappa
“ I practice all the scales .
Everyone should know lots of scales .
Actually , I feel there are only scales .
What is a chord , if not the notes of a scale hooked together ? ” – John McLaughlin
“ Learning to play the guitar is a combination of mental and motor skill acquisition .
And to develop motor skill , repetition is essential …
Whenever musicians have trouble executing a passage , they generally tend to blame themselves for not having enough talent .
Actually , all that ’s wrong is they do n’t know where their fingers are supposed to go …you should learn the piece in your head before you play it .
And when you do play it , play it so slow that there ’s no possibility of making a mistake . ”
– Howard Roberts
“ One thing I learned a long time ago was my fretboard in terms of all the scales in all the positions …
You have to learn it – there are no two ways about it .
I shift between positions so easily now that I really do n’t have to think about them much …
I would suggest starting your scale education with the major and minor scales and after that , diminished , augmented and whole tone .
Then depending on what kind of music you want to play , the modes should be learned .
My theory about this kind of thing is that you should learn it all .
Once you ’ve learned it you can play whatever you want to play and I think that your playing will be more advanced and you ’ll have a better understanding of the instrument . ”
– Al DiMeola
“ Technique is paramount to the beginner .
Only thoughtful , regular , and yes , joyful daily practice will enable the student of the guitar to develop mind muscles and spirit into a concord of execution and expression . ”
– Aaron Shearer
“ I ’ve always felt that blues , rock ‘ n ’ roll and country are just about a beat apart . ” - Waylon Jennings ( 1937-2002 )
“ If something is too hard to do , then it ’s not worth doing .
You just stick that guitar in the closet next to your shortwave radio , your karate outfit and your unicycle and we ’ll go inside and watch TV . ”
— Homer Simpson
“ I do n’t play a lot of fancy guitar .
I do n’t want to play it .
The kind of guitar I want to play is mean , mean licks . ”
— John Lee Hooker
“ I ’d think learning to play the guitar would be very confusing for sighted people . ”
— Doc Watson
“ I began to learn a lot of chords and rhythms .
It was a bit boring at the time but came in very handy later on . ”
— Alvin Lee
“ Discovering the guitar is like finding a new continent that exists within your fingertips . ”
— Will Hodgkinson in “ Guitar Man ”
“ When you play the guitar , you do n’t have to say nothing .
The girls would say something to you . ”
— Buddy Guy
“ To me a guitar is kind of like a woman .
You do n’t know why you like ’em but you do . ”
— Waylon Jennings
“ First guitars tend to be like first loves : ill - chosen , unsuitable , short - lived and unforgettable . ”
— Tim Brookes in “ Guitar : An American Life
“ “ The Telecaster has two sounds — a good one and a bad one . ”
— Jimi Hendrix
“ Beauty of style and harmony and grace and good rhythm depend on simplicity .
– Plato ( via Plato ( via ckck
“ Shredding , to me , is akin to having a incredibly overblown vocabulary at your disposal and saying very , very little ” - Johnny Marr ( link to article )
And this from late comedian Mitch Hedberg … .
“ I play the guitar .
I taught myself how to play the guitar , which was a bad decision … because I did n’t know how to play it , so I was a shitty teacher .
I would never have went to me ” .
Link Wray Quotes -
“ If I could go back in time and see any band , It would be Link Wray and the Raymen . ” – Neil Young “ Link Wray …
He was the beginning of Grunge , way before anybody you know . ” – Neil Young
“ He is the king , if it had n’t been for Link Wray and Rumble , I would have never picked up a guitar . ” – Pete Townshend “ Rumble is the best instrumental ever . ” – Bob Dylan “ Link Wray is the all - time legend . ” – Conan O’Brien , T.V. talk show host “ Link Wray and Gene Vincent … .
two of the greatest unknowns of rock ‘ n ’ roll . ” – John Lennon
“ Though rock historians always like to draw a nice , clean line between the distorted electric guitar work that fuels early blues records to the late 60s Hendrix - Clapton - Beck - Page - Townsend mob , with no stops in between , a quick spin of any of the sides Link recorded during his golden decade punches holes in the theory right quick .
If a direct line from a black blues musician crankin ’ up his amp and playing with a ton of violence and aggression can be traced to a young , white guy doing a mutated form of same , the line points straight to Link Wray , no contest .
Pete Townshend probably summed it up for more guitarists than he realized when he said , “ he is the king , had it not been for Link Wray and ‘ Rumble , I would have never picked up a guitar ” .
– Cub Koda “ Link Wray was the most volatile and sophisticated guitarist to emerge from the late 50s .
He was a powerful , inventive player , doing things with dynamics and rhythm that would later inspire Pete Townsend and Eric Clapton . ” – Greg Shaw , Rolling Stone Magazine “ Link Wray invented the vocabulary of modern electric guitarists . ” – answers.com ; excerpted from Davie Allan ’s page .
“ The Rumble Man . ” – Keith Moon , drummer The Who “ Father of the Power Chord . ” – James Sullivan , Rolling Stone.com
“ Link is a quiet man to meet - easy and courteous .
His music , though , betrays that deep inside he gets very very mean very often .
I remember being made very uneasy the first time I heard “ Rumble ” , and yet very excited by the guitar sound .
And his voice !
He sounds like a cross between Jagger and Van Morrison , even sometimes like Robbie Robertson .
We met him in New York in 1970 while recording “ Who ’s Next ” …. this later inspired the b-side “ Wasp Man ” , a tune we dedicated to Link Wray . ” – Pete Townshend “ Money do n’t rule me , record companies do n’t rule me . ” – Link Wray
Here ’s my band the Deadcats tribute to Link , from 1996s Bucket of Love CD http://www.vimeo.com/9468732
Rotterdam city council plans to extend its ban on low income families moving into certain parts of the city for a further 18 months at least , the NRC reports on Thursday .
‘ We are making progress , but the risks for current residents are still too great to allow everyone in , ’ council executive Hamit Karakus told councillors on Thursday afternoon .
The income limit has operated in four problem areas – Carnisse , Tarwewijk , Hillesluis and Oud-Charlois – since 2006 .
This means people who want to rent a house in one of the four neighbourhoods must either have a job , a pension or student grant .
The rule does not apply if people have already lived in the city for six years .
Rotterdam is the only city in the country to set income conditions for new residents .
Critics say it is a way of controlling the make - up of the population in the city which has a high proportion of low - skilled migrants .
Karakus also plans to extend the income limit to a fifth area , Bloemhof , where there is also a ‘ vulnerable balance ’ between the employed and jobless , the paper said .
Councillors will have to decide on the plan before the March 3 local elections and it must then be approved by housing minister Eberhard van der Laan .
But do n’t despair !
The page you are on has a search box , the most recent posts , and a list of post categories .
If you still ca n’t find what you are looking for or have spotted a broken link , please contact me .
If your children happened to be born since the year 2000 in developed countries , they will most likely live to be 100 , and they will be healthier than elderly people in previous generations , according to a recent article in the medical journal The Lancet .
The implications are enormous for everything from retirement planning and health care costs to new models for the workplace and innovative approaches to education .
As Olivia Mitchell , professor of insurance and risk management , states : “ This is a demographic revolution the likes of which we have never seen before on earth . ”
Add to this observation the fact that economists have trouble predicting what fourth quarter GDP will be , let alone a vision of the world several generations out , and it becomes clear that this latest research will pose unique challenges for governments around the world .
“ If people knew they would live to be 100 , they might want to organize their lives very differently , ” says James W. Vaupel , a co-author of The Lancet study and founding director of the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock , Germany .
“ It means we will need radical changes in public policy . ”
A Different Rhythm to Life
According to The Lancet researchers , the gain of about 30 years in life expectancy in Western Europe , the U.S. , Canada , Australia and New Zealand — and even more in Japan , Spain and Italy — “ stands out as one of the most important accomplishments of the 20th century . ”
Furthermore , most babies born since 2000 in these countries will “ celebrate their 100th birthdays if the present yearly growth in life expectancy continues through the 21st century . ”
The authors expect that it will : “ Continued progress in the longest living populations suggests that we are not close to a limit , and [ a ] further rise in life expectancy seems likely . ”
Given that individuals over the coming decade may routinely expect to work well into their 70s and 80s , what kind of environment can they look forward to ?
“ The good news is that the world of work is changing by itself ” in ways that will make it more receptive to older employees , says Peter Cappelli , director of Wharton ’s Center for Human Resources .
“ It ’s already easier to work at a distance , easier to telecommute … .
The physical demands [ of many jobs ] are falling , commitments are shorter - term , outsourcing of all kinds is on the rise and there is more contract work — all of which makes it simpler for people to come in and out of the workplace , at least in principle …..
The question is , to what extent will employers actually embrace older workers and incorporate more flexibility with respect to schedules , less supervision and more empowerment ? ”
One potential hang - up centers on the fact that older workers , as they stay on the job longer , are likely to be increasingly supervised by younger managers , says Cappelli .
In addition to harboring “ a kind of tacit discrimination against older employees , young people also have real concerns as to how they go about managing somebody who has more experience than they do .
That ’s a challenge not many people intuitively understand how to deal with . ”
Vaupel concurs , adding that as people work more years of their lives , but for fewer hours per week , the workplace will need to “ become friendlier and more accepting of older workers ” by , for example , accommodating their desires to work out of , or near , their homes , and by changing potentially hostile attitudes among younger workers toward older employees .
Several studies have shown that “ in some workplace environments , younger people try to force older people out .
That has to change , ” he says .
The authors of The Lancet article — titled “ Ageing Populations : The Challenges Ahead ” and led by Kaare Christensen , a professor at the Danish Ageing Research Centre at the University of Southern Denmark — suggest another potential change in both the employment landscape and people ’s lifestyles .
“ Improvements in health and functioning along with shifting of employment from jobs that need strength to jobs needing knowledge imply that a rising proportion of people in their 60s and 70s are capable of contributing to the economy .
Because many [ of these ] people would prefer part - time work to full - time work , a [ growth ] in jobs that need 15 , 20 or 25 hours of work a week seems likely . ”
And if elderly people increasingly choose to work part - time , then more opportunities for part - time work might open up for young people as well .
The 20th century , the article states , was “ a century of redistribution of income .
The 21st century could be a century of redistribution of work ” in which employment would be spread “ more evenly across populations and over the ages of life .
Individuals could combine work , education , leisure and child rearing in varying amounts at different ages . ”
Gabriele Doblhammer - Reiter , executive director of the Rostock Center for the Study of Demographic Change in Rostock , Germany , and a co-author of the article along with Christensen , Vaupel and colleague Ronald Rau , sees this potential redistribution of work as a positive outcome .
“ If older people work part - time , could young people work part - time as well ? ” she asks .
“ If that is possible , it would be wonderful because at the moment , the majority of working hours [ occur ] at times when we have so many other responsibilities , such as raising a family . ”
Wharton management professor Nancy Rothbard sees organizations allowing employees to reprioritize different aspects of their jobs at different times — perhaps concentrating on tasks or specialties that no longer require the same expertise that was needed earlier on — or perhaps going back to school and retooling .
It is especially important to keep up with the technology skills demanded in one ’s job or profession .
Older workers , she says , “ have a wealth of experience and breadth of knowledge that is impressive and can be extraordinarily valuable .
That has to be balanced with the need to remain current . ”
Predictions about the future of the workplace depend on the individual country .
“ The U.S. differs from Japan and Europe in that the U.S. still has a fairly young labor force , in part because of high birth rates and a large number of immigrants , ” says Vaupel .
“ But in Europe and Japan , there will be a real shortage of workers in the coming decades .
This means that companies will be trying to keep older people in the workforce and encourage retirees to come back .
Managers are already beginning to think about how to ensure some reeducation among older workers ” — just as younger people frequently receive on - the - job training to help them sharpen existing skills and acquire new ones .
Mitchell goes a step further .
“ The real challenge of living to be 100 will be to systematically weave financial literacy into elementary , middle and high school programs , ” she says .
“ We need to get people to think differently about investing in themselves , in their human capital .
Individuals will need to assemble a tool kit that will get them not only a first job or prepare them for a 20 - year career , but help them fashion several different 20 - year careers over a lifetime . ”
This will require a very different approach to education , she adds , one that will “ get people back to school periodically and teach them to keep learning , instead of just having knowledge frozen ” at one point in their lives .
Indeed , her biggest concern about the new mortality projections is “ the very difficult time that the average worker has understanding basic economics , much less longevity risk .
Life expectancy now is close to 80 , yet less than 20 % of the American population in their 50s has even tried to design a retirement plan .
If you add another 20 years on top of that , then people need to become much more [ knowledgeable ] about saving and investing for retirement . ”
Raising , or Eliminating , the Retirement Age
If people live to be 100 , how will that affect the retirement and health insurance systems set up to help individuals through the last decades of their lives ?
As it is now , different countries have different retirement policies .
In the U.S. , there is no mandatory retirement — with the exception of certain job categories such as commercial airline pilots , some judges and some top - level management — and , in fact , in most jobs it is illegal to force people to retire .
But numerous signposts act as “ de facto ” retirement inducers , says Mitchell .
For instance , under the U.S. Social Security system , the “ normal ” retirement age is defined as 65 ( eventually moving up to 67 ) .
The official use of the term “ normal ” was intended to mean the age at which someone could begin collecting unreduced benefits , but over time it became a reference age automatically associated with leaving work .
Another example of this is that the system currently allows one to claim benefits as young as age 62 ( though payments are reduced ) .
“ My concern is that by codifying age 62 as the age at which one can begin receiving Social Security , this age becomes a target .
In fact , the typical American claims benefits at age 62 , even though many would benefit substantially by delaying claiming . ”
In the next few years , Mitchell argues that “ retirement ages will have to rise quite substantially , to 70 or beyond , to finance the baby boom generation as it moves up through the age structure . ”
When Social Security was put in place in the 1930s , she says , “ life expectancy was a lot shorter .
In fact , we adopted our concept of the ‘ normal ’ retirement age from the German system which set the age of retirement at 65 because half the people never lived that long .
That was a true social insurance scheme ; it only covered those who outlived their life expectancy . ”
Over time , Mitchell notes , “ the U.S. transitioned from thinking about Social Security as a longevity insurance scheme , to using it as a transfer program that pays people not to work for 30 to 40 years .
As life expectancies rise , and fewer young people are available to pay taxes , it gets more and more expensive to sustain the scheme .
If we are to finance longer life spans , we will have to train smarter , work longer , save more for our own retirement , and restructure Social Security as the longevity insurance program it was intended to be . ”
Retirement , Mitchell adds , “ is n’t going to be as appealing for future generations , as it has been for our parents . ”
According to Kent Smetters , Wharton professor of insurance and risk management , the Social Security and Medicare trustees have already incorporated increases in longevity in planning for payments to senior citizens .
“ The big debate is over whether they are incorporating enough of an increase . ”
Longevity is an important variable , he says , because under current law , “ the retirement age is not automatically indexed to increases in longevity , ” meaning that a larger and larger fraction of the population is going to be in retirement if they continue to live longer without facing an increase in the retirement age .
“ Eventually , the normal retirement age will have to become more proportional with the growing length of life , maybe 70 or even 75 over time within a few decades .
That age might seem ridiculous to people now , but it probably wo n’t in 20 or 30 years .
People could still choose to retire at 62 , but their benefits would be greatly reduced , based on a normal retirement age of 70 or 75 . ”
He views the increase in people ’s life expectancy as “ a positive development provided that we as a nation can deal with the increasing strain on entitlement programs .
However , there will be some debate .
The 2001 Social Security Commission encountered public opposition from labor leaders and some employers to increasing the normal retirement age .
Still , when not on public record , almost everyone who testified agreed that it would eventually be necessary .
The math simply requires it . ”
As for Medicare , “ the longer people live , the more taxed the Medicare system will be , ” says Smetters , adding , however , that Medicare is more non-linear than Social Security , which is a cash benefit that keeps on paying .
With Medicare , a majority of a recipient ’s health care costs are concentrated in the last two or three years of life .
So “ pushing out that particular portion of spending into the future will save money in present value . ”
But another portion of money is also spent before the last few years of life : Increasing those years , therefore , increases spending .
“ The net effect will be to increase the Medicare costs , which is a big problem because Medicare shortfalls are already so huge and the program is already so underfunded .
The crisis for Medicare will come much sooner than the crisis facing Social Security . ”
Wharton health care management professor Mark V. Pauly concurs with the view that the extra years being added on to life expectancy are generally high quality ones , “ so much so that a person ’s present discounted value in Medicare spending does n’t really go up that much when we add increased life expectancy because most of the buildup in [ health care costs ] occurs in the last few years of life .
Everybody has those last few years ; they will just have them later . ”
This is not a guaranteed scenario , he adds , because health maintenance expenses incurred by people as they age might cause additional strains on the system that are hard to anticipate now .
Indeed , he says , “ Medicare is in such terrible shape that any problems posed by increased longevity are minor . ”
And it ’s not getting better , he adds , pointing to health care reform proposals from Congress and the Obama administration which he says are taking away money that should be used for Medicare .
“ There are ways to mitigate the Medicare disaster , but they have been hijacked by health care reform , ” he notes , citing one specific proposal to take money out of private Medicare plans to pay for health insurance for people under 65 .
“ We all have ideas of how to save Medicare , but our arsenal of relatively modest tools has been used to pay for health care reform . ”
The retirement picture is different in Europe , “ where we have very strict retirement ages , ” says Doblhammer - Reiter .
“ It is 65 , and in many countries , it will increase over the coming years to 67 .
But actually people now retire at the beginning of their 60s .
Nobody works until 65 , ” she notes , in part because older workers are more expensive and less flexible , which means that in times of high unemployment , they are laid off more often than other age groups .
In Europe , she adds , “ the countries with the highest life expectancies have the lowest retirement ages .
Italy is an example .
This is not sustainable ; the pension system ca n’t be funded if it is n’t changed .
There is no way out of either cutting the pension allowance or having people retire later . ”
What age should retirement be set at as we encounter generations living into their 100s ?
“ It depends on the occupation , ” Doblhammer - Reiter says , “ which means we probably need flexible retirement ages .
I am a professor .
In Italy , professors work until age 75 .
In Germany , there is a mandatory retirement age of 65 , although for my cohorts it will be 67 … .
Yet I ’m sure I could work until 70 or 75 . ”
A number of European countries are currently considering ending mandatory retirement based on age , Vaupel points out .
“ Denmark last year already [ did ] … .
And there is a move towards making pensions actually fair :
If you work more years of your life , you get a bigger pension .
People will have a choice about when to retire .
My guess is that many will elect to work longer . ”
More People Chasing Fewer Jobs ?
Although The Lancet study did n’t look at the developing world — in part because of the difficulty in getting consistent information on health and ageing issues — these countries are also experiencing increases in life expectancy .
In addition , China and India both have relatively young populations , suggesting that they will be available to buy the retirement assets of older investors in developed countries over the coming decades .
Meanwhile , if people are living longer and in better health , and if they are choosing to work later in life , will there be enough jobs to keep them employed ?
“ Nobody knows , ” says Mitchell .
“ What we can do is look at the handful of countries that have aged more quickly than the U.S. , like Japan and Singapore .
We know there is substantial pressure on employers to set up more flexible work arrangements so that people can job share .
In Japan , they have mandatory retirement — often at age 60 or 65 — but an employee might work up until a Friday , retire , then show up again on Monday at the same company in a new job earning half the pay .
So the whole compensation and job responsibility issues are renegotiated , and the employee ’s role in the company is quite different .
He may be a mentor or a consultant , which provides both the wisdom and continuity of knowledge that older workers typically have to offer .
But it also allows the next generation to come in and learn the ropes . ”
According to Wharton finance professor Andy Abel , three basic data points determine the number of working age people : first , births 20 years ago , which indicate how many 20 - year - olds there are in the workforce ; second , immigration , both legal and illegal , among all age groups ; and third , mortality rates . ”
Given that The Lancet study suggests a significant reduction in old - age mortality , will more people be working longer and chasing after fewer jobs ?
“ Not necessarily , ” says Abel .
“ Where macroeconomics comes in is that there are more people around and they are demanding more health care , more recreational facilities , and other types of goods and services .
So one should n’t think of there being a fixed number of jobs .
Overall demand for goods will go up , and that will help create an increasing demand for jobs .
The impact on compensation will depend on what goes up more : the supply of labor or the demand for labor . ”
Smetters sees two effects in terms of job growth .
“ As people live longer and if they can maintain their productivity , they will simply increase their working years .
If someday we are living to be 150 , we obviously wo n’t be retiring at 65 .
Second , it is true that if you have a lot of people competing for the same jobs , the jobs will be created simply because there is a potentially cheap and experienced workforce . ”
If there is indeed this bulge of people , it could also mean that the wages being paid will be lower .
“ But not everyone will be doing it for the money , ” he notes , adding that elderly people also rejoin the workforce in order to socialize and keep active .
Meanwhile , in Europe , unlike in the U.S. , there will be a decline in the labor force , “ which means there will be jobs available , ” says Doblhammer - Reiter .
“ Resources will have to be found .
Elderly people are one possible resource ; another one is women .
In many European countries , women do n’t work when they have families .
A third resource is immigrants .
But given the political discussion in European countries , I think it is less controversial ” for elderly workers and women to enter the work force rather than to open the door to higher immigration .
Vaupel also notes the differences between the U.S and other regions .
The birthrate in the U.S. has been much higher in the preceding decades than it has in Japan and Europe , he says , and the country has experienced a much greater influx of immigrants , along with “ not very much outmigration . ”
In addition , people who move to the U.S. tend to be of working age , which increases the labor pool , and they are often highly educated .
A More Holistic Approach to Health
The Lancet researchers also reviewed a number of studies focused on health trends among older populations — some negative , some positive , says Vaupel , although “ on balance , things are probably getting better . ”
On the positive side , for example , “ rapid progress is being made in reducing heart attacks and other cardiovascular illness , some progress is being made against cancer , although it ’s slow , and there are some indications we are beginning to understand Alzheimer ’s disease better , ” he says .
Doblhammer - Reiter also cites advances in medical technology and life style changes — being more active and cutting down on smoking — as positive directions .
What is not improving is the outlook for obesity and diabetes .
“ They seem to be deteriorating rather than improving over time , ” says Doblhammer - Reiter .
Indeed , note the researchers in the article , “ obesity is a widely discussed risk factor that threatens improvements in health [ and ] has been increasing in almost all populations … .
Obesity is related to various poor health outcomes , including raised risk of diabetes , arthritis and stroke . ”
Meanwhile , the number of diabetes cases is expected to more than double worldwide due to the ageing population , with the largest increase occurring among people 65 and older .
The study also looks at existing data on disability , mobility , hearing problems and other age - related conditions , but points out that “ little is known about trends in cognitive function and dementia ” — an area that Vaupel , among others , feels would benefit from significantly more research .
“ There is good evidence that we are living longer and healthier in terms of physical function , but the evidence is more mixed on cognitive function , ” he says .
Further studies are needed to find out “ what people can do to keep their cognitive functions going as they get older . ”
He also calls for an increase in geriatric medicine .
“ Today ’s system is organized around specialists — cancer , heart , brain , etc. — but older people , even relatively healthy ones , generally have several different problems .
As a public policy issue , there needs to be better coordination to make sure that individual doctors are not prescribing medicines that interfere with each other .
We need to start treating people holistically . ”
According to Mitchell , “ Economists like to say that health is another component of our human capital — the source of our strength and versatility in dealing with the future . ”
It ’s not about “ just being fit as a child or a young adult , but about making an investment in good health throughout your whole life so that you will be a fitter 100 - year - old as well . ”
Mitchell and others recently completed “ The Health and Retirement Study ” that looked , in part , at attitudes of people age 50 and older now , compared to those 50 and older 12 years ago .
“ We saw a big change between the two groups , in that today ’s baby boomers expect to have more complex careers in the second half of their lives .
Many of them think they will continue to work in some capacity , perhaps not in the same job , but consulting , possibly starting their own business — this was before the financial crisis — and doing more volunteer projects .
We can expect this trend to continue as people retire later and later in their lives . ”
By Mick Hall
January 6 , 2010 -- Organized Rage --
Despite all its shortcomings and some might say murky history , the Morning Star is about to celebrate its 80th year of publication .
Which in today 's economic climate would be an achievement for any newspaper , but this is especially so for a radical left of centre daily and must surely be something to celebrate .
That survived the collapse of one of its main benefactors the Soviet Union was a major feat in itself and has had unforeseen , yet beneficial consequences .
Having had the dead weight of Stalinism lifted from its editorial policy has proved liberating for the paper ; and during the recent period it has moved beyond being a mouthpiece for what had become a form of sclerotic international communism , with football results thrown in , and is gradually becoming the voice the UK left has so desperately needed .
As the wider left slowly begins to gain confidence in the paper , it has begun to publish writers from across a wide spectrum of the left , including activists from the non aliened left , Green Party , Labour left , the Socialist Workers Party , plus others .
All of whom in days gone by would have poked the Morning Star with a very long stick .
Having said all this there is still room for improvement , not lest because the paper is still run on a financial shoestring , which thanks to the Star 's dedicated workforce , makes every edition of the paper a minor miracle in itself .
However there is only one way for the Star to improve further , and that is to widen its readership base which in turn will hopefully bring in additional advertising revenue .
Perhaps it is time all trade unionists , environmentalists and leftists to give some thought to supporting the Morning Star in the most simplistic of ways , by buying a copy at their newsagent each day .
In the meantime Keith Flett , a writer who a decade or so ago would not have given house room to the Morning Star , in today 's issue puts into perspective the 80 years of the paper and its forerunner the Daily Worker .
* * *
There are histories of the Daily Worker and Morning Star , both positive accounts and those that focus on the more difficult periods the paper has had in the last eight decades .
No doubt there are still criticisms that can be made , but a look back at history shows how unique it is that an English - language paper of the left has lasted 80 years .
Left -wing and socialist papers in general have had very limited longevity since they first appeared in the 1830s with titles such as the Poor Man 's Guardian .
The world 's first great working - class paper , the Leeds - and then London - based Northern Star ran from 1838 to 1851 .
In its heyday it outsold the London Times -- some achievement given that many of its readers could not actually read but had the paper read to them .
The Northern Star was succeeded by The People 's Paper edited by Ernest Jones ( 1852 - 8 ) .
Another great Chartist paper , it failed through lack of funds and readers .
The Beehive from 1860 was a trade union paper that reported on the affairs of the First International but -- and here the pattern differs -- while it lasted , its ownership and character changed .
Another paper from the same era , The National Reformer , was the organ of British free thought and had strands of Owenite socialism and Chartism in it .
With the publication of Justice and the Commonweal in the 1880s the first avowedly Marxist journals in Britain had appeared , but they were not in any sense newspapers even if they were determinedly propagandist in nature .
The growth of independent labour politics and the left from the 1880s also saw a huge rise in the range of left - wing publications , not all of which were widely circulated or read .
By the period before World War I there certainly were influential left papers such as Blatchford 's Clarion and the Daily Herald .
The communist press came in part from this tradition of working - class journalism and partly from an understanding , taken directly from Lenin , about the need for revolutionary socialists to organise politically around a paper .
The first edition of the Daily Worker on January 1 , 1930 , came after a decade of weekly communist papers the Communist , the Workers ' Weekly and the Sunday Worker .
It was launched , in the tradition of left - wing papers , in less than auspicious circumstances .
There was little money and few trained journalists .
Looking at the various histories of the paper -- two by the first editor William Rust and one produced on the 50th anniversary in 1980 -- the well - known details of the distributors ' boycott , the attempts at repression around the Invergordon Mutiny , the ban after 1939 and the campaign to get limited government advertising in the 1970s are all covered .
The boycott followed a tactic used by the news trade since the days of the Chartists when it was known as " burking " a paper .
This meant making sure a publication was hard to get or unavailable and trying to kill it while not overtly censoring or banning it .
It is the incidental details that strike the historian .
The early workers on the paper , based on photos , appeared to consist very largely of middle - aged men in collar and tie , their visual respectability rather belying their revolutionary intent .
Indeed Rust noted that the Daily Worker offices were often under state surveillance and that " sometimes the spying was done by roughly dressed coppers of unshaven appearance " .
Fortunately beards are no longer seen as a sign of counter - revolution at the Morning Star .
But the big point is that through the efforts of staff and supporters the Morning Star has lasted for 80 years .
That makes it unique in the history of the British labour movement so far , although of course the debate will go on about its position on this or that issue .
So it should when it comes to something that has a history but is also of the moment rather than just a monument .
[ Sign up for the Morning Star 's email list at http://www.morningstaronline.co.uk/index.php/news/content/view/full/64394.]
Inspectors were trying to issue stop - work orders at Beit Arieh
The mayor of a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank has been arrested after protesters tried to stop Israeli authorities enforcing building curbs .
Avi Naim was apprehended on suspicion of disrupting police , who were trying to enter Beit Arieh to hand out orders to stop unauthorised construction work .
Israel 's government declared last week it would restrict residential building in the West Bank for 10 months .
But settlers vowed to defy the policy , which does not include East Jerusalem .
The Palestinian Authority has refused to resume peace talks with Israel unless it completely halts all settlement construction on occupied territory including East Jerusalem , where they want to locate the capital of their future state .
' Animals ' Wednesday 's arrest followed low - level confrontations between settlers and police - escorted building inspectors on Tuesday .
Settlers have vowed to ignore the building work suspension Beit Arieh residents said they had been trying to stop the inspectors entering the settlement .
Reports suggest that Mr Naim was treated by first - aiders following the incident after complaining of chest pains .
A guard from the settlement was injured during the protest and accused security forces of acting " like animals " , in an interview with Israeli media .
Protests and scuffles were also reported at other settlements in the West Bank .
The Israeli government has given teams from the civil administration in the West Bank the task of enforcing the restrictions .
More than 100 settlements have been inspected in the past few days .
' One - time decision '
Under the 10 - month building pause , Israel is halting the construction of new homes in West Bank settlements , but municipal buildings and about 3,000 homes already under construction will still be allowed to go ahead .
Last week the construction of 28 educational establishments was approved .
Mr Netanyahu had been under heavy pressure from the US to enforce a freeze , with the settlements issue becoming a major sticking point in attempts to resume peace negotiations .
He has described the moratorium as a temporary " one - time decision " saying that building would resume at the end of the period .
Nearly 500,000 Jews live in more than 100 settlements built on occupied territory in the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
Settlement building in the West Bank , including East Jerusalem , is illegal under international law - although Israel disputes this .
The Palestinians have refused to return to peace negotiations unless Israel completely ends all settlement activity .
They have said the 10 - month building - freeze does not go far enough , particularly because it does not apply to East Jerusalem .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This may sound like blasphemy to the Apple loyals , but Steve Wozniak happens to own a Google Nexus One , and is an early owner at that ( Woz got his on launch day ) .
He also happens to love it – a whole lot .
Wozniak also owns a Motorola Droid , as well as a pair of iPhones .
He ’s actually pronounced the Google Nexus One as his favorite , according to Gizmodo yesterday .
However , Woz evidently posted again , to re-explain what he meant .
Woz in a blog post comment :
“ ” I buy most of the significant gadgets that come out … I did not buy an Android right away but I did like the looks of the Motorola Droid so I bought it .
When you buy a gadget and it works without hours of figuring things out , it ’s a joy .
At different points in time you ’ll find me with different Blackberries and other phones .
At the time of this interview I carried 2 iPhones ( battery and multitasking fixed ) and the Droid on my belt .
And I do enjoy the Droid and it does my normal stuff fine , but it will take some time to find apps equal to some that are important on my iPhones .
When the Nexus One came out I put the Droid aside and shifted to checking out the Nexus One .
I ’m always on the watch for the latest hot gadgets .
When I do n’t like new gadgets , I keep my mouth shut .
It ’s better to focus on the good .
I ’m not the conflict type of person so I do n’t try to get into arguments you never win about which is better .
But if I only carried my iPhones , I would n’t have as good an idea of how others do with their alternate choices . ” ”
WASHINGTON  President Obama issued orders to send about 30,000 additional American troops to Afghanistan as he prepared to address the nation Tuesday night to explain what may be one of the most defining decisions of his presidency .
Mr. Obama conveyed his decision to military leaders late Sunday afternoon during a meeting in the Oval Office and then spent Monday phoning foreign counterparts , including the leaders of Britain , France and Russia .
Robert Gibbs , the White House press secretary , declined to say how many additional troops would be deployed , but senior administration officials previously have said that about 30,000 will go in coming months , bringing the total American force to about 100,000 .
On top of previous reinforcements already sent this year , the troop buildup will nearly triple the American military presence in Afghanistan that Mr. Obama inherited when he took office and represents a high - stakes gamble by a new commander in chief that he can turn around an eight - year - old war that his own generals fear is getting away from the United States .
So there was no ticking time bomb .
No urgent need ever arose to torture anybody who was withholding crucial details , so that civilisation as we know it could be saved in the nick of time .
No wires had to be tapped , special prisons erected or international accords violated .
No innocent people had to be grabbed off the street in their home country , transported across the globe and waterboarded .
Drones , daisy - cutters , invasions , occupations were , it has transpired , not necessary .
Indeed , when it actually came down to it , to forestall a near - calamitous terrorist atrocity in the US the authorities did n't even have to go in search of information or informants .
The alleged terrorist 's father came to the US embassy in Nigeria of his own free will and warned them that his son , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , had disappeared and could be in the company of Yemeni terrorists .
Meanwhile the National Security Agency had heard that al - Qaida in Yemen was planning to use an unnamed Nigerian in an attack on the US .
If that were not enough , then came Abdulmutallab himself , a 23 - year - old Nigerian bound for Detroit who bought his ticket in cash , checked in no bags and left no contact information .
For seven years the American state manipulated the public with its multicoloured terror alerts .
But when all the warning lights were flashing red , it did nothing .
To brand this near miss a " systemic failure " , as Barack Obama has done , is both true and inadequate .
It reduces the moral vacuity , political malevolence and enduring strategic recklessness that has been the enduring response to the 9/11 attacks to a question of managerial competence .
" Terror is first of all the terror of the next attack , " explains Arjun Appadurai in Fear of Small Numbers .
During the Bush years that terror was routinely leveraged for the purposes of social control , military mobilisation and electoral advantage .
Meanwhile , the administrative processes that might prevent the next attack were tragically lacking .
In short , Bush 's anti-terror strategy was not about protecting people but about scaring them .
To galvanise the nation for war abroad and sedate it for repression at home , the previous administration constructed a terror threat that was ubiquitous in character , apocalyptic in scale and imminent in nature .
Only then could they counterpose human rights against security as though they were not only contradictory but mutually exclusive .
Al - Qaida was only too happy to oblige .
In such a state of perpetual crisis both terrorists and reactionaries thrive .
Terrorists successfully create a climate of fear ; governments successfully exploit that fear to extend their own powers .
" I 'm absolutely convinced that the threat we face now , the idea of a terrorist in the middle of one of our cities with a nuclear weapon , is very real and that we have to use extraordinary measures to deal with it , " said former vice - president Dick Cheney .
The trouble is that even by their own shabby standards , none of these " extraordinary measures " have ever worked .
No new laws were necessary to stop 9/11 .
If the immigration services , the FBI and the CIA had been doing their jobs properly , the attacks could have been prevented .
Nonetheless , in the immediate aftermath of 9/11 the US government undertook the " preventative detention " of about 5,000 men on the basis of their birthplace and later sought a further 19,000 " voluntary interviews " .
Over the next year , more than 170,000 men from 24 predominantly Muslim countries and North Korea were fingerprinted and interviewed in a programme of " special registration " .
None of these produced a single terrorism conviction .
This set the pattern for the years to come : wiretapping , rendition , torture , secrecy .
Those who otherwise rail against the inefficiency of government argued for more extensive , intrusive state power even as it produced little in the way of results .
When confronted with this lamentable record , their only defence was the threat of the next attack .
" The next time , the smoking gun could be a mushroom cloud " said Condoleezza Rice , adding .
" They only have to be right once .
We have to be right every time . "
Over the last week even once in a while would have looked good .
There are precious few partisan points to be made here .
Responsibility for Abdulmutallab lies with Obama .
He has been in power longer than Bush was when he received the FBI memo entitled " Bin Laden determined to attack inside the US " .
The Bush administration may have been more alarmist and belligerent , but , despite his more emollient tone , Obama has kept most of the repressive apparatus that Bush constructed intact .
Obama has expressed his support for trying Guantánamo prisoners under military commissions , while his CIA chief has expressed his desire to keep extraordinary rendition .
Meanwhile , photographs of torture and documents describing videos of these " enhanced interrogations " remain under lock and key .
" Leon Panetta has been captured by the people who were the ideological drivers for the interrogation program in the first place , " a former CIA officer told the Washington Post .
Casting the escalation of the Afghanistan war as a central front in the war on terror is a potent illustration of how this delusion has continued .
Al - Qaida is now more likely to be found in Pakistan , an American ally , than in Afghanistan and the latest threat came via Yemen .
Terrorism is a strategy , not a place – attempts to carpet - bomb it or occupy it or conquer it will inevitably fail .
Given the nature of terrorism another attack can be predicted with grim certainty .
Before 9/11 there was Oklahoma City and before that there was the World Trade Centre .
In a nation where the shooting of innocents in schools , colleges , churches and coffee shops is relatively commonplace , it goes without saying that one disturbed individual , with a lethal weapon and with or without an agenda , can inflict a substantial amount of human carnage .
If they are working in a team and well resourced , the damage could be huge .
All the state can reasonably expect to do is limit the odds .
The US has actually done the opposite .
Thanks to war and torture it has swelled the number of people who might want to do it harm .
Much has been made of Abdulmutallab 's radicalisation in London .
But there had to be something to radicalise him with .
In Abu Ghraib , Haditha , Fallujah and elsewhere , the US has provided plenty of material .
Meanwhile the institutional stasis within the agencies that are supposed to combat terrorism means that when a potential terrorist actually does rear their head they appear on every radar and yet somehow , all too often , go undetected .
So instead of reducing the odds politicians instead invoke them .
" If there 's a 1 % chance that Pakistani scientists are helping al - Qaida build or develop a nuclear weapon , " Cheney once said , " we have to treat it as a certainty in terms of our response .
It 's not about our analysis ... It 's about our response " .
But it 's precisely because their analysis has been so deeply flawed that their response has been so faulty .
Until things improve there is a much higher chance that America 's anti-terror efforts will repeat themselves : first as farce and then as human tragedy .
Judge Gwen Warwick becomes involved in the murder trial she has been assigned .
Her marriage is on the rocks and the murder victim is an old friend , who rumour has it , had an affair with her .
Please select your country : United States Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Canada Chile China Colombia Croatia Cyprus Czechia Czechoslovakia ( 1945 -1992 ) Denmark Dominican Republic East Germany ( 1949 -1990 ) Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Ireland Israel Italy Japan Kuwait Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Malaysia Malta Mexico The Netherlands New Zealand North Korea North Macedonia Norway Oman Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Serbia Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Vietnam U.S.S.R. ( 1922-1991 ) Yugoslavia ( 1945 -1992 ) Africa » Cameroon Africa » South Africa Worldwide Other
Not an American user ?
Description
Screenshots
Promo Images
Part of the Following Groups
User Reviews
Critic Reviews
Forums
Jean - Luc Picard , captain of the Federation starship USS Enterprise - D , is on a mission to encounter an ultimate threat to the known galaxy .
The game starts with a Federation outpost detecting an unknown ship approaching Federation space ; the Enterprise is sent to deal with this new situation .
The mystery ship appears to be a small scout - ship from Garid that has lost power to its engines and as a result has sailed off of its intended course .
Suddenly , a Romulan Warbird battleship from Garid uncloaks itself right between the protagonist and the new ship , and thus a new story begins .
is a hybrid game with adventure and strategy segments .
Whilst on the ship the player can use the tactical console to engage in occasional battles against enemy , repair damaged systems , and select teams for away missions .
These missions constitute the larger portion of the game , and are played like a traditional point - and - click adventure , including item manipulation and puzzle - solving .
Dialogues may vary depending on the crew members previously selected by the player .
There are currently no topics for this game .
Trivia
Related Web Sites
Hints for A Final Unity ( Question and answer format to help you solve the game . )
A Final Unity was originally slated for a March , 1993 release .
Its release date was delayed for two years due to an unexpected merger with MicroProse .
Jane Goodall , grey in complexion but resplendent in a red shawl , is sitting on the sofa in a dimly lit room in west London .
The scientist - turned - environmentalist has just arrived from Bournemouth , had a rotten journey , has a hacking cough , but accepts it all stoically , rejecting the suggestion that the heating be turned up .
She is here with her talisman , a stuffed monkey called Mr H , given to her by the blind magician Gary Haun ( " the Amazing Haundini " ) , who thought it was a chimp .
Goodall , who has a childlike quality , sees a metaphorical significance in a blind magician who is able to pull the wool over the eyes of the sighted .
The letter H , standing for Hope , also attracts her .
The world seems to divide into people who are besotted with Goodall and people who have barely heard of her .
She is more prominent in the US , where the Jane Goodall Institute ( JGI ) is headquartered , than in the UK , despite being born here in 1934 and , after half a lifetime spent documenting the lives of chimpanzees in the Gombe Stream National Park overlooking Lake Tanganyika in the far west of Tanzania , now living with her sister Judy in their old family home in Bournemouth .
Our meeting takes place at a flat in Notting Hill that belongs to Mary Lewis , a JGI employee with a cut - glass English accent who appears to run Goodall 's life as if it were a military operation .
The trigger is a book Goodall has written with two fellow environmentalists : a collection of stories of survival called Hope for Animals and Their World , the written - by - committee feel of which must of course be forgiven because of its subject matter .
Even I , an intermittent eco-worrier , was moved by the battle to save the California condor , and I feel doubly guilty for criticising the book because at the end of the interview she insists on signing it for me : " For Stephen .
­Together we can make this a better world for all .
Thank you for helping . "
Can is underlined , all is both underlined and capitalised .
These days , in her mid-70s , Goodall is more shaman than scientist .
She has set aside a planned companion volume to her seminal study The Chimpanzees of Gombe , and instead tours the world preaching the need for sustainability , harmony and respect for the natural world ( this makes me worry about the size of her carbon footprint ) .
It was in 1986 that , at a conference on chimps , she realised the extent of the crisis affecting them across Africa and determined , overnight it seems , on a life as an environmental evangelist .
One journalist who has followed her career likens her to a " peripatetic Mother Teresa " , and it's a good description : she combines stateliness with a kind of holiness , her religion a predominantly green one .
The message of her new book , with its stories about black - footed ferrets , American crocodiles and whooping cranes , is surprisingly upbeat .
" My job seems to have increasingly become giving people hope , so that instead of doing nothing and sinking into depression , they take action , " she tells me .
" It 's very clear to me that unless we get a critical mass of people involved in trying to create a better world for our great - grandchildren , we 'd better stop having children altogether . "
Goodall has chosen to focus on the heroes fighting – and occasionally winning – individual battles , in the hope of attracting others to participate in a war she does not yet accept is lost .
" I 've seen areas totally despoiled that have been brought back to life .
Animals that were almost gone have , with captive breeding or protection in the wild , been given another chance .
If we stop now , everything 's going to go .
So we have to keep on doing our best for as long as we can , and if we 're going to die , let 's die fighting . "
The apocalypse is conjured up in a croaky and curiously detached monotone .
Do governments understand the scale of the crisis ?
Goodall argues that many are still in hock to " dark forces " – vested interests such as the fossil fuel industry and agribusiness .
Politicians , she says , should stop parroting the myth of limitless expansion .
" Unlimited economic growth on a planet of finite resources is not possible ; it does n't make sense .
I thought this financial ­crisis would help people realise that , but it seems very much like , ' Oh , let 's get back to business as usual . ' "
Much of her evangelising is directed at the young .
Her institute – set up to protect chimps and their habitats ­almost 10 years before that Damascene moment in 1986 – has a dynamic youth wing called Roots and Shoots , which started in 1991 when 16 young Tanzanians met on the porch of her home in Dar es Salaam to discuss environmental issues affecting their lives .
Twenty years later , there are groups in 114 countries , with hundreds of thousands of youngsters involved in community projects .
After a slow start , it has taken off in the UK in the past couple of years , with 700 groups now participating .
But apart from the HQ in Arlington , Virginia , which has 20 - plus staff , most of the JGIs that coordinate these projects are shoestring operations , and the institute has been hit hard by the credit crunch .
" We 're in a financial hole in the US because of the downturn , " Goodall admits .
" Money that should have come in has been cut . "
The organisation had just held a meeting in Belgium to discuss how to dig itself out , and one priority is to recruit an executive director .
Is that recognition of a time when someone will need to take over from her ?
" Of course , " Goodall says .
" It will probably be a collection of four people taking over from me . "
Despite the holiness , she is not guilty of false modesty .
The institute today is not just concerned with her beloved chimps .
" To me , it was obvious to grow from wild chimps to saving their forest to seeing about their conditions in captivity to working with local people and kids , " she says .
" You can kill yourself saving forests and chimps , but if new generations are n't going to be better stewards there 's no point .
That 's why I 'm so ­passionate about Roots and Shoots . "
Until the 1986 conference , she had assumed she would spend her life studying chimps .
" It was wonderful out in the forest collecting data and ­analysing it , giving a few lectures , writing books . "
In her 1999 book , Reason For Hope : A Spiritual Journey , she says that as a Bible - reading teenager , she " fantasised about becoming a martyr " .
In a way she has achieved that ambition , sacrificing the paradise of Gombe for a succession of airport lounges .
When I ask if she is still a Christian , she gives a somewhat ­ambiguous ­answer .
" I suppose so ; I was raised as a Christian . "
She says she sees no contradiction between evolution and a belief in God .
Nor does she blame the Bible and the idea in Genesis that man has dominion over plants and animals for our exploitation of the natural world ( she says " dominion " is a mistranslation ; what is meant is " stewardship " ) .
These might seem academic points , but perhaps they are a key to understanding her transition from scientist to eco-evangelist – and the resonance of her message in the more spiritually aware US .
" I realised that my experience in the forest , my understanding of the chimpanzees , had given me a new perspective , " she writes in Reason for Hope .
" I was ­utterly convinced there was a great ­spiritual power that we call God , Allah or Brahma , although I knew , equally ­certainly , that my finite mind could never comprehend its form or nature . "
This year is significant for Goodall and her institute , marking 50 years since she began studying chimps at Gombe .
As well as the new book , there will be a BBC documentary in the spring and a German - made film , Jane 's Journey , to be premiered at Cannes , in which Angelina Jolie has a walk - on part .
It is indeed a remarkable journey , from a middle - class home in Bournemouth to secretarial work in London and then , thanks to the patronage of paleontologist Louis Leakey , to Gombe and beyond .
" I loved animals as a child , read the Tarzan books , and decided at the age of 11 that I would go to Africa , live with animals and write books about them , " she says .
" Everybody laughed at me except my amazing mother , who said , ' If you work hard and really want something and never give up , you will find a way . ' "
In 1957 , after earning the money for the boat fare by working as a waitress and a secretary , Goodall went on an extended visit to a schoolfriend in Kenya .
Someone suggested she get in touch with Leakey , a formidable figure who was then curator of the Coryndon museum of natural history in Nairobi .
He barked at her down the telephone when she called on spec , but she kept her nerve , got an appointment to see him , was given an admin job and , in 1960 , was given the chance to move to Gombe to start collecting data on chimps .
Leakey also despatched Dian Fossey to Rwanda to study gorillas and Birute Galdikas to Borneo to observe orangutans ; the three women were patronisingly known as Leakey 's angels or Leakey 's trimates , but each made significant contributions to primatology .
What did Leakey see in Goodall that made him choose her for Gombe ?
" I think he was amazed that a young girl straight out from England with no university degree knew so much , " she says .
" I 'd spent hours in the Natural History Museum in London , and could answer most of his questions . "
Goodall had planned to spend only a year in Africa but was there more than 30 .
She still has a home in Dar es Salaam , and makes the long trek to ­Gombe when she can .
She learned her science in the field , but Leakey was keen for her to get academic training and , in the mid-60s , she did a PhD at Cambridge in ethology , the study of animal behaviour .
She needed the qualification to counter critics who attacked her approach as unscientific and anthropomorphic – she gave the chimps she studied names , and prided herself on getting to know them as individuals .
" I was told at Cambridge I should n't have named the chimps and that they should have had numbers , " she says .
" I was n't allowed to talk about them having personalities , and certainly not about them thinking or having ­emotions .
But then I thought back to my childhood teacher who taught me that this was n't true – my dog . "
The scale of Goodall 's observational data eventually silenced her critics .
She was the first scientist to observe an animal , her favourite chimp David Greybeard , not just using a tool ( a stem of grass poked into a termites ' nest to dig out the insects ) but fashioning it for that purpose .
When she telegraphed a report of what she had seen to Leakey , he replied : " Ah !
Now we must redefine man , redefine tool , or accept chimpanzees as human . "
We have n't quite accepted chimps as human , but the work showed that the distance from one to the other was far less than previously thought .
In his introduction to a revised edition of Goodall 's most famous book ,
In the Shadow of Man , the biologist Stephen Jay Gould called her work " one of the western world 's great scientific achievements " .
In 1964 , she married the Dutch - born wildlife photographer Hugo van Lawick , and their son ( also called Hugo , but known as Grub ) was born three years later .
In her books there are several sweet pictures of Grub growing up at Gombe , but the relationship of mother and son has not always been smooth .
At one point he was engaged in commercial fishing , of which she as a committed vegetarian disapproved , but is now developing an eco- tourist project in Tanzania and they are getting on much better .
Goodall and Van Lawick divorced in 1974 and she married Derek Bryceson , director of national parks in Tanzania , who died of cancer in 1980 .
Is she one of those naturalists , as Fossey supposedly was in her dark ­final years , who prefers animals to ­people ?
" I 'm not one of those people who says let me go and live with chimps for ever or dogs for ever , " she says .
" I certainly prefer a lot of animals to a lot of people , but then I prefer some people to some animals too . "
And does she miss the chimps ?
" All the chimps I knew so well have gone now , " she says sadly .
" Fifi , the last of the real old - timers , died four years ago .
It 's not the same as it was . "
But she still enjoys returning to Gombe .
" When I get up on to my peak where I sat for so long , I can get back into the skin I had and remember just what it felt like – the excitement of never quite knowing what you 'd see and what you 'd find . "
• Hope for Animals and Their World is published by Icon Books .
To order a copy for £ 17.99 with free UK p&p go to theguardian.com / bookshop or call 0330 333 6846 .
For more information see janegoodallhopeforanimals.com or janegoodall.org.uk
Recently a user on the Bing community forums asked why his new site was taking so long to be indexed by Redmond 's search engine , to which a Microsoft employee replied that the slowness was an unfortunately expected behavior .
User prathaban1 wanted to know why www.kidandparent.in, which he submitted to the Webmaster Console using a sitemap.xml almost six weeks ago ( and Bing calculates has about 14 backlinks ) was not getting any love from Microsoft .
He said he managed to get the homepage indexed with the help of a Brett Yount , Program Manager of the Bing Webmaster Center , but that was nothing compared to what Google and Yahoo had done : they indexed almost 400 and 200 pages , respectively .
In just four minutes ( if only Bing indexed that quickly )
Yount had posted his reply .
The response was n't good news .
" It is well known in the industry that MSN bot is fairly slow , " he wrote .
" I suggest reading our FAQs stickied at the top of the indexing forum to get some ideas of what to do . "
The instructions Yount is referring to are outlined in a forum topic titled Sites not in the index :
[ I ] f your site is not in the index , please do the following : verify in our tools that your site is not blocked run a site : query to verify there are no pages in the index Copy the URL of the site query and post on this thread .
I will work with you to at least get your home page indexed .
Deeper indexing will require good content and backlinks as described in the FAQ .
Scanning through the thread , it appears that Yount is spending a lot of time telling users what they are doing wrong that results in Bing indexing their site incompletely or not at all .
In other cases though , he is contacting the Bing indexing team so that they can figure out what is going on wrong on their end .
At the time of writing , the thread had 858 replies with the first one posted on November 11 , 2009 .
MSN search , Live Search , and now Bing have all suffered from a very small index that is updated very slowly .
One of the biggest problems Microsoft has with Bing is a basic one .
While Bing has a lot of great features , it continues to struggle with the same issue previous incarnations of the service have .
The actual index size , and the corresponding relevant results that come with those searches for the less popular queries , pales in comparison to what Google and Yahoo offer .
We asked Microsoft how it was planning improve Bing 's indexing problem .
" We 're always working to improve the crawler , " a Microsoft spokesperson told Ars .
" With our latest crawler release still in beta , we doubled our crawling capacity worldwide .
We increased our sitemap URL size to 50 K and we made it easier for webmasters to control the crawler 's aggressiveness . "
The trouble is that the competition is n't waiting for Bing to catch up : their indexes are growing at rapid rates as well .
Naturally , as the Internet continues to expand , so does the number of sites they index .
" But we know we have to continue to build a system which better reflects the changing state of the Web , " the Microsoft spokesperson continued .
" We introduced the ability to crawl and surface fresh results in minutes last year which enables us to more aggressively index fast - changing domains ( like news sites ) and crawling itself is n't the answer to the new Web landscape . "
That 's where Microsoft 's new strategy with Bing ( compared to MSN search and Live search ) comes in : it has become well aware that it does not have the resources available to take Google head - on .
As such , the company is prettying up how Bing displays search results , focusing on social networking , and improving areas it thinks users are most interested in when they search , such as health and auto .
" For things like Visual Search and Twitter Search , we work with data providers to get high - quality , structured data that do n't have to go through the computationally complex and never - 100 % - accurate process of mining pages for meaning , " the Microsoft spokesperson told Ars .
" As we work toward augmenting our decision engine with more tools to help customers actually get things done on the Web , the need for a new notion of crawling and indexing arises .
While we 're continually focused on how to improve freshness , speed , politeness and intelligence of what has to be crawled or crawled again , we have significant investments in semantic , structured , and real - time indexing that are required to do more than just return URLs for keywords . "
To sum up , Microsoft wants to continue to improve in the areas that webmasters expect from a standard search crawler , while at the same time broadening how Bing collects and presents information from across the Web 's constantly changing data .
Microsoft 's strategy may be spot on for slowly gaining marketshare , but it wo n't last if webmasters who want to care about Bing are getting frustrated .
They are n't interested in waiting around till Microsoft improves the MSNBot to a point where it notices their websites automatically , and the solution Microsoft currently offers is flawed .
Microsoft hopes that the new Search Engine Optimization Toolkit it posted this week that works with Google , Yahoo , and Bing will help .
Green Party councillor Mark Dearey has been appointed to the Seanad to replace as Déirdre de Búrca .
Taoiseach Brian Cowen formally announced the appointment this afternoon .
Ms de Búrca ’s resignation from the Upper House 10 days ago left a vacancy for a Taoiseach ’s nominee .
Mr Dearey ( 46 ) is a businessman , vintner , and music promoter from Dundalk , Co Louth .
A member of the Green Party , he has been a member of Louth County Council since June 2009 and Dundalk Town Council since 2004 .
He contested the 2007 general election unsuccessfully .
Crater left by an Israeli strike on what Palestinian describes as a metal workshop
Three people , including a 14 - year - old - boy , have been killed in Israeli air strikes overnight in the Gaza Strip , Palestinian medics say .
The Israeli military said it was responding to mortar and rocket attacks on Thursday on Israel from Gaza .
It said it attacked two tunnels on the border with Egypt , a tunnel to be used by militants for crossing into Israel and a weapons making site .
The strikes hit targets Gaza City , Khan Younis and Rafah .
The militant group Hamas , which controls Gaza , said an Israeli jet had also bombed a building in Gaza City .
On Thursday , Israeli planes dropped thousands of leaflets over the Gaza Strip warning residents to steer clear of the border after Palestinian militants fired mortar rounds into Israel .
Gaza militants have fired more than 280 rockets or mortars at Israel since the end of a devastating offensive against the territory on January 18 , according to the Israeli military .
Palestinian groups and human right organisations say about about 1,400 Palestinians died during the offensive .
Thirteen Israelis also died in the fighting .
Microsoft is proving that the old adage " If you can't beat them , join them " still holds true .
Earlier this month , the company agreed to add a new software license option for U.S. customers called " Rental Rights " that , in a nutshell , allows companies to purchase Windows and Office licenses like never before .
More than a few companies have expressed their desire to act as a " middle man " in renting or leasing Microsoft software to their customers .
An Internet cafe , for example , would be interested in a deal with Microsoft .
In failing to strike a compromise in the past , these companies have resorted to running pirated versions of Windows and Office .
Rental Rights allows firms to now obtain Microsoft software in a more affordable and the honest way .
Rental Rights a Waiver of Licensing Restrictions
" Rental Rights are a simple way for organizations to get a waiver of these licensing restrictions through a one - time license transaction valid for the term of the underlying software license or life of the PC , " Microsoft says on its website .
( Source : microsoft.com )
Kevin Baylor , managing partner at Suncoast Business Technologies in Florida is welcoming the change with open arms .
Said Baylor , " This will help cut down on illegal software , and makes our jobs as consultants easier . "
Combating Piracy at the Source
April 2009 saw the debut of Rental Rights in eight different countries including : Brazil , Hong Kong , India , Japan , Korea , People 's Republic of China , Russia , and Thailand .
Not surprisingly , the list consisted of nations where software piracy was running wild .
( Source : crn.com )
Paul DeGroot , an analyst with Directions on Microsoft weighed in on the foreign affairs of Microsoft , stating " Microsoft has faced a quandary when it comes to fighting piracy in these regions because its efforts to enforce the rules risked angering small businesses and driving them to open source alternatives . "
All News Positive on the Home Front
Back on the domestic front , the reaction to Rental Rights is altogether positive .
" We often criticize Microsoft for its overly complex software licensing , but this is the upside of that process , " noted Dave Sobel , CEO of Evolve Technologies , a Fairfax , Va. - based Gold partner .
" They 're constantly looking for new ways to cover licensing scenarios that people want , and this is one example . "
( Source : crn.com )
Rental Rights will be made available to customers with Open License , Select License and Select Plus volume licensing agreements .
Rental Rights are good for the duration of the underlying software agreement or the life of the PC .
( Newser ) – Mental health charities are blasting UK Radio DJ Steve Penk for playing Van Halen ’s “ Jump ” for a suicidal woman police were trying to talk off a bridge .
The woman had caused traffic on the four - lane bridge to come to a dead halt , and one frustrated driver called Penk to suggest the song .
Penk cheerfully complied .
The woman did indeed jump moments later , though she suffered only minor injuries .
Still , one mental health charity said it was “ in very poor taste , ” worried that the woman would hear the song from a car stereo below .
Another group said it “ shows a lack of compassion . ”
But Penk was unrepentant .
“ If , as has been suggested , the woman jumped because she heard the song from a passing car radio that 's unfortunate , ” he said .
“ But I do n’t regret it for a minute . ” ( Read more Steve Penk stories . )
TOKYO ( MarketWatch ) -- Japan Inc. got an endorsement from a seemingly unlikely character Monday , when one of the investment world 's so - called ' Dr. Dooms ' had positive words for the Japanese stock market .
" Here , there is an investment opportunity , " said Marc Faber , the publisher of the " Gloom , Boom & Doom " report , who called Japan a " neglected market . "
" Valuations are not terribly expensive , " Faber said in a speech to the CLSA Japan Forum in Tokyo .
Faber did not elaborate on Japan in his speech , and did not take questions from the media .
The slide presentation that accompanied his speech described Japan as " the perfect contrarian play , " and simply added , " Banks ! "
Faber 's own Web site proclaims him as being " well known for his ' contrarian ' investment approach , " and the rest of his speech was true to the world view for which he is known .
Faber criticized the U.S. Federal Reserve 's policy of slashing interest rates to spur the economy , saying that low rates only create new bubbles and boost " consumption at the expense of capital formation . "
" It is very difficult to value anything when interest rates are zero , " he said .
But in his concluding comments , Faber said that U.S. stocks are now " probably where they should be , given the zero interest rates . "
In keeping with his " doom " theme , Faber 's presentation also touched upon the possibility of a coming apocalyptic crisis , and how to best prepare for it .
" I'm a believer that the next war will be a dirty war , " he said , using strategies such as poisoned water supplies and mobile - phone sabotage .
" If you want to prepare for war times , you have to own physical commodities , " such as precious metals , diamonds and houses in the countryside , away from dangerous urban areas , he said .
Faber also recommended that investors buy agricultural commodities , such as wheat .
Investors will need to rethink their global asset allocation , he said in his conclusion on investment themes -- and should have at least half of their assets exposed to emerging economies in the future .
Asian healthcare was one of his specific recommendations , as markets are n't saturated and companies will benefit from growing and aging populations , he said .
' Final crisis '
A clutch of other economists -- including Nouriel Roubini -- have also been called " Dr. Doom , " for their contrarian views .
" The original Dr. Doom was Henry Kaufman , " Faber said , referring to the former Salomon Brothers Inc. executive , who also served as an economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Kaufman earned his nickname because of his forecasts for Salomon in the 1980s calling for falling bond prices .
When it comes to his own predictions , Faber seems to revel in his doom - mongering moniker .
Some of the concluding slides in his presentation said he is still recommends long positions in gold and silver , and short positions in U.S. Treasury bonds .
" Sovereign defaults are likely to soar in the next few years , " one of his slides said , adding , " The final crisis has yet to come ! "
We were worried that naming Joe Francis Gawker 's Douche of the Decade might go to the drunk - girls - with - low - self - esteem kingpin 's head .
Would he simply rest on his laurels and give up the pursuit of douche perfection ?
Luckily , Francis has not failed us .
Last night , Francis emailed a nastygram ( with a prize inside ! ) to our vacationing overlord Nick Denton , myself , three attorneys ( Cyrus J. Nownejad , Brad Brian , David P. Schack ) , and for good measure two media contacts : Mike Waters , the news manager at TMZ , and Richard Johnson , the editor of the New York Post 's Page Six .
Francis is threatening to file lawsuit today over his Douche of the Decade award , claiming that he 's lost a $ 10 million contract because we used the word " rapist " in the bio accompanying the prize .
( Last week , when Francis ' company lawyer Terry Yeom wrote his own letter , this mysterious lost bit of business only amounted to $ 4 million . )
Here 's the missive in full :
It falls to Gawker Media 's legal honcho Gaby Darbyshire to handle complaints like these .
In her reply to Yeom , she pointed out that there are about 140,000 Google search results for " joe francis rapist , " including his Wikipedia page .
And the old Defamer post we linked to last week is based on a 2006 Los Angeles Times profile of Francis by Claire Hoffman in which an 18 - year - old girl gives an on the record account of Francis having sex with her on the Girls Gone Wild bus despite her repeatedly saying no .
The whole thing is really worth a read .
As Gaby wrote , " frankly , let 's face it — given his chosen career and his actions to date , it would be hard to say that your client really has any reputation of social probity and standing to damage at this point , now does he ? "
We 're sorry that Gaby had to take time during her Christmas break to deal with this .
But we are relieved that Francis has n't let success temper what got him to the top of the douche heap .
Shine on , you big beautiful oozing boil of a human being !
Update : Okay , fine .
After some consideration , we 're sorry for calling you a " rapist " since you are more accurately " an alleged rapist . "
After all , we 've never seen you doing the raping , only read about it .
The Universe 's infant galaxies enjoyed rapid growth spurts forming stars like our sun at a rate of up to 50 stars a year , according to scientists at Durham University .
The findings show that " stellar nurseries " within the first galaxies gave birth to stars at a much more rapid rate than previously expected , the researchers from Durham 's Institute for Computational Cosmology revealed .
The research looked back 12.5 billion years to one of the most distant known galaxies , about one billion years after the Big Bang .
Using a technique called gravitational lensing – where distant galaxies are magnified using the gravity of a nearby galaxy cluster – the scientists observed the rapid bursts of star formation in the galaxy called MS1358arc .
Within the star - forming regions , new stars were being created at a rate of about 50 stars per year - around 100 times faster than had been previously thought .
The researchers , who say their work represents the most detailed study of a galaxy at such a young age , believe the observed galaxy is typical of others in the early Universe .
They say the galaxy , which measures 6,000 light years across , also has all the characteristics that would allow it to eventually evolve into a galaxy such as our Milky Way , giving an insight into how our sun and galaxy formed .
This is a Hubble Space Telescope observation showing the red ' arc ' of the rapid star forming galaxy MS1358arc -- seen as it was 12.5 billion years ago .
The galaxy is magnified by a factor of 10 by the younger foreground galaxies .
( Photo Credit : Dr Johan Richard , Durham University . )
The Durham researchers based their findings on observations from the Gemini North telescope , based in Hawaii , and NASA 's Hubble and Spitzer Space Telescopes .
The research appears in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society .
The research was funded by the Royal Astronomical Society .
Lead author Dr Mark Swinbank , in the Institute for Computational Cosmology , at Durham University , said : " The runaway effect in this galaxy suggests it is growing much faster than expected .
" Given the size of the star forming regions , we would expect it to be forming stars at the rate of about one sun per year , but it seems to be much more active than that .
" We think this galaxy is fairly typical of galaxies at this time and we expect that the Milky Way once looked like this as it formed its first stars .
" In effect we are seeing the first generation of stars being born in a galaxy like the Milky Way .
This gives unique insight into the birth of our own galaxy . "
The researchers say most of the observed stars eventually exploded as supernovae , spewing debris back into space where it formed into new stars
Dr Swinbank added : " In this respect these stars are the seeds of future star formation in the Universe . "
Royal Astronomical Society President Professor Andy Fabian said : " It is exciting to see such a detailed picture of a very distant galaxy .
" This pioneering work shows what our own galaxy might have looked like when it was a tenth of its present age . "
Source : Durham University
For the women of the Mandel - Mel Women 's Union in Gbarma , Gbarpolu County in the northern part of Liberia , agriculture production is gradually taking on a new face as micro-finance schemes boost farming projects generating thousands of dollars in revenue .
Established in April this year , the 25 member local women 's Union was the first organization to benefit from micro-loans given by the Village Savings and Loan Association ( VSLA ) .
Since then , the women have cultivated 24 acres of land for pineapples , cassava and eddoes , with hopes of introducing other crops as production expands .
The project which began with an initial micro-loan of $ 7,200 , jointly funded by the United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) and the United Nations Capital Development Fund ( UNCDF ) through the VSLA , has so far accumulated $ 162,955.00 in revolving funds .
Delighted at the success of the Union 's pineapple project , President Ellen Johnson - Sirleaf , accompanied by United States Ambassador to Liberia , Linda Thomas - Greenfield visited the farm site to encourage the women and to thank them for their hard work .
She also commended UNDP and UNCDF for their support to women 's empowerment and poverty reduction in Liberia .
The micro-finance scheme managed by the Village Savings and Loan Association is just one of the many ongoing small loan initiatives in various parts of the country .
Although not every case turns out as successful a story as the Mandel - Mel women 's pineapple project , so far , micro-loans have helped secure sustainable access to financial services and improve the livelihoods of many low - income people of Liberia .
The Wall Street bank JP Morgan Chase has reignited a political furore over City pay packets by disclosing that it will hand out $ 9.3 bn ( £ 5.73 bn ) to its investment banking staff around the world despite facing a likely hit of " several hundred million dollars " from Britain 's special tax on bankers ' bonuses .
JP Morgan 's 24,654 investment bankers , including nearly 5,000 employees in London , will get an average of $ 379,000 each after the financial services group surfed a wave of recovery in global markets to notch up year - end profits of $ 11.7bn , more than double its earnings of $ 5.6 bn during crisis - stricken 2008 .
The bank 's bonuses are lower than analysts had anticipated .
In an apparent response to political and public concern , JP Morgan is shifting some of its payouts from cash into shares .
In the final quarter of the year , the proportion of revenue allocated to remuneration fell from a typical figure of 40 % to just 11 % .
JP Morgan 's finance director said the compensation total was reduced by a need to " offset British tax on bonuses " - the first admission that banks are responding to Alistair Darling 's bonus tax .
But JP Morgan 's payout still attracted swift condemnation .
Brendan Barber , general secretary of the TUC , renewed calls for a global tax on financial transactions and said : " These obscene bonuses paid so soon after the world 's taxpayers had to rescue the banking system show that there is something fundamentally wrong in the relationship between banking and the rest of society . "
Depressed by ongoing losses on bad loans made by its recession - battered high street banking chain in the US , JP Morgan 's profits were at the low end of Wall Street forecasts .
Chief executive Jamie Dimon admitted he was disappointed with the firm 's rate of recovery : " Though these results showed improvement , we acknowledge that they fell short of both an adequate return on capital and the firm 's earnings potential . "
The numbers were revealed just 24 hours after president Barack Obama attacked banks for reverting to " risky bets " for quick rewards and set out plans for a levy on financial institutions to recoup US taxpayers ' money spent on bailouts .
Striking a defiant tone , JP Morgan 's chief executive , Jamie Dimon , criticised the White House for singling out banks :
" We generally agree with the concept that the industry should pay for its own clean - up .
But the Tarp [ bailout ] got extended to a lot of things beyond banks - insurance companies , car companies - and I do n't understand why we should pay for that . "
Dimon 's overtures to Darling
In Britain , chancellor Alistair Darling intends to impose a 50 % supertax on bankers ' bonuses of more than £ 25,000 per person .
Dimon has made representations over the tax to Darling , pointing out to the chancellor that JP Morgan is a major investor in London and received no state aid from British taxpayers .
JP Morgan is due to decide later this year whether to press ahead with a planned new £ 1.5 bn European headquarters office block at Canary Wharf and the tax is expected to be a factor in this decision .
Speaking on a conference call with analysts , Dimon said he expected Britain 's tax to cost " several hundred million dollars " although the precise figure will depend on the detailed wording of legislation that will determine exactly how many of JP Morgan 's staff will be affected .
The bank intends to share the impact of the tax , bearing part of the cost itself and passing on part of it to its individual bankers .
Considered one of America 's most financially robust banks , JP Morgan 's sprawling financial services empire employs a total of 222,000 people globally and topped $ 100 bn in revenue last year .
The firm was one of the few Wall Street institutions to emerge from the financial crisis in a healthy state - it never reported a quarterly loss and it bought the remnants of two victims of the credit crunch , Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual .
Although JP Morgan received $ 25bn in bailout funds from the US Treasury , it was among the first to repay the money , returning it in June .
The collapse of weaker players , together with a vigorous stock market recovery , has turned surviving banks ' trading floors more lucrative than ever .
But the spectre of bankers pocketing near record bonuses has infuriated members of the public who are still experiencing rising unemployment , failures in the high street and severe austerity .
Another US bank , Citigroup , reportedly intends to cap cash bonuses at $ 100,000 , with any additional rewards in shares maturing over a period of years .
" People looking at it from the outside look at the dollars and say they are high , " said Kenneth Raskin , the head of law firm White & Case 's executive compensation practice in New York .
" There is no question the dollars are high .
The question is whether they were deserving . "
OK ... i would n't recommend licking your horse .
I have no idea why he tastes like raisins , guess they just do , as long as hes eating , getting an oppurtunity to graze and has fresh water he should be fine .
Take care of your horse they are wonderful animals .
I suggest you dont lick it but hey its your horse .
Much of the criticism has been contemptuous and hysterical .
Various experts have gathered bits of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab ’s biography .
Since they can string the facts together to accurately predict the past , they thunder , the intelligence services should have been able to connect the dots to predict the future .
Dick Cheney argues that the error was caused by some ideological choice .
Arlen Specter screams for more technology  full - body examining devices .
“ We thought that had been remedied , ” said Senator Kit Bond , as if omniscience could be accomplished with legislation .
Many people seem to be in the middle of a religious crisis of faith .
All the gods they believe in  technology , technocracy , centralized government control  have failed them in this instance .
In a mature nation , President Obama could go on TV and say , “ Listen , we ’re doing the best we can , but some terrorists are bound to get through . ”
But this is apparently a country that must be spoken to in childish ways .
The original line out of the White House was that the system worked .
Do n’t worry , little Johnny .
When that did n’t work the official line went to the other extreme .
“ I consider that totally unacceptable , ” Obama said .
I ’m really mad , Johnny .
But do n’t worry , I ’ll make it all better .
Meanwhile , the Transportation Security Administration has to be seen doing something , so it added another layer to its stage play , “ Security Theater ”  more baggage regulations , more in - flight restrictions .
At some point , it ’s worth pointing out that it was n’t the centralized system that stopped terrorism in this instance .
As with the shoe bomber , as with the plane that went down in Shanksville , Pa. , it was decentralized citizen action .
The plot was foiled by nonexpert civilians who had the advantage of the concrete information right in front of them  and the spirit to take the initiative .
For better or worse , over the past 50 years we have concentrated authority in centralized agencies and reduced the role of decentralized citizen action .
We ’ve done this in many spheres of life .
Maybe that ’s wise , maybe it ’s not .
But we should n’t imagine that these centralized institutions are going to work perfectly or even well most of the time .
It would be nice if we reacted to their inevitable failures not with rabid denunciation and cynicism , but with a little resiliency , an awareness that human systems fail and bad things will happen and we do n’t have to lose our heads every time they do .
Today ’s Guardian features an editorial bemoaning the rise of camera phones , and specifically their users — a generation of happy snappers mindlessly capturing every moment of their lives rather than actually experiencing them .
This may well be true ( as the endless stream of party pics from my Facebook friends would suggest ) , but it ’s a small price to pay for the convenience and empowerment that you get with a connected camera in your pocket .
There ’s an old adage that the best camera is the one you have with you .
I personally own both a standalone point & shoot plus a digital SLR with three additional lenses , and I have n’t used either since last spring .
Furthermore , during a recent once - in - a - lifetime trip to Southeast Asia the only camera I had with me was this Nokia N86 8MP .
Not only did it take fantastic photos and video , but I could instantly share them online with friends and family .
At this point I would n’t even consider purchasing a camera that did n’t have some kind of wireless Internet connection built in .
Last year Internet users saw the first images of a US Airways emergency landing in New York City ’s Hudson River come from a mobile device via Twitter .
And perhaps more importantly , images and video of the ongoing protests in Iran have been made publicly available through uploads from mobile phones , despite the media lockdown in that country .
This is where the true power of the camera phone lies as an equalizing , democratizing weapon — especially as local authorities like those in the UK move to record every angle of public space with cameras of their own .
There is continuing friction there between the rights of citizen photographers vs. the rights of police , and it ’s an important fight .
If there is going to be a Big Brother , is n’t it better to have many of them than just the one ?
And is n’t that worth the minor annoyance of a camera phone momentarily blocking your view ?
The big three that need to forgive Haiti ’s debt
Today , the Paris Club — an informal group of finance officials from the 19 richest nations , who push for low - income country debt restructuring and relief — officially called for the cancellation of Haiti ’s debt .
Earthquake aside , such a prominent call for debt relief for the Caribbean nation is overdue .
Haiti is a very poor country .
It is also a very indebted one , part of a legacy extending back to the 1820s .
Then , France required the former slave colony to pay something like $ 20 billion in today ’s dollars for its freedom .
The country has struggled ever since , with former dictator Jean - Claude Duvalier raiding the country ’s accounts and amplifying what it owes .
The debt hurts Haiti , horribly .
As of last year , Haiti was paying $ 50 million a year just to service its debt , not even to pay down the principal .
It owed hundreds of millions — more than a quarter of its GDP .
Last summer , two groups moved to cancel Haiti ’s debts given improved governance and economic growth under President Rene Preval .
In June , an International Monetary Fund program , the Highly Indebted Poor Countries ( HIPC ) initiative , announced the forgiveness of $ 1.2 billion of Haiti ’s $ 1.9 billion in debt .
A month later , the Paris Club followed suit , cancelling $ 214 million further , with Canada , Belgium , Denmark , France , Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Spain , Britain , and the United States forgiving what Haiti owed them .
That still left the country — which has a GDP per capita of around $ 1,300 , the same as Bangladesh — more than $ 700 million in the red .
Experts have estimated that the earthquake — which killed an estimated 50,000 and leveled the population , government , and business center of Port - au - Prince — has wiped away at least 15 percent of Haiti ’s GDP .
France , under Finance Minister Christine Lagarde , who heads the Paris Club , has led the push for other governments and entities to make Haiti debt - free .
This means speeding up the cancellation of Haiti ’s debts , a process which can take years even when countries and banks have committed to clearing the books .
More importantly , it means convincing Haiti ’s main creditors — the Inter - American Development Bank ( IADB ) and the governments of Taiwan and Venezuela — to forgive it .
Haiti owes Venezuela around $ 167 million and Taiwan $ 91 million .
Ma Ying - jeou , the president of Taiwan , today signaled that the country will forgive the debt .
" I have already asked the foreign ministry to conduct the necessary reviews to help Haiti to pass through this difficult time , " he said .
Thus far , President Hugo Chavez has not addressed the question .
The IADB forgave $ 511 million in debt last year , still leaving Haiti owing it more than $ 440 million .
The bank this week approved $ 128 million in grants — and the board of governors is convening to discuss further debt cancellations .
A man ripped his friend ’s testicles off in a drunken rage when his victim failed to respond to his fondling .
Hans O. ( 45 ) appeared in room 117 of Dusseldorf district court with the public prosecutor accusing the 120 - kg man of committing sexual abuse and grievous bodily harm .
The incomprehensible incident took place on September 2 last year .
Hans and his buddy Alexander J. met in the afternoon in the centre of Neuss , a town near Dusseldorf .
They drank beer deep into the night .
Hans O. got completely drunk , and then suddenly overwhelmingly horny …
He unbuttoned the trousers of his friend who was sleeping on the couch , and messed around with his genitals .
When the fondling failed to provoke any physical response from Alexander , Hans became furious …
The prosecutor said : “ He twisted the scrotum repeatedly until it broke .
Then he took the testicles and hurled them from the window . ”
Despite his life - threatening injuries , Alexander O. returned the two kilometres to his home where his mother called an ambulance .
Police later found the testicles on the roof where they lay in the snow guard .
The prosecutor wants Hans O. to be taken into psychiatric accommodation .
The accused himself declined to comment : “ I ’m saying nothing else . ”
The trial continues on January 13 .
More news
Arctic winter weather has paralysed Europe , with schools shut and flights cancelled .
Stop greedy EU officials who earn up to € 22 k a month , with many paying just € 48 in tax , and who still want more !
Celestial Hierarchy
Celestial Hierarchy : to understand about the celestial hierarchy it is important to know exactly what an angel is .
Briefly it can be described as : a spiritual being that is believed to be much more powerful than a human .
In Christian , Muslim , Jewish and other theologies an angel can be one who acts as a messenger , attendant or agent of God .
Regarding the celestial hierarchy , the majority of scholars believe that angels are divided into clearly defined ranks .
Depending on the rank of the angel it will have separate honors and duties .
One of the most well known listings of the celestial hierarchy , or ranking of angels , is the one produced by the scholar Dionysius the Areopagite .
This listing has a total of nine distinct orders of angels which in turn fall under three major headings known as choirs .
Although it is common to find variations within all aspects of angology most listings contain the same ranks and the only difference is in the order that they are presented .
First Choir Second Choir Third Choir 1 ) . Seraphim 4 ) . Dominations 7 ) . Principalities 2 ) . Cherubim 5 ) . Virtues 8 ) .
Archangels 3 ) . Thrones 6 ) . Powers 9 ) .
Angels
The Celestial Hierarchy Explained :
Seraphim : these are the angels that come first and are closest to the throne of God .
They exist in the uppermost part of the hierarchy and their very name means ardor .
They are said to encircle the throne , existing off the love emanated by God and unceasingly chant the Trisagion , " Holy , holy , holy ... " .
This burning love keeps them ever close to God 's Throne and they bear love and light to the lesser choirs of angels .
It is also this fiery love which gives them the term ' fiery serpents ' .
" In this form of fiery serpents , it is said that the light they give off is so intense , that not even other divine beings may look upon them .
There is said to be four of these angelic beings .
They are listed as the four holy beasts in the book of Revelation and are also described as angels with four faces and six wings . "
Quote from Dionysius the Areopagite text :
" The name Seraphim clearly indicates their ceaseless and eternal revolution about Divine Principles , their heat and keenness , the exuberance of their intense , perpetual , tireless activity , and their elevative and energetic assimilation of those below , kindling them and firing them to their own heat , and wholly purifying them by a burning and all - consuming flame ; and by the unhidden , unquenchable , changeless , radiant and enlightening power , dispelling and destroying the shadows of darkness . "
Cherubim : are second to only the seraphim and their name signifies " fullness of knowledge " .
Characterised by a deep insight into God 's secrets , the cherubim hold the knowledge of God and they truly possess the fullness of the divine science of heaven .
" It is also they who are often sent to earth with the greatest of tasks ; the expulsion of Man from the Garden of Eden and the Annunciation of Christ were both performed by cherubim " .
They enlighten the lesser choirs of angels and are to them the Voice of Divine Wisdom .
" They are described as the charioteers of God , steering the Ophanim .
Contrary to paintings on greeting cards and new age book covers , the cherubim are not depicted as fat , winged babies .
Instead they are described as sphinx like creatures in Assyrian lore , or the angels gracing the Ark of the Covenant and Solomon 's temple in biblical terms . "
Quote from Dionysius the Areopagite text :
" The name Cherubim denotes their power of knowing and beholding God , their receptivity to the highest Gift of Light , their contemplation of the Beauty of the Godhead in Its First Manifestation , and that they are filled by participation in Divine Wisdom , and bounteously outpour to those below them from their own fount of wisdom . "
Thrones : form the last choir of the first ' hierarchy which is the closest to the Divine Majesty .
They are also known as the Ophanim .
The primary function of these angles is to be God 's chariot but they are also noted as meting out God 's judgement .
Their main characteristics are submission and peace , however they act with impartialness and humility to bring about the desires of the Lord .
" Having the most bizarre physical appearance of the celestial host , they are described a great wheels , covered with a great many eyes and glowing with light .
One explanation given for this ( besides them acting as God 's chariot ) , is that they mark the end of the first Choir , where the emanations of God begin to take on more material forms and as such exist in a state of transition . "
God 's spirit is conveyed in a certain manner to these angels , who in turn pass on the message to men and the inferior angels .
Quote from Dionysius the Areopagite text :
" The name of the most glorious and exalted Thrones denotes that which is exempt from and untainted by any base and earthly thing , and the supermundane ascent up the steep .
For these have no part in that which is lowest , but dwell in fullest power , immovably and perfectly established in the Most High , and receive the Divine Immanence above all passion and matter , and manifest God , being attentively open to divine participations . "
Dominations : are so called because " they rule over all the angelic orders charged with the execution of the commands of the Great Monarch . "
They are also known as the Hashmallim , whose purpose is to regulate the duties of the lower angels .
They act as a form of middle management between the upper choir and the lower .
Receiving their orders from the seraphim and cherubim these bright spirits make known to us the commands of God and ensure the cosmos remains in order .
Their main virtue is zeal for the maintenance of the King 's authority .
Only on very rare occasions do they reveal themselves to mortals , instead they quietly concern themselves with the details of existence .
Quote from Dionysius the Areopagite text :
" The name given to the holy Dominions signifies , I think , a certain unbounded elevation to that which is above , freedom from all that is of the earth , and from all inward inclination to the bondage of discord , a liberal superiority to harsh tyranny , an exemptness from degrading servility and from all that is low : for they are untouched by any inconsistency .
They are true Lords , perpetually aspiring to true lordship , and to the Source of lordship , and they providentially fashion themselves and those below them , as far as possible , into the likeness of true lordship .
They do not turn towards vain shadows , but wholly give themselves to that true Authority , forever one with the Godlike Source of lordship . "
Virtues : also known as the Malakim and the Tarshishim , carry out the orders issued by the Dominations , they also have two main tasks ; to maintain the aspects of the natural world , and to bestow blessings upon the material world .
They are attributed with having strength and their assistance should be sought to combat the enemies of salvation .
Their primary duty is to : " preside over the movements of the celestial bodies as well as events of weather including rain , snow , wind and the like " .
Their secondary duty is to : " take the orders given to them and in turn convert them into miracles for God 's favored " .
Bouden states that : " It is through them also that God governs the seasons , the visible heavens and the elements in general , although angels of the lower hierarchy have charge of them . "
Quote from Dionysius the Areopagite text :
" The name of the holy Virtues signifies a certain powerful and unshakable virility welling forth into all their Godlike energies ; not being weak and feeble for any reception of the divine Illuminations granted to it ; mounting upwards in fullness of power to an assimilation with God ; never falling away from the Divine Life through its own weakness , but ascending unwaveringly to the superessential Virtue which is the Source of virtue : fashioning itself , as far as it may , in virtue ; perfectly turned towards the Source of virtue , and flowing forth providentially to those below it , abundantly filling them with virtue . "
Powers : are believed to be " the favorites among mortals "
They hold one of the most dangerous tasks , maintaining the border between Heaven and Earth .
Constantly on guard for demonic attacks , the powers act like an elite guard .
They are appointed in a special way to fight against the evil spirits and to defeat any wicked plans .
" When we see storms gathering either in the Church or in the State , machinations to resist those who are working for the glory of God , extraordinary conspiracies to defeat some great good which is being planned for some diocese , city or country , then it is that we ought to perform frequent devotions in honor of these Powers of heaven , that they may overturn and destroy all the might and miserable plotting of hell . "
( Boudon ) .
During heavenly warfare they are a major line of defense .
" They are also tasked with guarding the celestial byways between the two realms and ensuring that souls which leave the mortal world reach heaven safely .
Perhaps not surpassingly , given their proximity to the nether regions , there are more angels from the ranks of the powers listed as fallen than from any other member of the hierarchy . "
Quote from Dionysius the Areopagite text :
" The name of the holy Powers , co-equal with the Divine Dominions and Virtues , signifies an orderly and unconfined order in the divine receptions , and the regulation of intellectual and supermundane power which never debases its authority by tyrannical force , but is irresistibly urged onward in due order to the Divine .
It beneficently leads those below it , as far as possible , to the Supreme Power which is the Source of Power , which it manifests after the manner of Angels in the wellordered ranks of its own authoritative power . "
Principalities : are the head of the final choir and preside over the third hierarchy .
They guide and protect the world 's nations , towns and cities , directly watch over the mortal world and are executive in regard to the visible world of men .
Religion and of politics are also guarded by them and , " as such , they are assumed to be given more freedom to act than the lesser angels below them and are responsible for carrying out divine acts concerning their area of jurisdiction .
Finally , they are given to the task of managing the duties of the angels . "
St. Thomas says of them :
" The execution of the angelic ministrations consists in announcing divine things .
Now , in the execution of any action there are beginners and leaders ; this - the leadership - belongs to the Principalities . "
Quote from Dionysius the Areopagite text : " The name of the Celestial Principalities signifies their Godlike princeliness and authoritativeness in an Order which is holy and most fitting to the princely Powers , and that they are wholly turned towards the Prince of Princes , and lead others in princely fashion , and that they are formed , as far as possible , in the likeness of the Source of Principality , and reveal Its superessential order by the good Order of the princely Powers . "
Archangels : are normally described as important or special angels .
However , here the term is used as the second to last rank in the celestial hierarchy .
Archangels are entrusted with the more important missions to men .
They act as the leaders in the divine army during battle and protect the Church under the leadership of St. Michael .
They serve as guardians of guardians of great personages , such as the Holy Father , Cardinals , Bishops , Rulers of States , this includes others with special work to do for the glory of God upon earth .
Finally they are charged with overseeing the duties of the angels .
The confusion about the collective celestial rank of archangels and archangels arises from " the ancient Hebraic way of defining angels which was simple angel and archangel .
It was not until later that the hierarchy was defined , and many of the angels previous named as simply archangels were given new posts . "
Quote from Dionysius the Areopagite text : " The choir of the holy Archangels is placed in the same threefold Order as the Celestial Principalities ; for , as has been said , there is one Hierarchy and Order which includes these and the Angels .
But since each Hierarchy has first , middle and last ranks , the holy Order of Archangels , through its middle position , participates in the two extremes , being joined with the most .holy Principalities and with the holy Angels . "
Angels : bring to a close the last choir in the hierarchy and they are ever ready to go wherever the will of God sends them .
They have two major tasks :
Firstly they are the ordinary messengers sent to men to watch over mortals in a more direct manner than the principalities .
They tend to mirror the goodness of God and direct it toward mortals .
They help to protect and keep safe from demonic attack ; households and individual souls , instead of entire nations .
Secondly they carry God 's word to mankind and act as messengers and couriers to both God and the upper ranks of angelkind .
With a true sense of values , they minister to all , this ranges from sinners to the good and just .
" In Hebrew , they are called mal 'akh , meaning " messenger " , in Persian the word is angaros or " courier " .
Above all they realise that serving God in any capacity is a very great honour .
Quote from Dionysius the Areopagite text : " For the Angels , as we have said , fill up and complete the lowest choir of all the Hierarchies of the Celestial Intelligences since they are the last of the Celestial Beings possessing the angelic nature .
And they , indeed , are more properly named Angels by us than are those of a higher rank because their choir is more directly in contact With manifested and mundane things .
The highest Order , as we have said , being in the foremost place near the Hidden One , must be regarded as hierarchically ordering in a bidden manner the second Order ; and the second Order of Dominions , Virtues and Powers , leads the Principalities , Archangels and Angels more manifestly , indeed , than the first Hierarchy , but in a more hidden manner than the Order below it ; and the revealing Order of the Principalities , Archangels and Angels presides one through the other over the human hierarchies so that their elevation and turning to God and their communion and union with Him may be in order ; and moreover , that the procession from God , beneficently granted to all the Hierarchies , and visiting them all in common , may be with the most holy order .
Accordingly the Word of God has given our hierarchy into the care of Angels , for Michael is called Lord of the people of Judah , and other Angels are assigned to other peoples .
For the Most High established the boundaries of the nations according to the number of the Angels of God . "
See also : Angels , Angel Magic , Archangels , Celestial , Celestial Bodies , Celestial Light , Dionysius the Areopagite , Fallen Host & Grigori .
Sources : Information and inspiration for this topic and all quotes unless otherwise stated taken from the The House of Rites Website .
Above pictures of Angels
Above picture of Archangels
Above picture of Cherubs
Useful Links
The House of Rites Website
SHARE THIS :
DISCOVER TAROT ON iPHONE , iPAD AND ANDROID .
Learn Tarot Card Meanings , what they mean when combined in a reading , test your knowledge in the Tarot Quiz and reveal what the future may hold with the Tarot Reading App .
London , England ( CNN ) --
Hundreds of millions of dollars is a lot to spend on a film featuring a bunch of blue aliens -- but that 's exactly what Fox Features has done with new 3D sci - fi " Avatar , " which the movie studio says is the most expensive production it has ever made .
In an interview with CNN just before the movie 's worldwide release later this month , James Gianopulos , co-chairman and CEO of Fox Filmed Entertainment , would n't divulge the figure spent on the sci - fi blockbuster .
Guessing the multi-million dollar sum of the latest film from director James Cameron has been a popular game for industry watchers for some months : a recent article in the Wall Street Journal speculated the film 's final tally could exceed $ 300 million .
" It is the most expensive film we 've made , but now , having the luxury of hindsight , it is money well spent , so I 'm not concerned about it , " Gianopulos told CNN at the Thessaloniki film festival in Greece .
Nevertheless , if some of the projected numbers are right , " Avatar 's " budget would exceed the current most expensive film ever made .
Currently , that crown is held by " Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End , " with a budget of an estimated $ 300 million , according to box office - tracking Web site boxofficemojo.com .
But then Fox has been here before with Cameron .
" Titanic " ( 1997 ) , his previous feature , cost a record - breaking estimated $ 200 million at the time .
It was an investment that paid off -- " Titanic " bagged more than $ 1.8 billion worldwide as well as a clutch of movie awards including a best director Oscar for Cameron himself
Small wonder that Fox is investing hugely in the promotion and marketing of " Avatar , " a technically - advanced epic sold as a game - changer for the movie industry , potentially ushering in a new era of mass 3D - movie watching .
In August , director Cameron stoked the publicity , unveiling a 15 - minute taster of the movie to sold - out audiences in selected cinemas around the world , an event dubbed " Avatar Day . "
Gianopulos says Cameron has had the film in his mind for more than a decade .
" He first conceived the idea and the basic story and then had said many times over the years he was waiting for technology to catch up to allow him to do it the way he wanted to , " Gianopulos told CNN .
Set on the planet of Pandora , the story unfolds as a war rages between invading humans and the planet 's native species , the Na'vi .
Sam Worthington stars as a disabled former Marine who becomes an " avatar " -- a 10 - foot - tall , blue - skinned creature genetically engineered to resemble the planet 's humanoid life forms .
Other cast members include Sigourney Weaver , who starred in " Aliens , " directed by Cameron more than two decades ago .
Part of the multi-million dollar budget was the creation , by Cameron , of a new film camera that combines computer - generated imagery with live action .
" He integrated it with a monitor system , which allowed him to see the virtual world he was shooting as part of the performance capture that he was doing , " Gianopulos explains , adding that even he does not understand the complex cinematic process .
Cameron 's other big innovation has been to substantially reduced the size of the special cameras used to capture images in 3D , once the size of a large domestic fridge .
These technical improvements allowed Cameron more fluidity in the production process allowing him to " construct the movie in the manner he thought creatively was best , " according to Gianopulos .
Are you excited for " Avatar ? "
Have you seen it ?
Share reviews
Asked how he balanced Cameron 's creativity with financial concerns , Gianopulos said it was a matter of " having the confidence in the quality of the film and the scale of the film and the appeal of the film that you 're going to make to say : ' Okay , it 's worth the extra investment a film like this takes . ' "
Although Gianopulos admits that " Avatar " is Fox 's most expensive film - making venture to date , he states that the final price is not that far removed from rival effects - heavy productions ( " It 's not far outside those parameters , " he offers ) .
" Movies of this scale which play to a huge global audience have become quite expensive because of the nature of the technologies involved , " Gianopulos says .
" But they also typically perform at the scale of that investment . "
Gianopulos says that more and more of the live - action films the company will be producing will be done in 3D as the technology expands further .
" It 's here now , and one of the things that ' Avatar ' has done is encourage theatre owners to make the change over both to digital and to 3D capability , " he says .
" So now there are thousands of 3D screens all over the world . "
He says that at the moment , 3D is mainly the province of the biggest and best directors , including Cameron and Robert Zemeckis , who directed recent release " A Christmas Carol . "
Gianopulos predicts that over the years , audiences will simply come to expect 3D movies and that it will become the dominant form of film .
" As Jim says , we experience the world in 3D , why should we experience film any different ? "
In the meantime , Fox should know in a few months if the hundreds of millions invested in " Avatar " was worth it .
Or not .
Eftehia Katsareas contributed to this report .
It was a huge year for data .
There ’s no denying it .
Data is about to explode .
Applications sprung up left and right that help you understand your data – your Web traffic , your finances , and your life .
There are now online marketplaces that sell data as files or via API .
Data.gov launched to provide the public with usable , machine - readable data on a national scale .
State and local governments followed , and data availability expands every day .
At the same time , there are now tons of tools that you can use to visualize your data .
It ’s not just Excel anymore , and a lot of it is browser - based .
Some of the tools even have aesthetics to boot .
It ’s exciting times for data , indeed .
Data has been declared sexy , and the rise of the data scientist is here .
With all the new projects this year , it was hard to filter down to the best , but here they are : two honorable mentions and the five best data visualization projects of 2009 .
Visualizations were chosen based on analysis , aesthetics , and most importantly , how well they told their story ( or how well they let you tell yours ) .
Honorable Mention : MTV VMA Tweet Tracker
The MTV VMA Tweet Tracker , a glorified bubble chart from Stamen Design and Radian6 , showed the buzz on Twitter over the MTV VMAs .
As I watched iJustine talk about the visualization on television , pointing out highlights in the bubbles and tags , I thought , “ Visualization sure has branched out . ”
Plus , the explosion of Kanye West ’s face on my computer screen was hilarious .
Honorable Mention : Crisis of Credit Visualized
We all know there were major problems going on with banks and credit this year , but it ’s a safe bet that most did n’t quite know why .
Jonathan Jarvis attempted to explain with his thesis project , Crisis of Credit Visualized .
It is n’t perfect , and it does n’t explain every detail , but it does explain a lot .
5. Photosynth
Photosynth , by Microsoft Live Labs , smartly strings photos together to create something of a browsable 3 - D environment .
It was actually released last year .
I do n’t think it was really put to good use until this year though .
With the inauguration of President Barack Obama , a historic event people wo n’t soon forget , MSNBC used Photosynth to provide a view of the inaugural stands .
4. The Jobless Rate for People Like You
Unemployment rate was another important and recurring topic this year , and there were a lot of visualizations – maps , bar charts , and graphics – that showed it .
None did it better than Shan Carter , Amanda Cox , and Kevin Quealy of The New York Times .
In The Jobless Rate for People Like
You , we were able to see the changes over time and filter down to different demographics .
Transitions and browsability were top notch .
3. OpenStreetMap : A Year of Edits
OpenStreetMap : A Year of Edits showed all the changes to OpenStreetMap data in 2008 .
The visualization itself , by ITO , is beautiful , and what the animated map represents – a worldwide effort in providing an accurate geographic data source – is even more amazing .
2. Protovis
Protovis , from the Stanford visualization guys Mike Bostock and Jeffrey Heer , is a “ graphical approach to visualization . ”
More importantly , it uses Javascript and SVG for web - native visualizations , which is where things are headed with , uh , visualization on the Web .
True , there are plenty of Javascript libraries that let you make basic graphs , but none are nearly this advanced , and true , Protovis does n’t work in all browsers , but if you ’re reading this , you ’re probably smart enough to be on a modern browser , unless you ’re locked into Internet Explorer at work .
1 . On the Origin of Species : The Preservation of Favoured Traces
On the Origin of Species , by Ben Fry , shows the changes to Charles Darwins ’ theory of natural selection , over time .
I think a lot of you missed this one , because I posted it on Labor Day , but nevertheless , it ’s an elegant visual .
It ’s a simple concept executed really well .
Origin shows the full growing ( and shrinking ) text as little blocks with an emphasis on the evolution of Darwin ’s ideas .
They were 20 years in the making .
Origins is actually an offshoot of a much larger project yet to be released ( if ever ) , according to Fry , so I ’m of course really looking forward to seeing the rest .
There you have it .
It ’s the top five visualizations of 2009 .
There was a lot of great stuff churned out this year , and no doubt next year will be even better .
Back to you – what do you think was the best visualization of the year ?
Leave your picks in the comments below .
Jared Taylor , VDARE , February 3 , 2004
The Tuskegee syphilis study ranks almost with slavery and lynching as a symbol of America ’s racist past .
There is probably not one black American adult who does not know — or thinks he knows — about an experiment from the 1930s in which government health authorities deliberately withheld treatment from 400 black syphilitics just to see what would happen to them .
In some versions of story , the government deliberately infected the men .
At the very least , the authorities are said to have been guilty of withholding the effective treatments that became available in the 1950s .
Blacks often cite fear of “ another Tuskegee ” to explain why few of them cooperate with public health programs or donate organs for transplant .
They never know when white doctors might experiment on them .
Anthropologist Richard Shweder of the University of Chicago has just published a detailed analysis of the Tuskegee study in which he shows that virtually every popular assumption about it is false .
( Tuskegee re-examined , January 8 , 2004 )
The study was undertaken by “ progressives ” who wanted to fight a disease that afflicted many blacks , it had the full support of black medical authorities to the end , and — most important — it probably caused no harm to the 140 men ( not 400 ) who took part .
The U.S. Public Health Service started the study in 1932 in Macon County , Alabama , where syphilis rates for blacks ranged between 20 and 36 percent .
At the time , there were a number of treatments for the disease but they were complicated , disagreeable , and not very effective .
They involved a year - long series of carefully - monitored intravenous injections of an arsenic compound that had such unpleasant side - effects that fully 85 percent of patients dropped out before treatment was complete .
Of the 15 percent who stuck it out , few were cured .
Public health officials knew they needed better drugs .
But they also needed a baseline to which they could compare the results of treatment .
This was why they wanted to know what happens if there was no treatment .
As Prof .
Shweder explains , syphilis is not always the raging killer most of us think it is .
First of all , it is only in the early stages of the disease , when sores appear on the body , that it is contagious .
This was the only stage at which arsenic had any effect at all .
After that , syphilis goes into a latent state , in which there are no symptoms , and the patient is not infectious .
Untreated syphilis can then go on to the tertiary stage and destroy vital organs like the heart and brain — this is what happened to famous victims like Nietzsche — but for perhaps 80 percent of syphilitics , the disease stays latent , as if they never had it .
The longer the disease is latent , the longer it is likely to stay that way .
It is , in Professor Shweder ’s terms , “ self - limiting or self - correcting . ”
Today , most public information campaigns do n’t emphasize this .
Health authorities trumpet the potential for devastation rather than tell people they have a good chance of escaping unscathed .
The Illinois Department of Health is the exception in explaining that :
If untreated , syphilis then lapses into a latent stage during which the disease is no longer contagious and no symptoms are present .
Many people who are not treated will suffer no further consequences of the disease .
It was this latent stage that health authorities wanted to investigate in 1932 .
Consequently , when they examined 410 syphilitic blacks for possible inclusion in the study , they found many were in the early , infectious stage , and rejected them as candidates .
They turned over no fewer than 178 for the standard arsenic treatment , and kept 140 for the study .
They then checked up on these men at rather lengthy intervals — in 1938 , 1948 , 1952 , and 1963 — giving them full physical examinations , and treating them for any disease other than syphilis .
A black nurse named Eunice Rivers ran the program , keeping in close contact with the men to make sure they did not drift out of touch .
She was apparently a remarkable woman who created something of a social club around the study .
The outset of the program was therefore entirely unobjectionable .
The men had already entered the latency stage of syphilis , for which the standard and largely ineffective cure of the day was no good at all .
Forgoing that was no hardship , and in exchange they got free medical checkups and the benefits of Nurse Rivers ’ kind attention .
The authorities at Booker T. Washington ’s Tuskegee Institute blessed the study .
By the mid-1950s , however , penicillin became available as a standard cure for syphilis .
Should not the Public Health Service have stopped the study and treated the men ?
Was n’t it “ racist ” not to ?
No .
By the 1950s , the men had been infected for 20 or 25 years .
Some number had died of heart disease probably brought on by tertiary syphilis , but for those who were still alive in the 1950s , the disease had very likely run its course .
Ninety men were still part of the program at the time of the last examination in 1963 .
Penicillin treatment , even when it first became available , would probably have done them no good .
Prof .
Shweder suggests that by then these men may well have had life expectancies as high as black men of the same age who had never had syphilis at all !
It is possible , of course , to criticize the study on he grounds that its subjects did not give “ informed consent . ”
No one explained the rationale of the study to them , other than to say they had “ bad blood ” ( the euphemism for syphilis at the time ) , and that their occasional medical examinations had something to do with it .
However , as Professor Shweder points out , the concept of “ informed consent ” did not exist in 1932 .
It was common for doctors to tell their patients very little , whether they were black or white .
Shweder goes on to argue that since there was little harm to the men and some benefit , the Public Health Service would probably have had no shortage of subjects even if it had explained every detail at every stage .
Of course , the study finally was stopped in 1972 , hardly helped by press coverage like that of the New York Times , which titled its July 26 story of that year , “ Syphilis Victims in U.S. Study Went Untreated for 40 Years . ”
Not even the redoubtable Eunice Rivers was able to fight off the terrible cloud that descended on the program .
It has gained a permanent place in the lore of American “ racism . ”
The “ Tuskegee Study of Untreated Syphilis in the Negro Male , ” as it was officially called , is probably beyond redemption .
The standard version of white perfidy probably cannot be displaced any more than the truth about America ’s World War II relocation camps can displace the common conviction that they were “ concentration camps ” in which Japanese were forcibly interned .
Nor is this process of falsifying history in ways that discredit whites over .
It is now common “ knowledge ” that DNA evidence has proven Thomas Jefferson fathered illegitimate children with Sally Hemings , even though it has done no such thing .
So many whites so badly want to hear the worst about themselves they can hardly let the truth spoil a good yarn about “ racism . ”
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 January 7
The Tail of the Small Magellanic Cloud
Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / STScI
Explanation : A satellite galaxy of our Milky Way , the Small Magellanic Cloud is wonder of the southern sky , named for 16th century Portuguese circumnavigator Ferdinand Magellan .
Some 200,000 light - years distant in the constellation Tucana , the small irregular galaxy 's stars , gas , and dust that lie along a bar and extended " wing " , are familiar in images from optical telescopes .
But the galaxy also has a tail .
Explored in this false - color , infrared mosaic from the Spitzer Space Telescope , the tail extends to the right of the more familiar bar and wing .
Likely stripped from the galaxy by gravitational tides , the tail contains mostly gas , dust , and newly formed stars .
Two clusters of newly formed stars , warming their surrounding natal dust clouds , are seen in the tail as red spots .
As reported across the internet , and even by our writers overnight , the Australian Government has announced an inquiry into the introduction of a R18 + ( Adult ) rating for computer games , in conjunction with its launch of an internet censorship regime .
As much as Australia desperately needs to realize it ’s in the 21st century and introduce an adult rating on computer games , the announcement is purely smoke and mirrors , an attempt to draw attention away from internet censorship by appearing to concede something that simply wo n’t happen , at least in the foreseeable future .
You would n’t know that from the headlines though ; not only have US sites claimed that this might be happening , so have a pile of Australian sites , many of who seem to be more interested in printing the spin of the Australian Government vs actually taking a deep look at what ’s on offer and the likelihood of changes taking place .
Legally , and as clearly started in the Discussion Paper ( pdf ) any change to Australian censorship laws can only be introduced with the support of all the states .
From page 5 of the report :
A change to classification categories would require amendments to the Commonwealth Act , the Code and the Guidelines , as well as State and Territory enforcement legislation .
Under the Intergovernmental Agreement on Censorship and the Commonwealth Act , the Code and Guidelines can only be amended with the agreement of all Censorship Ministers .
The need for state support is due to censorship and classification law not being vested in the Federal Government in section 51 of the Australian constitution .
Until the implementation of the Classification ( Publications , Films and Computer Games )
Act 1995 , States in Australia implemented their own censorship and classification regimes , although be it since the 80s based on a broad national framework .
Although led by the Federal Government today , the power still rests with the States , and changes Federally can only be implemented with the support of all states .
The implementation of censorship laws at the State level means that even today , Australia does n’t have uniform censorship laws .
X rated material is only available for purchase in the ACT and the Northern Territory , and certain R18 + materials are banned for sale in Queensland .
States could in theory still go it alone on censorship , but likewise none seems interested in going it alone on computer games ; that is , the states are committed to the process of a national implementation of censorship laws , complete with the need for all states to agree to changes .
If you have n’t heard of him before ( and he ’s infamous in Australia , ) meet Michael Atkinson , the Attorney General for South Australia .
Atkinson is n’t just against the introduction of a R18 + rating for games in Australia , he ’s a vocal critic of the proposal .
Without his ( and by extension the Government of South Australia ’s ) support , Australia is n’t getting an adult rating on computer games any time soon , no matter what the Federal Government might be suggesting .
At this stage there ’s no indication that he might change his mind even if the Federal Government ’s report supports the introduction of a R18 + rating for games .
In a letter November 18 , 2009 ( via Kotaku )
What the present law does is keep the most extreme material off the shelves .
It is true that this restricts adult liberty to a small degree , however , I am prepared to accept this infringement in the circumstances .
Atkinson on the Alien vs Predator ban ( via ItWire )
Atkinson believes the impact of a lack of R18 + Classification is minimal ; “ This is a question of a small number of very zealous gamers trying to impose their will on society , and I think , harm society .
It ’s the public interest versus a small vested interest . ”
Atkinson said
He even appealed the MA15 + rating on Call of Duty , Modern Warfare 2 , saying November 24 ( via Palgn )
“ What I want the Classification Board to do is to apply the guidelines properly .
What I do n’t want is the extremely violent , sexually depraved , drug use games in Australia at all .
At the cinema , we can stop people under 18 going in to see R18 + rated movies .
We ca n’t stop these games that are extremely violent and depraved from getting into the home or getting into the hands of children . ”
Does this sound like a guy who might change his mind and come to the party on a R18 + rating ?
There is a move to put up a gamer against Atkinson in the 2010 South Australian election , a move that while welcome and should be supported , is a little naive given that some believe removing him from Parliament might mean a change in policy .
Atkinson is n’t a one - man band on censorship , his stance against R18 + games is not his alone , but comes with the support of the South Australian Government .
If he was running policy that went against the beliefs of the Government , he would n’t continue to hold his position of Attorney General .
The chances of a change of Government in South Australia in 2010 ?
Not great ; a recent poll found Labor had a primary vote of 41 % vs the Liberal Party at 32 % ( 2PP was n’t noted , ) even after a sex scandal involving the State Premier .
But even if the South Australian problem can be overcome ( which is unlikely , ) Western Australia might oppose the classification as well .
WA Attorney General Christian Porter on an R18 + classification for games quoted in February ( via Gamespot )
“ As you would be aware , all States and Territories would have to agree to allow the introduction of R18 + games into the country .
South Australia has quite vocally opposed the introduction of these games .
Therefore any further comment would be hypothetical . ”
Non committal to be sure , until you look at the other actions of the WA Government , such as banning the possession of RC games ; in other states , possession of an RC game ( vs its sale ) is legal where that game does n’t breach other laws ( such as child porn laws . )
The WA State Government also bans the “ public display MA 15 + rated games in WA .
While it is legal to sell and purchase MA15 + games , retailers or anyone displaying them in public will be liable for a $ 5000 fine . ”
Do they sound like the acts of a Government who might support a R18 + rating for computer games ?
Conclusion
Most Australians support the introduction of a R18 + rating for computer games , with some polls suggesting the figure is as high as 91 % .
But in recognizing that it is right to introduce the rating , you have to look at the real situation : the Federal Government is playing smoke and mirrors on game ratings as a distraction to its internet censorship proposal , knowing too well that it simply does n’t have the support of all the states to get it up , even if the report recommends it .
An Iraq war veteran has been arrested and charged with threatening to kill his officers after recording a violent rap protest song and sending it to the Pentagon .
Marc
Hall , a junior member of an infantry unit , wrote the song in protest at the US army 's unpopular policy of involuntarily extending soldiers ' service and forcing them to return to Iraq or Afghanistan .
Hall completed a 14 - month spell in Iraq last year , expecting to be discharged next month , but was told he would have to go back to Iraq under the policy known as stop - loss .
The song includes lines saying the army " fucked me over " , and a warning that he would shoot his officers and " watch all the bodies hit the floor " .
The army has charged Hall with threatening to " go on a rampage " and has ordered him to be held in a military prison in Georgia to await trial .
But the soldier 's civilian lawyer , James Klimaski , said Hall was using the hip - hop genre , which often includes violent lyrics , to legitimately voice disgruntlement among troops at stop - loss .
The stop - loss policy has forced 185,000 service personnel to stay in the military beyond their contracts to meet the demand over two wars .
Klimaski said : " These lyrics do n't mean anything .
Gangsta rap songs are always talking about killing people .
If you listen to what the song 's about , not the specific lines , it 's against stop - loss .
And it 's the anger of troops who go over and come back and go over again and come back in an unending war . " .
Hall , who sings under the name Marc Watercus , directs his anger at officers .
" Fuck you colonels , captains , E - 7 and above .
You think you so much bigger than I am ? … "
The song suggests he will round up the officers and put them against a wall .
" I got a … magazine with 30 rounds , on a three - round burst , ready to fire down .
Still against the wall , I grab my M - 4 , spray and watch all the bodies hit the floor .
I bet you never stop - loss nobody no more . "
Hall has issued a statement from military prison describing the song as free speech .
He said he explained that the hardcore rap song " was a free expression of how people feel about the army and its stop - loss policy " .
He added : " The song was neither a physical threat nor any threat whatsoever … it was just hip - hop . "
Kilmaski said
Hall wrote the song last summer , a few months after returning from Iraq and about the time that soldiers in his unit became aware they would have to return to the Middle East .
" The song was around the unit for a long time .
They all talked with him about it .
They did n't seem threatened before .
But then it got close to going back to Iraq and they decided to put him in jail . " .
What prompted Hall 's arrest was his sending the song to the Pentagon , ­Klimaski said .
" The alarm bells rang and they said , what 's going on here ? "
Hall 's arrest came during a period of heightened sensitivity to threats within the army after officers were accused of ignoring warning signs before the killing of 13 people by Major Nidal Hasanin at Fort Hood in November .
The military said it had an obligation to investigate Hall 's behaviour .
" Anything less would be irresponsible to our citizens and soldiers , " a representative said .
The Bush administration introduced stop - loss to ensure it had enough service personnel to fight the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan without enforcing a draft that would have been politically unpopular and brought home the true cost of the war to many people .
Critics have described the policy as " involuntary servitude " and as a severe blow to morale .
The military has said it will end stop - loss next year .
" The people in Detroit were prepared to look at him in secondary inspection , " said a an official quoted by the Times .
" The decision had been made .
The ... database had picked up the State Department concern about this guy , that this guy may have been involved with extremist elements in Yemen ...
They could have made a decision on whether to stop him from getting on the plane , " he said .
Online social networks such as Facebook are being used to express and communicate real personality , instead of an idealized virtual identity , according to new research from psychologist Sam Gosling at The University of Texas at Austin .
" I was surprised by the findings because the widely held assumption is that people are using their profiles to promote an enhanced impression of themselves , " says Gosling of the more than 700 million people worldwide who have online profiles .
" In fact , our findings suggest that online social networking profiles convey rather accurate images of the profile owners , either because people are n't trying to look good or because they are trying and failing to pull it off .
" These findings suggest that online social networks are not so much about providing positive spin for the profile owners , " he adds , " but are instead just another medium for engaging in genuine social interactions , much like the telephone . "
Gosling and a team of researchers collected 236 profiles of college - aged people from the United States ( Facebook ) and Germany ( StudiVZ , SchuelerVZ ) .
The researchers used questionnaires to assess the profile owners ' actual personality characteristics as well as their ideal - personality traits ( how they wished to be ) .
The personality traits included : extraversion , agreeableness , conscientiousness , neuroticism and openness .
In the study , observers rated the profiles of people they did not know .
These ratings were then compared to the profile owners ' actual personality and their ideal - personality .
Personality impressions based on online social network profiles were accurate and were not affected by profile owners ' self - idealization .
Accuracy was strongest for extraversion -- paralleling results of face - to - face encounters -- and lowest for neuroticism .
Those findings were consistent with previous research showing that neuroticism is difficult to detect without being in person .
" I think that being able to express personality accurately contributes to the popularity of online social networks in two ways , " says Gosling .
" First , it allows profile owners to let others know who they are and , in doing so , satisfies a basic need to be known by others .
Second , it means that profile viewers feel they can trust the information they glean from online social network profiles , building their confidence in the system as a whole . "
Gosling recently co-authored a study on how first impressions do matter when it comes to communicating personality through appearance .
For his latest personality research , he focuses his attention to personality in relation to online social networks .
Findings will be published in an upcoming issue of Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science .
Researchers include : Gosling and Sam Gaddis ( The University of Texas at Austin ) , Mitja Back , Juliane Stopfer and Boris Egloff ( Johannes Gutenberg - University Mainz , Germany ) , Simine Vazire ( Washington University in St. Louis ) , and Stefan Schmukle ( Westfälische Wilhelms - University Münster , Germany ) .
Well - known Linux kernel developer Ted Ts'o announced this week that he has joined Google , leaving behind his previous role as CTO of the Linux Foundation .
Ts'o , an expert on filesystem development , played a central role in creating Ext4 , the latest generation of the dominant Linux filesystem .
In a statement on his blog , Ts'o expressed enthusiasm for his new job and pointed to a recent mailing list post by a Google engineer which reveals that the search giant is in the process of upgrading its storage infrastructure from Ext2 to Ext4 .
Ts'o says that he will continue working on Ext4 and other parts of the Linux kernel while he is at Google .
His departure from the Linux Foundation is not sudden or unexpected — the organization has an informal policy of rotating people through the CTO position at regular intervals .
When Ts'o took the job in 2008 , he came from IBM and it was understood that he would serve a two - year term with the foundation .
With his term completed , he has decided to join Google instead of going back to Big Blue .
Ext4 faced some criticism during its development following the discovery of possible data loss issues relating to the filesystem 's implementation of delayed allocation .
Ts'o created patches that have addressed those issues , minimizing the potential risk .
Google 's decision to deploy Ext4 is a strong endorsement of the filesystem 's reliability and affirms its suitability for enterprise adoption .
In a mailing list post , Google engineer Michael Rubin provided more insight into the decision - making process that led the company to adopt Ext4 .
The filesystem offered significant performance advantages over Ext2 and nearly rivaled the high - performance XFS filesystem during the company 's tests .
Ext4 was ultimately chosen over XFS because it would allow Google to do a live in - place upgrade of its existing Ext2 filesystems .
" The driving performance reason to upgrade is that while ext2 had been ' good enough ' for a very long time the metadata arrangement on a stale file system was leading to what we call ' read inflation ' .
This is where we end up doing many seeks to read one block of data .
In general latency from poor block allocation was causing performance hiccups , " he wrote .
" For our workloads we saw ext4 and xfs as ' close enough ' in performance in the areas we cared about .
The fact that we had a much smoother upgrade path with ext4 clinched the deal . "
The Linux Foundation has not yet announced who will be the organization 's next CTO .
It would be fitting for the foundation to use its newly - announced Linux Jobs board to find a worthy candidate , but it 's more likely that the organization will pick someone from their growing roster of member companies .
Fight mesothelioma NOW by educating yourself on the latest treatments , how to survive mesothelioma , and the best ways to obtain financial assistance .
Request your free Mesothelioma Packet today or call us at 1-800-692-8608
Due to the popularity of my previous article on Help Desk Geek entitled 99 ways to make your computer blazingly fast , I ’ve decided to write another list post with 99 items , but this time on Windows freeware programs that you may have not heard of .
If you search for “ best freeware programs ” or “ top freeware apps ” , you ’ll get lots of lists , but mostly with programs everyone has already heard of : AVG anti-virus , 7 - zip , Firefox , OpenOffice , etc. , etc .
That ’s all nice and fine , but what about all those little gems programs that work great , but do n’t get all the headlines ?
In this article , I will try my best to mention as many small name freeware programs as I can that can help make you more productive !
It ’s a long list , so feel free to bookmark it and refer to it later on .
These are written in no particular order !
Again , I ’m sure there are hundreds of programs that I wo n’t mention , so if you feel I ’ve really missed a great program , mention the name of the app and what it does in the comments !
Additionally , some of the programs I mention have free versions that have a few restrictions or are limited in some way .
I tried not to mention any programs that are just free trials .
Note : Lastly , it should be noted that I have gone through the entire list and run every executable file through VirusTotal ( as of Feb 2018 ) to ensure that the programs do not have malware or spyware .
1 . We ’ve all heard of 7 - zip , WinRAR , and WinZip , but what about other great zipping programs like ZIP Archiver or PeaZip ?
2 . What ’s the best Notepad replacement out there ?
Notepad ++ right ?
We all know that !
Here are nine more free text editors for Windows .
3 . If you use Windows , then you know and love the Windows registry !
CCleaner may be the most popular system maintenance tool out there , but what about …well , actually that ’s the only one I recommend .
4 . Ever accidentally delete a file that you really needed ?
You can try a program called Pandora Recovery to recover lost or deleted files or Recuva , a useful file recovery app .
But that ’s not all !
Ever heard of TestDisk ?
5 . Speaking of file recovery , ever accidentally delete all the pictures off your memory card !?
It happens more often than you would think .
In those cases , check out my list of 5 photo recovery apps .
6 . Ever forget your Outlook password ?
Or your password for a WiFi ?
If so , you can use some cool programs to reveal passwords and account details for various programs in Windows .
You can also use these 10 programs to recover a lost PST password .
7 . Speaking of passwords , have you ever needed to remove a password on an Office document like an Excel spreadsheet ?
There ’ a program for that .
8. OK , so you have heard of Audacity , but it ’s the best free audio editing program out there , so deal with it .
9 . Speaking of audio , if you are into music , you can use LMMS to create your own music tracks .
10 .
Have an ISO image and older version of Windows that can’t mount ISO images ?
Check out WinCDEmu and create an unlimited number of virtual drives .
11 . With all this password talk , ever thought about using a free password manager ?
Ever heard of KeePass or RoboForm ?
12 . Enough about passwords , let ’s talk media players !
We ’ve all heard of VLC media player and Windows Media Player , but what about Kodi and Media Monkey ?
Both are great media players for Windows .
Also , GOM
Player is good too .
13 .
If you have to stare at your screen at night for a long time , it ’s probably a good idea to use a program like f.lux to change the display color to something warmer .
14 .
If you take a lot of home videos , you probably need to edit and stitch them together right ?
Do n’t worry about Adobe Premiere , you can use other free programs like Windows Movie Maker , a product from Microsoft .
If not that , you can also check out LightWorks and HitFilm Express , two free professional - grade video editing programs .
15 . Speaking of videos , there are many times when you need to convert from one format to another .
The best video transcoder out there IMHO is HandBrake .
16 . Is there a Windows process that is causing spikes in your CPU or other problems .
Use Process Explorer and Process Monitor to help diagnose the issue .
17 . Work with PDF files a lot ?
Looking for a good PDF reader ?
My favorites are Foxit , Nitro PDF Reader , and PDF - XChange Editor .
18 . If you want to create PDFs fast , there are a bunch of programs like CutePDF , PrimoPDF , Bullzip , PDF Creator , and lots more !
19 .
Switching topics , I ’m sure you back up your computer regularly right ?
If not , you should check out Easeus Todo Backup , a free program that lets you backup and clone your hard drives .
Another program is Paragon Backup .
20 .
If you just want to backup your data and not image your entire hard drive , you can use Google Backup and Sync to backup files and folders to your Google Drive storage .
21 . Whether you know it or not , you probably have a bunch of duplicate files on your computer !
It just happens .
You can use Duplicate Cleaner to find and remove those duplicate files .
22 . If you want to save more hard drive space , you should look into a program that will analyze hard disk space usage , like TreeSize .
Other programs include Space Sniffer and WinDirStat .
23 .
Want to see every possible program or driver that loads when Windows starts ?
Check out Autoruns , which is a free tool from Microsoft .
24 . Been looking for a good free photo editor lately ?
Check out GIMP , PhotoScape , Paint.NET , or Fotor !
If you prefer an online photo editor , checkout Pixlr and BeFunky .
25 . Looking for detailed information about the hardware on your computer .
Look no further than HWiNFO .
It can also analyze and monitor your system too .
26 .
If you ’re not running Windows 10 or do n’t like their default Mail app , you can check out Mozilla Thunderbird , which is still updated regularly .
27 .
Ever had to send a large file to someone , but your email client would n’t allow more than 10 to 20 MBs ?
You can share large files ( up to 2 GB for free ) with friends and family using a program called WeTransfer .
Other programs include DropSend and pCloud .
28 .
The popular notes app we all know is Evernote , but there are other great options like SimpleNote , Google Keep , and Notebook .
29 .
If you have an FTP server or a website , you will probably need a good FTP client program like WinSCP , the most popular these days .
Other good options include FileZilla and CyberDuck .
30 .
If you ’re paranoid about your data , you might want to encrypt it with a program like VeraCrypt or AxCrypt .
31 . Are you a web developer or coder ?
Looking for a good HTML editor ?
There are quite a few : CoffeeCup , Visual Studio Express , Atom , Sublime Text , etc .
32 . Want to learn more about the WiFi networks around you ?
Download WiFi Inspector or Acrylic WiFi Analyzer .
33 .
Ever wanted to create a family tree ?
Legacy is a free genealogy that you can use to keep track of family and relatives .
Another good app is ScionPC .
34 .
If you constantly use the same programs over and over , it might be a good idea to download a quick program launcher .
One of my favorites is Find and Run Robot .
35 . OpenOffice is the most popular free Office suite , but there are other good ones like LibreOffice and WPS Office Free .
36 . Ever wanted to automate a certain task in Windows ?
Maybe you want to have your computer turn off every day at 10 pm ?
Or certain keystrokes you want to record and repeat over and over again ?
Whatever the case , AutoHotKey is an awesome program for automating many tasks in Windows .
37 . I mentioned HWiNFO in # 25 , but if you want detailed info about your CPU and about the motherboard , then CPU - Z is a better option .
38 .
If you ’re planning to overclock your CPU , then you should download Prime95 to make sure your system is stable .
If you ’re overclocking a GPU , check out MSI Afterburner .
39 .
Looking to secure your browsing traffic with a VPN ?
The best free VPN currently is TunnelBear , which restricts you to 500 MB of bandwidth .
40 . In # 14 , I mentioned two professional and free movie editing programs , but they are quite complex .
If you ’re looking to create movies without such a learning curve , check out Shotcut , VSDC Free Video editor , and Avidemux .
41 . Got kids ?
Need some parental control software ?
The best options are Qustodio and Kidlogger .
Free versions are limited obviously .
Also , read my post on the different ways to childproof a computer .
42 . If you have a lot of music , you might want to consider a music management program like Media Monkey .
Another good program is MusicBee .
43 . I talked about a VPN for secure browsing in # 39 , but you can also use a different browser like Tor to hide your identify .
44 .
If you ’ve recently bought a new computer , you can use a program called PC Decrapifier to get rid of all those useless programs that can come bundled with the PC and slow everything down .
45 .
After you have a computer for a while , there are always going to be programs that you do n’t use anymore and that can be uninstalled .
Revo Uninstaller will get rid of any program whether it wants to or not .
46 .
If you want to play some free games that are n’t Solitaire , download Steam .
They have a whole free games section .
47 .
If you have sensitive data on your computer that you want to permanently and securely delete from your hard drive , I would suggest using a program called dBan .
48 . Do a lot of reading ?
A great app for reading in Windows is the Kindle app .
It will also sync down to your phone or tablet too .
49 . Love using Instagram ?
Want to download a photo , video or story from Instagram ?
Check out 4 K Stogram .
50 .
Looking for good screen capture software ?
A really good one is Screenshot Captor .
Of course , Windows has a lot of built - in ways to capture screenshots too .
51 . We ’ve all heard of Skype and WhatsApp , but what about Viber ?
It ’s another tool you can use to communicate with family and friends worldwide .
52 . Ever wanted your computer to speak out what you have written ?
It ’s called text - to - speech and there are a couple of good programs that do it : Balabolka , NaturalReader , and Panopreter .
53 .
Do you have a lot of programs that load when Windows starts ?
Does it take several minutes for your computer to become useable ?
If so , check out Startup Delayer , a program that delays the startup of programs so that your computer loads faster .
54 .
Do you need to create a presentation , but do n’t have PowerPoint ?
In addition to the Office suites we mentioned in # 35 , you can also use Canva and Prezi .
55 . Follow a lot of blogs online and still miss Google Reader ?
RSSOwl is a good alternative .
56 .
You ’ve all probably heard of TeamViewer for remotely sharing your desktop , but you can also use Join.me .
57 .
Are you someone who prefers a supercharged Explorer interface ?
If so , check out Total Commander , which has been around for decades and works with Windows 10 .
58 .
If you think you might have bad memory installed in your computer , you can check for bad memory using memtest86 .
59 .
Want to record your screen and live stream it too ?
OBS Studio is a free app that does just that .
TinyTake is another decent one , though the free version is limited .
60 .
Are you a professional photographer that needs tools like Lightroom , but do n’t want to pay for a subscription ?
Darktable is an open - source photography workflow application .
61 . Speaking of Adobe , are there any good Adobe Illustrator alternatives ?
Yes !
One good one for working with vector graphics is Inkscape .
Another good one is Vectr .
62 . Are you someone who needs to write something , but gets distracted easily ?
Check out FocusWriter and write without distractions .
63 .
One of the worst things that can happen to your computer is for it to become infected with Spyware .
Hijack
This is an awesome program that you can use to find and remove spyware .
However , it ’s no longer active .
Another good option is AdwCleaner .
64 .
On the topic of spyware , there are several other freeware programs like SUPERAntiSpyware , adaware , and SpyBot .
65 .
In addition to spyware and malware , there are also separate tools you can use to find rootkits like TDSSKiller , Sophos Rootkit scanner and Malwarebytes Anti-Rootkit .
66 . Finally , if you ’re not able to detect anything while in Windows , a good idea is to run an offline virus scan .
One good option is Windows Defender Offline .
67 .
If you ever need a free CD / DVD / Blu-ray disc burning program , check out CDBurnerXP .
It also has a portable version you can run off your USB stick .
Another good one is AVS Free Disc Creator .
68 .
If you ever need to burn an ISO image to a CD or DVD , then you should use a free program like ImgBurn .
69 .
Are you a true nerd and still use IRC ?
If so , HexChat is an excellent IRC client .
70 .
Ever run into the problem where you are trying to delete a file in Windows and it says that the file is in use and cannot be deleted ?
You can use Unlocker to delete any file that is locked by a process .
71 .
Are you always thinking about stuff ?
Then you should probably use some free mind - mapping software .
Wikipedia also has a big list of mind - mapping software .
72 . Need to manage a small project , but need some project management software ?
Check out GnattProject and Taiga.io .
73 .
If you want to play around with virtual machines , download the free and excellent VirtualBox from Oracle .
It ’s the safest way to browse and test new software .
74 . In # 19 and # 20 , I talked about software to backup your computer , but forgot to mention DriveImage XML , an good program you can use to create an image of your hard drive .
Other good disk imaging tools include MacriumReflect and Clonezilla .
75 .
Need some accounting & finance software , but do n’t trust the online tools like Mint and Quickbooks ?
GNUCash is free accounting and finance software .
76 . Ever head of Blender ?
It ’s a pretty amazing program and it ’s free .
It lets you create 3D worlds , 3D animations and 3D games .
Check it out .
77 . If Blender is too complex for you , another great option for sketching in 3D is SketchUp .
78 .
While we ’re on the topic , FreeCAD is open - source parametric 3D CAD modeler .
79 .
For space lovers , I always recommend Stellarium , which is basically a planetarium for your computer .
80 . Looking for a really good partition manager ?
Check out GParted , probably the best not - heard - of partition manager out there .
Other good options include MiniTool Partition Wizard and EaseUs Partition Master Free .
81 . Looking for a file on your computer ?
Default Windows search sucks ?
Well , why do n’t you try out Everything , the best free Windows file search tool .
82 . Wish your clipboard could store more than one item at a time ?
Well you should check out ClipX , ArsClip and Ditto clipboard , three cool clipboard manager programs .
83 . DropIt is a nifty little Windows program that lets you “ drop ” files onto a folder , which will then process the file according to your settings .
84 . Remote desktop is great for Windows computers , but for other platforms you ’ll need something like TightVNC or UltraVNC .
85 .
Got a spare computer with some extra storage on it ?
You can turn it into a NAS device using a program called FreeNAS .
86 . Since we ’re talking about only Windows freeware programs , you might be interested in Disk2VHD , a program from Microsoft that will let you convert your current PC into a virtual machine that you can then load into Hyper-V .
87 . Want to learn a new language ?
The best program for Windows in my view is Duolingo .
88 . Ever had to split a large file into a couple of pieces ?
If so , check out GSplit , a nifty utility for splitting and re-joining files .
89 .
Been in a situation where you needed to compare two files and see the differences ?
WinMerge is a cool program that will let you compare and merge two files .
It has n’t been updated since 2013 , but a new version should be coming this year .
90 .
Need to send ultra-private and secure messages from Windows ?
Your best option is Telegram Messenger .
91 .
Or what about merging multiple PDF files together ?
If so , check out PDFtk , a toolkit that lets you merge , split , and repair PDF files .
92 .
For the network geeks out there , you have to try Spiceworks at home to really monitor what ’s happening on the network .
For the really tech - savvy folks , get Wireshark .
93 .
Want to print something at your parents ’ house from your house half - way across the country ?
Check out PrinterShare .
94 . Worried that the data you have saved in the Cloud with Google , Microsoft , etc. can be hacked ?
Encrypt it all with Boxcryptor .
95 .
Ever needed to figure out the RGB value or hexadecimal value of a color that is on your computer screen ?
ColorPic is a nice utility that lets you determine the hexadecimal RGB color for anything on your screen .
96 .
If you have a lot of MP3 files , you probably need to edit the tags and metadata so that everything shows up properly in iTunes or your music manager app .
You can use MP3tag or TagScanner to edit MP3 tags .
97 .
If you have more than one monitor , you can use a program like Dual Monitor Tools to customize each monitor to your liking .
98 .
Wish you could use Find My iPhone with all your other non-Apple devices ?
Prey might just be the answer .
99 .
One of the best ways to keep your computer secure is to make sure all the software is updated .
SUMo does this for you .
Other good options are FileHippo App Manager and Personal Software Inspector .
Whew !
That was probably way more than a hundred freeware programs , but hope you enjoyed it .
I ’m sure there are lots of great programs I missed , so if you have a favorite freeware app , add it to the list via the comments .
If you like the list , bookmark it !
Enjoy !
Looks like Operation Cast Lead footageNo HATER or racial commentsNo
White Phosphorous calls eitherBomb strikes a spot and the people run like fleas , looks like they knew something was coming or had just been fired from there .
Does n't seem like they wanted to stick around and be martyrs , some of them actually value life and living .
( computer science ) the smallest discrete component of an image or picture on a CRT screen ( usually a colored dot ) ;
the greater the number of pixels per inch the greater the resolution
Synonyms : pel / picture element
pixel ( n. )
Emma Watson is best known for playing Hermione in Harry Potter
Teenage Harry Potter actress Emma Watson has been named Hollywood 's highest - paid female star in a poll compiled by US magazine Vanity Fair .
Watson , 19 , who fronts high - profile fashion campaigns , is said to have made more than $ 30 m ( £ 19 m ) last year .
The star , who came 14th in the overall list , beat actress Cameron Diaz , the only other woman in the top 20 .
Watson 's Potter co-stars Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint appear sixth and 15th respectively .
Record - breaking
It is thought Radcliffe , best known for playing wizard Harry Potter in the blockbuster movies , made $ 41 m ( £ 26 m ) and Grint earned the same amount as Watson .
TOP FIVE HOLLYWOOD EARNERS 1 .
Michael Bay $ 125 m ( £ 79 m ) 2 . Steven Spielberg $ 85 m ( £ 54 m ) 3 . Roland Emmerich $ 70 m ( £ 44 m ) 4 . James Cameron $ 50 m ( £ 31 m ) 5 . Todd Phillips $ 44 m ( 28 m ) Source : Vanity Fair
Transformers film - maker Michael Bay topped the survey , with his income thought to be more than $ 125 m ( £ 78 m ) , followed by director Steven Spielberg .
James Cameron , whose record - breaking sci- fi blockbuster Avatar is a front runner in this year 's Oscar nominations , was placed fourth .
Actors Ben Stiller , Tom Hanks , Adam Sandler , Denzel Washington , Owen Wilson , Nicolas Cage and Russell Crowe were all included in the list of Hollywood 's highest earners .
The Vanity Fair list takes into account activities other than film - making , such as modelling contracts and sponsorships .
According to the annual Forbes rich list , published last July , Angelina Jolie was the highest - paid actress in Hollywood , making $ 27 m ( £ 17.2 m ) between June 2008 and June 2009 .
By Dominic Casciani
BBC News
Bacon placed on the door handles of a Leeds synagogue Attacks on Jews in the UK reached record levels in 2009 , according to figures compiled within the community .
The Community Security Trust ( CST ) said it had recorded 924 incidents over the year , 55 % more than the previous high of 598 incidents in 2006 .
The organisation , which monitors incidents against Jewish people and organisations , said the rise was linked to last year 's Gaza conflict .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown described the figures as " deeply troubling " .
The CST is a Jewish community organisation which collects figures on attacks and advises organisations such as synagogues on security .
INCIDENTS BY AREA London 460 Manchester 206 Hertfordshire 48 Leeds 35 Source : CST
It works closely with the police and government on combating racial and religious hatred .
The organisation says the record rise follows two years of falling figures , with the majority of the incidents occurring during or immediately after the conflict in Gaza between Israel and Hamas .
The two - month Gaza conflict began in December 2008 and the CST said acts of anti-Semitism shot up in January and eventually levelled in April .
The vast majority of incidents were abusive behaviour , but 124 of the reports were acts of violence .
Some 37 incidents were targeted at children on their way to school , the organisation said .
' Stand firm '
In a statement issued through the CST , Gordon Brown said : " The increase in anti-Semitic incidents recorded by CST in the early part of last year is deeply troubling and I want to be unequivocal today .
" I am a proud friend of Israel and welcome a robust debate about how we ensure both a secure Israel and a viable Palestinian state existing side by side .
Graffiti in north - east London , January 2009
" The debate is welcome , but no strength of feeling can ever justify violent extremism or attacks and we will stand firm against all those who would use anti-Israeli feeling as an excuse or disguise for anti-Semitism and attacks on the Jewish community . "
One incident included strips of bacon being placed on the door handles of a Leeds synagogue .
On another occasion , a 12 - year - old girl , the only Jew at her school , was surrounded by other pupils who chanted " death to Jews " .
Shadow schools secretary Michael Gove said : " Every one in public life - politicians , media figures , academics and community leaders - has to recognise that this growth in anti-Semitism is a stain on our society .
" History tells us that whenever Jewish individuals feel less safe , society as a whole is becoming less free .
We must learn the lessons of the past . "
The problem is , if you live under constant threat of violence , you grow immune to it
Michael Bookatz , attacked in January 2009
One victim 's story And the Liberal Democrat 's home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said : " We must do everything we can to prevent foreign conflicts from spilling over on to British streets and campuses . "
The police and government agencies do not use the CST 's figures and instead rely on statistics for recorded offences and convictions in courts .
The most up - to - date figures on hate crimes suggest there was a fall in racial and religiously aggravated incidents between 2007 and 2008 .
Some police forces calculate local trends for religiously motivated incidents , but there are no national figures for hate crimes against any specific group , such as Jews or Muslims .
Last month , researchers at Exeter University called on Muslims to start counting their own figures in a similar fashion to the CST , saying there was evidence of an under - reporting of anti-Muslim hatred .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ZAPOPAN , Mexico ( Reuters ) -
At a modern factory in a city whose main claim to fame is an image of the Virgin Mary revered for granting miracles , Mexican pharmaceuticals firm Grupo Collins churns out antibiotics and other medicines .
A soldier stands inside a raided pawn shop while under investigation for money laundering in Tijuana November 25 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jorge Duenes
But the United States contends that the company in Zapopan is not what it seems .
The U.S. Treasury put Grupo Collins on a black list in 2008 , saying the firm supplies a small drug cartel in western Mexico with chemicals needed to make methamphetamines .
Grupo Collins , which has denied any connection to organized crime , is one of dozens under suspicion of laundering money for the nation ’s booming drug business , whose growing economic impact now pervades just about every level of Mexican life .
Mexican cartels , which control most of the cocaine and methamphetamine smuggled into the United States , bring an estimated $ 25 billion to $ 40 billion into Mexico from their global operations every year .
To put that in perspective : Mexico probably made more money in 2009 moving drugs than it did exporting oil , its single biggest legitimate foreign currency earner .
From the white Caribbean beaches of Cancun to violent towns on the U.S. border and the beauty parlors of Mexico City ’s wealthy suburbs , drug cash is everywhere in Mexico .
It has even propped up the country ’s banking system , helping it ride out the financial crisis and aiding the country ’s economy .
Smuggled into Mexico mostly from the United States in $ 100 bills , narco money finds its way onto the books of restaurants , construction firms and bars as drug lords try to legitimize their cash and prevent police from tracing it .
“ Mexico is saturated with this money , ” said George Friedman , who heads geopolitical analysis firm Stratfor .
In western Mexico , drug money started pouring into Zapopan and nearby Guadalajara in the 1980s as the Sinaloa cartel bought hospitals and real estate , said Martin Barron , a researcher at the institute that trains Mexico ’s organized crime prosecutors .
Now residents in the region known in Mexico for its piety say drug smugglers barely make an effort to disguise themselves .
A strip of fancy boutiques in Zapopan was financed with drug money , says Jaime Ramirez , a local newspaper columnist who has been reporting on the drug world for two decades .
As well as the Grupo Collins factory in Zapopan , a nearby car wash is also on the U.S. Treasury ’s black list .
A local cemetery draws relatives of traffickers who were among the 17,000 people killed in the drug war in Mexico since 2006 .
“ A lot of narcos are buried there .
You should see it on Fathers ’ Day , ” Ramirez said , as a black pick - up truck with tinted windows pulled in .
Zapopan residents just shrug their shoulders when a wealthy neighbor displays traits seen as typical of a drug trafficker -- wearing cowboy gear , playing loud “ norteno ” music from the country ’s north or holding lavish parties attended by guests who arrive in pick - up trucks or SUVs .
“ Living alongside them is normal , ” Ramirez said .
“ Everybody knows when a neighbor is on the shady side . ”
One of those neighbors was Sandra Avila , a glamorous trafficker known as the “ Queen of the Pacific , ” who lived in Zapopan before being arrested in Mexico City in 2007 .
On a typical day in Zapopan recently , men unloaded boxes from vans in the Grupo Collins compound , near the company ’s private chapel and soccer field .
From behind the factory ’s high walls , there was little to suggest it could have ties to a cartel .
“ It has always been really calm , ” said Genaro Rangel , who sells tacos every morning to factory workers from a stall across the street .
The plant was advertising a job opening on the company web site for a machine room technician .
Washington ’s accusation , filed under a U.S. sanctions program , makes it illegal for Americans to do business with Grupo Collins and freezes any assets it might have in U.S. accounts .
In a 2006 report , Mexican authorities named Grupo Collins ’ owner Telesforo Tirado as an operator of the Colima cartel .
The U.S. Treasury and Mexico ’s Attorney General ’s office both declined to provide further details on the case and Grupo Collins executives also refused to comment .
But Tirado has previously denied the charges in the Mexican media .
CASHING IN ON THE DRUG TRADE
What ’s going on in Zapopan is happening all over Mexico .
A well - known Mexico City restaurant specializing in the spicy cuisine of the Yucatan peninsula was added to the U.S. list of front companies in December .
Months earlier , one of Mexico ’s top food critics had recommended it .
Drug money has also fueled part of a real estate boom around tourist resorts such as Cancun , said a senior U.S. law enforcement official in Mexico City .
“ We ’ve had cases where traffickers purchased large tracts of land in areas where any investor would buy , ” he said , asking not to be named because of concerns about his safety .
An architect in the city of Tijuana did well out of designing buildings that cartels would build and rent out to legitimate local businesses .
“ The pay was enough for me to build a house for myself , as well as to buy a lot a tools , ” he said .
He was once hired to design a tunnel that led to the street from a secret door in a drug gang member ’s closet .
Craving acceptance , the drug gangs even throw their money at acquaintances to get them on the social scene .
A drug trafficker pays his friend Roberto , who declined to give his last name , to keep him connected in Tijuana and introduce him to women .
“ I take him to parties , ” Roberto said .
In the wealthy shopping areas of Interlomas , near Mexico City , the Perfect Silhouette spa offers breast implants .
Staffed by young women in loose - fitting white suits , the spa also sells weight - loss creams and offers massages .
The U.S. Treasury recently said it was part of the financial network of the Beltran Leyva cartel , whose leader was gunned down by elite Mexican marines in December .
The salon ’s manager , Teresa Delgado , appeared baffled by the U.S. accusations .
“ We have n’t seen anything strange here , ” she said .
A woman Delgado identified as the owner did not return a phone call requesting an interview .
Businesses enlisted to launder drug money typically get a cut worth 3 percent to 8 percent of the funds passing through their books , the U.S. law enforcement official said .
“ SMURFING ” AROUND THE LAWS
Much of the cartels ’ profits eventually ends up in Mexico ’s banking system , the U.S. official said .
During the global financial crisis last year , those assets provided valuable liquidity , says economist Guillermo Ibarra of the Autonomous University of Sinaloa .
“ They had a cushion from drug trafficking money that to a certain extent helped the banks , ” Ibarra said .
Indeed , drug money in banks is a global phenomenon , not just in Mexico .
A United Nations report on the global drug trade in 2009 said that “ at a time of major bank failures , money does n’t smell , bankers seem to believe . ”
Drug gangs in Mexico have their associates make thousands of tiny deposits in their bank accounts to avoid raising suspicion from banking authorities , a practice known as “ smurfing , ” said the U.S. official .
Mexico ’s banking association and the finance ministry ’s anti-money laundering unit declined to comment for this story .
While Mexico is confiscating more drugs and assets than ever under President Felipe Calderon , forfeitures of money are still minuscule compared to even low - ball estimates of the amount of drug money that flows into Mexico .
Under Calderon , authorities have confiscated about $ 400 million , almost none of which was seized from banks , said Ricardo Najera , a spokesman for the Attorney General ’s Office .
Mexican bank secrecy laws make it particularly difficult to go after drug money in financial institutions , Najera said .
“ We ca n’t just go in there and say ‘ OK , let ’s have a look , ’ ” he said .
“ We have to trace the illicit origin of that money before we can get at those bank accounts . ”
The U.S. Treasury has blocked only about $ 16 million in suspected Mexican drug assets since June 2000 , a Treasury official in Washington said .
The official , who asked not to be named , said the sanctions program aims to hit drug lords by breaking “ their commercial and financial backbones . ”
But freezing assets is not “ the principal objective nor the key measure of success . ”
MAFIA CAPITALISM
Data on Mexican banking provides a novel way for calculating the size of the drug economy .
Ibarra crunched numbers on monetary aggregates across different Mexican states and concluded that more money sits in Sinaloan banks than its legitimate economy should be generating .
“ It ’s as if two people had the same job and the same level of seniority , but one of them has twice as much savings , ” he said , talking about comparisons between Sinaloa and other states .
Ibarra estimates cartels have laundered more than $ 680 million in the banks of Sinaloa -- which is a financial services backwater -- and that drug money is driving nearly 20 percent of the state ’s economy .
Edgardo Buscaglia , an academic at Columbia University , recently scoured judicial case files and financial intelligence reports , some of which were provided by Mexican authorities .
His research found organized crime ’s involvement in Mexican businesses had expanded sharply in the five years through 2008 , with gangs now involved in most sectors of the economy .
Buscaglia thinks Mexico ’s lackluster effort to confiscate dirty money is allowing drug gangs and other mafias to flourish .
“ You will wind up with mafia capitalism here before things improve , ” he said .
Even though cartels are clearly creating jobs and giving a lot of people extra spending money , some of these economic benefits are neutralized by a raging drug war that has scared investors .
About a dozen foreign companies in Ciudad Juarez , across the border from Texas , are postponing investments in factories there because of regular gun battles in the city , said Soledad Maynez , who heads a local factory association .
She met with the companies ’ representatives in November .
“ They need the security issue improved , ” she said .
Business leaders say thousands of shops have closed in Ciudad Juarez because of the violence .
Another problem the economy could face is that drug funding could one day fall if authorities cracked down on money laundering or somehow wrenched power away from the cartels .
“ ( Drug money ) could have a short - term positive effect .
But in the long run , because you ’re propping up this artificial economy , the moment it stops it all crashes , ” the U.S. law enforcement official said .
( Additional reporting by Lizbeth Diaz in Tijuana , editing by Claudia Parsons and Jim Impoco )
" Governments of the Industrial World , " the Declaration began , " you weary giants of flesh and steel , I come from Cyberspace , the new home of Mind .
On behalf of the future , I ask you of the past to leave us alone .
You are not welcome among us .
You have no sovereignty where we gather . "
It was February 9 , 1996 , and Grateful Dead lyricist John Perry Barlow sat at his computer in Davos , Switzerland , fuming .
Just days earlier , Congress had passed the mammoth Telecommunications Act .
The bill revolutionized Federal telecom policy in about a dozen areas , but what made headlines was a subsection of the law called the Communications Decency Act .
The CDA stipulated that anyone who " knowingly " used an interactive computer service to display to someone under 18 any kind of message or image that , " in context , depicts or describes , in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary community standards , sexual or excretory activities or organs , regardless of whether the user of such service placed the call or initiated the communication " could receive a two year federal prison sentence or a hefty fine .
The bottom line , as Barlow noted , was that under the CDA , posting a frank discussion about abortion or typing out a generic dirty word on a webpage could get you time in the slammer .
" Well , fuck them , " he wrote to his friends .
" Or , more to the point , let us now take our leave of them .
They have declared war on Cyberspace .
Let us show them how cunning , baffling , and powerful we can be in our own defense . "
And so , to rally the troops , Barlow , co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation , posted his famous Declaration of Independence of Cyberspace .
He declared the " global social space we are building " to be " naturally independent of the tyrannies " governments seek to impose .
Furthermore : " You have no moral right to rule us nor do you possess any methods of enforcement we have true reason to fear , " Barlow advised the United States of America .
Why ?
Because . . .
" Cyberspace consists of transactions , relationships , and thought itself , arrayed like a standing wave in the web of our communications .
Ours is a world that is both everywhere and nowhere , but it is not where bodies live .
We are creating a world that all may enter without privilege or prejudice accorded by race , economic power , military force , or station of birth .
We are creating a world where anyone , anywhere may express his or her beliefs , no matter how singular , without fear of being coerced into silence or conformity .
Your legal concepts of property , expression , identity , movement , and context do not apply to us .
They are based on matter , There is no matter here . "
Woah .
Third Eyes
The mid-1990s were special years in the history of the Internet .
The browser Netscape and the search engine Yahoo !
dramatically redefined the possible .
DSL and Cable modem service turbo- charged consumer access .
But those are the miracles that we remember ( along with initial public offerings that tripled in price in a day ) .
What we tend to forget was the sheer utopianness of the moment ; the amazing expectations that so many people had for cyberspace — that it would release us from the shackles of government and identity , that it would dissolve inequalities , and that it would foster global connectivity and end war .
Those were the days when the head of MIT 's Media Lab could tell a technology conference that the Internet was the key to world peace — that twenty years from then ( 1997 ) , children who explored the nature of other countries through cyberspace " are not going to know what nationalism is . "
Back then you could write a book like Jeff Zaleski's The Soul of Cyberspace , which included an interview with Virtual Reality Markup Language ( VRML ) pioneer Mark Pesce .
" My own theory is that the planet has chakras , as well as human beings , " Pesce told Zaleski , " and that the planetary body is actualizing those chakras .
I am pretty sure that the World Wide Web is the physical manifestation , the activation , of Ajna chakra .
The Third Eye . "
Chakras , for the uninitiated to various strains of Buddhist and Hindu thought , are energy fields that emanate from the base of your spine .
The Ajna , or " Third Eye " Chakra , is the closest we get to disembodied telepathic connectivity to others , the doctrine goes , preparing us for collective contact with the Crown Chakra , the link to the Divine .
" Cyberspace is a mirror that gets held up to the third eye , " Pesce elaborated in a 1997 interview .
" And the third eye , ajna chakra , is the light that removes illusion .
It shows things as they are .
And so this removal of boundaries , or refiguring of boundaries , that we 're seeing is showing the world perhaps more clearly .
I think we 're in a powerful state of coming together . "
But you did n't have to hang out at an ashram to subscribe to the idea that cyberspace would collectively release us from the shackles of the body or national identity .
All the rage were books like Sherry Turkle 's The Second Self and Life on the Screen .
The story of the Internet , Turkle explained , was the story of a " culture of simulation , " in which we " assume personae of our own creation . "
Thus , cyberspace was " eroding boundaries between the real and the virtual , the animate and inanimate , the unitary and multiple self . "
" In the real - time communities of cyberspace , " Turkle continued , " we are dwellers on the threshold between the real and the virtual , unsure of our footing , inventing ourselves as we go along . "
This was all new , these visionaries proclaimed .
Nothing like it had ever happened before .
And with it came radically egalitarian implications .
Neil Edwards was toasting the birth of his third child
A court has heard how a man died after being punched on a night out to celebrate the birth of his third child .
Neil Edwards , 39 , died in hospital nine days after being allegedly struck by Paul Humphreys , 35 , from Wrexham .
Mold Crown Court heard the pair had exchanged " banter " in the Acton Park Hotel , shortly before Mr Edwards , of Wrexham , was attacked in the car park .
Mr Humphreys denies manslaughter , and assaulting Mr Edwards ' brother .
The trial continues .
Airbus worker Mr Edwards had a nine - year - old son , five - year - old daughter and another son who was born just 13 days before the attack .
David Potter , prosecuting , said : " Indeed the whole reason why Mr Edwards went out that night to the Acton Park Hotel was to celebrate with his friends and family that baby 's arrival . "
CCTV
The jury heard there had been some " friendly " banter between the defendant and his group at the bar , and the Edwards ' party at a nearby table .
However , when the Edwards brothers left , the court heard the defendant followed them , and was seen on the pub's CCTV .
Mr Potter said the defendant was looking for a confrontation and Neil Edwards walked towards him , and asked in a " non-threatening way " what the problem was .
" With this , the defendant suddenly and without warning and without any provocation whatsoever , punched Mr Edwards to the face with his right hand , " said Mr Potter .
" It connected and it immediately sent Mr Edwards straight back .
" He hit his head on the concrete surface of the pub car park .
" A witness who saw this happen thought that Mr Edwards was already unconscious before he hit the floor .
" There was a sickening thud and Mr Edwards suffered a fractured skull that caused massive injuries to the brain and proved fatal . "
Mr Edwards never regained consciousness and died nine days later when his life support machine was turned off .
Mr Potter said that for a few moments after he struck the fatal blow , Mr Humphreys continued to be aggressive and unlawfully assaulted the deceased 's brother Wayne by punching him once to the face .
The court heard how Mr Humphreys accepted punching the brothers once each but claimed he acted in self - defence .
The case continues .
I ’m going to show you how CSS 3 transforms and WebKit transitions can add zing to the way you present images on your site .
Laying the foundations
First we are going to make our images look like mini polaroids with captions .
Here ’s the markup :
< div class= " polaroid pull - right " > < img src= " ../img/seal.jpg " alt= " " > < p class= " caption " > Found this little cutie on a walk in New Zealand !
</ p> </div>
You ’ll notice we ’re using a somewhat presentational class of pull - right here .
This means the logic is kept separate from the code that applies the polaroid effect .
The polaroid class has no positioning , which allows it to be used generically anywhere that the effect is required .
The pull classes set a float and add appropriate margins — they can be used for things like blockquotes as well .
. polaroid { width : 150 px ; padding : 10 px 10 px 20 px 10 px ; border : 1 px solid # BFBFBF ; background - color : white ; - webkit-box - shadow : 2px 2px 3px rgba( 135 , 139 , 144 , 0.4 ) ; - moz-box - shadow : 2px 2px 3px rgba( 135 , 139 , 144 , 0.4 ) ; box - shadow : 2px 2px 3px rgba( 135 , 139 , 144 , 0.4 ) ; }
The actual polaroid effect itself is simply applied using padding , a border and a background colour .
We also apply a nice subtle box shadow , using a property that is supported by modern WebKit browsers and Firefox 3.5 + .
We include the box - shadow property last to ensure that future browsers that support the eventual CSS3 specified version natively will use that implementation over the legacy browser specific version .
The box - shadow property takes four values : three lengths and a colour .
The first is the horizontal offset of the shadow — positive values place the shadow on the right , while negative values place it to the left .
The second is the vertical offset , positive meaning below .
If both of these are set to 0 , the shadow is positioned equally on all four sides .
The last length value sets the blur radius — the larger the number , the blurrier the shadow ( therefore the darker you need to make the colour to have an effect ) .
The colour value can be given in any format recognised by CSS .
Here , we ’re using rgba as explained by Drew behind the first door of this year ’s calendar .
Rotation
For browsers that understand it ( currently our old favourites WebKit and FF3.5 + ) we can add some visual flair by rotating the image , using the transform CSS 3 property .
- webkit - transform : rotate ( 9deg ) ; - moz - transform : rotate ( 9deg ) ; transform : rotate ( 9deg ) ;
Rotations can be specified in degrees , radians ( rads ) or grads .
WebKit also supports turns unfortunately Firefox does n’t just yet .
For our example , we want any polaroid images on the left hand side to be rotated in the opposite direction , using a negative degree value :
.pull-left.polaroid { - webkit - transform : rotate ( - 9deg ) ; - moz - transform : rotate ( - 9deg ) ; transform : rotate ( - 9deg ) ; }
Multiple class selectors do n’t work in IE6 but as luck would have it , the transform property does n’t work in any current IE version either .
The above code is a good example of progressive enrichment : browsers that do n’t support box - shadow or transform will still see the image and basic polaroid effect .
Animation
WebKit is unique amongst browser rendering engines in that it allows animation to be specified in pure CSS .
Although this may never actually make it in to the CSS 3 specification , it degrades nicely and more importantly is an awful lot of fun !
Let ’s go nuts .
In the next demo , the image is contained within a link and mousing over that link causes the polaroid to animate from being angled to being straight .
Here ’s our new markup :
< a href= " http://www.flickr.com/photos/nataliedowne/2340993237/ " class= " polaroid " > < img src= " ../img/raft.jpg " alt= " " >
White water rafting in Queenstown </a>
And here are the relevant lines of CSS :
a.polaroid { /* ... */ - webkit-transform : rotate ( 10deg ) ; - webkit- transition : - webkit- transform 0.5s ease - in ; } a.polaroid : hover , a.polaroid : focus , a.polaroid : active { /* ... */ - webkit-transform : rotate ( 0deg ) ; }
The @ - webkit - transition@ property is the magic wand that sets up the animation .
It takes three values : the property to be animated , the duration of the animation and a ‘ timing function ’ ( which affects the animation ’s acceleration , for a smoother effect ) .
- webkit - transition only takes affect when the specified property changes .
In pure CSS , this is done using dynamic pseudo - classes .
You can also change the properties using JavaScript , but that ’s a story for another time .
Throwing polaroids at a table
Imagine there are lots of differently sized polaroid photos scattered on a table .
That ’s the effect we are aiming for with our next demo .
As an aside : we are using absolute positioning to arrange the images inside a flexible width container ( with a minimum and maximum width specified in pixels ) .
As some are positioned from the left and some from the right when you resize the browser they shuffle underneath each other .
This is an effect used on the UX London site .
This demo uses a darker colour shadow with more transparency than before .
The grey shadow in the previous example worked fine , but it was against a solid background .
Since the images are now overlapping each other , the more opaque shadow looked fake .
- webkit - box - shadow : 2px 2px 4px rgba( 0,0 , 0 , 0.3 ) ; - moz - box - shadow : 2px 2px 4px rgba( 0,0 , 0 , 0.3 ) ; box - shadow : 2px 2px 4px rgba( 0,0 , 0 , 0.3 ) ;
On hover , as well as our previous trick of animating the image rotation back to straight , we are also making the shadow darker and setting the z - index to be higher than the other images so that it appears on top .
And Finally …
Finally , for a bit more fun , we ’re going to simulate the images coming towards you and lifting off the page .
We ’ll achieve this by making them grow larger and by offsetting the shadow & making it longer .
Screenshot 1 shows the default state , while 2 shows our previous hover effect .
Screenshot 3 is the effect we are aiming for , illustrated by demo 4 .
a.polaroid { /* ... */ z-index : 2 ; - webkit-box - shadow : 2px 2px 4px rgba( 0,0 , 0 , 0.3 ) ; - moz - box - shadow : 2px 2px 4px rgba( 0,0 , 0 , 0.3 ) ; box - shadow : 2px 2px 4px rgba( 0,0 , 0 , 0.3 ) ; - webkit- transform : rotate ( 10deg ) ; - moz - transform : rotate ( 10deg ) ; transform : rotate ( 10deg ) ; - webkit - transition : all 0.5s ease - in ; } a.polaroid : hover , a.polaroid : focus , a.polaroid : active { z-index : 999 ; border - color : # 6A6A6A ; - webkit-box - shadow : 15 px 15 px 20 px rgba( 0,0 , 0 , 0.4 ) ; - moz-box - shadow : 15 px 15 px 20 px rgba( 0,0 , 0 , 0.4 ) ; box - shadow : 15 px 15 px 20 px rgba( 0,0 , 0 , 0.4 ) ; - webkit - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) scale ( 1.05 ) ; - moz - transform : rotate ( 0deg ) scale ( 1.05 ) ; transform : rotate ( 0deg ) scale ( 1.05 ) ; }
You ’ll notice we are now giving the transform property another transform function : scale , which takes increases the size by the specified factor .
Other things you can do with transform include skewing , translating or you can go mad creating your own transforms with a matrix .
The box - shadow has both its offset and blur radius increased dramatically , and is darkened using the alpha channel of the rgba colour .
And because we want the effects to all animate smoothly , we pass a value of all to the - webkit - transition property , ensuring that any changed property on that link will be animated .
Demo 5 is the finished example , bringing everything nicely together .
CSS transitions and transforms are a great example of progressive enrichment , which means improving the experience for a portion of the audience without negatively affecting other users .
They are also a lot of fun to play with !
Further reading
View Transcript
Transcript
Wally says , " The director of our top secret research group wants to borrow me for six months . "
Wally says , " During that time , you will not know where I am or what I 'm working on . "
The Boss says , " I need to hear this from the director . "
Wally says , " I 'll ask him to email you from his gmail account . "
The first thing I ever heard about Americans was that they all carried guns .
Then , when I came across people who’d had direct contact with this ferocious - sounding tribe , I learned that they were actually rather friendly .
At university , friends who had traveled in the United States came back with more detailed stories , not just of the friendliness of Americans but also of their hospitality ( which , in our quaint English way , was translated into something close to gullibility ) .
When I finally got to America myself , I found that not only were the natives friendly and hospitable , they were also incredibly polite .
No one tells you this about Americans , but once you notice it , it becomes one of their defining characteristics , especially when they ’re abroad .
This is very strange , or at least it says something strange about the way that perception routinely conforms to the preconceptions it would appear to contradict .
The archetypal American abroad is perceived as loud and crass even though actually existing American tourists are distinguished by the way they address bus drivers and bartenders as “ sir ” and are effusive in their thanks when any small service is rendered .
We look on with some confusion at these encounters because , on the one hand , the Americans seem a bit country - bumpkinish , and , on the other , good manners are a form of sophistication .
Granted , these visiting Americans often seem to have loud voices , but on closer examination , it ’s a little subtler than that .
Americans have no fear of being overheard .
Civic life in Britain is predicated on the idea that everyone just about conceals his loathing of everyone else .
To open your mouth is to risk offending someone .
So we mutter and mumble as if surrounded by informers or , more exactly , as if they are living in our heads .
In America the right to free speech is exercised freely and cordially .
The basic assumption is that nothing you say will offend anyone else because , deep down , everyone is agreed on the premise that America is better than anyplace else .
No such belief animates British life .
On the contrary .
A couple of years ago a survey indicated that British Muslims were the most fed - up of any in Europe : a sign , paradoxically , of profound assimilation .
If the typical American interaction involves an ostensibly contradictory mixture of the formal ( politeness ) , the casual and the cordial , what happens when one moves beyond the transactional ?
Like many Europeans , I always feel good about myself in America ; I feel appreciated , liked .
It took a while to realize that this had nothing to do with me .
It was about the people who made me feel this way : it was about charm .
Yes , this is the bright secret of life in the United States : Americans are not just friendly and polite — they are also charming .
And the most charming thing of all is that it rarely looks like charm .
The French put a rather charmless emphasis on charm , are consciously or unconsciously persuaded that it is either part of a display of sophistication or — and it may amount to the same thing — a tool in the service of seduction .
The clutter in our minds can prevent us from feeling good .
We ca n’t focus .
We feel like we are just spinning our wheels .
I know that when the clutter covers my brain like a fog , I feel like just giving in and surfing YouTube .
After countless times of just giving in , I decided to create a plan .
So how does a person unclutter their mind ?
I have some tools you can use on a daily basis that will help you obtain clearer thinking .
The more you use these tools , the easier it will be to maintain a clear mind .
1. Eliminate noise
I know I have a hard time focusing when there is a lot of noise around me .
You probably are easily distracted by noise too .
So , try using noise canceling headphones or ear plugs to eliminate the noises that can pull you away from your work .
2 . Find a way to laugh
A laugh releases endorphins .
These endorphins are like dead cell sweepers .
They increase the blood flow and push away the clutter .
Try going to a secluded spot , thinking about a recently funny moment and chuckling to yourself .
Once you get that laughter going , you ’ll notice the lighter feeling .
This may feel strange at first , but I promise it helps .
3 . Vent to a friend
A good friend can help clarify issues that you are facing .
I have one friend who has an uncanny talent for simplifying my problem so I can find a solution .
So find a good friend and unload your thoughts .
Even if they do n’t have any solutions , you ’ll feel more calm .
4 . Go for a walk in nature
Nature has a healing property .
It ’s hard to feel anxious when surrounded by such beauty .
Go to your local park and focus on the beauty .
The clogged up thoughts will slowly evaporate away .
5. Meditate
Meditation is one of the best ways to train your mind .
Studies have proven that taking time to be with your thoughts actually helps unclog the mind .
You are helping create new brain synapses .
These new synapses help you increase your ability to feel calm and relaxed in any situation .
6. Read Zen quotes
“ Be master of mind rather than mastered by mind ” – Zen proverb .
When I ’m feeling lost I pull out one of my Zen books and read the quotes until I find one that resonates with my soul .
Then I post it on Twitter to share it with my audience .
7 . Make a list
There are days when you are probably trying to hold so much information that you lock up your ability to make forward progress .
Write down all your worries and fears then stash it away .
You ’ll feel a weight lifted off your shoulders .
I like to keep my worries and fears for a month and set a reminder on my calendar to look at it in a month .
75 % of the things on the list end up being things that did n’t even matter to me any more after a month had passed .
8. Clear away the visual clutter
When I have trouble writing , I clear away my workspace and in the process my mind starts to clear out too .
When I ’m done I ’m ready to write .
It ’s interesting how a clean work environment will help me stay focused .
9 . Take 10 deep breaths
When you begin to feel overwhelmed and you ca n’t think , this is the best time to stop and take 10 deep breaths .
When doing this , make sure you are n’t working on anything else .
Allow these slow deep breaths to relax your muscles and mind .
10 . Let go
Much of our clutter is due to the fact we ca n’t let go .
It ’s really the basis of meditation .
Letting go of the unnecessary so we can enjoy the present moment .
Practice letting go of your thoughts and emotions .
Let yourself come back to center .
Next time you are at your desk , worrying about a project or co-worker – tell yourself to just let go and enjoy where you are .
What do you use to unclutter your mind ?
* Join over 500 people who have already subscribed to the FREE Happy at Work 10 Week eCourse .
It will arrive in your inbox every Monday morning , when you need it the most .
( Sign up is in the top left corner )
* James of Men with Pens wrote an interesting piece called Are your clients really getting your best ?
If you enjoyed this post then you will probably like this one too :
- 5 Reasons to Stop Trying to be Perfect
- How do I make my people happy ?
Image courtesy of h.koppdelaney
Ken Burns to update baseball film
Posted Friday , January 8 , 2010 11:28 pm
WALPOLE , N.H. --
Distinguished filmmaker Ken Burns is taking one of his classic pieces out of the vault to update the series for 2010 .
Burns , the Walpole resident known for his award - winning films such as " Jazz " and " The Civil War , " is rejuvenating his PBS documentary " Baseball " to bring the well - known series up to the 2009 major league season .
The Emmy Award - winning film debuted in 1994 and was seen by more than 48 million viewers .
" We 're very excited about this project , it 's got some great energy to it , " said Burns in an interview with the Reformer .
Originally broken into nine segments ( one for each inning in a baseball game ) , Burns said he will update the film with " The Tenth Inning , " focusing on the player strike in 1994 , the New York Yankees dynasty and the team 's new stadium , the role of the game following the Sept. 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , the revival of the Boston Red Sox and the emergence of Latin American and Asian players in the major leagues .
According to Burns , the updated portion will also include the so - called steroid era in America 's Pastime when the use of performance - enhancing drugs in Major League Baseball tested the loyalty of many fans from coast to coast .
In the aftermath of steroids , baseball now has the toughest drug - testing policies of any major sport , said Burns , and the game has never been more successful or profitable .
" We thought it was important to deal with it , but now I think we 're thrilled to be able to report that we are on the backside of the story , " he added .
Article Continues After Advertisement
The film will also feature interviews from several well - known players , including longtime Cleveland Indians shortstop Omar Vizquel and Seattle Mariners outfielder Ichiro Suzuki , former Yankees and current Los Angeles Dodgers manager Joe Torre and writers Marcos Breton and Howard Bryant .
Interviewees from the original series , such as Roger Angell , Gerald Early and Doris Kearns Goodwin , will also return to lend their perspectives on the latest developments in the game .
Article Continues After These Ads
Once completed , the " Tenth Inning " -- broken into a pair of two - hour programs -- will coincide with a re-broadcast of the original series .
Burns said a new chapter will also appear in the book version sometime in the future .
The original documentary begins with the early forms of the game from the mid-19th century through the deadball era up until the 1992 World Series featuring the Toronto Blue Jays win over the Philadelphia Phillies , but with so much happening in the sport over the past 16 years , " I just felt it was time to revisit it again , " said Burns .
" So much has transpired in baseball since we last examined the game and all of its many nuances , " he said .
" Above all , this new installment furthers a sense of celebration and introspection around one of our nation 's greatest institutions , the seemingly simple stick and ball game whose infinite variations and possibilities have entranced our ever - changing nation for nearly 200 years . "
While Burns has said he would never update any of his works , the baseball documentary always held a special place in his heart .
Article Continues After Advertisement
The game of baseball , he said , is " a story of America " and is " present in my life everyday . "
It is a story of race , a story of greed and corruption and triumph filled with heroes and villains and fools that covers many social aspects that are an important part of this country 's history , he added .
While originally projected to premiere in the spring , Burns said it is expected to broadcast this September just as the pennant races are heating up .
" We just know the broadcast will take place in the fall on public television , " he said .
Burns debuted his latest film , " The National Parks : America 's Best Idea , " at the Bellows Falls Opera House in July 2009 to benefit the Student Conservation Association and the Walpole Historical Society .
The six - part film premiered on PBS affiliates nationwide in September and was met with great critical praise and much fanfare from nature enthusiasts .
At this point , Burns said there are no plans in the works to hold a similar debut within the region for the updated baseball documentary .
Chris Garofolo can be reached at cgarofolo@reformer.com or 802-254-2311 , ext. 275 .
A new report by VoxEU provides some detailed perspectives on just how bad the collapse in world trade has been as a result of the last year 's events .
In a nutshell : the current Great Recession / Depression has plunged the world into an unprecedented collapse of global trade , with the resultant blowing of liquidity bubbles having been the only way for individual governments to respond to this massive loss of GDP .
And while drops in world trade are nothing new , with a 5 % drop in the 1982 and 2001 periods , as well as a more severe 11 % contraction in the 1970s , the current plunge of over 15 %
YoY is truly unprecedented and demonstrates the fragile nature of " globalization . "
What the outcome of this fact will be , depends entirely on the traditional dynamo of world economic growth - the US consumer , and unfortunately he is still down for the count .
From the VoxEU report :
Global trade has dropped before ?
three times since WWII ?
but this is by far the largest .
As Figure 1 shows , global trade fell for at least three quarters during three of the worldwide recessions that have occurred since 1965 ?
the oil - shock recession of 1974 - 75 , the inflation - defeating recession of 1982 - 83 , and the Tech - Wreck recession of 2001 - 02 .
Specifically :
The 1982 and 2001 drops were comparatively mild , with growth from the previous year ’s quarter reaching - 5 % at the most .
The 1970s event was twice that size , with growth stumbling to - 11 % .
Today 's collapse is much worse ; for two quarters in a row , world trade flows have been 15 % below their previous year levels .
On the steepness of the current collapse :
The great trade collapse is not as large as that of the Great Depression , but it is much steeper .
It took 24 months in the Great Depression for world trade to fall as far as it fell in the 9 months from November 2008 .
On the synchronicity of the collapse , which is most troubling , as while the benefits of globalization have been widely extolled previously , this is one of the most troubling adverse side - effects :
All 104 nations on which the WTO reports data experienced a drop in both imports and exports during the second half of 2008 and the first half of 2009 .
? Figure 3 shows how imports and exports collapsed for the EU27 and 10 other nations that together account for three - quarters of world trade ; each of these trade flows dropped by more than 20 % from 2008Q2 to 2009Q2 ; many fell 30 %
or more .
or more .
?
World trade in almost every product category was positive in 2008Q2 , almost all were negative in 2008Q4 and all where negative in 2009Q1 ( Figure 4 ) .
On the causes of the " Great Trade Collapse " :
The great trade collapse was triggered by ?
and helped spread ?
the global economic slump that has come to be called " The Great Recession . "
As the left panel of Figure 7 shows , the OECD nations slipped into recession in this period , with the largest importing markets ?
the US , EU and Japan ( the G3 ) ?
seeing their GDP growth plummet more or less in synch .
The US and Europe saw negative GDP growth rates of 3 to 4 % ; Japan was hit far worse .
Another very relevant topic : why have GDPs not followed the trade collapse to the same degree :
Given the global recession , a drop in global trade is unsurprising .
The question is : Why so big ?
The chapter by Caroline Freund shows that during the four large , postwar recessions ( 1975 , 1982 , 1991 , and 2001 ) world trade dropped 4.8 times more than GDP ( also see Freund 2009 ) .
This time the drop was far , far larger .
From an historical perspective ( Figure 8 ) , the drop is astonishing .
The figure shows the trade - to - GDP ratio rising steeply in the late 1990s before stagnating in the new century right up to the great trade collapse in 2008 .
The rise in the 1990s is explained by a number of factors including trade liberalisation .
A key driver , however , was the establishment of international supply chains ( manufacturing was geographically unbundled with various slices of the value - added process being placed in nearby nations ) .
This unbundling meant that the same valueadded crossed borders several times .
In a simple international supply chain , imported parts would be transformed into exported components which were in turn assembled into final goods and exported again , so the trade figures counted the final value added several times .
As we shall see , the presences of these highly integrated and tightly synchronised production networks plays an important role in the nature of the great trade collapse .
As for the implications of the collapse :
What does the great trade collapse mean for the world economy ?
The authors of this Ebook present a remarkable consensus on this .
Three points are repeatedly stressed : Global trade imbalances are a problem that needs to be tackled .
One group of authors ( see the chapters by Fred Bergsten , by Anne Krueger , and by Jeff Frieden ) sees them as one the root causes of the Subprime crisis .
They worry that allowing them to continue is setting up the world for another global economic crisis .
Fred Bergsten in particular argues that the US must get its federal budget deficit in order to avoid laying the carpet for the next crisis .
Another group points to the combination of Asian trade surpluses and persistent high unemployment in the US and Europe as a source of protectionist pressures ( see the chapters by Caroline Freund , by Simon Evenett , and by Richard Baldwin and Daria Taglioni ) .
The chapter by O’Rourke notes that avoiding a protectionist backlash will require that i ) the slump ends soon , and ii ) severe exchange rate misalignments at a time of rising unemployment are avoided .
Governments should guard against compliancy in their vigil against protectionism .
Most authors mention the point that while new protectionism to date has had a modest trade effect , things need not stay that way .
The chapter by Simon Evenett is particularly clear on this point .
There is much work to be done before economists fully understand the great trade collapse , but the chapters in this Ebook constitute a first draft of the consensus that will undoubtedly emerge from the pages of scientific journals in two or three years time .
One simple way to look at the globalized chain of events is that even as trade has collapsed , CBs have turned on the liquidity spigot , and the resulting rush to risky assets has moderated to a large extent a collapse in GDP which would have certainly resulted in a global depression of unprecedented proportions .
It is early to say if this consequence has so far been avoided .
Yet with excess liquidity being a presumably transient phenomenon , the traditional driver of economic growth , end user consumption and purchasing , has to resume .
Alas , as Obama himself has pointed out , the US consumer will be out for the count for an indefinite period , and without that critical cog in the global economy , all other measures are merely band aid temporary solutions .
The major debate in the economic community right now is whether the temporary fixes will be sufficient to get the consumer out of hiding .
Yet with wage deflation and unemployment still surging , the likelihood of a favorable outcome grows dimmer by the month .
And with systemic shocks like Dubai threatening to destabilize the fragile state of the world economy as we saw so vividly last week , a global economy priced to perfection may be just taking the policy of " hope " one step too far .
Full VoxEU report together with relevant essays .
Do the Hard Stuff
By Gina Simmons , Ph.D .
As a child I was blessed with two friends who profoundly inspired me .
Michelle , blind from birth , was one of the most popular girls in the school .
With exquisite auditory acuity , she recognized voices and would shout out across the quad , “ how ya doin ’ Gina ! ” before I ever saw her .
She remembered everyone ’s names , shared jokes while miraculously maneuvering independently with her cane .
Sherry , another great friend , had cerebral palsy .
Her speech and muscle coordination made walking a challenge , and speaking clearly a struggle .
Cruel children teased her , imitating her slurred speech and lop - sided walk .
Sherry never complained .
Instead she would say , “ is n’t it a beautiful day ? ”
Michelle and Sherry demonstrate the characteristics of resilient people described by Dr. Al Siebert author of The Resiliency Advantage .
Both displayed high levels of empathy , had strong loving relationships , and adapted quickly to change .
Faced with serious hardships , both women avoided anger and self pity .
Instead they actively maintained friendships , worked hard in school , and earned the respect and admiration of many .
Those of us without major physical limitations can learn from people like Michelle and Sherry when life throws a few curve balls our way .
If you ’ve been downsized , out - sourced or canned , fight the tendency to fuel anger and self - pity .
Instead , look for something positive about your situation .
Even if you feel worried , focusing on a few positives gets your mind thinking creatively .
Positive thinking generates energy that you can use to score your next job .
Here are a few advantages to unemployment :
More time for hobbies or interests like gardening , art , music , sports .
Freedom to see friends and family more frequently .
Can sleep in and get more exercise .
Can learn a new skill , like a foreign language .
Yes , it ’s hard , but as Tom Hanks said in A League of Their Own , “ It ’s the hard that makes it good ! ”
Making it through difficult times raises our self - confidence .
Character is carved out of the crusty clay of hardship .
Earning your own money feels better than winning it .
It raises your self - esteem .
Winning a game against a tough opponent feels better than winning against a less worthy opponent .
It ’s the hard that makes it good .
Another friend of mine , Dr. Kai Paul Swigart , counseled 13 year old surfer Bethany Hamilton after she lost her arm in a shark attack .
Dr. Swigart is a psychotherapist , musician and recording artist .
He plays several instruments , composes and sings .
Kai is also legally blind .
He dedicated a song to Bethany called “ Blessing in Disguise . ” ( You can hear me sing on his Help The People CD ) .
In her memoir , Soul Surfer : A True Story of Faith , Family and Fighting to Get Back on the Board Bethany describes meeting Dr. Swigart .
He told her he saw his lack of sight as an advantage .
It improved his memory , increased his creativity , and directed him toward deeper matters .
Bethany writes , “ Courage does n’t mean you do n’t get afraid .
Courage means you do n’t let fear stop you . ”
Bethany still wins awards and inspires both in the water and out .
If you ’d like to learn how to increase your resilience to the slings and arrows of life take a resilience quiz at The Resiliency Center .
Check out The Survivor ’s Club for resources to combat adversity .
To help kids learn resilience check out the American Psychological Association ’s Lessons in Resilience .
If times feel tough for you now , turn off the T.V. and get moving doing something challenging .
Television equates “ easy ” with good .
Too much T.V. makes us depressed and anxious .
Instead put down the remote and do the hard stuff .
BEIJING  Google ’s declaration that it would stop cooperating with Chinese Internet censorship and consider shutting down its operations in China ricocheted around the world on Wednesday .
But in China itself , the news was heavily censored .
Some big Chinese news portals initially carried a short dispatch on Google ’s announcement , but that account soon tumbled from the headlines , and later reports omitted Google ’s references to “ free speech ” and “ surveillance . ”
The only government response came later in the day from Xinhua , the official news agency , which ran a brief item quoting an anonymous official who was “ seeking more information on Google ’s statement that it could quit China . ”
Google linked its decision to sophisticated cyberattacks on its computer systems that it suspected originated in China and that were aimed , at least in part , at the Gmail accounts of Chinese human rights activists .
The OxyMoron , Rush Limbaugh , is always bitching and moaning about welfare recipients , slamming any working person who gets any kind of assistance from the government .
Limbaugh 's hysterical screeds about the evils of " welfare " seem to get more extreme with each passing year .
On Sept. 1 , 2005 , Rush even blamed " the welfare and entitlement thinking of government " for the humanitarian disaster that hit New Orleans in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
But note that Rush only has a problem with poor people who get welfare .
Exempt from his criticism are the rich , the politically - connected , and the corporations , who really collect most of the welfare in this country .
Our country 's military war profiteers get vastly more welfare than all America 's poor people combined .
How many billions of dollars in closed , no - bid contracts did Halliburton alone receive in the Iraq War ?
And they 're merely one of the pig - like , greedy corporations with their snouts at the trough of the bloated , wasteful Military Industrial Complex .
Of course , Rush also exempts himself from his screeds about welfare .
After all , the Pig - Man gets loads of welfare himself .
Indeed , Limbaugh 's entire business is dependent on totally free usage of the public airwaves that WE THE PEOPLE own collectively .
Rush and his backers do n't pay a penny for using OUR property .
The airwaves we own are every bit as much a tangible asset as real estate or gold .
And Rush gets to use it to spread his disgusting hate speech for free .
And it 's not like Rush 's corporate backers are so broke that they could n't afford to pay at least a small nominal fee to use our airwaves .
( After all , these people just recently signed Rush up for a new contract that will pay him an eye - popping $ 400 million , on top of the tens of millions Limbaugh has already pocketed over the years ) .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
THOSE who believe trends start on the West Coast and are perfected on the East Coast might add to their argument a garden planned for an elementary school in Brooklyn .
This summer , supporters will tear up a quarter - acre of asphalt parking lot behind P.S. 216 in the Gravesend neighborhood and start building the first New York affiliate of the Edible Schoolyard program , developed by the restaurateur Alice Waters of Chez Panisse .
It ’s a $ 1.6 - million architect ’s dream .
A new building , powered by the sun , will hold a kitchen classroom with communal tables where children can share meals they make from food they grow in the garden .
Designers from the Work Architecture Company have incorporated a chicken coop , a composting system , an outdoor pizza oven and a cistern to collect rainwater .
A movable greenhouse will be rolled out each fall .
Sometimes it happens that you have been planning to cook a particular recipe for days , but once you get to cooking it , you find out that one of the ...
The Other Side of the Tracks France 's SNCF Muscles in on German Rail Market
As of Jan. 1 , long - distance passenger rail services are completely deregulated within the EU .
The French state - owned rail company SNCF is preparing to muscle in on the territory of its neighboring competitor , Deutsche Bahn .
The German national railway company is hoping for help from the government .
Mass Effect 2 ; one of my favorite games of all time .
A game , that improves upon the first so drastically , that it feels like a different game .
Mass Effect 2 ; one of my favorite games of all time .
A game , that improves upon the first so drastically , that it feels like a different game .
People will say that it lost too much of the RPG element , but I believe that it combines the RPG element and adds more shooter elements perfectly .
The characters are still amazing , the story is even better than before , and the combat is the best ever .
The game got rid of the annoying equipment menu in favor for a load out you select before starting a mission .
While it was nice to select different weapons mid mission , the fact that that menu is gone is a plus .
Speaking of equipment , without DLC's , the weapon selection is bare at best .
The enemy is even tougher than before , and the final suicide mission is epic to say the least .
To elaborate on the characters a bit more , they add more characters with even more depth , and you 're able to meet up with a few of your friends from the last game .
The loyalty missions are a vast improvement from the first game , and the dialogue is still one of the best features of the game .
The cover system was fixed thankfully and makes combat much more fluid .
As far as the story based DLC's are concerned , they are good and add to the story , and while I agree that they should have been in the main game from the start , they are worth the money .
Overall , it is the best game in the trilogy and has minimal drawbacks that do n't detract from the 10/10 score .
…
Expand
We love your pets !
If your pets are not aggressive , feel free to let them play around while we do our job !
You love your pets , and we do too !
I Guess So ( by Stuart Whelan )
The company I worked for was hiring a C++ developer , and I was assigned the job of hiring the candidates .
When the scheduled start time of 1:30 PM came and went , I went to the lobby to see if there was a scheduling mix up .
At around 1:50 , while I was chatting with the receptionist , a disheveled fellow walked in the door .
" Is this Omni- tech ? " he asked .
Subtly looking at the giant wall relief with our logo , I assured him it was .
" You must be Gary , " I asked .
He nodded , and then walked right back outside .
The receptionist and I stared at each other in disbelief and watched him walk to the parking lot and get into a car .
He sat there talking with the passenger for a few minutes and then rushed back through our door .
" Okay then , " he said , exasperated , " I 'm reporting for my interview ! "
" Your one - thirty interview , " I asked .
He nodded , " I am a bit late . "
Though I had pretty much made up my mind about this candidate , I figured the least I could do is give him an interview .
So we walked to the conference room and got started .
I generally start with the " generic " question and then move on to the technical ones , so I started off with " so Gary , would you describe yourself as a motivated person ? "
" Um ... " he thought about it for several seconds , while staring up at the ceiling , " yeah , I guess so . "
The interview pretty much went downhill from there , though his last answer was just as memorable as his first .
I asked him what attracted him to the position .
" I really like the idea of C++ , because of its reusable objects . " he said , " I am really into the environment at the moment , and C++ appeals to me because you can recycle other peoples code .
It is much more environmentally friendly . "
I sat for a moment waiting for the punchline , but it never came .
Computer Skills ( from Caleb )
At my company , we send out a simple programming questionnaire to filter out candidates that we do n't want to interview for a standard .
NET / ASP.NET position .
Some of the questions require code , and some of the other questions are simple essay questions .
One question we like to ask is " if you were going to create a new social networking site , what technologies would you use and why ? " .
The question is meant to see if they just respond back with an answer like " ASP .
NET , SQL Server and Ajax " or if they go into more depth and discuss that you might consider an open source stack if you need to scale to millions of users .
Either answer is fine at this stage , but the answer tells us a bit about how the candidate thinks .
One particular candidate answered the question as follows
Planning to open a social networking site .
Firstly , lookout for people with computer skills to help us .
As you may know a domain name is just a name , not a real website .
If you are going to create your website : 1 - Buy a domain name .
To get a domain name , you have to pay an annual fee to a registrar for the right to use that name .
2 - Buy a web hosting service to provide your online space and enable you to get your website online at your purchased domain name .
If you want to start your website I recommend purchase your domain and hosting together .
In this way it is possible to get your domain for free .
Some hosting services offer this gift today .
They also offer " Free Site Builder " that helps you build your web pages without difficulty if you are not skilled in using any website creating program .
( WYSIWYG : What You See Is What You Get )
Strangely enough , his other answers were fairly well - written and easy to understand .
A quick google , however , search found that he copy - and - pasted answers from other web sites for 95 % of the other questions .
He even left behind links from the pages he copied from in the word doc .
Needless to say , we did n't call him in for an interview .
The Temporary Offices ( by Maxim )
I had left plenty of time to make the interview , and I was happy about that .
The company 's offices were on a side street in a run-down former - industrial park .
Eventually , I found the unmarked door and buzzed my way in .
After climbing some metal stairs I met the receptionist who asked me to take a seat .
Turning around , the seat turned out to be a busted sofa with a grubby paint - spotted dust sheet over it , which I tried to interpret as a homely small - company thing .
As I sat there I surveyed piles of binders on top of cardboard document boxes on top of filing cabinets , acting as a wall to delineate the reception area .
Soon enough I was brought to the meeting room , which allowed me to survey trailing chained multi-way AC outlets across the bare concrete floor and network cables dangling from the exposed AC ducts , the unfinished brick walls and yet more piles of documents acting as walls .
The interview went mostly okay and I aced the programming test .
But then , near the usual " any questions " question , things took a turn for the worst .
" So , I can see these offices are temporary , " I asked , " when are you expecting to move ? "
He gave a confused look .
" What do you mean , " temporary ? "
" Well , with the trailing wires and piles of binders — "
" We 've been here two years , " he interrupted , " we designed the decor this way especially and I think it 's quite stylish . "
Somehow the interview wrapped up very quickly and I never heard back .
Early speculation focused on the Abobe Reader zero -day exploit as the source of the Chinese attacks on Google and other corporations earlier this week , but Adobe may be off the hook -- or at least share the blame .
Microsoft has determined that an unknown flaw in Internet Explorer was one of the holes used to launch the attacks which have led to Google threatening to shut down its Chinese operations .
Microsoft Security Response Center director Mike Reavey said in an e-mailed statement " This afternoon , Microsoft issued Security Advisory 979352 to help customers mitigate a Remote Code Execution ( RCE ) vulnerability in Internet Explorer .
The company has determined that Internet Explorer was one of the vectors used in targeted and sophisticated attacks targeted against Google and other corporate networks . "
Reavey continued " Microsoft continues to work with Google , other industry partners and authorities to actively investigate this issue .
To date , Microsoft has not seen widespread customer impact , rather only targeted and limited attacks exploiting IE 6 . "
The revelation of the zero - day bug in Internet Explorer , and the release of the security advisory from Microsoft , comes just two days after Microsoft 's regularly scheduled Patch Tuesday for the month of January .
Coincidentally , Adobe also issued a security update this past Tuesday which addresses the zero- day flaw in Adobe Reader that has been exploited in - the - wild since at least mid-December .
Microsoft is continuing to investigate the issue , and no patch or update has yet been issued , but the security advisory from Microsoft does contain some mitigating factors you can focus on to protect your PC 's from this flaw in the meantime :
• Protected Mode in IE7 on Windows Vista limits the impact of the vulnerability .
• In a Web - based attack scenario , an attacker could host a webpage that is used to exploit this vulnerability or do so via a webpage that accepts or hosts user - provided content or advertisements .
In all cases , however , an attacker would have no way to force users to visit these websites and would have to convince them to do so , which is typically achieved via an e-mail or instant message .
• By default , Internet Explorer on Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2008 runs in a restricted mode that is known as Enhanced Security Configuration .
This mode sets the security level for the Internet zone to High and so is a mitigating factor for websites that you have not added to the Internet Explorer Trusted sites zone .
• An attacker who successfully exploited this vulnerability could gain the same user rights as the local user .
Users whose accounts are configured to have fewer user rights on the system could be less affected than users who operate with administrative user rights .
• By default , all supported versions of Outlook , Outlook Express , and Windows Mail open HTML e-mail messages in the Restricted sites zone , which should mitigate attacks trying to exploit this vulnerability by preventing Active Scripting and ActiveX controls from being used .
However , if a user clicks a link in an e-mail message , the user could still be vulnerable to exploitation of this vulnerability through the Web - based attack scenario .
" It could also be possible to display specially crafted Web content using banner advertisements or other methods to deliver Web content to affected systems .
The Microsoft investigation concluded that setting the Internet zone security setting to " high " will protect users from the vulnerability addressed in this advisory , " added Reavey .
There is no indication from Microsoft yet about whether we should expect an out - of - band patch to address this issue before the next regularly - scheduled Patch Tuesday , but I would n't be surprised .
Take a look at the security advisory and take the appropriate steps to protect your PC 's from the Internet Explorer vulnerability .
You should also apply the Adobe security update to protect your systems from the Adobe Reader zero - day exploit .
For more details on this issue , you can visit the Microsoft Security Research Center ( MSRC ) blog and The Microsoft blog .
Microsoft has committed to actively monitor the situation and will post updates and additional guidance as more details are uncovered .
Tony Bradley tweets as @PCSecurityNews , and can be contacted at his Facebook page .
One Olympic swimmer has a D - cup breast size .
From a physiological standpoint , she ’s at a disadvantage to a swimmer who ’s an A - cup .
If she amputated her breasts to become more streamlined , would we consider her crazy , or worse , a cheater ?
The Amazons , after all , amputated their left breast so it would n’t impede their skill in archery .
Though athletes have taken some truly crazy stuff to have an advantage , nobody ’s gone so far as elective amputation .
Advertisement
I ’ve spent the better part of my lifetime trying to get out from under an idea of being “ disabled , ” and the baggage that comes with that label .
( Look it up in a thesaurus if you want a taste of what I mean . )
As of yet , the best prosthetic available is not as efficient and not as capable as what Mother Nature gives us — or , what she was supposed to give me , and South African sprinter Oscar Pistorius .
The revolutionary design of the woven carbon - fiber Cheetah Leg , nicknamed for its design inspiration , has been in existence for nearly 15 years — and after my initial triumphs with them in the mid 1990s , it has been the leg of choice for nearly all elite amputee sprinters .
But in one instant , after Pistorius entered a summer 2007 track meet in Rome and placed second in a field of runners possessing flesh and bone legs , he and I were deemed too abled .
Commence the comical nightmare of being told that we now possess an “ unfair advantage ” in wearing prosthetic limbs to run .
The scores of amputee sprinters who had competed with the limbs for the previous 13 years — and were still comfortably categorized as “ disabled ” — were virtually ignored .
What is fascinating is the immediate shift in society ’s regard of a disabled athlete as an “ inspiration ” ( cue the patronizing “ awwwww ” ) to a legitimate threat to other athletes ( “ Uh , what the hell do we do now ? ” ) .
Advertisement
The first obvious issue for me was the deliberate ignoring of the truly excellent athletic feat performed by Pistorius and the insistence that if he could beat able - bodied athletes , “ it must be the legs . ”
Look , I also beat a few able - bodied athletes when I ran Division I track in college , and so have plenty of other well - trained amputees in the last decade .
The difference is , none of us have ever posted his times .
Bottom line :
If it were just the legs making us superfast , I would have done a decade ago what he ’s doing now , and so would others .
Oscar ’s not running with any different technology than what I ran with 14 years ago .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The modern sports ethos that we ’ve constructed is based upon increasing advantages .
Because certainly , in so many sports , we have pushed past natural human function to facilitate a more exciting game — better times , better performance .
But where does an advantage become unfair ?
The crux of that question lays under the umbrella of ethics , which should indeed govern our rule structure within the competitive arena , but there ’s something in this story which specifically points toward a deep - seated fear , one we do n’t want to talk about in polite conversation , one which parallels historical instances of racial integration of sport and gender integration of sport .
If we allow a person , one who we view as our inferior ( in whatever way ) , to play with us , and then that person beats us , what does that say about us ?
In the 1930s , Jesse Owens and Joe Louis blew the lid off common thinking of how “ capable ” an athlete of African descent was compared to an athlete of European descent , although the beginning of league integration took a decade more to achieve , and in some sports another three decades .
It was as recent as 2003 when some members of the PGA balked at Annika Sorenstam ’s quest to compare her talent to the best men in the world , admitting their fear of how it might feel to have a woman beat them , an embarrassing display of archaic thinking .
Advertisement
In 2001 , golfer Casey Martin , who played with a degenerative circulatory leg condition that made it nearly impossible to walk an 18 - hole course , successfully won a Supreme Court decision allowing him to use a cart as an acceptable assistive medical device .
The PGA Tour fought Martin for years , saying all pro golfers must walk because uniform rules are essential for the integrity of the sport .
“ Accommodating Martin with a golf cart will not fundamentally change the game , ” Justice John Paul Stevens wrote for a 7 - 2 majority .
What keeps percolating for me is this perceived discrepancy between advantage and “ unfair ” advantage .
It ’s absurd to look at a star line - up of athletes and think that they all have an equal shot .
We do n’t cry foul play when an athlete from the United States , with the best access to training facilities , coaching staffs , and nutritional science is up against someone from say … Uzkbekistan .
It ’s tough luck that 5 ' 11 " Tyson Gay has to line up against a 6 ' 5 " Usain Bolt .
Advertisement
It makes me twitch when we talk about “ a level playing field . ”
No two athletes are the same genetically and environmentally , and the mental and emotional factors they ’ve endured in their life are relevant in their performance , too .
The only reason athletes today are better than those of decades ago is because of science and technology :
We know exactly what and when to feed our bodies for maximum energy , we have lighter shoes and better bikes and new rubberized track surfaces and ( legal ) supplements and altitude training .
We are upping the ante each Olympic year with “ smarter ” design of an athlete ’s tools , both inside and outside the body .
A whopping 74 world records were broken last year between March and November with the Speedo Fastskin LZR Racer suit .
74 !
Do you wonder if Mark Spitz is annoyed that his times are compared to those of athletes using something he did n’t have the opportunity to use or wear ?
Advertisement
My interest was piqued in the latest version of the Fastskin LZR suit , an R&D collaboration with NASA .
From the initial press releases to subsequent monthly articles , whatever I could find describing it was overwhelmingly celebratory : Writers cooed about the sharkskin - inspired biometric fiber panels for less drag in the water , and its corset - like torso construction , enabling a swimmer to compress their physique and keep better , more supported form during fatigue , making them markedly more efficient in the water .
Advertisement
Very , very few writers brought up any kind of ethical concern of such a tool like this suit until after the Beijing Olympics , choosing to focus on the race between swimwear companies to develop their own supersuit .
Even then , the majority of articles on swimming were marveling at how Michael Phelps says he “ literally felt like a rocket coming off the wall ” using the device .
Jason Rance , the lead designer on this Speedo suit , commented , “ It ’s part of the evolution of the sport , and it ’s really exciting for swimmers .
They say they feel like Superman . ”
After the ensuing arms - race to out - do the performance of the Speedo , the Americans and Australians led a protest to FINA , the governing body of swimming .
In July of this year , FINA banned the full - length suit , having the suit stop at the knee instead , and mandated that all must be constructed of a “ textile , ” which is in itself an incredibly ambiguous , vague rule .
The ban will take effect in January 2010 , and — most intriguing — FINA will allow all records set with the suits to stand .
Advertisement
Let ’s think about Tiger Woods having not one , but two LASIK surgeries to achieve 20 / 15 vision , when what we consider the best of natural vision to be is a mere 20 / 20 .
Before his first LASIK surgery , Woods had lost 16 straight tournaments .
Immediately following the surgery , he won 7 of his next 10 .
Advantage through technology , or not ?
Advertisement
On a company website he endorses , there ’s a quote from Tiger after his first LASIK surgery , and I found what he said remarkable on a few levels .
He said :
For years I played golf with an invisible handicap , invisible to everyone but me .
It was my contact lenses .
My eyes would sting burn and water all the while I was trying to concentrate on championship golf .
I had the Lasik procedure with a TLC laser eye center surgeon and the results were fabulous .
I ’m 20/20 with no contacts .
My vision is so crisp I feel I can read all the subtleties of the green and look down the fairway hundreds of yards and focus perfectly on the fly .
I ’m very happy with the results , and grateful for my TLC center experience .
Advertisement
The first remarkable aspect of this is that for him , the “ handicap ” was the ineptitude of the contact lenses - it was n’t the fact that he was visually impaired – a - 11 , considered the worst 1 % of all nearsighted people , legally blind without corrective glasses or contacts .
I rather love that insight into Tiger ’s philosophy of his own talent .
The second is his own literal description of being able to now clearly see – without the impediment of burning , stinging eyes — hundreds of yards down the fairway thanks to his technological altering .
He himself declares the advantage .
Advertisement
“ Invisible to everyone but me . ”
So is that why nobody ’s up in arms , the fact that you ca n’t see his augmentation ?
Is that why nobody ’s challenging this medical method which assists him in achieving dominance in golf ?
Of course , in the same way that my running legs do n’t power themselves , Tiger ’s new eyes do n’t power and execute a beautiful swing .
His athletic talent is further revealed and enabled than what it would have been under the limits of nature , thanks to technology .
Advantage is just something that is part of sports .
No athletes are created equal .
They simply are n’t , due to a multitude of factors including geography , access to training , facilities , health care , injury prevention , and sure , technology .
Advertisement
I really do n’t know how we compare world records of today to those of 50 years ago .
A modern climber ’s ascent to Everest has innumerable inherent differences than an ascent of a climber who did n’t have access to lighter tanks , comfortable breathable fibers against the skin , medical support at base camp , etc .
The competitive benchmarks in that sport have changed from simply being , “ Can you climb the mountain ? ” to “ Can you climb it with oxygen , or without ? ”
A wooden tennis racket is n’t the same thing as the graphite ones used now .
We wholeheartedly accept titanium golf clubs , LASIK surgery , the invention of new pitches , better injury prevention and repair , titanium knee and hip replacements , Tommy John surgery ( surprisingly even in Youth Leagues ) , and a notable shift in the size of the average NFL player .
Where do we draw this ethical line on performance enhancement ?
I ’m not sure I can answer that right now .
What I will say is that I do n’t think it ’s useful to have this discussion around the existing Cheetah Leg , confusing the current non-enhanced technology with future prosthetics that will indeed provide augmentation .
As with all evolution in sport , let ’s decide the parameters of competition when the technology actually exists , when we have metrics that inform us as to what extent augmentation is a certainty .
Conjecture has no place in this discussion .
Advertisement
Maybe our acceptance of Tiger ’s LASIK super vision is really answered in the question , “ Can everyone have access to it ? ”
In other words , perhaps because the average citizen out there on the street can get laser surgery , it ’s okay for Tiger to get it , too , whereas the nature of a bionic prosthetic is still viewed as exclusive , and having to wear one is n’t exactly a position the average citizen covets .
Advertisement
What ’s going to happen in the future , especially with the rise of more capable prostheses ?
The human leg is actually a series of internal motors and springs , so the fact that external motors are n’t allowed in track is kind of interesting .
( Case in point : Dean Kamen placed 14 motors in his new design of the artificial arm to simulate human function . )
Dean Kamen's Full Bionic Luke Arm Video from All Things D Click to viewWe showed you some of the video from Dean Kamen 's appearance at the All Things D : D6 … Read more
Advertisement
In the not - so - distant future , designers will be able to build a prosthetic leg with a chip in it that they can program to accurately simulate human performance thresholds .
( Since we know that no two “ able - bodied ” athletes have the same bodies , and therefore what they can achieve with their bodies are different , will they average out individual “ able - bodied ” thresholds to get those metrics ?
Will they cap how fast they imagine the fastest man on earth to be at 9.58 ?
That time was unimaginable even 18 months ago , when Bolt then set the new WR at 9.72 . )
The chip used in a prosthetic that will dictate “ acceptable human ” metric - based output is what will be allowed in the Olympic standard ; meanwhile , the Paralympics will be no holds barred .
In an ironic , amazing cultural flip , you will see runners in the Paralympics going faster than those in the Olympics .
Now wo n’t that be an interesting comment on “ dis ” ability ?
Advertisement
Aimee Mullins is an athlete , speaker , actress and model we met at TEDMED .
She ’s also the guest editor for our theme week This Cyborg Life .
Read her bio here .
Introducing Our Guest Editor : Aimee Mullins
Before she was a year old , Aimee Mullins had both legs amputated below the knee .
Her family doctor …
Read more
Advertisement
This week , Gizmodo is exploring the enhanced human future in a segment we call This Cyborg Life .
It ’s about what happens when we treat our body less as a sacred object and more as what it is : Nature ’s ultimate machine .
LASIK image : Stefan Zaklin / Stringer / Getty ; Tiger image : Lucas Dawson / Stringer / Getty Images ; LZR image : Stan Honda / AFP / Getty Images ; Aimee images : Howard Schatz , Greg Kadel
RIYADH ( Reuters ) - A Saudi court of cassation upheld a ruling to behead and crucify a 22 - year - old man convicted of raping five children and leaving one of them to die in the desert , newspapers reported on Tuesday .
The convict was arrested earlier this year after a seven - year old boy helped police in their investigation .
The child left in the desert after the rape was three years old , Okaz newspaper said .
International rights groups have accused the kingdom , the birthplace of Islam , of applying draconian justice , beheading murderers , rapists and drug traffickers in public .
So far this year about 40 people have been executed in Saudi Arabia .
In Saudi Arabia , crucifixion means tying the body of the convict to wooden beams to be displayed to the public after beheading .
Sweatshop in Haiti .
By Regan Boychuk
January 26 , 2010 -- Haitians ’ incredible plight has always been difficult to fully appreciate .
Then the earthquake struck : hundreds of thousands dead , hundreds of thousands more hurt , a million homeless , and two million in need of food .
It defies imagination .
And according to a journalist just returned from Haiti , even the heart - rending footage we ’ve seen here on television fails to “ portray the magnitude of the tragedy that has happened – and the degree to which the Haitian people are suffering .
When looking at images from the disaster , ” writes Steven Edwards , “ we need to multiply by ten times our reaction of horror – only doing that can give you a true picture of what is going on in a place that has become hell not far from our shores . ” [ i ]
Many Canadians , like millions of others the world over , have been moved to make donations to help Haiti recover from this tragedy .
Fundraisers have been organized across the country and tens of millions of dollars are pouring in .
The mayors of Canada ’s 22 biggest cities are organizing to send municipal experts to Haiti to help rebuild roads , bridges , and other infrastructure . [ ii ]
Such solidarity and support is no doubt welcome , but there are also other , less altruistic efforts afoot .
The morning after the earthquake , when the Red Cross released its first estimates of as many as 50,000 dead , the Globe and Mail ran an editorial advising the international community to “ rethink its efforts in Haiti . ”
In particular , the editors of Canada ’s leading newspaper agreed “ a larger focus ” on garment manufacturing in Haiti “ could help the economy grow . ”
In this , the editors concluded , “ Wealthy neighbours like the U.S. and Canada have a special responsibility ” and “ Canada can play a leading role . ” [ iii ]
Such talk of sweatshops might seem more than a little garish the morning after such a disaster , but this was hardly the first time Haiti had been targeted for such ‘ sweatshop development ’ and foreign players are obviously eager to turn the exponential increase in the bitterness of Haitian existence into profitable lemonade .
I .
The Duvalier dictatorships ( 1957 - 86 ) killed tens of thousands of Haitians , but they also opened Haiti up to do assembly work for foreign corporations in the late 1960s .
The tyrants were swiftly rewarded with a ten - fold increase in international aid – most of which was stolen or otherwise misspent , but donors did n’t much care as long as their business interests were being attended to .
Haitian workers were “ closely supervised and controlled by the government ” , which kept “ wage rates at very low levels ” – “ undoubtedly … the single most important factor influencing the location of assembly industries in Haiti ” , according to economist Monique Garrity .
Even the World Bank admitted the “ assembly industry is largely outside the Haitian economy ” and made “ no fiscal contribution . ”
During this experiment in sweatshop development between the 1970s and 1980s , absolute poverty in Haiti is estimated to have increased 60 per cent – from 50 to 80 per cent of the population . [ iv ]
While sweatshop development had profited foreign corporations and further impoverished Haitians , those that had allied themselves with foreign investors to exploit Haitian labor rose to new heights .
In 1990 , USAID described these “ rapacious ” new elites who ’d “ arisen to seize hold of the economy ” :
These entrepreneurs have a 19th century approach to making money and have moved in to take advantage of the country ’s massive and cheap labor pool .
They run sweatshops , pay starvation wages and oppose any effort to improve the lot of the average impoverished Haitian .
Similarly , in a memo to the first President Bush , the chair of the US Congressional Task Force on Haiti described the “ powerful businessmen who control the commanding heights of the Haitian economy ” :
These personalities and their associates have been identified as being in the forefront of those financing thuggery and terror to intimidate the Haitian people and the democratic sector .
… They fear that a freely elected government accountable to the Haitian people would intrude on their privileges and force them to compete in a world economy .
Such a change would threaten their short - term interests and for this they have and continue to finance an apparatus of terror to block change . [
v ]
In the country ’s first democratic election in December 1990 , Haiti ’s poor majority managed to elect a president to represent their interests .
Within months , Haiti ’s elite removed the country ’s first democratically elected government in a US - backed coup .
At the time of the coup , the government had been moving to guarantee the right to organize unions , to reform the labor courts , to increase the minimum wage , to restart and restructure the workers ’ national health and benefits program , and to bar the military from intervening in workplace disputes .
The National Labor Committee described the situation a year and a half after the coup :
The maquiladora sector had been 50 - 70 per cent organized .
After the coup , the factories fired all the union - affiliated workers .
Now companies pay whatever they want .
It ’s impossible to even talk about [ improving ] wages or working conditions .
… Following the September 1991 coup , peasant organizers were hunted down like animals by the military . [ vi ]
Within months of the coup , US corporations with business interests in Haiti asked for and received exemptions from the embargo designed to bring down the military junta controlling Haiti .
On 4 February 1992 , President Bush I exempted American companies assembling goods in , or sourcing production in Haiti from the embargo .
The US Treasury Department even handed out these licenses to companies controlled by well - known coup organizers .
When the National Labor Committee asked one factory owner why he could not pay his workers enough to survive , he explained that , when the embargo was lifted , many US companies let it be known that they would continue contracting assembly work in Haiti only if their costs were lowered .
His factory was paying its Haitian workers 27 cents an hour , a starvation wage .
Other factories paid as little as nine .
“ There was a union before the coup , ” the same factory owner said , “ but afterwards the repression was too great .
The military was hunting them .
They were afraid and fled Port - au - Prince .
Now , we have no union . ” [ vii ]
Not only had sweatshop development pushed Haiti ’s poor majority further into poverty , but it also gave birth to vicious and rapacious new elite that oversaw the murder of thousands of members of Haiti ’s pro-democracy movement in the years after the 1991 coup .
When Haiti ’s elected government was returned from exile in 1994 , it was on condition that it adopt a variety of economic policies dictated by the West .
In January 1995 , the Haitian government announced a package of special incentives to attract foreign investment , which included subsidies for the rich and tax incentives for business .
In April , President Jean - Bertrand Aristide was set to propose new minimum wage of 75 gourdes per day , but under pressure from international donors , accepted a compromise of 36 gourdes ( ~$ 2.40 a day / 30 cents an hour ) .
According to the National Labor Committee ’s investigation , the institutionalization of the 36 gourdes / day wage meant minimum wage workers in Haiti had less buying power than they did before Aristide ’s election in 1990 and almost 50 per cent less in real terms than when the Duvalier dictatorship first set a minimum wage in 1980 .
Working 8 hours a day , 6 days a week would provide less than 60 per cent of a family ’s basic needs .
Many of the corporations profiting from the exploitation of Haitian workers were household names : Disney , Wal - Mart , Kmart , JC Penny , Sears and Hanes / Sara Lee .
Many companies paid just 11 cents per hour .[ viii ]
II .
In 2000 , the democratically elected government of Haiti was again too much a ‘ threat ’ to Haiti ’s elite and their foreign friends .
After undermining it for years , the US – joined this time by Canada and France – succeeded in overthrowing it in a February 2004 coup .
Two years of terror followed , with thousands more culled from Haiti ’s pro-democracy movement . [ ix ]
The un-elected regime imposed on Haiti after the coup was led by a business consultant from Florida and within months had developed a comprehensive two - year economic and social plan for Haiti , called the International Cooperation Framework ( ICF ) .
It was developed “ by about 300 mostly foreign technicians and consultants , some 200 from institutions like the US Agency for International Development ( USAID ) and the World Bank , ” according to journalist Jane Regan .
The plan “ calls for more free trade zones , stresses tourism and export agriculture , and hints at the eventual privatization of the countries state enterprises . ”
And despite the plan ’s claim , “ The government wishes to undertake a national reconciliation process by involving all components of society ” , Regan noted that “ Almost no one from the country ’s large and experienced national non-government organization ( NGO ) community , the local and national peasant associations , unions , women ’s groups or the hundreds of producers cooperatives or numerous associations was invited to participate ” in the preparation of the economic plan . [ x ]
There were also plans to present the next elected government with a medium - term ‘ poverty reduction strategy ’ to cover 2006 - 9 , based on the ICF .
Such a proposal would confront Haiti ’s next elected government with a fait accompli effectively limiting the scope of its freedom to pursue policy .
What the US and its allies were not able to impose on President Aristide during his 1991 - 94 exile or pressure the Haitian government into accepting since the return to democracy in 1994 , they finally accomplished with the ICF .
As an unusually frank World Bank report noted : “ The transition period and the Transitional Government provide a window of opportunity for implementing economic governance reforms with the involvement of civil society stakeholders that may be hard for a future government to undo . ” [ xi ]
Canada took full advantage of this “ window of opportunity ” .
Canadian Ambassador Claude Boucher and the US - installed regime created a Haitian - Canadian Chamber of Commerce and , in October 2004 , Canada sent its first trade mission since before President Aristide ’s re-election nearly five years earlier .
It just happened to be a period of particularly intense repression in Haiti , with a myriad of pro-democracy demonstrations attacked by paramilitaries and the Canadian - trained police .
A few weeks later , Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin traveled to Haiti , in part , to help bolster the legitimacy of the repressive regime imposed after the coup .[ xii ]
On the eve of Prime Minister Martin ’s trip , his office published a backgrounder stating that most tariffs and quotas on Haitian exports to Canada had been eliminated on many “ textile and apparel goods , an important and promising sector for Canadian investment . ”
A delegation of the Haiti Accompaniment Project that had visited Haiti a few months earlier reported :
There has been a crackdown on labor unions and peasant associations .
… We met with a labor union organizer who told us of a steadily mounting anti-union campaign directed at the assembly sector .
He has received many reports from workers who say that factory owners are not respecting the minimum wage , which was raised last year by the Aristide government .
In addition , three hundred workers have been fired from a Grupo M factory in the free trade zone along the Dominican border .[ xiii ]
Canadian garment manufacturer Gildan rushed to expand operations in Haiti after the coup .
Two days after the Haiti regime announced a tax holiday , the press was reporting Gildan ’s announcement it was closing a plant in Honduras and transferring production to Haiti .
Vice President Stephane Lemay was not kidding when he told the press the decision to close the plant “ was made quite recently ” – even ten days earlier , a company profile in the Globe and Mail ’s business section made no mention of any plans to shift operations to Haiti .
By April 2005 , CIBC World Markets analyst Ronald Schwarz believed that , despite “ a surge in imports of textiles from China ” , “ Gildan ’s manufacturing is among the most cost - competitive in the industry . ”
Schwarz added , “ Gildan ’s labor costs in countries such as Haiti and Honduras are actually cheaper than those in China ” .
Gildan ’s second quarter results for 2005 surpassed the company ’s most optimistic forecasts .[ xiv ]
( In January 12th ’s earthquake , one of Gildan ’s contractors ’ building collapsed with about 1,000 workers inside .
According to a Gildan executive , “ It appears there are no survivors . ”
The New York Times described it as “ probably one of the largest losses of life in a single location ” .
A graphic illustration of largely imaginary ‘ security ’ concerns thwarting rescue efforts , search and rescue teams did n’t arrive at the factory for four days .
“ Earlier , American rescue teams were cautioned against going into neighborhoods southwest of downtown , including Carrefour , that were perceived as too dangerous . ” [ xv ] )
III .
In a recent evaluation of the impact sweatshop development ( my term , not hers ) has had on Haiti , Canadian political scientist Yasmine Shamsie notes that “ The World Bank is an enduring supporter of this approach , and Haiti ’s two most important bilateral donors , Canada and the United States , strongly endorse the model . ”
She adds , “ Sixty - five percent of Haiti ’s budget comes from external sources :
… Given this level of dependence , it is not unreasonable to assume that the Haitian government ’s economic development strategy will be informed by the economic policy of liberalism and export - led development that international donors espouse .
… In short , their development trajectory must conform to the exigencies of neoliberal globalization . [ xvi ]
As it was put in the business pages , Haiti needs “ a brisk shot of laissez - faire ” .
Setting aside for the moment the fact that such strategies are not how the wealthy countries developed themselves , it is worth recalling here Henry Kissinger ’s remarks on our “ age of the expert ” : the “ expert has his constituency – those who have a vested interest in commonly held opinions ; elaborating and defining [ these vested interests ' ] consensus at a high level has , after all , made him an expert . ” [ xvii ]
With this little piece of wisdom in mind , it is much easier to make sense of who is considered an expert on developing Haiti and what sort of advice they have to offer .
Paul Collier is an Oxford economist and former director of development research at the World Bank who “ wants to persuade you that external military intervention has an important place in helping ” those who live in poor countries .
Collier also argues that , “ The challenge posed by coups is not to eliminate them but to harness them . ” [ xviii ]
After the Canada / US / France - backed 2004 coup and subsequent years of military occupation by UN forces , small wonder Collier found himself asked how Haiti could develop .
Collier ’s answer came in a January 2009 report to UN Secretary General Ban-Ki Moon , “ Haiti : From catastrophe to economic security ” .
In essence , he recommends sweatshops assembling garments for the North American market as Haiti ’s best hope .[ xix ]
Demonstrating either his ignorance or mendacity on Canada ’s role in undermining , overthrowing , and suppressing Haitian democracy for the past decade , Collier has also said “ Canada is by far the most welcome in the country because you ’re not tainted by history .
… So you ’ve got a very important role .
The Haitian government in a way , sort of trusts you more , and is comfortable in a way it ’s not comfortable with others . ”
The Canadian government obviously liked what Collier had to say .
As the minister responsible for international aid through the Canadian International Development Agency ( CIDA ) explained a few months before the earthquake , “ Haiti would have been historically a large producer of textiles and garment exporting to North America .
It lost that industry and now we ’re looking at how we can rejuvenate the industry there . ” [ xx ]
Carlo Dade is executive director of the Canadian Foundation for the Americas and the most prominent expert on the region in the Canadian media .
On Haiti , Dade ’s “ pushing the private sector agenda ” “ has led to a great deal of frustration ” for him , so he ’s naturally a fan of Collier ’s plan and has praised CIDA for its “ championing of Paul Collier ’s work on Haiti . ”
“ Dade argues that despite criticism over sweatshops , working in a North American - run factory is a better option than what ’s now available to young Haitians ” , the Ottawa Citizen reported .
“ And he says the garment manufacturers are eager to go back . ” [ xxi ]
The morning after the earthquake in Haiti , the Globe and Mail editors endorsed Collier ’s plan and offered him space on the op - ed page to promote it , with a tweak – since Haiti ’s capital Port - au - Prince was largely destroyed , the sweatshops should be set up in the much less affected north of the country .[ xxii ]
The following week , Dade was invited to the op - ed pages to inform readers that the Canadian government “ had a good track record in Haiti on which to build ” on “ what has worked in Haiti , such as the 2004 multi - donor Interim Co-operation Framework ” – the economic plan imposed on Haiti by outsiders after the 2004 coup.[xxiii ]
Upping the ante considerably , a week after the earthquake , the Globe and Mail called Haiti a “ perennial failed state ” , noted that its “ government is not governing ” , and boldly recommended Canada , the US and France ( along with token Bahamas ) should “ work together and , with the fragments of Haitian government , remake the Haitian state . ”
Haiti “ should not be turned into a protectorate of the United States or the United Nations ” per se , but “ Instead , a small , well concentrated committee of the major nations chiefly concerned ” – coincidentally those most responsible for the 2004 coup and consequent repression – “ should be formed to work with what remains of the Haitian government ” .[ xxiv ]
That ’s one way to ensure your vision of sweatshop development in Haiti is implemented , simply assume control of the country – for Haitians own good , it goes without saying .
From what I can tell , there has been little or no reaction to the Globe ’s radical proposal .
IV .
Our good will and donations cannot be entrusted to the governments and their ‘ experts ’ that have played such a destructive role in Haiti ’s recent history .
Left to their own devices , we can safely expect more of the same : ‘ development ’ in the interest of foreign donors partnered with Haiti ’s ‘ rapacious ’ elite , exploiting Haiti ’s poor majority , paying ‘ starvation wages ’ , and ‘ opposing any effort to improve the lot of the average impoverished Haitian ’ .
In the past , sweatshop development has only exacerbated Haitian poverty and , as the World Bank noted , it makes no significant fiscal contribution to the government .
It improved corporate bottom lines , not the lives of Haitians .
There is no reason to expect any different this time around .
Despite the impression you might have been left with from the media , Haitians are perfectly capable of managing their own affairs and know what they need a hell of a lot better than we do .
Now , more than ever , Haitians deserve better from us and it is up to us to ensure our government does the right thing , not the profitable thing .
Three obvious places to start are forgiving what remains of Haiti ’s debt , ensuring Haiti enjoys genuinely democratic elections in the very near future , and immediately ending former President Aristide ’s unconstitutional exile .
The IMF has recently announced would work to eliminate Haiti ’s remaining debt , freeing much needed resources for recovery .
These efforts deserve the support of the Canadian government – especially since the IMF is already backing away from them : at the donors ’ conference in Montreal less than a week later , an IMF spokesperson dismissed calls for immediate debt relief saying , “ Debt relief is not a today issue , it ’s a tomorrow issue ” .[ xxv ]
Each of the elections held or planned in Haiti since the 2004 coup have excluded what remains by every credible measure the most popular political party in Haiti , the Lavalas movement associated with former President Aristide .
Not only has this fact been ignored here in the West , but one can read from an academic specialist in Canada ’s most liberal newspaper that the current Haitian president that oversaw this continued exclusion of Lavalas is “ by far the most stable and sensible [ president ] the country has ever had ” .[ xxvi ]
Translation :
His government does our bidding , which has included continuing to privatize Haiti ’s few remaining public assets and vetoing an increase in the minimum wage to $ 5 / day .
For genuine recovery , Haitians need to be empowered and that requires elections including the country ’s majority political party .
Foreign donors monitor and fund those elections and could ensure as much with a proverbial phone call .
In the wake of January 12th ’s tragedy , Haiti ’s current government has remained largely silent as foreign powers have prioritized ‘ security ’ over maximizing rescue efforts .
Millions of Haitians were left suffering – and dying – in the aftermath of earthquake .
Former President Jean - Bertrand Aristide is Haiti ’s most popular and influential figure by a wide margin but pressure from the same countries that overthrew his government in 2004 has kept him in exile despite countless calls for his return .
He has said he has no interest in political office and , indeed , he is not eligible to serve as president again , but he is needed now more than ever .
“ If he were to return , people would mobilise .
Tens of thousands would mobilise like that , ” according to filmmaker Kevin Pina , probably the single most intimately connected and knowledgeable outsider on Haiti ’s pro-democracy movement .
“ With just picks and shovels they would clean up the mess in just a month .
They still love him that much . ” [ xxvii ]
[ Regan Boychuk completed his MA thesis on Canada and Haiti at York University in Toronto in 2005 .
He is a member of the Canada Haiti Action Network in Calgary , Alberta .
This article first appeared on the website of the Canada Haiti Action Network . ]
[ i ] Steven Edwards , “ Reality in Haiti is even worse than it looks “ , Canwest News Service , 21 January 2010 .
[ ii ] “ Canadian mayors promise to help rebuild Haiti “ , CBC News , 21 January 2010 .
[ iii ] Editorial , “ Today ’s rescue is just the beginning “ , Globe and Mail , 13 January 2010 .
[ iv ]
Monique Garrity , “ The assembly industries in Haiti : Causes and effects ” , Journal of Caribbean Studies , Spring 1981 ; Michael Hooper , “ Model underdevelopment ” , NACLA Report on the Americas , May / June 1987 ( World Bank ) ; William Robinson , Promoting Polyarchy : Globalization , US intervention , and hegemony ( New York : Cambridge University , 1996 ) , p. 271 ( poverty ) .
[ v ] National Labor Committee , “ Haiti after the coup : Sweatshop or real development “ , April 1993 , pp. 47-48 ( USAID ) ; Walter Fauntroy , “ Haiti : What must be done ” , memorandum to President George Bush , 3 March 1989 reprinted in James Ridgeway ( ed. ) , The Haiti Files : Decoding the crisis ( Washington : Essential / Azul , 1994 ) , p. 35 .
[ vi ] National Labor Committee , “ Haiti after the coup “ , pp. 77-78 , 84 .
[ vii ] National Labor Committee , “ Haiti after the coup “ , pp. 45 , 23 - 24 , 31-32 .
[ viii ] Lisa McGowan , “ Democracy undermined , economic justice denied : Structural adjustment and the aid juggernaut in Haiti “ , Development Group for Alternatives Polices , January 1997 , sec .
4 ; National Labor Committee , “ The US in Haiti : How to get rich on 11 cents an hour “ , January 1996 , pp. 17 , 25 , 26 .
[ ix ]
See Peter Hallward , Damming the Flood : Haiti , Aristide , and the politics of containment ( London : Verso , 2007 ) ; Yves Engler and Anthony Fenton , Canada in Haiti : Waging war on the poor majority ( Halifax : Fernwood , 2006 ) ; Athena R. Kolbe and Royce A. Hutson , “ Human rights abuse and other criminal violations in Port - au - Prince , Haiti : A random survey of households “ , Lancet , 2 September 2006 and “ Clarification : Human rights abuse and other criminal violations in Port - au - Prince , Haiti ” , Lancet , 3 February 2007 .
[ x ] Jane Regan , “ A national plan without the people ? “ , Inter - Press Service , 21 July 2004 ; Republic of Haiti , “ Interim cooperation framework 2004 - 2006 “ , July 2004 , p. 8 .
[ xi ] World Bank and International Development Association , “ Haiti briefing note ” , 2 July 2004 , para .
10 , p. 3 ( poverty reduction strategy ) ; World Bank , “ Haiti – Economic governance reform operation project “ , 10 December 2004 , p. 4 ( ‘ window of opportunity ’ ) .
[ xii ]
“ Canadian business mission in Haiti ” , Agence France - Presse , 22 October 2004 ; Lamar Litz , “ Attacks against demonstrations in Haiti : A compilation of reports ” , Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti , September 2005 and Hallward , Damming the Flood , pp. 277-86 ( period of repression ) ; Brian Laghi , “ Internal strife will undermine rebuilding plan , PM tells Haiti ” , Globe and Mail , 15 November 2004 ( legitimacy ) .
[ xiii ]
Office of the Prime Minister , “ Prime minister to travel to Haiti ” , 12 November 2004 ; Laura Flynn , Robert Roth and Leslie Fleming , “ Report of the Haiti Accompaniment Project “ , 29 June – 9 July 2004 .
[ xiv ]
“ Montreal - based T - shirt maker Gildan Activewear to close Honduran plant ” , Canadian Press , 15 July 2004 ; Bertrand Marotte , “ Gildan takes T - shirt making to the cutting - edge of casual apparel ” , Globe and Mail , 3 July 2004 ; Carolyn Leitch , “ Analysts upsize Gildan targets ” , Globe and Mail , 12 April 2005 ( Schwarz ) .
[ xv ] Tavia Grant , “ Firms see beyond disaster “ , Globe and Mail , 19 Janaury 2010 ( executive ) ; Deborah Sontag , “ Defiant vow to rebuild amid ruins and bodies “ , New York Times , 19 January 2010 ( rescue efforts ) .
[ xvi ] Yasmine Shamsie , “ Export processing zones :
The purported glimmer in Haiti ’s development murk ” , Review of International Political Economy , October 2009 .
My quotes here are from a pre-publication draft .
[ xvii ] Neil Reynolds , “ A dose of economic freedom will help heal Haiti “ , Globe and Mail , 20 January 2010 ( laissez - faire ) ; Ha -Joon Chang , Kicking Away the Ladder : Development strategy in historical perspective ( London : Anthem , 2003 ) and Bad Samaritans :
The myth of free trade and the secret history of capitalism ( New York : Bloomsbury , 2008 ) ( how the West developed ) ; Henry A. Kissinger , “ Domestic structure and foreign policy ” , Daedalus , Spring 1966 ( experts ) .
[ xviii ] Paul Collier , The Bottom Billion :
Why to poorest countries are failing and what can be done about it ( Oxford : Oxford University , 2007 ) , ch. 8 ( military intervention ) and Wars , Guns , and Votes : Democracy in dangerous places ( London : Bodley Head , 2009 ) , ch. 6 ( coups ) .
[ xix ]
Paul Collier , “ Haiti : From catastrophe to economic security “ , Report for the Secretary - General of the United Nations , January 2009 .
[ xx ] Laura Payton , “ Haiti : Canada ’s second - biggest aid recipient still needs ‘ everything ’ “ , Ottawa Citizen , 15 September 2009 .
[ xxi ] Carlo Dade , “ Haiti ’s economic prospects ‘ hopeful ’ “ , FOCALPoint , March 2009 ( frustration ) ; Carlo Dade , letter - to - the - editor , Globe and Mail , 11 June 2009 ( CIDA / Collier ) ; Payton , “ Haiti : Canada ’s second - biggest aid recipient still needs ‘ everything ’ ” ( sweatshops ) .
[ xxii ]
Editorial , “ Four to help refound the state “ , Globe and Mail , 19 January 2010 ; Paul Collier and Jean - Louis Warnholz , “ We need a Marshall Plan for Haiti “ , Globe and Mail , 13 January 2010 .
[ xxiii ] Carlo Dade , “ It ’s up to Canada to grab the Haitian brass ring “ , Globe and Mail , 22 January 2010 .
[ xxiv ]
Editorial , “ Four to help refound the state “ , Globe and Mail , 18 January 2010 .
[ xxv ] “ IMF chief calls for ‘ Marshall Plan ’ for shattered Haiti “ , IMF Survey , 20 January 2010 ; Mike Blanchfield , “ Harper - Clinton say accountability of funds key to Haiti recovery plan “ , Canadian Press , 25 January 2010 .
[ xxvi ] Jorge Heine , “ After the mayhem , the real challenge is to fix Haiti “ , Toronto Star , 15 January 2010 .
Heine is writing a book on Haiti ’s governance .
[ xxvii ] Andrew Buncombe , “ Discovered by Columbus , built by France – and wrecked by dictators “ , Independent , 16 January 2010 .
SAY HELLO to Jamie Jungers - motorcycle calendar girl , brolly dolly and now Tiger Woods ' latest squeeze .
American media reports have linked the 26 - year - old to the multiple championship - winning golfer , whose earnings for 2009 are reported to have topped the $ 100 million mark .
Let 's face it , if you were one of the world 's richest men , what would you do in your spare time ?
CHICAGO — It ’s just another cold day in the Windy City .
People are going to work and school , picking up groceries , or putting in their application for help to pay their heating bill .
On South Halsted Street here car traffic seems lighter than usual .
The neighborhood that was on the verge of becoming gentrified stands pockmarked with empty storefronts .
As people carry on their daily life , the political media is all focused on President Obama ’s State of the Union speech slated for tonight .
The speech comes at a time when there is a swell of anger and dissatisfaction among the public about the state of the economy .
Unemployment still hovers at 10 percent , while banks bailed out at tax payer expense pull in record profits .
Plus coming off a major Republican upset in Massachusetts for the U.S. Senate and job approval ratings hovering at just below 50 percent , the pundits say the president is on the ropes .
But what do your neighbors say ?
Or the ordinary Jane , John or Jose ?
It was a bit surprising , but the people I interviewed seemed supportive and even patient with the president .
OK .
This is Chicago after all and there is a hometown love for the Obamas .
And my sampling is rather small to draw too hard and fast conclusions .
But the interviews did give me some pause : on how regular folks view the presidency and Washington politics .
Both seemed pretty far removed from day - to - day working - class living .
Melissa Parks , a grandmother who lives in Wentworth Gardens housing development , near White Sox ballpark , urged patience with the president .
“ I feel like he ’s doing the work , ” she said .
“ We should be patient , and pitch in . ”
But she did warn that she felt he was “ trying to please everybody .
And there are some people you just ca n’t please . ”
Issue number one for Parks ?
“ Health care .
I do n’t have any . ”
Lisa Martin was waiting in line to drop off her mother ’s application for help to pay the heating bill at the neighborhood CEDA program , the Cook County - run service that administers the federal Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program , LIHEAP .
Martin , a mom of one and pregnant with her second , is a childcare provider .
She used to work part - time , so she could take care of her daughter and make some money .
But lots of parents , she said , are n’t working so that means not a lot of work for her .
Martin sees politics on a local level .
She sees her alderman out and about .
“ He walks around the neighborhood .
He ’s out there .
A regular person . ”
And Martin says all politicians , including the president , should keep their promises .
“ If they say they ’re going to do something then do it .
Let us know you ’re making an effort . ”
Martin also reminded the president that a lot of people are hurting .
( See video . )
Family members and friends are truck drivers , she said , and they are n’t getting work .
Plus , some of her friends have immigration status issues , she said , which complicates their lives .
“ They lose their jobs , then they have to get one at a restaurant and make about 25 % of what they were making before .
They are trying to support their families too . ”
Progressive activists worry that the president will move too far to appease the GOP conservatives in his speech , alienating his base among union members , African American , Latino and young voters , who are more likely to stay home in mid-term elections if they do n’t see a reason to vote .
Or , as in the case of Massachusetts , many either stayed home or voted for Republican Scott Brown because the current health care plan and the job - saving stimulus did n’t go far enough .
Obama ’s pre-speech messages about a spending freeze , deficit reduction and tax cut - only - method for job creation seem way too timid at a time when bold action on the economy is needed , progressives say .
Organizing For America , the grassroots group formed out of the army of Obama campaign volunteers , is hosting State of the Union Watch Parties across the country .
Obama ’s campaign manager , David Plouffe , fresh off his book tour and now back into campaign mode , will be addressing the gatherings before the speech .
Plouffe is widely regarded as a political wunderkind who pulled together new technologies , strong grassroots mobilization and the message of “ change ” in 2008 .
He has just been hired as a consultant by the Obama administration to , perhaps , “ rally the troops ” and motivate the base for the November congressional and state elections .
Plouffe ’s recent e-mail message to OFA already goes in that direction .
He called on Obama supporters to “ regroup , refocus , and re-engage on the vital work ahead . ”
Acknowledging the problems , including Massachusetts , Plouffe said , “ We ’ve hit some serious bumps in the road recently in our march toward change .
We always knew it would be difficult , but this past week has definitely been a hard one , for all of us . ”
Chicagoan Barbara Becker is hosting a SOTU party .
She supports Obama ’s campaign message about the people making change .
“ He is balancing a multitude of challenges that he inherited , with unemployment , two wars and an unsupportive substantial minority in the legislative body and judicial bodies .
The challenge of governing is not the easiest .
We , the U.S. people , are not as fully informed and active as we need to be .
Like Obama said , he was not the change , we the people are the guarantee for change , ” she said .
Photo : Mrs. Melissa
Parks says the president should n’t try to please everybody .
Teresa Albano / PW
U.S. Sen .
John Kerry plans to introduce legislation next week that would pave the way for the release of thousands of FBI documents on the life and death of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr Kerry , D - Mass . , said the bill , which failed in 2006 , can pass this year in honor of King .
" I want the world to know what he stood for , " Kerry said .
" And I want his personal history preserved and examined by releasing all of his records . "
The bill calls for creating a Martin Luther King Records Collection at the National Archives that would include all government records related to King .
The bill also would create a five - member independent review board that would identify and make public all documents from agencies including the FBI — just as a review board in 1992 made public documents related to the 1963 John F. Kennedy assassination .
ILLUMINATING RECORDS : MLK-LBJ phone conversations
" This is personal for someone who came of age in the civil rights movement and was inspired by Dr. King , " Kerry said .
" He challenged the conscience of my generation and still moves a new generation of volunteers and activists to speak out against prejudice and suffering , wherever they might take place . "
Pulitzer Prize - winning author Taylor Branch , whose books detail King 's life , praised the idea of gathering all the documents on King and making them available online .
Second District U.S. Rep. Bennie Thompson , a Democrat and a veteran of the civil rights movement , said he supports the release of documents — and believes the House and Senate will , too .
Alvin Sykes of Kansas City , architect of the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crimes Act , and Hank Klibanoff , managing editor of the Cold Case Truth and Justice Project , believe Kerry 's idea should be expanded to include the release of documents involving not only King 's assassination , but also other racial slayings from the civil rights era .
" It will help us find evidence in these cases that are currently unsolved , " Sykes said .
" It may also help us to exonerate folks who 've been falsely accused . "
Klibanoff met last summer with Attorney General Eric Holder and suggested creating an independent review board to make public " all files , documents and other historic materials related to the racial terror and hate crimes that occurred in the South during the modern civil rights era . "
In an Oct. 27 letter , Holder responded that the Justice Department was discussing the best ways to make " the most responsible public disclosure possible . "
Thompson said this idea makes sense .
" Since time is the worst enemy of any of these prosecutions , this might be another way of getting other information that otherwise would n't be available , " he said .
Ben Greenberg of Boston , whose father served as a special assistant to King in 1962 and 1963 , praised Kerry 's legislation .
" The murder of Martin Luther King Jr. was a trauma that our country will not recover from unless we can clear the air about what really happened , " he said .
Greenberg , who has spent recent years investigating a number of unsolved killings from the era , including the 1964 killing of Clifton Walker near Woodville , said documents on many other racial slayings from the 1950s and 1960s should be made public , too .
" The effects of these murders linger throughout the South , " he said .
Some FBI documents continue to conceal the name of suspects in these killings , he said .
" The people named in the documents , the family members and the perpetrators are dying every day .
It is time for the truth to be told and for justice to be done .
We need the information while there is still time to use it . "
FBI officials have said it is their duty to protect every person 's identity unless that person is deceased .
Recently the FBI asked for the public 's help in solving 33 killings from the civil rights era — a third of them in Mississippi .
Journalist John Fleming , whose work for The Anniston Star led to an arrest in the 1965 killing of Jimmie Lee Jackson in Selma , Ala. , questioned how the FBI can ask for the public 's help in solving killings but fail to make public the names of crucial witnesses who could shed light on these cases .
Henry Allen found his father 's cold body beneath a logging truck in Liberty 46 years ago , after his father had witnessed the 1961 killing of fellow African American Herbert Lee by a white man .
Allen , now of Baton Rouge , said he remains dedicated to finding justice for his father 's killing .
" I can't give up , " he said .
" These guys are still walking around . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
On January 5th , in the game against Phoenix , Edmonton gave up a goal to Radim Vrbata because of faceoff positioning in a four - on - four situation .
Here is the first shot - we can see Souray lined up at left wing , Penner on the right side and the other defenseman , Tom Gilbert , is not in the picture .
From the ice - level camera shot , we can see Gilbert 's original positioning :
In the next still , we can see Gilbert breaking to the center of the ice after Hanzal punched the faceoff forward :
Check out the results of the play here .
At the time , I immediately blamed Gilbert .
I was amazed , as was Dustin Penner if you watch the video , that the Oilers chose to line up like this as it goes against everything I 've been taught and everything I 've ever watched in the last thirty something years .
However , when I watched this again on DVR , Shawn Horcoff actually moved Gilbert over to the wall , thus exposing the center of the ice .
In the intermission interview , Vrbata spoke about seeing the positioning and talking to Hanzal about winning the faceoff forward to the zone for the breakaway .
Fast forward to last night .
Andrew Cogliano took a penalty during a four - on - four , leaving the Oilers down a man for a four - on - three .
The faceoff was in Edmonton 's zone late in the game and Denis Grebeshkov chose to line up on the circle , goal - side .
Jason Strudwick then motions to Grebeshkov to change his positioning to the left wing , on the boards , leaving the center of the ice open to the Sedins and Salo , as seen here :
Grebeshkov gets trapped on the boards side , then stupidly decided to chase the puck farther to the boards side , exposing center ice even more .
We can see the results of the play here :
In both of these situations , the Oilers were not skating with five men on the ice .
In both situations , veteran players decide to abandon the center of the ice in favor of protecting the left wing , leaving themselves outmanned and overwhelmed to the goal side .
This faceoff positioning goes against everything I know about hockey , so are there any tacticians willing to step up and defend this ?
Is this just an HUA on these veterans , or is it possible this is something that Tom Renney is teaching in these situations .
If Renney is teaching it , can anyone explain the positives behind giving up on odd - man situation in the center of the ice before the puck is dropped ?
Intelligent people have ' unnatural ' preferences and values that are novel in human evolution
More intelligent people are significantly more likely to exhibit social values and religious and political preferences that are novel to the human species in evolutionary history .
Specifically , liberalism and atheism , and for men ( but not women ) , preference for sexual exclusivity correlate with higher intelligence , a new study finds .
The study , published in the March 2010 issue of the peer - reviewed scientific journal Social Psychology Quarterly , advances a new theory to explain why people form particular preferences and values .
The theory suggests that more intelligent people are more likely than less intelligent people to adopt evolutionarily novel preferences and values , but intelligence does not correlate with preferences and values that are old enough to have been shaped by evolution over millions of years . "
" Evolutionarily novel " preferences and values are those that humans are not biologically designed to have and our ancestors probably did not possess .
In contrast , those that our ancestors had for millions of years are " evolutionarily familiar . "
" General intelligence , the ability to think and reason , endowed our ancestors with advantages in solving evolutionarily novel problems for which they did not have innate solutions , " says Satoshi Kanazawa , an evolutionary psychologist at the London School of Economics and Political Science .
" As a result , more intelligent people are more likely to recognize and understand such novel entities and situations than less intelligent people , and some of these entities and situations are preferences , values , and lifestyles . "
An earlier study by Kanazawa found that more intelligent individuals were more nocturnal , waking up and staying up later than less intelligent individuals .
Because our ancestors lacked artificial light , they tended to wake up shortly before dawn and go to sleep shortly after dusk .
Being nocturnal is evolutionarily novel .
In the current study , Kanazawa argues that humans are evolutionarily designed to be conservative , caring mostly about their family and friends , and being liberal , caring about an indefinite number of genetically unrelated strangers they never meet or interact with , is evolutionarily novel .
So more intelligent children may be more likely to grow up to be liberals .
Data from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health ( Add Health ) support Kanazawa 's hypothesis .
Young adults who subjectively identify themselves as " very liberal " have an average IQ of 106 during adolescence while those who identify themselves as " very conservative " have an average IQ of 95 during adolescence .
Similarly , religion is a byproduct of humans ' tendency to perceive agency and intention as causes of events , to see " the hands of God " at work behind otherwise natural phenomena .
" Humans are evolutionarily designed to be paranoid , and they believe in God because they are paranoid , " says Kanazawa .
This innate bias toward paranoia served humans well when self - preservation and protection of their families and clans depended on extreme vigilance to all potential dangers .
" So , more intelligent children are more likely to grow up to go against their natural evolutionary tendency to believe in God , and they become atheists . "
Young adults who identify themselves as " not at all religious " have an average IQ of 103 during adolescence , while those who identify themselves as " very religious " have an average IQ of 97 during adolescence .
In addition , humans have always been mildly polygynous in evolutionary history .
Men in polygynous marriages were not expected to be sexually exclusive to one mate , whereas men in monogamous marriages were .
In sharp contrast , whether they are in a monogamous or polygynous marriage , women were always expected to be sexually exclusive to one mate .
So being sexually exclusive is evolutionarily novel for men , but not for women .
And the theory predicts that more intelligent men are more likely to value sexual exclusivity than less intelligent men , but general intelligence makes no difference for women 's value on sexual exclusivity .
Kanazawa 's analysis of Add Health data supports these sex -specific predictions as well .
One intriguing but theoretically predicted finding of the study is that more intelligent people are no more or no less likely to value such evolutionarily familiar entities as marriage , family , children , and friends .
Sen .
Ben Nelson is facing major blowback in Nebraska over his decision not to block the health - care bill .
Nelson tries to repair damage at home
Nebraska Sen .
Ben Nelson and his wife were leaving dinner at a new pizza joint near their home in Omaha one night last week when a patron began complaining about Nelson ’s decisive vote in favor of the Senate ’s health care bill .
Other customers started booing .
A woman yelled , “ Get him the hell out of here ! ”
And the Nelsons and their dining companions beat a hasty retreat .
Advertisement
“ It was definitely a scene in there , ” said Tom Lewis , a 41 - year - old dentist and registered Republican who witnessed the incident .
A second witness confirmed the incident to POLITICO .
It ’s a new experience for Nelson .
He used to be a popular figure back home , a Democrat who served eight years in the governor ’s office and was elected twice to the Senate by a state that ’s as red as the “ N ” on the University of Nebraska 's football helmets .
But Nelson has seen his approval ratings tumble in the wake of his wavering over the historic health care bill , his deal - cutting with other Senate Democrats and , ultimately , his support to break a GOP filibuster and send the bill to a House - Senate conference committee .
Nelson , who has a track record of brokering bipartisan deals , said for months that he was unsure whether to back a Democrats - only bill , and he criticized language in the measure that would impose taxes and cut Medicare costs in order to pay for extending coverage to most Americans .
But after weeks of negotiations , Nelson made his peace with the bill by striking deals on his state ’s Medicaid costs and on abortion language — and , in the process , incited a furious backlash in Nebraska .
Anti-abortion activists who have supported him in the past have abandoned him ; he ’s been the target of a fierce campaign by opponents to push him to block the bill on final passage ; and the GOP now sees the opportunity for a pickup in 2012 .
Meantime , Nelson is still viewed warily by more - liberal Democrats who distrust his conservative leanings and remain upset with his opposition to a public option .
“ He ’s kind of a man without a state , ” said Julie Schmit - Albin , executive director of Nebraska Right to Life , an influential anti-abortion group that had endorsed Nelson ’s previous election bids but has “ pretty much cut [ its ] ties ” with the senator over the abortion deal in the health care bill .
The group plans a rally Jan. 30 in front of the state Capitol in Lincoln and will weigh whether to use its influence to go after Nelson ahead of 2012 , when he is up for a third term .
The state Republican Party has set up a website calling for voters to eject Nelson from office , and it has already raised “ tens of thousands of dollars ” for advertising , according to Mark Fahleson , chairman of the state party .
And Democrats in Washington worry that the pressure may cause Nelson to defect in the end , particularly since the senator — once again — has made clear that his final vote on the bill is not guaranteed .
Nelson , who declined requests for an interview , is responding to the blowback with a major effort to reverse public opinion , criss - crossing the state county by county and holding interviews with a slew of local newspapers and TV and radio stations .
He has explained his vote and the deals he made in several newspaper op - eds , held a news conference outside his home in Omaha and made a “ sizable number ” of calls to individual voters who have written him to express their concerns , according to his spokesman .
Nelson argues that the bill would lower premiums and address the worst insurance company abuses , and he defends the deal he struck on abortion , saying it would n’t allow federal dollars to be used on the procedure .
He ’s also said that he ’s working to give all states the benefit of the deal he struck that exempts Nebraska from its new costs under Medicaid after 2017 .
The state ’s Democratic Party helped bankroll an ad campaign , which began running during the University of Nebraska football team ’s appearance in the Holiday Bowl .
In the ads Nelson says he was “ convinced this is right for Nebraska . ”
A spokesman for the state party did not return a telephone call .
In addition , Nelson has gone to battle with opposing politicians — pushing back against criticism from California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and 13 Republican attorneys general who have threatened to file a lawsuit arguing that the Medicare deal in the health care bill is unconstitutional .
And he has criticized his own party as well .
In an interview with Nebraska ’s Freemont Tribune , Nelson said it was a “ mistake to take health care on as opposed to continuing to spend the time on the economy ” — an unusual move for a senator who usually shies away from openly criticizing his party ’s leadership .
Jake Thompson , the senator ’s spokesman , downplayed his comments to the Tribune , saying that Nelson was not trying to criticize President Barack Obama or the Senate Democratic leadership but was being more of an “ armchair quarterback ” when asked about the year ’s legislative work .
Asked about the incident at the pizza joint , Thompson said : “ If somebody yelled that comment , Sen .
Nelson did n’t hear it , and he did hear positive comments from others in the restaurant . ”
Thompson also said that “ many Nebraskans have thanked Sen .
Nelson through phone calls , letters and e-mails for supporting health reform because they know its improvements will help their lives . ”
Thompson said Nelson was recently thanked by a man in an Omaha store wearing camouflage clothing , a neighbor who was liquidating investment funds to pay medical bills , a group of diabetic children and a woman in a restaurant .
“ On the other side , indeed , there are Nebraskans who do disagree with his vote on health care — some do n’t like the bill , some have been misled about what ’s in it , some do n’t want health reform now , and some disagree for political reasons , ” Thompson said .
“ On balance , Sen . Nelson believes his support for health reform will stand the test of time . ”
David Di Martino , a former Nelson aide and now a Washington - based consultant , said that the millions of dollars ’ worth of TV ads that doused the state at the end of the year helped shape public opinion — and that , ultimately , anger will subside once people start seeing the benefits of the bill .
And he added that , throughout his career , the senator has made a political comeback when pundits ruled him out .
“ He ’s got a record of coming back and being successful , ” Di Martino said .
I never expected to stumble upon a Digital Millennium Copyright Act ( DMCA ) story while standing beneath an unshielded light bulb in my garage , but that was before I picked up the manual for my garage door opener .
I recently moved houses , and during a Saturday largely spent clearing a terrific mass from my new garage , I came across a tattered copy of the owner 's manual for the garage door opener , thoughtfully left behind for my use .
I read through the manual looking for information on how to acquire another remote control unit , when my eye was caught by the sort of statement one does not expect to find in any sort of literature relating to the humble garage door .
" If this Security + garage door opener is operated with a non-rolling code transmitter , the technical measure in the receiver of the garage door opener , which provides security against code - theft devices , will be circumvented , " said the manual .
" The owner of the copyright in the garage door opener does not authorize the purchaser or supplier of the non-rolling code transmitter to circumvent that technical measure . "
The notice , in all its glory
Bizarre .
Though the words " Digital Millennium Copyright Act " were never mentioned , the law 's anticircumvention provisions were clearly being referenced here .
But those provisions were designed to make breaking the digital rights management ( DRM ) on DVDs , music downloads , and computer games illegal — and by doing so would help keep DRM - busting devices off of the market .
What was this nonsense about circumventing technical measures doing in my garage door opener manual , and why did the manual go out of its way to make it clear that I was not " authorized " to use a specific sort of remote control ?
" Code grabbers , " DRM , and the garage door
The picture became a little clearer when I flipped back to the front page ; the opener was made by Chamberlain , the largest garage door opener company in the US .
Those who have followed tech law for some time will remember that Chamberlain was at the center of a seminal DMCA case back in 2003 - 2004 .
Chamberlain sued a Canadian company called Skylink , which made universal garage door openers , on the grounds that Skylink 's devices were bypassing a DRM scheme and that Skylink was therefore " trafficking " in circumvention devices under the DMCA .
DRM , what hath you wrought ?
For years , garage door remote controls were simple devices that beamed an RF signal at a garage door , which then opened .
The setup was insecure , even when each remote and opener unit used an unchanging but unique shared key ( a " non-rolling code " ) to authenticate the " open " command .
As the federal appeals court noted in its write - up of the case , " According to Chamberlain , the typical GDO is vulnerable to attack by burglars who can open the garage door using a ' code grabber . '
Chamberlain says that code grabbers allow burglars in close proximity to a homeowner operating her garage door to record the signal sent from the transmitter to the opener , and to return later , replay the recorded signal , and open the garage door . "
" Code grabbing " appears to be something of an urban myth , however ; the court went on to say that " Chamberlain concedes , however , that code grabbers are more theoretical than practical burgling devices ; none of its witnesses had either firsthand knowledge of a single code grabbing problem or familiarity with data demonstrating the existence of a problem .
Nevertheless , Chamberlain claims to have developed its rolling code system specifically to prevent code grabbing . "
A footnote reveals that competitor Skylink offered a snarkier explanation for Chamberlain 's move to a " rolling code " system : Chamberlain 's openers suffered from " inadvertent GDO [ garage door opener ] activation by planes passing overhead , not as a security measure . "
( " Oh , snap ! " as they say in the legal world . )
Chamberlain's new , secure , definitely - not - triggered - by - low - flying - aircraft innovation was the rolling code .
New " Security + " transmitters would broadcast a two - part signal containing a device identification code ( fixed ) and then a security code ( changing ) .
Every time the garage door opens , the opener and the remote agree to change the security code , and they have a few billion choices to pick from .
A " code grabber " who rolled up to the house and attempted to open the garage using a recorded signal would find himself locked out .
Straightforward stuff — but how did Skylink bypass it ?
The company did n't make a rolling code transmitter , instead relying on a bit of trickery .
The Skylink universal remote opens Chamberlain garage doors by sending out the correct device identification code and then three signals , none of which have any connection to the expected security code .
The first signal , because it is incorrect , is ignored by the opener .
The second signal is also an incorrect code , but coming so close to the first , it triggers to opener to look for a third security code to follow milliseconds later , one which differs from the second code by a value of three .
If this happens , the opener triggers its own " resynchronization " sequence , resets the code windows it has been using , and ( crucially ) opens the garage door .
It was a nifty bit of trickery , but Chamberlain argued that it violated section 1201 ( a ) of the Copyright Act , the section against circumventing technical protection measures .
Skylink claimed numerous defenses , including the fact that it was protected by 1201 ( f ) on reverse engineering .
In addition , Skylink argued that the rolling code was not DRM , since it did not protect access to some copyrighted computer code but to " an uncopyrightable process " ( the opening of a garage door ) .
Making criminals of customers
The case went badly for Chamberlain , both at the federal courthouse here in Chicago and then when the Court of Appeals took up the case in 2004 .
Both times , some of the highest judges in the country found the argument preposterous ; if true , not only would a third - party competitor who made garage door openers be guilty of trafficking in illicit devices , but every homeowner who used a Skylink remote would themselves have violated the DMCA 's anticircumvention rules .
Both federal courts that looked at the case " declined to adopt a construction with such dire implications . "
In other words , they refused to say that hundreds of thousands of garage - door owning Americans were breaking federal law by purchasing cheap replacement remotes .
( One wonders whether this logic would be extended to ripping a DVD onto a laptop just before a flight ; the exact same consequences follow . )
But beyond this reductio ad absurdum , the courts also found a more technical reason for tossing Chamberlain 's case : the company had never proved that " the circumvention of its technological measures enabled unauthorized access to its copyrighted software , " with the key word being " unauthorized . "
If Chamberlain had only made clear in advance that certain uses were unauthorized , who knows ?
It might have prevailed .
As the appeals court noted when reviewing the lower court 's decision , " The District Court agreed that Chamberlain ’s unconditioned sale implied authorization ...
Chamberlain places no explicit restrictions on the types of transmitter that the homeowner may use with its system at the time of purchase .
Chamberlain ’s customers therefore assume that they enjoy all of the rights associated with the use of their GDOs and any software embedded therein that the copyright laws and other laws of commerce provide . "
The lawyers speak
So — a 2004 two - court judicial smackdown , complete with summary judgment in favor of Skylink .
The issue was n't even a close call .
So why was I standing in my garage on a cool November Saturday , staring down at text telling me I could not use non-rolling code transmitters ?
I checked the date on the manual ; it was from 2006 , and other recent manuals on Chamberlain 's website contain the same statement .
I checked in with several lawyers who had participated in the Chamberlain / Skylink case .
Matt Schruers filed an amicus brief in the case on behalf of computer industry trade group CCIA , which argued that the DMCA could not be used merely to prevent competition .
When I asked Schruers what he made of the notice , he was intrigued .
" I keep seeing the Chamberlain door openers in the Costco and I 've wondered what they were up to these days , " he said .
As for the notice , he said it looked like " an effort to write around the conclusion that the Federal Circuit reached " by clearly refusing authorization to use Skylink 's non-rolling code universal remote .
Seth Greenstein , who litigated a similar case involving Lexmark toner and ink cartridges ( see below ) , agreed that the notice in my manual was an attempt to bypass a part of the court 's logic .
" The element relevant to your question is that the access enabled by the circumvention must be unauthorized , " he said .
" The court found the unrestricted sale of the GDO implicitly authorized the purchaser to use the opener , including the right to acquire replacement controls .
The new text ostensibly remedies that prior omission . "
But Schruers did n't think the text was likely to stand up in court .
" The revocation of authorization would , at a minimum , need to be part of an explicit contract between the buyer and seller , " he pointed out , which appears to be lacking here .
" All that being said , " he added , " nothing seems to prevent Chamberlain from attempting to prohibit certain conduct in their documentation , even if the prohibition is unenforceable .
By way of example , DVDs marked ' for home use ' or ' non-commercial private use only ' are not legally restricted as such .
Unless there is a contract , those representations are not true .
A given use , e.g. , classroom showing , is permitted or infringing depending on copyright law , not what is printed on the packaging — unless there is a contract including that restriction .
Rightsholders still print such claims on the packaging , however .
They might as well print that infringers are obligated to forfeit their first - born child . "
Jonathan Band , a DC lawyer who also worked on the CCIA brief and is now in private practice , noted that Chamberlain also had to overcome a second hurdle .
" While the case was on appeal , " he said , " Chamberlain added the language that you saw in an effort to argue with respect to new openers that there was no authorization .
[ But ] the Federal Circuit decided the case on other grounds , i.e. , that there was no nexus between the circumvention and infringement .
Thus , the Chamberlain language does not affect the Federal Circuit 's rationale . "
I went back to the appeals court decision and found the section that Band was referencing .
While the court did speak extensively about " authorization , " it also made the following crucial point :
" The essence of the DMCA ’s anticircumvention provisions is that sections 1201 ( a ) , ( b ) establish causes of action for liability .
They do not establish a new property right .
The DMCA 's text indicates that circumvention is not infringement . "
Translated into English , the court is saying that DMCA anticircumvention rules only provide new liability for accessing copyrighted material without authorization , but that circumvention itself was not a copyright violation .
Since Skylink 's remote did not make copies of Chamberlain code and did not provide access to that code , the necessary " nexus " between bypassing the DRM and infringing on Chamberlain copyrights was missing .
We contacted Chamberlain to get their side of the story but received no response .
WASHINGTON  Alarmed by the suicides of eight soldiers in the year 's first eight days , the Army 's No. 2 general told commanders to have face - to - face contact with GIs to remind them " each one is valued by our Army , " according to the Jan. 8 memorandum provided to USA TODAY .
Gen .
Peter Chiarelli , the Army 's vice chief of staff , reinforced that message last week , telling leaders in a videoconference they must pay extra attention to soldiers who are moving from one installation to another and may need more help , says Col.
Chris Philbrick , head of the Army 's suicide task force .
Although Army officials say the suicide rate has dropped since then , Chiarelli 's message illustrates the continuing challenge the service faces despite an anti-suicide campaign that started last year .
The military faces a suicide " crisis , " said Adm .
Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , at a conference in Washington this month .
The 160 confirmed and suspected Army suicides among active - duty soldiers in 2009 was a record .
Winter months were the worst , records show .
Twenty - nine soldiers in all parts of the Army killed themselves in January 2009 , nearly twice the 15 killed in combat that month ..
In February , 27 more committed suicide .
The Marine Corps suffered a record 52 suicides last year .
Army officers and supervisors must " troop the line , walk through the motor pool , stop by the barracks , eat a meal in the dining facility and visit the guard post at midnight . …
It is important for all soldiers to know and understand their self - worth , " Chiarelli wrote .
The rate of suicides has declined since the memo , Philbrick says , and " we are well lower ( than January 2009 ) . "
He did not provide specific numbers .
The Army 's suicide rate has nearly doubled since 2005 to 23 per 100,000 , according to data released this month .
That 's higher than the civilian rate of about 20 per 100,000 .
Suicides may be linked to lengthy separations caused by the current wars and the fractured relationships that can occur as a result , said Lt. Gen.
Eric Schoomaker , the Army surgeon general , in an interview last week .
The broken relationship may even be in terms of how a soldier sees his or her connection with the Army , he says .
" We 've seen soldiers who have received sometimes minor punishment … go out and kill themselves , " Schoomaker says .
Chiarelli appointed a task force last March to learn why more soldiers were killing themselves , and the Army increased suicide - prevention programs .
The Marine Corps last year ordered that all sergeants and corporals learn how to talk to their Marines about personal problems .
For the new , post -7/2013
Aviary , please head over to : http://www.jeffwills.net/odinsaviary
News in Science
Cell 's power packs came from within : study
A team of Australian scientists has recreated the first formation of mitochondria , which led to the evolution of the complex cells that made up life .
Their work provides concrete evidence to support one of the competing theories on how mitochondria evolved .
Mitochondria are present in all eukaryotes - organisms whose cells contain complex structures .
They produce energy and regulate cell metabolism in nearly all eukaryotic cells and even small defects in mitochondria can lead to serious defects in humans .
In a paper appearing in today 's issue of Science , Professor Trevor Lithgow and colleagues from Monash University in Melbourne , argue their work validates the view that primitive cells developed the machinery to create mitochondria from within .
An alternative theory had suggested mitochondria evolved from the transfer of proteins from an outside host cell .
Evolving the first mitochondria more than a billion years ago , Lithgow says the first eukaryotes needed to establish protein import machinery in the membranes of what was a bacterial endosymbiont .
Small changes
In tests on a modern alpha - proteobacteria , which is the closest living relative to the original bacterium that gave rise to mitochondria , Lithgow and colleagues found the component parts for the protein delivery machine were contained within the bacterium .
" All evolution had to do is find a way for the parts to come together , " says Lithgow .
His team discovered that just one small change in one of the component parts was enough to activate it , resulting in the formation of mitochondria .
Lithgow says the changes made within the laboratory experiment would have been easily made in the ancient bacterium .
The component parts in the bacterium would have already been interacting with each other , bumping into each other but not staying together .
However anything that could make them stick together for even a short period of time would have been sufficient to begin the process .
Lithgow says their experiments show Darwin 's theory of evolution at work .
" Evolution simply selects a feature because it provides an advantageous phenotype .
Through time , very complex phenotypes can evolve .
Even at the molecular level , the rules of the game are the same , " he says .
Lithgow says while the finding does not break new ground , understanding how mitochondria developed is a biological equivalent of astronomy 's Big Bang theory .
" It is part of the explanation for how life came into being , " says Lithgow .
Fundamental answers
Professor Jim Whelan , at the ARC Centre of Excellence in Plant Energy Biology at the University of Western Australia , agrees the evolution of mitochondria is a fundamental question .
" Mitochondria in all organisms come from this event , one billion years ago , that led to the formation of mitochondria , " he says .
Whelan says mitochondria are involved in many diseases and have in particular been linked to ageing neurodegenerative diseases .
" Understanding the evolution of mitochondria may provide insights to treatments , " he says .
" However , the evolution of mitochondria has diverged with various lineages .
[ For example ] , plant mitochondria differ somewhat to animal .
" This can be important as then can have different targets for drugs .
For instance , some parasites , such as malaria , resemble plant lineages .
So understanding their evolution allows design of drugs that should not affect humans . "
Whelan says a big scientific question maybe who is the master - the mitochondrion or the cell .
" Are all eukaryotic cell just incubation chambers for the ' ultimate parasite ' which is the mitochondria ? " he asks .
RAMALLAH – Israel has long argued that Palestinians should pursue their political objectives in a nonviolent way .
However , several prominent Palestinian peace activists have recently been arrested and jailed for doing just that .
Abdallah Abu Rahme , 39 , the coordinator of the Bi’lin Popular Committee , which has challenged Israel ’s illegal expropriation of Palestinian land both in an Israeli court and a Canadian one , has been charged with " illegal arms possession , stone throwing , and incitement . "
The " illegal arms possession " charge relates largely to a protest exhibition Abu Rahme had made out of spent tear - gas canisters and plastic - coated rubber bullets , shot by Israeli soldiers , and assembled to form a large peace sign .
The canisters and bullets had been aimed at unarmed demonstrators protesting Israel ’s separation wall , which divides Bi’lin villagers from their agricultural land .
Bi’lin , a small village near Ramallah , has lost about half of its agricultural land to the wall , depriving farmers of their livelihoods .
The Israelis also allege Abu Rahme was in possession of M16 bullets .
On hearing the charge , Abu Rahme ’s Israeli lawyer , Gaby Lasky , asked , " What ’s next ?
Charging protesters money for the bullets shot at them ? ”
" We have evidence to challenge the Israel Defense Force ’s [ IDF ] version of events .
A number of Palestinian youngsters were pressured by the military into making false confessions after they were arrested at night , blindfolded , and handcuffed , " Lasky told IPS .
Abu Rahme ’s supporters include South African Nobel Peace Prize winner and former anti-apartheid activist Archbishop Desmond Tutu as well as former U.S. president Jimmy Carter and former Irish president Mary Robinson .
Ex -Norwegian prime minister Gro Brundtland has also expressed support for Abu Rahme ’s activities .
In 2008 Abu Rahme was awarded the Carl Von Ossietzky Medal for outstanding service in the pursuit of human rights by the board of trustees of the International League for Human Rights .
Israel banned him from traveling to Germany to attend last December ’s award ceremony .
Shortly before he was arrested , IPS spoke with Abu Rahme , a school teacher , on the phone , as he had gone into hiding and was unable to attend a prearranged interview .
" The Israeli soldiers have been targeting my home regularly .
They break down doors and burst in at night , leaving my wife and young children traumatized by the continual raids .
They have also been targeting the village as a whole , arresting and assaulting people , " he told IPS from an undisclosed location .
" I did n’t expect them to target me , because I have always been very open about my peaceful , anti-occupation activities and have done nothing illegal , " added Abu Rahme .
The Israeli authorities have for some time expressed frustration at their inability to crush the civil resistance organized by the Bi’lin Popular Committee , even with the excessive use of military force .
The Israeli military informed Lasky that they would seek legal means to stop the weekly protests , during which a number of Palestinians lost their lives and several internationals and Israelis sustained serious injuries , against the separation wall .
Abu Rahme ’s involvement in the protest marches led to Israel ’s vague and blanket charge of " incitement . "
Abu Rahme ’s Popular Committee also successfully challenged the route the separation barrier had taken through Bi’lin land , with an Israeli court ordering its rerouting .
The Israeli military to date has refused to implement the court ’s ruling , but this has not lessened the moral victory achieved .
The International Court of Justice at the Hague also ruled the separation wall illegal .
The Bi’lin Popular Committee has also taken the Israeli authorities to court in Canada over the involvement of two Canadian companies in illegal settlement - building on Bi’lin land .
However , Abu Rahme is not the only peaceful activist to be targeted by the Israelis as they continue their crackdown on other Palestinian dissenters .
Muhammad Othman , 33 , from Jayyous village in the northern West Bank , was also held in administrative detention , or without charge , since September last year until he was recently released .
Othman has been heavily involved in the Anti-Apartheid Wall campaign .
Like Bi’lin , Jayyous has lost land to the separation barrier .
An Israeli court also ruled that the wall cutting through Jayyous land had to be rerouted .
Last year Othman had traveled to Norway , where he met with senior Norwegian officials to explain human rights abuses in the West Bank .
Norway ’s national pension fund has subsequently divested from Elbit , the Israeli company that provides unmanned aerial vehicles and other military technology to the IDF in addition to security systems for the separation wall and settlements .
Despite Othman ’s being abused during interrogation , his interrogators were unable to charge Othman with anything , so they resorted to the administrative detention procedure , which allows mostly Palestinian prisoners to be held without trial for months at a time .
Administrative detention orders can be renewed regularly and some prisoners have been detained for several years .
Jerusalem resident Jamal Juma , 47 , the coordinator of the " Stop the Wall " Campaign was also arrested and held without access to his lawyer .
Juma ’s work has included addressing numerous civil society and UN conferences as well as writing a number of articles critical of Israel .
He was released several days ago .
It is doubtful that Israel ’s crackdown on the activists will work .
" I visited Abdallah recently in prison .
He is neither afraid nor bowed and has vowed to continue his activities whatever Israel does , " Abu Rahme ’s wife Majida told IPS .
( Inter Press Service )
Darin Mich'l is an Owner of PPR Real Estate and a Broker located in Eden Utah , Servicing Powder Mountain , Snowbasin , and Wolf Creek Utah in the Ogden Valley Utah .
For the Valley 's Best deals : I specialize in Short Sales , Repossessions , Home auctions , Bank Owned Sales , REO , FHA and VA sales , Call me for your free Home market analysis.801-888-1800 or email me
This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it . .
Darin and his family relocated to the Ogden Valley after falling in love with the beautiful area and community .
Darin Mich'l brings a track record of over 20 years in the residential and commercial real estate markets and also posseses an unwavering commitment to his customers , friends and neighbors .
As an Owner of Provident Partners Realty Darin has invested his family 's future in the local community .
PPR
Your Source for Snowbasin , Powder Mountain , Wolf Creek Resort Utah and Ogden Valley Real Estate .
When looking for Real Estate or Lodging near Snowbasin , Wolf Creek - Powder Mountain or Wolf Creek Utah , Then look no further than PPR Real Estate .
Our experienced Agents specialize in Ogden Valley Realty including Ogden City , Eden , Huntsville , Liberty , Wolf Creek , and Mt. Green .
We are comprised of local experienced agents with numerous years in this Valley .
We know the Region like the back of our hand and how to easily direct buyers to the correct property .
We also know how to guide you to enjoy all our amenities , which include incredible skiing at Snowbasin , Powder Mountain , Wolf Creek Utah Ski Resort along with Water sports on Pineview Lake and Causey reservour ( kayaking , boating , swimming , snowmobiling , tubing , sledding , motorcycling , mountain biking , fishing , boating , wake boarding , jet skiing , fly fishing )
Your one stop outdoor wonderland .
Ogden Valley Pathways ( hiking , biking , mountain biking and horseback riding trails ) are ALL located in the Valley .
Monte Cristo ( # 1 in the state for snowmobiling ) , North Fork ( groomed cross country & track skiing as well as back country skiing ) , Wolf Creek Resort ( master planned resort with 18 - hole golf course ) , Shooting Star ( the oldest Saloon West of the Mississippi ) .
We enjoy fantastic restaurants like Carlos and Harleys with their 745 Sports Bar and the Double Diamond along with all this recreation that is offered with our moderate , mountain desert climate with over three quarters of the year being amazingly brilliant , bluebird days with virtually no humidity .
We would love to show you what we know , and how to make the most of Ogden Valley region .
Please feel free to call us anytime 801- 888-1800 even if its just for basic
This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it . .
Ogden City and Ogden Valley are divided by the Ogden Canyon a total of 8 miles through this beautifully scenic canyon Scenic Byway ( waterfalls and hot springs and high mountain cliffs ) through the Wasatch Mountains .
Quite possibly the most picturesque drive in all of Utah .
Either direction , it ’s a quick 15 minute drive .
The Ogden Valley is an unspoiled rural area that has little development and mild commercial zoning that retains the charm that has gone by with eras past of so many mountain resort communities .
The regions many amenities include restaurants , coffee shops , clothing stores , interior decorators , gift shops , ski shops , hardware store , grocery store , etc are local to the valley and accessible in a couple minutes .
If you need a Home Depot , Costco or shopping mall they are only 20 minutes from Snow Basin , Wolf Creek Or Powder Mountain .
The City and the Valley are completely opposite of each other , yet remain connected in terms of amenity sharing – the city has the hustle and bustle , along with an immense amount of great shopping & dining .
The Ogden Valley has endless recreational offerings .
The connection is perfect – 20 minutes of separation , yet a huge degrees of difference .
When in the Ogden Valley , you would never guess that Ogden and Salt Lake city are as close as they are , 15 minutes and one hour respectively .
The Salt Lake City International Airport within an hour ’s drive , with hundreds of non -stop flights to every major worldwide destination .
The Valley includes three townships , Huntsville , Eden and Liberty .
Eden is the host each August to the Ogden Valley Balloon Festival and Wolf Creek Utah ’s Music in the Mountains summer concert series including the Utah Symphony .
Snowbasin Resort is open for summer concerts , mountain biking , hiking and dining and hosts two XTERRA events annually , where the country ’s most Amazing and talented triathletes and snow sports athletes compete for status in one of the most prestigious major athletic events .
It is truly endless what you can do here .
The best of every conceivable Outdoor Sport or recreation is within minutes .
Powder Mountain was ranked # 1 by SKI Magazine for snow and Snowbasin # 1 for lifts and service last season .
There 's also Wolf Creek Utah Ski Resort which is Local ski hill where thousands of local Utah residents took their first run .
An affordable and a great place to learn to ski , board , mountain bike or just sit and soak up the suns rays .
Snowbasin Ski Resort is very renown for its Olympic quality runs and high end affordable ski resort amenities .
It is said that a picture is worth a thousand words .
Although the beauty and grandeur of the mountains above and valleys below Snowbasin have inspired many pictures , the ability to describe such vistas have been hard to capture , bringing many aspiring writers back to our slopes again and again .
Snowbasin 's man-made structures and attention to service details are equally inspiring to our visitors .
The About Snowbasin section is dedicated to telling you about the incredible vistas of nature , culinary delights and pampered service available at the resort , so feel free to learn and explore here , then come explore the real experience at Snowbasin : A Sun Valley Resort !
At PPR , we represent our real estate clients diligently and honestly .
We honestly care about the community and know that what happens today effects relationships , lives and business tomorrow .
We promote positive growth in the community and will be forthright , fair and loyal .
Anyone that knows or has worked with our agents , know that we ’re Talented and Honest .
It ’s at the core of our business .
Click here to search local real estate .
Offering Diligent and unparalleled service for our customers is our main focus .
Please stop by 9 - 5 Monday through Saturday to visit our office in the Carlos and Harley 's Fresh Mex Cantina in the Historic Eden General Store Building in Old Town Eden or Call 801-888-1800 to talk to one of our agents today .
PPR Real Estate is a proud sponsor of many local fundraisers and events .
This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
or call at 801-888-1800 anytime .
email me :
This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Ogden Valley Realty Welcomes Summit Series Group
" We think we can do something great here , " said Summit ’s 27 - year - old founder and CEO , Elliott Bisnow , noting the new owners have jettisoned previous plans to transform Powder Mountain with close to 4,000 dwelling units .
" Our footprint will be more modest , " he added — 500 homes in a horseshoe around a village on the resort ’s east side , not visible from Powder Mountain ’s main facilities .
" I fell in love with every single thing you heard about the character of Powder Mountain and what it stood for .
It was the last undeveloped resort , " Bisnow said of his first trip to the upper Ogden Valley ski area in July 2011 .
" I thought , ‘ What if we could take this resort and preserve what it is ? ’ " Bisnow took his idea to the Summit team , who bought into the concept .
" We ’re not trying to shake things up but enhance what ’s here , " said Thayer Walker , a Summit partner .
" If we do things in a smart , incremental , sustainable fashion , we can preserve Powder Mountain ’s character for years . "
That ’s because Summit ’s mission is different than most companies , said co-founder Jeff Rosenthal .
" We ’re looking for a return on community rather than a return on investment . "
Source : Incoming Powder Mountain owners to enhance resort - Standard Examiner
Read More about Summit Series Group and Summit Eden
Paper Dolls or the Heimlich , the Zipper or the Cliffhanger - how do you and your partner share a bed ?
Pictures taken from The Secret Language Of Sleep : A Couple 's Guide To The 39 Positions , by Evany Thomas and Amelia Bauer , published on 1 February by ­McSweeney 's at £ 12.99 .
To order a copy for £ 11.99 , with free UK p&p , go to guardian .
co.uk / bookshop or call 0330 333 6846 .
When writing the gccgo frontend I had to figure out how to write a new gcc frontend .
This is a largely undocumented procedure .
Unfortunately , I did not take notes as I went along .
However , here are some retrospective comments .
Every gcc frontend needs a set of language hooks .
This is done by including " langhooks - def.h " and writing struct lang_hooks lang_hooks = LANG_HOOKS_INITIALIZER
; .
The specific language hooks are defined via various LANG_HOOKS_xxx macros .
Some language hooks are required even though for a language like
Go there is nothing for them to do : LANG_HOOKS_GLOBAL_BINDINGS_P , LANG_HOOKS_PUSHDECL , LANG_HOOKS_GETDECLS
.
Also LANG_HOOKS_TYPE_FOR_MODE
and LANG_HOOKS_TYPE_FOR_SIZE
must be defined and must do something reasonable .
The LANG_HOOKS_INIT function must call some functions : build_common_tree_nodes , set_sizetype , build_common_tree_nodes_2 , build_common_builtin_nodes .
It must also set the global variable void_list_node .
As far as I know all these steps are required and none of them are documented .
The LANG_HOOKS_POST_OPTIONS hook must set flag_excess_precision_cmdline .
The main language hook is LANG_HOOKS_PARSE_FILE .
It will find the input file names in the global variables in_fnames and num_in_fnames .
At that point the frontend can take over and do the actual parsing and initial compilation .
After LANG_HOOKS_PARSE_FILE
creates a complete parse tree ( in a global variable ) and returns , the rest of the work is done by LANG_HOOKS_WRITE_GLOBALS .
The gccgo frontend generates GENERIC , although these days it could be modified to generate GIMPLE instead .
This basically means creating appropriate DECL nodes for all the global types , variables , and functions .
For a function , the frontend must create a cfun structure via push_struct_function or similar , and it must set current_function_decl .
The frontend must not only create the FUNCTION_DECL , it must fill in the DECL_RESULT field with a RESULT_DECL .
After creating the GENERIC or GIMPLE , it should call cgraph_finalize_function .
After all the functions have been finalized and the global variables created , the frontend must call cgraph_finalize_compilation_unit .
That is where the middle - end really takes over and generates code .
The frontend must finish by calling wrapup_global_declarations , check_global_declarations , and emit_debug_global_declarations .
The above is probably slightly inaccurate , and I ’m sure I ’ve left out some details .
And , of course , the frontend interfaces changes with each new gcc release .
However , if you are interested in writing a gcc frontend , I hope this will give you a start .
But bizarrely enough , it has n't happened .
Sure , there has been plenty of muttering about economists ' shortcomings ; the groans at their failed forecasts ( for instance , the fact that house prices , far from falling by 10 per cent this year as predicted , have actually risen by around 3 per cent ) are louder .
But even today , in the shadow of the worst economic collapse since the Great Depression , we still listen obediently when they dispense their wisdom .
The ratings agencies , which ought to have had the hardest fall from grace after famously deeming worthless " toxic " assets to be among the highest - grade investments , are still able to provoke panic by merely hinting that they are planning to downgrade a country 's debt .
We continue to hang on the words of Nobel laureates and professors who entirely failed to see the crisis coming .
Australian tourists stranded by mudslides in Peru say they are getting little or no assistance from the Australian Government .
About 2,000 people are stuck in the town of Aguas Calientes , at the foot of the famous Incan ruins of Machu Picchu , after mudslides swept away roads and train lines to the area .
The Department of Foreign Affairs ( DFAT ) says its consular staff in Lima are in direct contact with many Australians and their tour providers , and it understands alternative transport arrangements are being made to get people out .
But in an email , stranded Sydney couple Julie Nemcich , 29 , and Angus Lander , 27 have told the ABC that they have received little information about the situation , and are getting " no help from the [ Australian ] consulate or embassy " .
" We are completely stranded in Aguas Calientes and are getting little to no news on when we can leave , " they wrote .
" People are dying in landslides all around us and the Peruvian government wo n't let US and Argentinian choppers land to help people .
" The only people that are getting out are those that have privately chartered choppers , and a few paltry trips in the Peruvian choppers .
" There are literally hundreds of Aussies here .
We are by far the biggest nationality stuck here aside from Argentinians possibly , and we are getting no help from the consulate or embassy .
" People have been trying to walk out along trails and they have died .
" An Argentinian girl and a tour guide died in a landslide in the exact place where we camped on the last night of our trail .
" We are seriously worried because there is meant to be five days of rain coming and that means no choppers , less or no food and water , and possibly no electricity to communicate .
" We are safe right now but are really concerned about what will happen from now with no help from the Australian Government .
" We need pressure for them to find out why we can't get out on the choppers waiting to help people . "
Authorities in the area of the mudslides say at least five people have been killed in the mudslides .
The City of Norfolk , Virginia is reeling from a massive computer meltdown in which an unidentified family of malicious code destroyed data on nearly 800 computers citywide .
The incident is still under investigation , but city officials say the attack may have been the result of a computer time bomb planted in advance by an insider or employee and designed to trigger at a specific date .
Hap Cluff , director of the information technology department for the City of Norfolk , said the incident began on Feb. 9 , and that the city has been working ever since to rebuild 784 PCs and laptops that were hit ( the city manages roughly 4,500 systems total ) .
“ We do n’t believe it came in from the Internet .
We do n’t know how it got into our system , ” Cluff said .
“ We speculate it could have been a ‘ time bomb ’ waiting until a date or time to trigger .
Whatever it was , it essentially destroyed these machines . ”
Cluff said the malicious software appears to have been designed to trash vital operating files in the Windows \System32 folder on the infected machines .
Cluff said a healthy , functioning System32 directory weighs in at around 1.5GB , but the computers infected with this as - yet - unidentified malware had their System32 folders chopped down to around a third of that size , rendering them unbootable .
Cluff added that city employees are urged to store their data on file servers , which were largely untouched by the attack , but he said employees who ignored that advice and stored important documents on affected desktop computers may have lost those files .
IT specialists for the city found that the system serving as the distribution point for the malware within the city ’s network was a print server that handles printing jobs for Norfolk City Hall .
However , an exact copy of the malware on that server may never be recovered , as city computer technicians quickly isolated and rebuilt the offending print server .
“ Obviously , our first reaction was to shut it down and restore services , and at least initially we were n’t concerned about capturing [ the malware ] or setting it aside , ” Cluff said .
Cluff said the city is treating the incident as a crime , and that it has notified the FBI .
“ We will be quarantining several PCs from various locations and tracking their chain of custody to assist in any forensics analysis , ” he said .
Only those PCs that happen to have been “ shut down ” between 4:30 p.m. and 5:30 p.m. Tuesday , Feb. 9 were impacted by the attack , Cluff added .
That ’s in part because of the data destruction , but also because the malware also modified the “ boot.ini ” file , an essential file that tells the computer the location of the Windows operating system .
“ This was the amount of time it took our network and security engineers from discovery to containment , ” he said .
“ So all those employees who were being ‘ green ’ …. we now know who they are . ’ ”
Tags : city of norfolk , hap cluff , logic bomb , time bomb
With this week 's episode being the last we 'll see for awhile of the show hyped as " The New Lost , " it seems like a good time to look back at what we know about FlashForward and ask , What went wrong ?
Advertisement
Theoretically , " A561984 " should 've left us hooked and unable to wait for the next episode of the show - which has now been pushed to March from its original January return , following production on the series being stopped by ABC - but instead , it left us frustrated at the characters and bored of the show 's mysteries already .
With audiences leaving the show in worrying numbers , it 's a safe bet to say that we 're not the only ones .
But why ?
Advertisement
Who Are These People ?
While Lost may ultimately be about the mythology of the show ( What is the Island ?
Who is Jacob ?
Why are these people seemingly destined to be connected to the Island ? etc. ) , the show became a success because of the strength of its characters , and character interaction .
Lost is full of great characters , whether it 's Ben or Locke , Sawyer or Daniel or Juliet ... and FlashForward has ... uhhh ... well , Mark Benford , the alcoholic FBI agent who apparently thinks so little before he acts that it's a surprise that he 's made it this far in his career without being fired multiple times already .
And Olivia , his wife , who 's a good surgeon and ... does n't really seem to have any other character traits apart from getting exasperated at her husband .
Or there 's Bryce , who was suicidal but then found love and so now he 's fine , apparently .
Or Lloyd , who 's a good man who loves his son , and ... well , that 's about it .
All of the characters in the show seem like shorthand as opposed to people we can empathize and believe in ; the only time someone steps outside of their one - line description , it 's to serve a plot twist that may be shocking but does n't stand up to analysis ( See Gough 's suicide in " The Gift " :
Where did that come from , given what we 'd seen of him before ? ) .
Which reminds me ...
What Is This All About ?
Even without strong characters , a good plot can still suck you in .
But FlashForward does n't have a good plot , or even a particularly linear one .
Instead , it 's all over the place , mixing in terrorist threats with Blackwater - esque corporate conspiracy theories , star - crossed lovers and medical dramas , murder mysteries and soap operatics about marriages and alcoholic fathers relating to their long - lost daughters ... everything except the science fiction behind the FlashForward , which has become the McGuffin that gets lip service every now and again .
In fact , there 's so much everything that the show feels not just unfocused , but incoherent .
What 's FlashForward actually about ?
Ten episodes in , I 'm not sure that I really know anymore .
And that 's a pretty big problem .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Why Should I Care ?
" The Gift , " where FBI agent Al Gough kills himself and therefore proves that not all of the FlashForwards are going to come true , may have been one of the series ' most talked - about episodes so far , but it's also the one that broke the show .
If we know that the FlashForwards can be avoided , then the tension of the " fated " events is lost :
Mark does n't want to start drinking again ?
He does n't have to .
Olivia does n't want to cheat on her husband ?
She does n't have to .
It breaks the engine of the show , the inevitability that the characters should be fighting against , and makes every fulfillment of every bad thing that happens into a failure of the characters ' inner strength .
Who wants to watch that ?
( I would 've loved it if we 'd seen that Gough 's suicide ended up being the event that caused the death of the woman he was trying to save anyway , thereby proving that the events will happen nonetheless -
We know , on some level , that not everything foreseen will happen , because it 's extremely unlikely that Mark will kill Demetri , but the " You can avoid fate ! " card should 've been saved until later , so we 'd spend more time believing that he would . )
Advertisement
FlashForward is its own worst enemy ; it 's a show that has an interesting central concept , but has little idea what to do with it , meaning that it tries to be multiple shows at once , contradicts its own mythology ( The future will happen as seen in the FlashForwards except when it does n't , apparently ? ) and because of that , seems like a show that has no identity or purpose .
Somewhere in the jumble of everything we 've seen so far is a good show ; it'd be nice if , in the second half of the season , they can find it .
( l.sick satanic ritual sacrifice )
We revisit the deathbed confessions
of Frater 616 which revealed that Satanism
has corrupted society to a far greater degree
than we ever imagined .
This may explain
( from Jan 3 , 2010 )
Related -
Google " Makow , Aloysius Fozdyke " for a dozen more articles by the man who released Frater 616's last testament to the world .
First Comment from Dan : Fozdyke Unreliable
During Aloysius
Fozdyke's two year tenure of dropping the occasional update here , he threw out several forecasts of major events , most of which did n't pan out .
Also , he made zero forecasts of unanticipated events , such as a favorite target of his vitriol - Australian PM Julia Gillard 's ouster from the Australian Labor Party and politics in 2013 .
It turned out that Gillard did her best to RESTORE Australia 's long standing ' Pacific Solution ' immigration policy .
You see when Australia was beset by fleets of ships loaded with " asylum seekers " in 2001 , the Pacific Solution diverted them to two islands so authorities could process their claims rather than just turning them loose on the mainland .
Australian Globalist hatchet man Kevin Rudd led the dismantling of the Pacific Solution by 2008 .
But 2010 Rudd had lost control of the Labor Party .
Julia Gillard won the Party leadership vote and became PM .
It seemed the typical phony ' right left ' dialectic to quell public restlessness .
But she did actually restore immigration protection in 2011 , drawing howls and hisses from all the Globalist NGO 's around the world .
By 2013 Rudd wrested power back from her on a ' winner take all ' bet .
He won the Party confidence vote and Gillard retired from politics .
In my opinion she 's the reason Australia has n't gone the way of Germany and France already .
It 's all about the ' diversity ' .
Speaking of multiculturalism , here 's an error in Narsagonon's ' confession ' in his list of " influences of Satanism in the Modern world ' in today 's reprise of the 2010 article .
" Multiculturalism foisted on the First World ( with exception of Japan . ) "
Incorrect .
The Japanese birth rate happens to be as bad , or worse than Sweden and the white countries .
And they are getting the same Miscegnation solution rhetoric as we get in Europe , UK and North America .
So , with apologies to Mitsuko Aoyama - Kalergi , the Japanese are to be bred out too .
" Japan 's society is becoming more culturally diverse as the number of foreign residents increases .
The foreign population living in Japan exceeded two million as of 2011 . " ~ Japan Local Government Centre website
So whomever wrote Frater 616's ' confession ' and Frater Fozdyke 's forecasts - nice try , but you 're not a very well informed Globalist .
Here 's Mister Fozdyke 's forecast from January 20 , 2011 :
Satanist Insider : " The Party is Beginning ! "
He confidently predicted , " The Kenyan ( Obama ) wo n't be re-elected . "
by
Lexicographer Erin McKean is a senior editor at OUP as well as editor of Verbatim , “ the only magazine of language and linguistics for the layperson . ”
Yesterday on Public Radio International ’s show “ The Next Big Thing ” she said she wanted to bring three obscure words into use ( and tried to bribe John Linnell of the group “ They Might Be Giants ” into using all three in liner notes so she could cite them ) ; the words were contrecoup , craniosophic , and limerent .
The first means ‘ The effect of a blow , as an injury , fracture , produced exactly opposite , or at some distance from , the part actually struck ’ ( OED ) , and there is a gap of over a century in citations , between 1882 ( Syd. Soc. Lex. , “ Contre - coup .. is often very severe in the skull , for instance , the bone may be fractured on the opposite side to the seat of injury ” ) and a rash of uses in 2003 ; the second , meaning ‘ learned in skulls , ’ has been used only once , in 1819 ( in a phrenological context ) ; and the third is the adjective from the noun limerence — the noun , meaning ‘ The state of being romantically infatuated or obsessed with another person , ’ is common enough , but Erin wants more citations for the adjective ( the latest edition of the OED has three , the latest being from 1998 : V. C. DE MUNCK Romantic Love & Sexual Behavior iii. 80 If limerent , she would not have been able to stop thinking about Rhett ” ) .
What ’s particularly interesting about limerence is its etymology , or lack thereof , as explained in this quote from Dorothy Tennov , the word ’s inventor :
1977 Observer 11 Sept. 3/9 , I first used the term ‘ amorance ’ then changed it back to ‘ limerence ’ …
It has no roots whatsoever .
It looks nice .
It works well in French .
Take it from me it has no etymology whatsoever .
The feisty Scottish poet Liz Lochhead promptly used it in The Grimm Sisters ( 1981 ) : “ From limerance and venery / She flinched as at fire , ” which would seem to give the word a certain literary cachet .
So let ’s get limerent !
( Thanks to Songdog for alerting me to the show . )
Erin , by the way , is the author of this marvelous paragraph ( from the anthology Verbatim , which I will obviously have to get a copy of ) , quoted at UJG last November :
When someone starts complaining to me about grammar , I listen intently .
Not so much because I am entranced by yet another rant about the declining grammaticality of speaking and writing today , but because I am sure to hear an error in the speech of the ranter .
It ’s almost inevitable .
English is a slippery divil ; the rules are lagging far behind the caravan , and the inmates are not only running the asylum , they ’re instituting managed care and turning a stupendous profit .
English is messy , uninhibited , sprawling , and sloppy .
That ’s what I like about it .
It ’s a miracle when a good stylist can take the unmangeable tangle that is our language and craft a sparkling , coherent , evocative sentence out of it .
In Verbatim , we believe that good writers are good writers not because of the rules of English , but in spite of them .
And Liz Lochhead , in a recent poem “ Kidspoem / Bairnsang , ” wrote this about using Scots :
We will be presenting a number of previously undisclosed network - related design errors , ranging from data - link - layer bugs in Ethernet - drivers across issues in TCP / IP stacks all the way up to communication infrastructure components on layer 5 .
Our focus is on subtle mistakes , which do not fall into the memory - corruption category and yet in combination provide an attacker with a powerful bag of tricks .
Built around a fictional average company network , we will tell the story of an attack making use of subtle bugs across the layers all of which are as of yet undisclosed .
This will include a bug in an Ethernet - driver , which allows an attacker to bypass MAC - and IP - based filters , bugs in TCP - implementations that are assumed to be fixed but are n't , a web - cache which confuses itself and an instant - messenger , which was fooled by the protocol specification .
All of these bugs share a common property :
They are a consequence of insecure design and not of insecure coding - practices .
It ’s a pretty well known fact that Canadian film director , producer and screenwriter - James Cameron has a love for the Ocean and of Space & Alien life .
One of the most well known Celebrity Scuba Divers , his love for these two subjects is apparent in most of his movies right from the ‘ Alien ’ series , ‘ Titanic ’ , ‘ The Abyss ’ , ‘ Volcanoes of the Deep Sea ’ and is even clearly seen in his latest blockbuster and superhit movie ‘ Avatar ’ .
Now you ’re thinking , you get the Alien bit about ‘ Avatar ’ , but you do n’t see anything to do with the Ocean , right ?
Well if you look closely , Cameron ’s influence of Scuba diving and love of the sea with it ’s fascinating and unique life is deeply embedded in the movie .
Some of the computer generated flora and fauna in the movie Avatar have an uncanny resemblance to marine life which Cameron himself has admitted to being influenced by in interview about this movie and his past work .
Remember the scene where Jake Sully ( Worthington ) wonders off distracted by his surroundings , while Dr. Grace ( Sigourney Weaver ) and biologist Norm were busy collecting samples , he comes to a patch of rather tall spiral looking flowers they call ‘ Helicoradian flowers ’ .
On his touch the flowers shrink or rather retract into the ground … sound familiar to the Christmas Tree Worm you ’ve seen when you went diving ?
Only the Christmas Tree Worm is a lot smaller than in the movie as seen in the picture above .
How about the seeds of the sacred tree Eyra ?
Their movement seem strangely familiar to that of jellyfish ?
Well these similarities to marine life in Cameron ’s movie are far from coincidences .
James Cameron has previously been quoted saying -
“ I learned to scuba dive in a pool .
It was n’t until I moved to California that I ever even scuba dived in the ocean .
But I just loved it .
I loved this idea that there was this alien atmosphere right here on planet earth .
I knew that I was never going to be an astronaut and visit another star system or land on another planet , but I knew I could explore an alien world right here . ” – James Cameron
When asked about his Aquatic influences in an interview about Avatar , he replied :
“ I just swept in every design influence in my life .
I ’ve always had this deep respect for nature and a lot of my youth was out in the woods hiking around .
I was a total science geek .
I spent over 2,500 hours underwater and I ’ve seen things that are absolutely astonishing on the bottom of the ocean .
It really is like an alien planet .
I ’ve always felt like that ’s something I ’ve been able to do was live out a science - fiction fantasy adventure for real in my diving work .
So yeah , there ’s a lot of stuff there .
There ’s even a lot of stuff in the shallow ocean that ’s influenced things .
The Banshee wings are based on the colourations of tropical fish , for example .
We were a little concerned that these large creatures would n’t scale with these incredibly vivid colour patterns , but we managed to make that work . ” – James Cameron ( see full interview )
It also comes as no shocker that Cameron ’s next project is yet another water influenced movie titled ‘ The Dive ’ based on a true story of a Cuban free diver Francisco “ Pipin ” Ferreras and Frenchwoman Audrey Mestre who went on to break several world records under his guidance before dying in 2002 while competing .
“ It ’s a drama , a love story , ” Cameron said .
“ This will require underwater photography , which will look gorgeous in 3 - D . ”
So , we ’re certain to see more of Cameron ’s scuba diving influences in his future endeavors .
And when you watch the much talked about sequel to Avatar which is speculated , keep your eyes peeled for more such similarities to the water world .
* Photo credits : photos by Nick Hobgood , Loimere on flickr
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
India has firmly backed climate change chief Rajendra Pachauri - who has been under attack over recent scientific errors - at UN - led talks in Delhi .
PM Manmohan Singh said India had " full confidence " in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and its chairman , Dr Pachauri .
Environment minister Jairam Ramesh , previously critical of the IPCC , said the government backed him to the hilt .
The Delhi talks are the first major climate change forum since Copenhagen .
The convention comes amid a row over climate change science which has seen sceptics seize on scientific errors to support their case .
The IPCC - the UN 's climate science body - admitted last month that it had made a mistake in asserting that Himalayan glaciers could disappear by 2035 , a date it included in its 2007 assessment of climate impacts .
The issue , which BBC News first reported on 5 December , has reverberated around climate websites since .
Himalayas glacier deadline ' wrong '
Mr Singh sought to play down the row as he gave his support to Dr Pachauri .
" Some aspects of the science that is reflected in the work of IPCC have faced criticism , but this debate does not challenge the core projections of the IPCC about the impact of [ greenhouse gases ] on temperature , sea - level rise and rainfall , " he said .
" India has full confidence in the IPCC process and its leadership and will support it in every way that we can . "
He said the latest talks were an important step in moving forward from the Copenhagen climate summit in December , at which no new global agreement was reached .
Speaking in Delhi on Thursday , UN Framework Convention on Climate Change executive secretary Yvo de Boer also said errors in the IPCC report on Himalayan glaciers should not detract from the overall conclusions drawn in the study .
There is one mistake that occurred unfortunately , and we have clearly accepted that ; we have expressed regret that it took place
Rajendra Pachauri
IPCC chairman
Profile : Rajendra Pachauri
He acknowledged some mistakes had been made , but said the science behind global warming " remains robust " and that the report itself was underpinning political decision - making in a serious way .
Dr Pachauri defended the IPCC 's record in an interview with the BBC .
" There is one mistake that occurred unfortunately , and we have clearly accepted that ; we have expressed regret that it took place , " he said .
" But there 's a huge volume of science over there - I mean , the IPCC 's fourth assessment report is a massive piece of work - and I think all of what we have said over there is totally valid . "
Dr Pachauri also dismissed UK press allegations that he has made a fortune from carbon trading thanks to links between The Energy Research Institute ( Teri ) , which he heads , and private companies .
Any money he earned from advising companies went to Teri , he said , adding : " Not a single penny goes into my pocket . "
' Wildly inaccurate ' Mr Ramesh 's current support for Dr Pachauri follows stern words from the environment minister last month .
ANALYSIS Richard Black ,
BBC News environment correspondent
The endorsement that Manmohan Singh has given to Rajendra Pachauri appears highly significant in two ways .
For him personally , it is strong backing from a government that in recent months has been a harsh critic .
For senior UN officials , support from their " home " government can be vital to keeping their jobs when criticism is in the air , as it is now .
More importantly , Mr Singh 's choice of words makes clear that despite the IPCC 's recently documented lapse over the likely melting date for Himalayan glaciers , his government finds no reason to dispute the panel 's core projections about the progress of climate change or its impacts .
That appears to be the case among virtually all governments , with only some Chinese and Saudi officials expressing doubts .
Richard Black 's Earth Watch blog Mr Ramesh said there was no " conclusive scientific evidence " linking global warming to the melting of glaciers and that the IPCC had " a lot of answering to do " on how it had reached its 2035 date .
Academics had previously questioned the IPCC 's 2035 figure , saying it was " wildly inaccurate " .
The BBC's Chris Morris in Delhi says that after the failure of the Copenhagen summit to reach a comprehensive agreement on tackling climate change , this has been a bad start to the new year for the UN negotiating process .
The UN , along with a number of other nations - such as the EU , is hoping that a legally binding can finally be reached at the next major climate summit in Mexico City later this year .
But for the moment , controversy over climate science has taken centre stage , adding fuel to the arguments of sceptics who believe global warming theories are alarmist , our correspondent says .
Late last year , the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the UK's University of East Anglia was also engulfed in a row over leaked e-mails between leading climate scientists that led to accusations that evidence against man-made global warming was being suppressed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Caucasians and Asians do n't examine faces in the same way , according to new research .
PhD student Caroline Blais , of the Université de Montréal Department of Psychology , has published two studies on the subject : one in Current Biology and the other in PLoS One .
Previous studies have shown that people collect information by mostly studying the eyes as well as the mouth of a face .
" The problem is that these studies always used Caucasian test subjects , " says Blais .
Questioning the universality of facial recognition began after studies showed that Asians study faces in an overall fashion , while Caucasians break down faces into distinct parts .
Blais used a camera designed to track eye movements to study 14 Caucasian and 14 Asian participants .
As part of the experiment , subjects were shown 112 Caucasian and Asian faces and asked to report if they had seen the face before and to name the dominating trait .
The study confirmed that Caucasians study the triangle of the eyes and mouth , while Asians focus on the nose .
Caucasian and Asian subjects excelled at recognizing someone of their race , yet both had the same level of difficulty in identifying someone of another ethnic group .
According to Blais , this says more about the analytical approach of Caucasians and the holistic approach of Asians .
In a second experiment , test subjects had to pinpoint an emotion : surprise , fear , disgust or joy .
Asians mostly focused on the eyes and not enough on the mouth , which meant some emotions were wrongly identified .
" Asians had particular problems with negative emotions .
They confused fear and surprise as well as disgust and anger , " says Blais .
" This is because they avoided looking at the mouth which provides a lot of information about these emotions . "
Cultural or biological causes , Blais says , might explain why humans do n't read faces in a universal fashion .
Last week , several commenters on this blog suggested that wearing a short skirt is like walking alone in a bad neighborhood — - it ’s an unsafe behavior that makes women more vulnerable to sexual assault .
I live in a neighborhood that has been dismissed by some as a “ bad neighborhood . ”
So when I see comparisons to sexual assault that go like this . . .
If I ’m walking late at night in a bad neighborhood with few people around and someone sticks a gun in my ribs and robs me , I was n’t asking to be robbed and I was n’t consenting to being robbed .
I was not taking appropriate precautions against getting robbed .
I was robbed and as I wish to avoid being robbed , I will endeavor to not put myself in circumstances where a criminal will take advantage and rob me .
. . . it is obvious to me that the person floating this little analogy has not considered the reality of the person who cannot avoid these “ circumstances . ”
The person that compares sexual assault to getting mugged after “ walking in a bad neighborhood ” does not consider the mugging victim who lives in that bad neighborhood because he can’t afford a place with less street crime .
He does not consider the mugging victim who works late into the night so that he can pay his rent .
He does not consider the mugging victim who does not have the means to fastidiously avoid his life circumstances .
More than likely , the mugging victim in this analogy has the privilege of avoiding bad neighborhoods .
He lives in a good neighborhood , works in a good neighborhood , eats in a good neighborhood , hangs out with friends in a good neighborhood , and gets wasted in a good neighborhood .
He grew up in a good neighborhood and will raise his children in a good neighborhood .
If he ever does cross over onto the wrong side of the tracks , it is strictly a voluntary — - and wholly avoidable — - diversion .
Tell a Georgetown resident that he needs to stay in Georgetown to avoid street crime , and he can easily satisfy that safety requirement ; tell an Anacostia resident that he needs to stick exclusively to Georgetown , and your common - sense solution becomes a lot less tenable .
Upon hearing this strategy , the Anacostia resident will likely laugh his ass off ; the Georgetown resident will have a more insidious reaction .
He ’ll start to feel a little bit empowered about his own safety .
He ’ll start to think that he has avoided being held up at gunpoint because he ’s made good decisions in his life , not because he was born into privilege .
He ’ll start to feel a little bit superior to people who live with street crime as a matter of course .
Acting like a woman , in many ways , involves performing behaviors that are out of the ordinary : shaving your entire body , coloring your lips and cheeks , lengthening your eyelashes , extending your legs on high heels , “ doing ” your hair , dieting obsessively , waxing , plucking , padding your breasts , painting your nails , stuffing your tummy into tight spandex casings , wearing skirts and dresses and pantyhose and earrings .
The behaviors associated with femininity occupy a strange space in our culture .
While they are obsessively reinforced as “ normal ” behaviors for women , they simultaneously work to situate women as abnormal , different , “ other . ”
To the average heterosexual cisgender man , refraining from performing these behaviors is just a fact of life .
For women , these feminizing behaviors are enforced from birth , and are extremely difficult to avoid .
And when women do refrain from performing these behaviors — - when they do n’t shave their body hair , do n’t cinch their waists and inflate their breasts , do n’t teeter on high heels , do n’t wear makeup , and do n’t wear skirts , just like men do n’t — - they risk being dismissed as “ abnormal ” women .
In a culture where the privileged experience of the average heterosexual cisgender man is the baseline for “ normal , ” women are seen as outsiders no matter how they act .
And so when a woman is sexually assaulted — - no matter what she ’s doing — - it ’s easy for the culture at large to insist that she ’s done something out of the ordinary to bring it upon herself .
Because women ’s lives are out of the “ ordinary . ”
Because heterosexual cisgender men are born with the privilege of not being systematically targeted as victims of sexual assault .
When you say that women who wear too - short skirts , or too - high heels , or too much make up are not sufficiently protecting themselves against rape , what you are really saying is that women who act too much like women deserve to be raped .
When you say that women who drink with the boys , or have casual sex like the boys , or walk alone like the boys are not sufficiently protecting themselves against rape , what you are really saying is that women who do n’t act enough like women deserve to be raped .
And what you are really saying is that women deserve to be raped because they ’re women .
In a culture where women ’s behavior is viewed as alien , it is this attitude that qualifies as “ normal . ”
When it comes to sexual assault , every neighborhood is a bad neighborhood for a woman .
Other rape analogies debunked :
* The “ Natural Disaster ” Theory * The “ Stroll in the Jungle ” Theory
Submit your rape analogies for analysis here .
Photo by luisvilla , Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0
Update : Police break in at UC Berkeley as talks break down .
Saw off doors , prepare to make arrests .
Police arrested 52 students protesting a tuition hike Thursday at the University of California - Davis and held them in jail overnight without food .
One was reportedly beaten by police , a source close to the incident tells Raw Story .
The incident took place in the midst of widespread protests at several University of California campuses , in response to the Board of Regents ’ decision this week to hike tuition fees by 32 percent starting next academic year .
ADVERTISEMENT
The protesters held a sit-in in Mrak Hall , an administration building on the UC - Davis campus near Sacramento that the authorities told protesters to vacate by 5 p.m. Thursday evening .
Officers from the Yolo County sheriff ’s office moved in and arrested those who did n’t comply with the order .
“ They were put in the paddy - wagon between 8 p.m. and 9 p.m. last night , and they were taken to jail and held all night long without food , ” Kristin Koster , who participated in the protests , told Raw Story .
Koster , a PhD graduate of the school and a guest lecturer , was n’t arrested , but followed to the jail those who were , and stayed there until 11 a.m.
Friday morning , when the students were released .
The students were reportedly only given food at 6 a.m. Friday .
One female protester , accused of attacking the police , was roughed up and held in solitary confinement all night , said Koster , who claimed that the student was in no way assaulting the police .
She appears to be the only one harmed in the incident , and was said to be the last person to be released from the jail Friday morning .
“ I saw her when she came out and she was completely freaked out and traumatized , ” Koster said .
“ She ’s completely falling apart , and parts of her body are hurt from what she went through last night .
She ’s a little 19 - year - old girl who just got cuffed , whipped around and slammed against a car .
She ’s talking about her hands but she ’s mostly just really traumatized .
It was n’t good treatment . ”
Koster tried calling the administrators at UC - Davis Friday morning and said “ they had no idea where the students were and took no action to find them . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ If anything , UC - Davis called the cops on their students , and then sent them off to jail in Woodland – in another town – without any legal observers , without any legal help , without notifying parents , ” she said .
University of California students have expected this tuition hike for a while , and have grown increasingly unsettled with the structural changes being made to their colleges , such as the cutting of departments and the diminishing reinvestment of their money into education .
“ I think it ’s clear that we ’re not going to have a public university system that ’s affordable and accessible anymore , ” Koster said , lamenting the cutting of state education funding and the colleges ’ increased seeking of private money .
ADVERTISEMENT
The protests were an inspiring example of students “ taking back their education , ” she said .
Tom Anzalone is proud about his father 's decision to save his beachfront home in Long Branch .
" He may be 92 , " Tom said , " but my father made all the major decisions .
It 's his house .
He has that World War II fighting ethic , fighting for his rights . "
On Tuesday , attorneys for the majority of property owners in the Marine Terrace , Ocean Terrace , Seaview Avenue neighborhood in Long Branch signed a final consent order of settlement in their long - standing eminent domain case .
As the attorney for homeowner Louis Anzalone , I was one of them .
Peter Wegener represented the other homeowners , and Scott Bullock and the Institute for Justice joined the case on appeal .
Together we formed a united front on behalf of the property owners .
Still , it was the participation of New Jersey 's Public Advocate Ronald Chen that made the difference , not only in this case but in all the important cases that are redefining the way we view eminent domain in New Jersey .
In the Long Branch matter , mediation went on for months after an August 2008 Appellate Court decision , which reversed in part and sent the case back to the court that ruled against the property owners in June 2006 .
Monmouth County Assignment Judge Lawrence Lawson wisely placed the mediation process in the hands of Superior Court Judge Thomas W. Cavanagh Jr. , who brought negotiations to fruition .
On Tuesday evening the Long Branch City Council voted 4 - 1 to accept the terms of settlement .
So the litigation is over .
The agreement dismisses the condemnation complaints , eliminates the use of eminent domain in these same properties , guarantees the property owners ' rights to redevelop their own properties , and gives the property owners the same tax abatements that would be given to any developer .
The agreement also stipulates the counsel fees that will be divided among all counsel and paid by the city , which by law are awarded when a condemnation complaint is abandoned .
And the city will upgrade streetlights and pave and maintain the roads .
The designated developer will adhere to a demolition schedule to take down those homes in the neighborhood that were vacated and boarded up .
Blight is not in the eye of the beholder , contrary to a statement made by Justice Kennedy during the oral arguments in the U.S. Supreme Court case , Kelo vs. New London .
In New Jersey , " blight " is a word that has specific meaning and a public purpose as set forth in the 1947 New Jersey Constitution .
In 1992 , the Local Redevelopment Housing Law developed criteria to determine blight that could result in a condemnation of almost any property .
And that was where the Public Advocate came in , as a friend of the court in support of the property owner 's position in the 2007 state Supreme Court case , Gallethin Realty vs. Borough of Paulsboro .
Blight has to be proved by substantial , credible evidence .
The courts insist on more than a cursory review of the properties or a recitation without substantiation of the statutory blight criteria .
Thus , there is a trend toward a more restrictive interpretation of the law .
But it is apparent that many experts presented by the municipalities do not provide substantial , credible evidence to support a conclusion that an area is in need of redevelopment .
That 's what happened in Long Branch , and that 's why the Appellate Division reversed the blight designation in 2008 .
But victory has no time to waste , resting on laurels .
Gallenthin Realty vs. Borough of Paulsboro reminds us that , while the New Jersey Legislature enlarged the power of eminent domain to include the taking of private property for redevelopment , the judiciary is the final arbiter .
The City of Long Branch vs. Anzalone case is a reminder of what remains undone .
We gain a piece here and a piece there through case law , but what is required is a comprehensive review of the statutory structure .
The New Jersey Legislature has been considering eminent domain reform for more than four years and has yet to pass substantive changes to the Eminent Domain Act of 1971 , the Local Redevelopment Housing Law , and the Relocation Assistance Act and Regulations .
A reform bill was voted out of the Sen. Ronald Rice 's Community and Urban Affairs Committee , but has not moved .
According to the Institute for Justice , 43 states have passed significant eminent domain reform since the Kelo case in 2005 .
Not New Jersey .
Without statutory reform , the potential for eminent domain abuse will continue .
And New Jersey 's property owners will fight city hall , case by case , for their homes , their farms , relocation for their small businesses , and their right to redevelop their own property .
Gravity keeps us tumbling back to Earth ( Image : SuperStock / Getty )
Editorial : A gravity story to take us out of Newton ’s orchard
WHAT exactly is gravity ?
Everybody experiences it , but pinning down why the universe has gravity in the first place has proved difficult .
Although gravity has been successfully described with laws devised by Isaac Newton and later Albert Einstein , we still do n’t know how the fundamental properties of the universe combine to create the phenomenon .
Now one theoretical physicist is proposing a radical new way to look at gravity .
Erik Verlinde of the University of Amsterdam , the Netherlands , a …
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Johnny Herbert thinks the current generation of grand prix drivers will give Michael Schumacher a hard time on track when the seven - time champion returns to action this season .
Herbert , who was paired with Schumacher at Benetton in 1995 , believes the younger drivers presently on the grid will be less willing to give way to the German than his former rivals .
" People like Lewis [ Hamilton ] , Sebastian [ Vettel ] and Jenson [ Button ] , the mentality is different now than it was when Michael was last racing .
It will be much harder on him , " said Herbert on the main stage at AUTOSPORT International .
" There was always a bit of an aura with Michael , like with Aytron [ Senna ] , when you saw the helmet in your mirror .
There were only a couple of drivers that never gave him an inch , but I think now everybody is going to be much harder on him .
" I hope there is a bit of dust up because it will spice it up .
It will show that it 's not as it used to be with Michael giving it out , at least he 'll be given it .
Lewis has always commented that it's a shame he never came up against Michael , now he 's got the opportunity and I think it will be a cracking year . "
Herbert also suspects that the lack of development possibilities under the current testing restrictions will frustrate Schumacher .
" It 's going to be very different for him , " said Herbert .
" Michael 's work ethic was always test at Fiorano , analyse , race , test , analyse , race .
It was just complete and utter development .
This time around , he 's only got February .
There 's nothing during the year .
" There are a lot of different things for him that he did n't have before .
It 's going to be a little bit different for him .
He 's 41 years - old but physically I do n't think that 's an issue for Michael because he 's definitely one of the fittest out there . "
VIAGRA and its pitchman , Bob Dole , turned erectile dysfunction into a modern man ’s malady .
Out went impotence , an unfashionable condition that nobody wanted to discuss with his doctor or lover , and in came E.D. , an in - the - know abbreviation for erectile dysfunction that neatly dovetailed with other pop-cultural acronyms like O.M.G. and L.O.L .
Now brace yourselves for P.E.  shorthand for premature ejaculation .
Johnson & Johnson has developed Priligy , a pill aimed at men who ejaculate before copulating or within seconds of beginning .
Priligy , which is intended to help prolong latency time before orgasm , went on sale earlier this year in nine countries , but it has not been approved for sale in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration .
Meanwhile , Sciele Pharma , based in Atlanta , plans to seek approval from the agency next year to market a prescription drug in the form of a metered - dose aerosol sprayed on the skin that is intended to increase latency time .
Company representatives have been making the rounds of medical conferences and meeting journalists , trying to drum up sympathy and attention for premature ejaculation as a widespread medical problem in need of a drug intervention .
“ P.E. is more prevalent than E.D. , ” Joseph T. Schepers , the company ’s director of investor relations and corporate communications , told me when his team came to the office this week as part of a press tour in Manhattan .
“ One in three men actually have the condition . ”
BBC iPlayer celebrates second birthday with record numbers reaching 88.2 million requests
Top Gear most watched programme of the year on BBC iPlayer
Figures reveal popularity of BBC shows by device
New data suggests that people take BBC iPlayer to bed
As BBC iPlayer approaches its second birthday on Christmas Day , new figures released by the BBC reveal 2009 to be the most successful to date , with Top Gear being the most watched programme of the year .
With an average of over five million unique users a week , BBC iPlayer is set to have its best Christmas yet .
New data also provides a fascinating insight into how users of BBC iPlayer , now available on more than 20 different devices , differ per platform .
Mac and PS3 users of BBC iPlayer prefer comedy shows such as Mock The Week , while PC and Virgin Media users seem to be more keen on drama , with EastEnders and Waking The Dead proving to be more popular .
In an interesting insight into how people watch BBC iPlayer , new figures also reveal how people love to watch BBC iPlayer on their mobile phones with big peaks in traffic post 9.00 pm , and again on Saturday and Sunday morning , suggesting that the nation is snuggling up with their favourite BBC programmes from the warmth and comfort of their own bed .
Erik Huggers , Director of Future Media and Technology , said : " BBC iPlayer has gone from strength to strength this year , with tens of millions of views each month .
" These figures show people are making the most of the choice they now have – whether it 's watching EastEnders on your PC during your lunch break , listening to Desert Island Discs on the bus or watching Mock The Week in bed , viewing patterns change depending on the time and location of the audience .
" We 'll be looking to increase the availability of the BBC iPlayer on new platforms and devices in coming months and are looking towards more success in 2010 . "
The BBC schedule is packed with exciting programmes this Christmas , and BBC iPlayer is the best place to catch up on anything you may have missed .
Great films including The Incredibles , Pirates Of The Caribbean : At World 's End and the Oscar - winning La Vie En Rose are all going to be available , as is David Tennant 's final outing in Doctor Who , the Strictly Come Dancing Christmas special and , for the second year running , the Her Majesty The Queen 's Christmas message will also be online for BBC iPlayer viewers .
So , no need to worry about burning the turkey or stewing the sprouts as you try to juggle your Christmas dinner plans around the TV schedule .
BBC iPlayer makes the unmissable unmissable , thus reducing the probability of any culinary related disasters .
Notes to Editors
BBC iPlayer
Since its launch on Christmas Day 2007 , BBC iPlayer has grown to a service receiving more than 80 million requests per month for BBC TV and radio programmes .
The on - demand service from the BBC allows UK audiences to catch up with their favourite BBC content broadcast over the last seven days , at a time that is suitable for them .
Audiences have a choice of streaming or downloading their chosen programme and , with series catch - up , selected programmes are made available for the entire season .
First launched on the computer , BBC iPlayer is now available on more than 20 devices , including on TV services , games consoles and mobile phones , providing UK audiences greater access to the wealth of content available from the BBC .
Programme availability differs across the different platforms .
Monthly summary : November 2009 :
November 2009 saw yet another step - change upwards in requests for TV and radio programmes on the online BBC iPlayer .
In total there were 88.2 million requests , again boosted by a record - breaking 59.6 million for TV programmes and 28.6 million radio requests .
The new series of Top Gear received an outstanding 1.2 million requests for episode one , and Life , BBC Children In Need and Russell Howard 's Good News also boosted the overall figures .
For radio , football coverage , The Chris Moyles Show and The News Quiz were among most popular titles .
Computer usage still dominates BBC iPlayer use ( 86 % of requests ) , but the re-launch of BBC iPlayer on Nintendo Wii has seen a rise in requests via this device .
Consistent with previous months :
The profile of BBC iPlayer users is evening out over time in terms of male / female ratio , but remains strongly under - 55 in terms of age , which is younger than the typical TV viewer or radio listener 's profile .
On - demand makes up the great majority of TV programme requests ( in November only 7 % of requests were for live simulcast streams ) , however two - thirds of requests for radio streams are for live programmes , as opposed to on - demand catch - up listening .
BBC iPlayer is used for TV at roughly the same time of day as linear TV viewing , although there is proportionally more daytime and late - peak use .
For radio , BBC iPlayer is used far more in daytime than traditional radio listening , which peaks at breakfast - time .
TV Top 20 : best - performing episode per title / series , 1 January to 13 December 2009
Programme Episode Channel Total streams 1 Top Gear : series 13 Ep. 1 BBC Two 1,671,100 2 Top Gear : series 14 Ep. 1 BBC Two 1,299,200 3 Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow Ep. 1 BBC One 1,173,300 4 Gavin And Stacey : series 3 Ep. 1 BBC One 972,700 5 Question Time 22/10/09 BBC
One 939,400 6 Life Ep. 1 BBC One 869,000 7 Doctor Who : Planet Of The Dead 11/04/09 BBC
One 811,800 8 Mock The Week : series 7 Ep. 8 BBC Two 656,500 9 Live At The Apollo : series 4 Ep. 1 BBC One 654,100 10 Horne And Cordon Ep. 1 BBC Three 614,800 11 Waterloo Road : series 5 Ep. 1 BBC One 605,900 12 Being Human Ep. 1 BBC Three 603,300 13 Torchwood : Children Of Earth Ep. 1 BBC One 559,800 14 Merlin : series 2 Ep. 1 BBC One 489,400 15 Russell Howard 's Good News Ep. 1 BBC Three 453,400 16 Kirsten 's Topless Ambition
28/04/09 BBC
Three 453,200 17 Spooks : series 8 Ep. 1 BBC One 449,900 18 Shooting Stars : series 6 Ep. 1 BBC Two 447,000 19 QI : series 6 Ep. 9 BBC One 422,200 20 Robin Hood : series 3 Ep. 13 BBC One 414,100
Audio Top 20 : best - performing episode per title / series , 1 January to 13 December 2009
Programme Episode Channel Total streams 1 Test Match Special 21/08/09 5 Live Sports Extra 183,300 2 I 'm Sorry I Have n't A Clue : series 51 Ep. 1 Radio 4 167,000 3 5 Live Sport : Premier League 2009 - 10
14/03/09 5 Live 162,700 4 The Chris Moyles Show 06/07/09 Radio 1 129,700 5 Stephen Nolan
07/11/09 5 Live 115,800 6 Jo Whiley
18/09/09 Radio 1 90,700 7 Fry's English Delight : series 2 Ep. 1 Radio 4 86,800 8 Classic Serial : The Complete Smiley Ep. 1 Radio 4 82,200 9 The News Quiz : series 69 Ep. 6 Radio 4 80,700 10 Desert Island Discs 29/11/09 Radio 4 79,900 11 Greg James
08/10/09 Radio 1 78,100 12 The Unbelievable Truth : series 4 Ep. 4 Radio 4 74,200 13 That Mitchell And Webb Sound : series 4 Ep. 2 Radio 4 68,000 14 Act Your Age Ep. 1 Radio 4 66,800 15 Chart Show with Reggie Yates
29/11/09 Radio 1 66,400 16 Ken Bruce
11/05/09 Radio 2 65,800 17 Wimbledon : Men's Semi-Finals
03/07/09 5 Live 65,100 18 606 25/04/09 5 Live 64,900 19 Edith Bowman
10/03/09 Radio 1 64,800 20 The Now Show : series 26 Ep. 1 Radio 4 64,300
Source : iStats / TRP – Requests are combined for both simulcast and on - demand requests per title .
Numbers rounded to the nearest 100 due to sampling methodology .
Note , this data is collected via a BBC internal data warehouse ( iStats ) .
The methodology adheres to industry standard guidelines as defined by JICWEBs and ABCe , with the exception that the BBC data is based on a 25 % sample of users and not 100 % .
The BBC is working towards 100 % sample over the coming months .
BBC iPlayer on Mobile requests by hour :
– BBC iPlayer on Mobile usage peaks in the evenings , between 7.00 pm and midnight
– Usage on Friday and Saturday evenings is lower than on other evenings , as BBC iPlayer on Mobile users are likely to be out socialising
– The BBC iPlayer on Mobile sees higher daytime usage at weekends , especially between 7.00 am and 10.00 am
– This means that overall usage is higher on Sundays , as they benefit from both high daytime usage and high evening usage .
DM
[ digg - reddit - me ] I love subscribing to TownHall.com ’s emails .
They are often good for a chuckle .
But what truly surprises me is the absolute contempt they show for their readers .
Obviously , the website promotes political lies and makes no attempt to disguise this .
But , as conservatism today has devolved into a reality - show equivalent of thrillers like The Da Vinci Code or any Vince Flynn novel – complete with ominous music that would play in the background if these novels are movie - fied – the fictional world created by these lies seems to provide enjoyable entertainment .
But TownHall.com apparently believes its readers will not only gullibly accept lies that confirm their political convictions , but are gullible enough to invest money in all sorts of shady enterprises and get - rich - quick schemes .
Back in August , I posted one such email – in which TownHall.com allowed an advertiser to use its brand and email list to send out a promotion for a newsletter suggesting that you too could get “ A potential 6 - figure fortune within 12 to 24 months ” by investing in Constitution Mining Corp .
Nearly 5 months after this email – but to be fair , less than the 2 years they are talking about – Constitution Mining Corp. has increased in value from $ 1.25 per share on the day of the post to $ 1.53 today .
A significant increase , but nowhere near the 430 % return discussed in the email .
Now , TownHall.com has sent out another amusing email ( full text here for the patient and curious ) – this time promoting a special investigative exposé :
Special Investigative Exposé “ The $ 50 Billion
Shadow Syndicate ” How a Ruthless Government
Conspiracy Could Make You
$ 97,500 Richer by March 2010 *( The following true story will make you mad as hell .
It could also make you very rich … )
The email , when printed out , was 21 pages long .
But in its 21 pages , it did not manage to mention the name of the company it was promoting .
To get that , you need to buy the $ 49 subscription fee for BreakAway Investor .
Of course , Michael Robinson , editor of BreakAway Investor , did n’t make that clear until about 15 pages in .
But in the meantime , Robinson spun a fantastical story of a dark , nefarious conspiracy – which you too could become rich by participating in !
I ca n’t emphasize enough how extraordinarily unique this situation is .
In fact , the last time an opportunity this explosive … and this lucrative … came along was in 1933 … … right in the middle of the Great Depression … … when a similar U.S. government “ conspiracy ” sent tiny military contractor EBC soaring 55,000 % … turning a handful of people into multimillionaires .
Folks who got in early had the chance to turn a $ 5,000 investment into $ 2.5 million .
The opportunity I ’ve uncovered today offers similar riches .
And while a 55,000 % return might take a while … … folks who get in now — on the GROUND FLOOR — could be $ 97,500 richer by March 2010 .
Maybe a whole lot more …
There is one catch , however …
When I first uncovered this situation , I was a bit skeptical .
After all , “ crackpot ” conspiracy theories come a dime a dozen , and they ’re hard to take seriously …
Which is why he decided to work “ undercover ” to uncover the facts …
I wish I could have given you more time … but as a matter of policy , I had to be absolutely certain of the FACTS before I went public with this shocking story .
Bottom line :
Time is short , and it ’s essential that you act now to avoid missing out .
At this point , three pages in , without any facts , but several exhortations to “ act now ” even the most credulous person must be a bit skeptical .
The giant conspiracy revolves around the Stimulus Bill .
The mainstream press “ tied the buzzword , ‘ infrastructure , ’ ” to the bill .
And at first “ like most Americans hoping for a quick recovery … [ Robinson ] bought into the idea that the government stimulus program was all about building new roads , creating jobs , and making the economy better again . ”
But Robinson ’s research revealed that this was a “ DECOY . ”
In fact , I began by looking at the “ infrastructure / construction ” industry .
BIG MISTAKE .
Thankfully , I was n’t 24 hours into my investigation when the story took a surprising turn … a turn that could make YOU very wealthy , very soon .
Let me explain …
Then there is a page of extraneous information , leading to what he said he was trying to explain :
That all changed on July 23 , 2009 , at 2:34 p.m. when I received a text message from my inside source , whom I ’ll call “ Branson ” ( not his real name ) .
Michael —
They ’re leading you astray .
Infrastructure is a decoy .
The real story is GSA# : GSOOQ09BGD .
Regards , Branson
Apparently , “ Branson ” – like me – is a stickler for proper capitalization and punctuation in his text messages .
But I ’ve never seen anyone sign a text message , “ Regards . ”
But let ’s not examine this too closely – but instead , focus on the conspiracy .
Robinson naturally followed up this lead :
What I found made me furious …
After digging into the records , I discovered that the REAL WINNER in the stimulus package is NOT infrastructure .
Not by a long shot .
And it ’s NOT America ’s workforce …
And it ’s NOT the U.S. economy …
The real winner is a powerful syndicate with a very dangerous agenda … an agenda that will likely make YOU a pile of money — as much as $ 97,500 or more — by March 2010 .
Let me explain …
A few pages later , after explaining “ how Washington works , ” Robinson reveals this “ powerful syndicate with a very dangerous agenda ” – tech companies :
I realize on the surface , big technology spending sounds like a win-win situation … a good deal for everyone .
But the truth is , technology spending will spark a “ shadow recovery ” … a recovery that LOOKS REAL at first glance … but ultimately disappears , leaving millions of Americans in severe financial pain .
Let me explain …
And finally , Robinson reveals the giant conspiracy – sort of .
It ’s TECHNOLOGY !!
itself – which by increasing productivity reduces the need for workers .
As the StockGumshoe commented :
That strikes me as a bit of an odd endorsement of neo-Luddism , and an argument against the creative destruction of capitalism , for the editor of an investment newsletter that generally focuses on emerging technologies , and one whose business model would be much more challenging without the Internet ( government funded and built , natch ) .
But , of course , he goes on to say that though this will be terrible for the country ’s economic recovery … you can still profit from it .
And that company that will make you rich beyond your dreams is one tech company which was listed among more than 50 on a military contract worth $ 50 billion , a fact which the letter glosses over ( i.e. fails to mention . )
Robinson goes on to say what a remarkable investment this company will be , as “ the rest of the stock market will likely drop another 25 % by January 2010 . ”
Buy now .
Now !
Right now !
Robinson urges :
Play this situation correctly , and you may never have to work again .
So … is this opportunity suitable for you ?
Well , the question you need to ask yourself is this : How Much MONEY
Do You Want to Make … ?
Well , if that ’s the only question .
Of course , the other question you need to ask is :
Am I ready to shell out $ 49 for this guy ’s investment advice .
( Luckily , and not to spoil the fun , but the StockGumshoe did some research and has determined the company Michael Robinson is talking about is Kratos Defense & Security Solutions , Inc. )
The solicitation concludes :
In fact , T. Rowe Price is holding a multimillion - share position … this stock could double or even triple in the coming weeks … and in the next 12 months , a 2,400 % gain is very possible .
Things are going to move fast , and you need to get in position now to ensure full profit potential .
So please , take just a moment to reserve your space by clicking the Order Now button below .
But please do it now !
This opportunity wo n’t wait , and I ’d hate to see you miss out .
Sincerely , Michael Robinson
Editor , BreakAway Investor
September 2009 P.S.
My source indicates that this stock is starting to move … here ’s your chance to pocket 2,400 % .
But this is for folks who act now .
Please do n’t miss out …
Notice when the letter is dated – “ September 2009 . ”
“ This opportunity wo n’t wait , ” he says – yet three months later , he did n’t feel it was necessary to change his message .
And while he warned that “ this stock could double or even triple in the coming weeks ” it instead has remained steady since its split in September .
To summarize : The Giant Conspiracy is that some of the stimulus and military funds are going to technology companies .
Technology itself destroys jobs .
At what point Michael Robinson went “ undercover ” to figure this out is unclear since every source is in public records , and though he describes visiting each building in which the records for keeping track of the stimulus and for SEC filings , both are also available freely online .
But if you want to subscribe to a newsletter that publishes fiction along with investigative journalism , and do n’t like the New Yorker ‘s bias or distinction between its news and fiction , Michael Robinson ’s stock tips might be for you …
Like Loading ...
( This post originally appeared at NewDeal2.0 )
Today , President Obama finally took meaningful action toward financial reform , apparently prodded by his disaster in Massachusetts .
Heck , if the Democrats cannot retain Teddy ’s seat , there is no safe refuge .
The Republicans and Tea Partiers will take the next election in a landslide unless Obama changes course , and fast .
Briefly , here is what he announced .
Government spent a huge bundle trying to rescue Wall Street , and while that was distasteful , it was necessary , for otherwise the economy would have slipped into a second great depression .
The financial system is now stronger than it was when he took office , but Wall Street continues to engage in its antisocial practices , Hoovering all the nation ’s profits , paying huge bonuses , and trading rather than lending .
According to Obama , the root of the problem is that these institutions take advantage of their government guarantees ( deposit insurance and bail - outs when things go bad ) to gamble with house money .
He says the root of the crisis was that these government - protected institutions engaged in proprietary trading and created their own hedge funds and private equity firms .
The access to insured deposits gave them low cost funds with which they took huge risks at taxpayer expense .
Further , they have sent an army of lobbyists to Washington to prevent financial reform .
Hence , he proposes a new “ Volcker Rule ” that would prohibit these regulated financial institutions from operating hedge funds , private equity funds , or proprietary trading .
And the government will prevent further consolidation of the financial sector .
The reforms sound good .
It is always too easy to criticize reform for not going far enough .
However , the nature of this proposal seems to indicate that Obama still does not understand the scope of the problem .
Let me provide what I believe to be more than mere quibbles :
1 . The financial bail - out was not needed and would do nothing to prevent another great depression .
We had a liquidity crisis that could have been resolved in the normal way , through lending by the Fed without limit , to all financial institutions , and without collateral .
That is how you end a liquidity crisis .
But that has nothing to do with the Paulson / Rubin / Geithner plans that variously bought bad assets , injected capital , and provided guarantees — in an amount estimated above $ 20 trillion .
None of that was necessary and none of it prevented collapse of the economic system .
Banks are still massively insolvent .
If we wanted to leave insolvent institutions open , all we had to do was to use forbearance .
And , in truth , that is the only reason they are still open for business .
2 . And of course , none of that had any benefit at all for Main Street .
Indeed , we could have closed down the top 20 banks ( responsible for almost all of the mess ) with no impact on the economy .
The only thing that has helped was the fiscal stimulus package .
That will soon run out , and although it helped it was far too small .
Obama has zero chance of getting more money for Main Street unless he can convince Congress and the public that he has changed his ways .
The reforms he has announced fall short .
3 . The financial system is not healthier today .
Indeed , it is much more dangerous .
The Bush and Obama administrations reacted to the crisis by encouraging and subsidizing consolidation of the sector in the hands of gargantuan and dangerously insolvent institutions .
The sector is essentially run by a handful of rapacious institutions that have made out like bandits because of the crisis : Goldman , JP Morgan , Citi , Chase and Bank of America .
All of these are systemically dangerous .
All should be closed .
Today .
4 . Yes , the lobbyists are a problem .
What do you expect when you operate a revolving door between Wall Street and the administration ?
Goldman essentially runs the Treasury .
The lobbyists are in Washington to meet with their former colleagues , and to oil that revolving door .
There is only one solution : ban all former employees of the financial sector from government employment ( including roles as advisors ) , and prohibit all government employees from ever working for a Wall Street firm .
5 . It is not enough to subject banks to the requirements of the Volcker Rule .
Any institution that has access to the Fed and to the FDIC should be prohibited from making ANY KINDS OF TRADES .
They should make loans , and purchase securities , and then hold them .
( An exception can be made for government debt . )
They should perform underwriting and due diligence to ensure that the assets they hold meet appropriate standards of risk .
And then they should bear all the risk through maturity of the assets .
They should not be allowed to offload assets , much less to short assets that they sell , while knowing they are trash ( Goldman ’s favorite strategy ) .
They should not be able to hedge risks through derivatives .
They should not be allowed to purchase credit default “ insurance ” to protect themselves .
They should not be allowed to move risk off balance sheet .
They should not be involved in equities markets .
Any behemoth that does not like these conditions can hand back its bank charter and become an unprotected financial institution .
Those that retain their charters will be treated as public - private partnerships , which is what banks are .
They put up $ 5 of their own money , then gamble with $ 95 of government ( guaranteed ) money .
The only public purpose they serve is underwriting - and that only works if they hold all the risks .
6. Obama ignores fraud .
It is rampant in the financial sector .
Indeed , it has no doubt increased since the crisis .
Where do you think all of those record profits come from ?
It is a massive control fraud , based on Ponzi ( or Bernie Madoff ) schemes .
This must be investigated .
Fraudulent institutions must be shut down .
Management must be prosecuted and jailed .
Only if Obama is willing to take on fraud will we know that he really is about hope and change .
He has got to start with the Rubin , Geithner and Summers team .
Fire them , then investigate them .
That is change I can believe in - and an end to “ business as usual ” , as Obama put it .
L. Randall Wray is Professor of Economics at the University of Missouri - Kansas City , Research Director with the Center for Full Employment and Price Stability and Senior Research Scholar at The Levy Economics Institu
And you thought you could n't go faster than light
Astrophysicists working out of the University of Texas at Brownsville have been studying an interesting pulsar about 10,000 light years away from us ( a pulsar is a highly magnetic , spinning corpse of a dead star ) .
Over the course of three days of monitoring , radio waves emitted from the pulsar seem to have been traveling faster than the speed of light .
You might have heard that faster - than - light travel is impossible .
This is not entirely true -- there are a couple of catches which allow for F.T.L velocities .
One such catch , as originally proposed by Mr. Einstein , is that something can travel faster than light if it does not contain information .
This physical law has been observed on Earth in experiments , but with this pulsar ( if confirmed ) , this is the first time this sort of thing has been observed off of our planet .
What does or does not constitute information in this context however , is the subject of both rigorous study and debate .
The radio pulse from the pulsar is suspected to have picked up some of the excess speed by passing through a cloud of neutral hydrogen atoms , which causes the radio waves to increase their electromagnetic wavelength ( a process called " anomalous dispersion " ) .
( Note : pictured above is some other pulsar , not Pulsar PSR B1937+21 from this research .
Pulsar PSR B1937+21 is the second fastest spinning pulsar yet cataloged , and spins about 642 times around every second . )
Brave New World at 75
Caitrin Keiper
The future is the present projected , ” said Aldous Huxley .
“ Our notions of the future have something of that significance which Freud attributes to our dreams .
And not our notions of the future only : our notions of the past as well .
For if prophecy is an expression of our contemporary fears and wishes , so too , to a very great extent , is history . ”
Huxley ’s most famous novel , Brave New World , was published in 1932 , and the occasion of this seventy - fifth anniversary should lead us to wonder about his peculiar description of how we understand the future .
We live in a time of biotechnological leaps forward that have made the term “ Brave New World ” almost a reflex for commentators worried we are rushing headlong toward a sterilized post - human society , engineered to joyless joy .
It is easy to imagine that we see the shadows of our society in Huxley ’s vision of the future .
But could it be that our insistence on seeing Huxley ’s book as an exceedingly successful prophecy actually prevents us from recognizing its real insight ?
Is there a way for us to understand the book free of the great distorting influence of our own times ?
We can do that only by reading the book on its own terms , as its first readers did , and by letting ourselves be guided by the literary , scientific , and cultural critics of Huxley ’s day .
In doing so , we may glimpse afresh something of the meaning of Brave New World in its author ’s mind and time .
“ Progress is Lovely , Is n’t It ? ”
Huxley ’s vision of the future begins with a tour of the Central London Hatchery and Conditioning Center , in the year of stability a.f. 632 ( After Ford ) .
“ Viviparous ” reproduction , that shameful secret of the past , has been replaced with manufacture ; here the eggs are selected from disembodied ovaries , mixed in culture with the sperm , and incubated in a clean , sterile , efficient environment overseen by technicians — “ the bizarre case , ” as one critic has noted , “ of a product supervising a production line . ”
The embryos are designated into five castes , and while the elite Alphas and Betas each come from one unique embryo per egg , the Gammas , Deltas , and Epsilons are cloned ( “ bokanovskified ” ) into as many as ninety - six embryos per egg .
“ For in nature it takes thirty years for two hundred eggs to reach maturity .
But our business is to stabilize the population at this moment , here and now .
Dribbling out twins over a quarter of a century — what would be the use of that ? ”
Welcome to the World State , where “ all men are physico - chemically equal ” and “ everybody ’s happy now . ”
People are conditioned by genetic engineering , electric shocks , and hypnopaedic repetition to accept these and other mantras as the sum of their identities , to promote complacency and simple desires .
Sexually , people are uniformly promiscuous — “ everyone belongs to everyone else ” — avoiding those neuroses rooted in repression or exclusive attachments .
Erotic experimentation begins at six or eight years old .
Economically , the society has subscribed so thoroughly to mass consumerism that the consumers themselves have been commodified .
“ Taught to acquire an infinity of gimcrack objects , ” as one early reviewer said , they spend their labor mindlessly producing the things that in their leisure they mindlessly consume .
And , as one character explains , “ if ever by some unlucky chance such a crevice of time should yawn in the solid substance of their distractions , there is always soma , delicious soma , half a gramme for a half - holiday , a gramme for a week - end , two grammes for a trip to the gorgeous East , three for a dark eternity on the moon . ”
A dream drug without side effects , soma assuages every hurt or unmet need , from boredom to impotence to insecurity to chagrin , and all other “ miseries of space and time . ”
An unholy alliance of industrial capitalist , fascist , communist , psychoanalytic , and pseudo - scientific ideologies has brought about the end of history .
The past is taboo — “ History is bunk , ” as “ Our Ford ” so eloquently said — and there is no future , because history ’s ends have been accomplished .
There is no pain , deformity , crime , anguish , or social discontent .
Even death has no more sting : Children are acclimatized to the death palaces from the age of eighteen months , encouraged to poke around and eat chocolate creams while the dying are ushered into oblivion on soma , watching sports and pornography on television .
Postmortem , the useful chemicals in every corpse are recovered in cremation to be used as fertilizer .
“ Fine to think we can go on being socially useful even after we ’re dead , ” gloats one character .
“ Making plants grow . ”
There are a few remaining “ savage reservations ” not integrated into the World State .
When Bernard and Lenina , a couple of hatchery employees , travel on vacation to one such reservation in New Mexico , their Siddhartha - like encounter with age , disease , and death ends in a remarkable discovery .
One member of their civilization , left behind some twenty years before , has borne a son and raised him on the reservation .
Bernard and Lenina take the woman and her grown son back to London .
“ Savage John , ” as he is dubbed , has heard the glories of the “ Other Place ” from his mother all his life , and he is at first entranced .
“ O , wonder ! ” he says , with the same naïve irony as Shakespeare ’s Miranda .
“ How many goodly creatures are there here !
How beauteous mankind is !
O brave new world , that has such people in’t ! ”
But when his mother , whose natural aging has made her too grotesque for her own society , passes away in soma - induced delusions , he revolts .
Retreating to a solitary haven , he is soon found out ; in a blaze of torture and disgust , he and his ideals collapse in freakish self - destruction .
Lenina , who despite all her conditioning can dimly feel a yearning for the other , greater world John tried to show her , is destroyed with him .
It would seem to be the death of hope as well , but hope was never truly living in the World State , where the “ births ” are as devoid of potential as the lives are of significance .
Rational Futures
The critical reception of Brave New World was largely chilly .
Most reviewers were disgruntled or disgusted with what they saw as unjustified alarmism .
H. G. Wells was downright offended .
“ A writer of the standing of Aldous Huxley has no right to betray the future as he did in that book , ” Wells said .
In fact , Wells felt the bite of this betrayal personally — his own writings , especially his 1923 novel Men Like Gods , had been Huxley ’s inspiration .
Huxley told a friend in 1931 that he was “ writing a novel about the future — on the horror of the Wellsian Utopia and a revolt against it . ”
Wells is often considered the father of science fiction .
His long train of novels predicted , among other things , tanks , aerial warfare , and the atomic bomb ; as J. B. S. Haldane said , “ the very mention of the future suggests him . ”
Although his earlier and most memorable work explores the darker possibilities of scientific advancement ( in a 1940 preface to his 1908 novel The War in the Air , Wells said he wanted his epigraph to read “ I told you so .
You damned fools . ” ) , in Huxley ’s heyday Wells was writing utopias teeming with technogadgetry and what George Orwell called “ enlightened sunbathers . ”
Rejecting Rousseau ’s noble savage and the romantic utopias of Coleridge and Wordsworth , he saw the Industrial Revolution and modern science as enduring and largely positive developments in man ’s eternal conflict with pitiless nature , including his own .
Men Like Gods is the story of a group of contemporary Englishmen accidentally transported into an alternate dimension of peaceful , passionless Utopians who are uncritically committed to scientific rationalism and the self - negating collectivist state .
As the title suggests , this is Wells ’s idea of perfectible Man , achieved through communitarian ideals , technological enhancement , and an aggressive program of eugenics .
The Utopians share their wisdom with the time - travelers , explaining how they put “ the primordial fierce combativeness of the ancestral man-ape ” behind them .
Just as man ’s intrinsic aggression had brought civilization to the brink of collapse , a great prophet saw the light .
In “ a dawn of new ideas , ” an elite group of researchers reordered society until , finally annihilating the sources of strife , they achieved a cooperative state with “ no parliament , no politics , no private wealth , no business competition , no police nor prisons , no lunatics , no defectives nor cripples , ” whose motto is “ Our education is our government . ”
Huxley thought this vision preposterous .
“ Get rid of priests and kings , make Aeschylus and the differential calculus available to all , and the world will become a paradise , ” he scoffed .
Men Like Gods “ annoyed me to the point of planning a parody , but when I started writing I found the idea of a negative Utopia so interesting that I forgot about Wells and launched into Brave New World . ”
Prior to Huxley ’s book , however , another great dystopia had cast a scorching glare on totalitarian rationalism .
Russian author Yevgeny Zamyatin’s
We depicts a technocratic OneState whose citizens are “ Numbers ” governed with absolute authority in a system where political and quantitative laws are fused .
Zamyatin , the Russian editor of H. G. Wells ’s novels , had at first supported the Bolshevik Revolution but came under fire throughout the 1920s for his vocal criticism of the Soviet regime .
His works were banned and he was arrested several times , and finally moved permanently to Paris in 1931 .
First released in English in 1924 , We was not officially published in Russian until 1988 under glasnost .
Some critics suggested Huxley had borrowed from or been heavily influenced by We. George Orwell — himself not especially impressed with Brave New World , which he called a “ brilliant caricature of the present ” that “ probably casts no light on the future ” — even accused Huxley of plagiarism ( a particularly strange charge since Orwell ’s own 1984 was much more directly influenced by We ) .
Curious about it himself , Zamyatin learned through a mutual friend that Huxley had not read
We before he published Brave New World , “ which proves , ” he said , that “ these ideas are in the air we breathe . ”
But most critics shared Wells ’s , not Zamyatin ’s , reaction to the book .
“ As prophecy it is merely fantastic , ” dismissed essayist Gerald Bullett .
Wells ’s friend and fellow writer Wyndham Lewis called it “ an unforgivable offense to Progress . ”
Marxist literary critic Granville Hicks began his review by asking , “ With war in Asia , bankruptcy in Europe and starvation everywhere , what do you suppose Aldous Huxley is now worrying about ? ” and ended it with several personal attacks .
Economist Henry Hazlitt sarcastically remarked that “ a little suffering , a little irrationality , a little division and chaos , are perhaps necessary ingredients of an ideal state , but there has probably never been a time when the world has not had an oversupply of them . ”
J. B. S. Haldane ’s then - wife Charlotte penned a snide review for Nature , complaining that Huxley ’s great - uncle Matthew Arnold , the conservative literary critic , had taken demonic possession of him , and that in any case , “ biology is itself too surprising to be really amusing material for fiction . ”
Even G. K. Chesterton thought Huxley ’s book sadly laughable , observing that , “ However grimly he may enjoy the present , he already definitely hates the future .
And I only differ from him in not believing that there is any such future to hate . ”
The review by poet and novelist L. A. G. Strong perhaps best evinces the critics ’ general sense of disappointment for a promising writer ’s senseless retreat into a ludicrous future : “ Mr. Huxley has been born too late .
Seventy years ago , the great powers of his mind would have been anchored to some mighty certitude , or to some equally mighty scientific denial of a certitude .
Today he searches heaven and earth for a Commandment , but searches in vain : and the lack of it reduces him , metaphorically speaking , to a man standing beside a midden , shuddering and holding his nose . ”
Not everyone , however , dismissed Huxley ’s dystopia as nonsense .
“ Only biologists and philosophers will really appreciate the full force of Mr. Huxley ’s remarkable book , ” wrote Joseph Needham , a Cambridge biochemist and embryologist .
“ For of course in the world at large , those persons , and there will be many , who do not approve of his ‘ utopia , ’ will say , we ca n’t believe all this , the biology is all wrong , it could n’t happen .
Unfortunately , what gives the biologist a sardonic smile as he reads it , is the fact that the biology is perfectly right . ”
Huxley came from a famously scientific family .
He was the grandson of the biologist T. H. Huxley , nicknamed “ Darwin ’s Bulldog ” for his early untiring advocacy for the theory of evolution ; half - brother of Andrew Fielding Huxley , the 1963 Nobel laureate in physiology ; and brother of Julian Huxley , a prominent geneticist .
Aldous Huxley was also sometime friends with J. B. S. Haldane and Bertrand Russell , who debated the future of scientific and technological progress in a 1923 exchange of essays ( the subject of a recent exegesis in these pages by Charles T. Rubin [ “ Daedalus and Icarus Revisited , ” Spring 2005 ] ) .
While it was Haldane who first used the word ectogenesis to describe the notion of creating human life outside the womb , the process of reproduction practiced in the World State ’s hatcheries , Huxley attributes the idea itself to Russell , at least figuratively .
In his 1921 novel Crome Yellow , Huxley has the character Scogan , an unflattering and barely veiled portrayal of Russell , imagine a future where “ an impersonal generation will take the place of Nature ’s hideous system .
In vast state incubators , rows upon rows of gravid bottles will supply the world with the population it requires .
The family system will disappear — society , sapped at its very base , will have to find a new foundation : and Eros , beautifully and irresponsibly free , will flit like a gay butterfly from flower to flower through a sunlit world . ”
Haldane ’s interest in the subject dates back further still , to work he did at Oxford in 1912 .
Neither of these men , however , claimed responsibility for Huxley ’s ideas .
Julian
Huxley even explicitly disavowed supplying his brother ’s biological knowledge , saying that when Aldous came to him to discuss Brave New World , Aldous ’s ideas were already fully formed .
Molding Men
Julian Huxley and Haldane were cofounders of the Journal of Experimental Biology along with Lancelot Hogben , a geneticist who saw his work as “ the elimination of holistic concepts by the ruthless application of mechanistic logic . ”
As Huxley scholar Peter Firchow has pointed out , Hogben believed that the mechanistic approach could be applied to human psychology .
He welcomed the advent of behaviorism , founded by experimental psychologist John B. Watson and operating , as Hogben said , with “ the express object of making psychology a physical science , relieving man , the celestial pilgrim , of the burden of his soul . ”
Building on Pavlov ’s classical conditioning techniques , Watson sought to radically redefine psychology , then dominated by Freudian psychoanalytic theory , as the study of behavioral responses to stimuli , divorced from all reference to supposed interior states of mind .
The psychological conditioning techniques in Brave New World are similar to experiments Watson had performed in real life , using loud noises and electric shocks to induce arbitrary fear into his subjects .
He famously said that given twelve infants , he could take one and make of him any kind of person he chose — “ doctor , lawyer , artist , merchant - chief , and , yes , even beggar - man and thief , regardless of his talents , penchants , tendencies , abilities , vocations , and race of his ancestors . ”
Watson later admitted that he was exaggerating ; nevertheless , the idea of comprehending and transforming the psyche as systematically as we do natural elements opens up unimagined horizons of possibility .
But what would be done with our newfound powers over the mind — what kind of person we would make — is entirely arbitrary by Watson ’s standards .
The practical result of this in Huxley ’s World State is that , as Firchow has noted , although the behaviorists are employed in conditioning the citizens , and perform with rigorous efficiency , the direction of that conditioning has ironically been left to the Freudians , in whose eyes sexual taboos are responsible for every ill from neurotic repressions to social upheaval .
Thus , as Needham said in his review , “ the erotic play of children is encouraged , universal sexual relations are the rule , and indeed any sign of the beginning of a more deep and lasting affection is rebuked and stamped out , as being anti-social . ”
What these two disparate and often warring schools of psychology share is an approach to cultural values and a blindness to all but the lowest of human desires — a blindness that Needham recognized as fatal to any project to increase real well - being :
Mr. Huxley , of course , sees so clearly what the psychologists do not see , that such a world must give up not only war , but also spiritual conflicts of any kind , not only superstition , but also religion , not only literary criticism but also great creative art of whatever kind , not only economic chaos , but also all the beauty of the old traditional things , not only the hard and ugly parts of ethics , but the tender and beautiful parts too .
Lamenting the death of metaphysics , Needham wrote that science , which was born of philosophy , had overtaken its parent to become “ the only substratum for Reason ” and “ nothing more nor less than the Mythology accompanying a Technique . ”
Needham saw in Huxley ’s book an illustration of something Russell had observed : the mutinous tendency of the modern scientific enterprise , as the means of mastering nature overtake its original intended ends .
“ It is as if a number of passages from Mr. Bertrand Russell ’s recent book The Scientific Outlook had burst into flower , and had rearranged themselves in patches of color like man-eating orchids in a tropical forest , ” he suggested .
Indeed , Russell ’s blueprint of a scientifically ordered society in his 1931 book is very similar to Huxley ’s World State , highly regimented and organized around the principles of comfort , stability , and efficiency .
Russell saw twentieth - century science as dangerously forsaking its philosophical origins — as he described it , early science was a love story between man and nature , born of Heraclitus ’ “ ever - living fire . ”
But as curiosity turned to technique , inquiry was drained of wonder and left to stagger about an existential wasteland :
As physics has developed , it has deprived us step by step of what we thought we knew concerning the intimate nature of the physical world .
Color and sound , light and shade , form and texture , belong no longer to that external nature that the Ionians sought as the bride of their devotion .
All these things have been transferred from the beloved to the lover , and the beloved has become a skeleton of rattling bones , cold and dreadful , but perhaps a mere phantasm .
The poor physicists , appalled at the desert that their formulae have revealed , call upon God to give them comfort , but God must share the ghostliness of His creation .
This brief history is somewhat deceptive ; while there may be some truth in Russell ’s portrait of the dynamic of lover and beloved unbalanced by man ’s increasing mastery over nature , it has long been the defining purpose of the scientific enterprise to achieve dominion — indeed , it is its greatest glory , or rather , one of ours .
But Russell ’s deeper insight is in recognizing the cold “ ghostliness ” of God and truth and all that men may value when science is the sole source of our ideals .
In such an age , science comes to threaten those things that it should rightly serve :
When it takes out of life the moments to which life owes its value , science will not deserve admiration , however cleverly and however elaborately it may lead men along the road to despair .
The sphere of value lies outside science , except insofar as science consists in the pursuit of knowledge .
Science as the pursuit of power must not obtrude upon the sphere of values , and scientific technique , if it is to enrich human life , must not outweigh the ends which it should serve ....
A new moral outlook is called for in which submission to the powers of nature is replaced by respect for what is best in man .
It is where this respect is lacking that scientific technique is dangerous .
So long as it is present , science , having delivered man from bondage to nature , can proceed to deliver him from bondage to the slavish part of himself .
In a review of Brave New World called “ We Do n’t Want to Be Happy , ” Russell elaborated on the promise and perils of this scientific deliverance .
Huxley , he wrote , “ has undertaken to make us sad by the contemplation of a world without sadness . ”
After describing the material comforts of the fictional society , he reflected on the puzzling instinct to recoil from it :
In spite of these merits , the world which Mr. Huxley portrays is such as to arouse disgust in every normal reader , and obviously in Mr. Huxley himself .
I have been asking myself why , and trying hard to think that his well - regulated world would really be an improvement upon the one in which we live .
At moments I can make myself think this , but I can never make myself feel it .
The feeling of revulsion against a well - ordered world has various sources : one of these is that we do not value happiness as much as we sometimes think we do .
Unlike the other great dystopias , Huxley ’s World State , though totalitarian in its orthodoxy , is ostensibly ordered on the wants of the governed rather than the governors .
Threats are rarely used or needed .
Rule by bread and circuses has proved more potent than force — and more pernicious , precisely because every means of control is a perversion of something people really want .
The only people with any capacity for dissatisfaction are a handful of Alphas , who are as unable to articulate their objection as Russell is .
It is difficult to reject the sinister when by slight distortion it masquerades as the sublime .
Why feeling should be able to distinguish these things while reason cannot is an interesting question , one which could be left forever unsettled by tinkering , through biotechnology or psychological control , with what Huxley ( in a later foreword to the book ) called “ the natural forms and expressions of life itself . ”
One such expression , of course , is a certain measure of autonomy over the meaning and direction of our lives .
Its total absence in the World State is ominously signified by the professional title of the genetic engineers : the Assistant Predestinators .
But conflating the influences and experiences that shape our identities with the biological reconstruction of life , Russell , revolted but bemused , reasoned himself into a corner :
But we are shocked — more , I think , than we ought to be — by the idea of molding people scientifically instead of allowing them to grow .
We have a notion that we can choose what we will be , and that we should not wish to be robbed of this choice by scientific manipulators drugging us before we are born , giving us electric shocks in infancy , and whispering platitudes to us throughout our childhood .
But this feeling is , of course , irrational .
In the course of nature the embryo grows through natural causes .
The infant learns haphazard lessons of pleasure and pain which determine his taste .
The child listens to moral propaganda , which may fail through being unscientific , but which , none the less , is intended to mold the character just as much as Mr. Huxley ’s whispering machines .
It seems , therefore , that we do not object to molding a human being , provided it is done badly ; we only object when it is done well .
In the end , Russell said , “ what we cling to so desperately is the illusion of freedom , an illusion which is tacitly negated by all moral instruction and all propaganda .
To us human life would be intolerable without this illusion .
In Mr. Huxley ’s Brave New World men live quite comfortably without it . ”
Freedom and Happiness
This “ illusion of freedom ” was cast into a clearer light by a reviewer who discerned that the temptation to sacrifice liberty to end suffering often becomes an attack on the reality of the liberty itself .
Rebecca
West , a prominent novelist and literary critic ( and erstwhile mistress of H. G. Wells ) said Huxley had “ rewritten in terms of our age ” Dostoevsky ’s famous parable of the Grand Inquisitor from The Brothers Karamazov — “ a symbolic statement that every generation ought to read afresh . ”
“ The Grand Inquisitor ” is a story within the story , a troubled Karamazov brother ’s case against both man and God .
In his legend , Christ returns to earth in the fifteenth century and raises a child from the dead ; this miracle causes a crowd and a commotion .
The Grand Inquisitor , the cardinal of Seville , has Christ arrested and , sentencing Him to death , denounces Him for condemning mankind to misery when He could have made for them a paradise on earth .
Underpinning his accusation is the problem of evil : how , if God is all - loving and all - powerful , could He allow man the autonomy to sin ?
Christ ’s life and work held out the possibility of redemption , but left man the freedom not only to doubt but to cause unspeakable suffering .
Man has not been equal to that responsibility .
“ For nothing has ever been more insufferable for man and for human society than freedom , ” the cardinal tells Christ .
“ Turmoil , confusion , and unhappiness — these are the present lot of mankind , after you suffered so much for their freedom ! ”
In the Grand Inquisitor ’s indictment , he pits Christ ’s offer of redemption against the church ’s promise of security :
With us everyone will be happy , and they will no longer rebel or destroy each other , as in your freedom , everywhere .
Oh , we shall convince them that they will only become free when they resign their freedom to us , and submit to us .
Will we be right , do you think , or will we be lying ?
They themselves will be convinced that we are right , for they will remember to what horrors of slavery and confusion your freedom led them .
The cardinal ’s argument reappears in a strikingly similar confrontation in Brave New World .
When John the Savage sours on the wonders of the World State , he foments a riot among the Deltas and is brought before Mustapha Mond , the Resident World Controller for Western Europe .
In the thematic climax of the novel , Mond defends his spiritually arid civilization by recalling the terrible history that preceded it .
Love , literature , liberty , and even science itself are sacrificed in this most scientific of societies — all to serve the goals of happiness and stability .
“ Happiness , ” Mond says , “ is a hard master — particularly other people ’s happiness .
A much harder master , if one is n’t conditioned to accept it unquestioningly , than truth . ”
To achieve lasting social happiness , all else must be given up .
Each of these interrogations lays bare the fundamental compromise at the heart of that society .
Both interlocutors avow a struggle , many years ago , to give up what is now at stake — faith for the Grand Inquisitor , truth for the World Controller — to “ serve ” the weak , debased , tormented human race , whose happiness depends upon the satisfaction of material wants and absolute submission to authority .
“ Only now , ” says the cardinal , “ has it become possible to think for the first time about human happiness .
Man was made a rebel ; can rebels be happy ?
...
No science will give them bread as long as they remain free , but in the end they will lay their freedom at our feet . ”
“ Truth ’s a menace , ” says Mond , and “ science is a public danger ....
Universal happiness keeps the wheels steadily turning .
Truth and beauty can’t . ”
Against the ever - greater misery that appears to be the price of personal autonomy , both pose the question :
Is man worth his humanity ?
Christ ’s answer is a resurrection and a kiss ; John parries , thrusts , and grandstands .
His haphazard education has ill prepared him to argue with the World Controller — but armed with Shakespeare , desperation , and an excess of nobility , he bravely embraces those things which once made bravery necessary :
“ Exposing what is mortal and unsure to all that fortune , death , and danger dare , even for an eggshell .
Is n’t there something in that ? ” he asked , looking up at Mustapha Mond .
“ Quite apart from God — though of course God would be a reason for it .
Is n’t there something in living dangerously ? ”
“ There ’s a great deal in it , ” the Controller replied .
“ Men and women must have their adrenals stimulated from time to time . ”
“ What ? ” questioned the Savage , uncomprehending .
“ It ’s one of the conditions of perfect health .
That ’s why we ’ve made the V.P.S. treatments compulsory . ” “ V.P.S. ? ” “ Violent Passion Surrogate .
Regularly once a month .
We flood the whole system with adrenin .
It ’s the complete physiological equivalent of fear and rage .
All the tonic effects of murdering Desdemona and being murdered by Othello , without any of the inconveniences . ”
“ But I like the inconveniences . ” “ We do n’t , ” said the Controller .
“ We prefer to do things comfortably . ”
“ But I do n’t want comfort .
I want God , I want poetry , I want real danger , I want freedom , I want goodness , I want sin . ”
“ In fact , ” said Mustapha Mond , “ you ’re claiming the right to be unhappy . ”
“ All right then , ” said the Savage defiantly , “ I ’m claiming the right to be unhappy . ”
“ Not to mention the right to grow old and ugly and impotent ; the right to have syphilis and cancer ; the right to have too little to eat ; the right to be lousy ; the right to live in constant apprehension of what may happen tomorrow ; the right to catch typhoid ; the right to be tortured by unspeakable pains of every kind . ”
There was a long silence .
“ I claim them all , ” said the Savage at last .
Mustapha Mond shrugged his shoulders .
“ You ’re welcome , ” he said .
The unresolved ambivalence of Mond ’s final words suggests it is an open question whether a shallow and bland happiness might not be a worthwhile price to rid the world of suffering .
How should he be answered ?
While John ’s heroics are appealing , by the end of this exchange , it is hard to say that he has won our sympathies .
He rejects “ civilization ” but finds no compelling alternative ; he turns to self - imposed exile , but the unbearable tension between his ascetic ideals and what Wells called the “ simmering hot mud ” of basic human nature finally degenerates into a sadomasochistic orgy and suicide .
In the foreword to Brave New World ’s 1946 edition , Huxley regretted not giving John an alternative to “ insanity on the one hand and lunacy on the other , ” an alternative he would later try ( unconvincingly ) to negotiate in his positive techno - utopia Island .
But read in conversation with The Brothers Karamazov ,
West saw that something deeper is on trial : “ Mr. Huxley is attacking the new spirit which tries to induce man to divert in continual insignificant movements relating to the material framework of life all his force , and to abandon the practice of speculating about his existence and his destiny . ”
Finding Responsibility
By shifting the question from political control to personal conscience , West ’s reading anticipated the decentralized way that many of the particular scientific and cultural furnishings of Huxley ’s world have made appearances in ours .
Orwell ’s and Zamyatin ’s predictions of inevitable centralized totalitarian government have not come to pass — and indeed , neither have Huxley ’s .
But the separation of sex from procreation , and love from sex ; the consumption - saturated culture threatening to commodify the consumers ; the increasingly physico - chemical attempt to explain and treat a troubled psyche — we did not need bureaucratic threats or hypnopaedic repetitions to want these things , and in this sense Huxley profoundly overestimated ( or is it underestimated ? ) mankind , and his book may , in the deepest sense , have gotten our present all wrong .
We chose these things ourselves , uncoerced by terror or war or social engineers .
They have been developed to respond to real human hurts and desires ; and , as might be expected of human choices , the results and motives have been mixed .
In psychiatry , for instance , drugs more targeted and sophisticated than all - purpose soma have allowed people once crippled by serious disorders to recover a level of normalcy unimaginable to previous generations .
But ever - better drugs marketed to an ever - wider population cannot erase everyone ’s deepest longings or displace everyone ’s genuine psychic or spiritual hurts .
Ultimately , our aspiration to bring man ’s nature itself within the ambit of the great Baconian project for the relief of man ’s estate lands us in terrain we must traverse with unprecedented care .
On the same “ cliffs of fall / Frightful , sheer , no - man - fathomed ” where we find grotesqueries we also find grandeur , and it is with that selfsame mind that we must distinguish them .
This is an enormously delicate and complicated project .
It need not be said that trying to alter ourselves , psychologically or genetically , while refusing to consider what we ought to be would be disastrously misguided .
Lest what it is we ought or want to be seem obvious , it is helpful to remember that the achievement of total happiness and stability in Huxley ’s world requires rigid biosocial stratification — for “ the secret of happiness and virtue , ” the Director of Hatcheries and Conditioning reminds us , is “ liking what you ’ve got to do .
All conditioning aims at that : making people like their unescapable social destiny . ”
The World State ’s dysgenic engineering program is something we would like to think that we would never contemplate .
Yet social equality is a political or philosophical truth much more than a natural one ; scientifically , we could not do much better than “ all men are physico - chemically equal . ”
As the precision and magnitude of our scientific powers increase , we will have to make ever more explicit choices between not wholly compatible goods .
Indeed , although democratically we will always be striving for a better society , and scientifically for a better life , the frequent conflict between these goods should remind us that we will never reach Utopia .
And paradoxically , it is in the exercise of liberty and the pursuit of happiness that we may inadvertently damage the character of liberty and happiness themselves .
Brave New World , then , is more than just a bleak inhuman specter of our future ; it is an invitation to consider how to balance and preserve the things that matter most for ourselves and our posterity .
We may remember Prospero , who , leaving behind his magical utopia for the brave old motley world of treason , dynasty , debauchery , and forgiveness , reclaims real responsibility and resumes his throne .
It is part of man ’s intense dignity that he is heir to multiple thrones , among them scientific mastery over that which no other form of knowledge can control , and moral insight into that which science may never see .
Abdicating either one would frustrate all we strive to be .
Poll : Bush would lose an election if held this year President Bush would not get re-elected if an election were held this year , according to a CNN poll .
RELATED YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Iraq GOP George W. Bush or or Create Your Own ( CNN ) --
A majority would vote for a Democrat over President Bush if an election were held this year , according to a CNN / USA Today / Gallup Poll released Tuesday .
In the latest poll , 55 percent of the respondents said that they would vote for the Democratic candidate if Bush were again running for the presidency this year .
Thirty - nine percent of those interviewed said they would vote for Bush in the hypothetical election .
The latest poll results , released Tuesday , were based on interviews with 1,008 adults conducted by telephone October 21 - 23 .
In the poll , 42 percent of those interviewed approved of the way the president is handling his job and 55 percent disapproved .
In the previous poll , released October 17 , 39 percent approved of Bush 's job performance -- the lowest number of his presidency -- and 58 percent disapproved .
However , all the numbers are within the poll 's sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points , so it 's possible that the public 's opinion has not changed at all .
More than half , 57 percent , said they do n't agree with the president 's views on issues that are important to them , while 41 percent said their views are in alignment with those of Bush on important issues .
Democrats preferred on issues
On separate issues , a majority of those questioned felt the Democrats could do a better job than Republicans at handling health care ( 59 percent to 30 percent ) , Social Security ( 56 percent to 33 percent ) , gasoline prices ( 51 percent to 31 percent ) and the economy ( 50 percent to 38 percent ) .
Forty - six percent also believed Democrats could do better at handling Iraq , while 40 percent said the GOP would do better .
In 2003 , 53 percent said Republicans would better handle Iraq and only 29 percent believed the Democrats would do better .
The only issue on which Republicans came out on top was in fighting terrorism : 49 percent said the GOP is better at it , while 38 percent said the Democrats are .
And there was a dramatic shift downward in the latest poll , compared with September , in the percentage of people who said that it was a mistake to send U.S. troops to Iraq .
This time , 49 percent said it was a mistake , versus 59 percent who felt that way last month .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
Home Page
Get up - to - the minute news from CNN CNN.com gives you the latest stories and video from the around the world , with in - depth coverage of U.S. news , politics , entertainment , health , crime , tech and more .
