Americans are furious about the state of their country .
In the first of two articles , we examine the reasons for their discontent ( see also article )
JOEL AND JACKIE BRENDE differ on many things .
He 's a Republican , and thrilled to have just shaken John McCain 's hand at a town - hall meeting in Kansas City , Missouri .
She 's a Democrat , who supports Barack Obama because she thinks it is “ time for a change ” .
But both of them agree that America 's star is fading .
“ We were always optimistic when we were young .
We thought that every year , things would get better , ” says Mrs Brende .
But now : “ The bubble has burst .
I think my generation [ will be ] the last to see a great America . ”
Her husband agrees .
Standards are falling in schools , he frets .
Young people are finding it harder to get ahead .
“ We 've all been so greedy for so long and it has caught up with us , ” says Mrs Brende .
She hopes that Mr Obama may be able to do something about the national malaise , but fears that “ It 's too late .
The slide is on . ”
Asked about their own lives , however , the Brendes are rather more cheerful .
“ We 're OK , financially , ” says Mrs Brende .
She is a travel writer ; her husband is a doctor .
They live half the year in Missouri and half in Mexico .
They have 24 grandchildren and another on the way .
Life could be a lot worse .
Regardless of their political beliefs , American voters are in a horrible mood this year .
Democrats are sick of George Bush .
Republicans are sick of the Democrats running Congress .
Everyone worries about Iraq , either because they think the war should never have been fought , or because of the long , costly and thankless slog it has turned into .
The latest violence in Afghanistan is depressing .
The culture war grinds on : America is slouching towards Gomorrah or theocracy , depending on your viewpoint .
The earth is either cooking or being overrun by eco-fanatics .
And the American economy is tottering .
The polls tell a dismal tale .
Only 29 % of Americans approve of the president .
Only 14 % approve of Congress .
And just 6 % view the economy positively .
Yet many Americans combine despondency about the big picture with personal contentment .
More than 80 % say they are satisfied with their own circumstances .
Even more are satisfied with their jobs .
And although nearly everyone despises Congress , most Americans like their own representatives .
How to reconcile these stark apparent contradictions ?
Some blame the media for overhyping gloomy news .
Phil Gramm , a former senator from Texas and adviser to Mr McCain 's campaign , told the Washington Times that : “ We have …become a nation of whiners .
You just hear this constant whining , complaining about a loss of competitiveness , America in decline … Thank God the economy is not as bad as you read in the newspaper every day . ”
He had a point .
American headlines are crammed with words like “ failure ” , “ hurting ” and “ Fannie Mae ” .
Foreign pundits sound even more bearish , and one sometimes detects a hint of gloating at the hyperpower 's distress .
“ The Great Depression , ” thundered the front page of the Independent , a British newspaper , in April .
The story underneath was about an increase in the demand for food stamps , after an effort to publicise their availability .
Amity Shlaes , the author of a history of the Great Depression , thinks the comparison absurd .
During the 1930s , she notes , “ people lost their homes even though they had borrowed only 10 % of the purchase price . ”
People losing their homes today often borrowed more than 90 % .
And today 's unemployment rate , though rising , is 5.5 % .
In the Great Depression , it peaked at 25 % .
Most Americans think their country is in a recession .
But , buoyed by exports , output has yet to shrink for a single quarter .
Mr Gramm suggested that his compatriots are suffering a “ mental recession ” rather than a real one .
The McCain campaign tossed him under the Straight Talk Express , which was harsh but politically wise .
For the figures miss an important point : consumers are facing a nasty squeeze , hit simultaneously by soaring costs for petrol , food and health care , tumbling house and share prices , tighter credit and flagging wages .
Both candidates hear voters complaining about these things all the time .
And since neither of them is a fool , both crack their cheeks trying to sound sympathetic .
Petrol prices , despite their recent retreat , hurt nearly everyone .
Adam Julch , an enormous former college football star who is now a manager at a trucking firm in Omaha , Nebraska , complains that he had to trade in his pickup truck for a little Honda Civic .
“ I 'm 350 pounds , ” he says , “ I feel like I 'm in a clown car . ”
Soaring energy costs have sent the overall inflation rate to 5 % — higher than it was in 1992 , when angry voters threw out George Bush senior .
Average hourly pay is falling in real terms .
Meanwhile houses , most Americans ' biggest asset by far , are tumbling in value at a pace that exceeds that seen in , yes , the Great Depression .
The S&P / Case - Shiller index of national house prices is down 16 % from its peak , and judging by the overhang of unsold homes , has a lot further to fall .
Asset deflation coupled with consumer - price inflation is a powerful recipe for political discontent .
In Prince William County , Virginia , for example , house prices fell by 31 % in the year to May and one home in 111 is in foreclosure .
During the boom years , lenders offered mortgages to people with no cash for a deposit and no documents to prove a steady income , sighs a local real - estate agent .
When these borrowers lost their jobs — and some were in the construction business , which has nosedived — many simply walked away from their homes .
Bankruptcies and bargains
In the worst - hit neighbourhoods , such as Dale City , the foreclosure signs are everywhere .
“ People do n't want to buy round here because they see all these empty houses and wonder what 's wrong with the area , ” says Ed Moore , an air force veteran who supports Mr McCain .
“ Things are going badly , ” says John , who owns a struggling local construction business and supports Mr Obama but prefers not to advertise the fact to his clients .
Both men are grumpy , but both reckon they will cope .
Mr Moore 's home has lost much of its value , but since he plans to stay in it “ till they put me six feet under ” , he is not unduly bothered .
John plans to quit construction , move to Texas and get into publishing .
He is a college dropout , but reckons that “ if you do some research , you can make a lot out of nothing ” in America .
Meanwhile , others see an opportunity in Dale City 's collapse .
Jessica Lofiego , a mother of two , is scouring the neighbourhood for a bargain .
At the height of the boom , she says , normal families could n't afford a nice place this close to Washington , DC .
Now , she 's looking at a spacious 3 - bedroom house that someone is trying to unload for $ 149,000 .
History suggests the housing slump will last for a while .
A study of post - war housing busts by the IMF found that they typically last four years and involve a loss totalling 8 % of a year 's output .
Inflation , meanwhile , could slow if commodity prices stabilise .
But given rapid , commodity - intensive growth in emerging economies , the underlying price shift — where American consumers spend relatively more of their income on food and fuel — is here to stay .
Small wonder they are sour .
The malaise stems in considerable part from a feeling that individuals have become more vulnerable to forces beyond their control .
The American can - do spirit is not dead , of course .
Laid - off workers are finding new jobs , motorists are driving less and cooks are trawling the internet for recipes to jazz up the leftovers in the fridge .
But some shocks are hard to adjust to .
The American suburban idyll of big homes and big gardens relied on cheap petrol .
With gas prices high , many suburbanites yearn for a shorter commute .
But they cannot quickly or easily sell their homes and start living in denser clusters with better public transport .
Nor is it clear that they want to .
So they suffer , and pray for petrol prices to fall .
Sometimes literally : Rocky Twyman , a community organiser from Maryland , leads group prayers at petrol stations to beg for divine intervention .
America 's costly but leaky health - care system aggravates several other problems .
Soaring health - insurance premiums depress wages and prompt cash - strapped firms to stop covering their staff .
The proportion of workers whose employers cover them fell from 65 % in 2001 to 59 % in 2007 .
And the fact that most Americans still get their health insurance through their job makes them much more worried about losing it .
Unemployment may be low , but if it means your children lose their health cover , losing a job is scary .
Opinion polls show unprecedented concerns about income distribution and economic mobility .
Gallup finds that nearly seven out of ten Americans think wealth should be more evenly distributed , the highest fraction since the question was first asked in 1984 .
People are worried about inequality for good reason : real median household income has fallen since 1999 , while labour 's share of the national pie has shrunk .
The squeeze on labour could be cyclical : between 1997 and 2001 , workers ' share of national income rose ; now it is back where it was in 1997 .
But the earnings gap between the most - skilled workers and everyone else has been widening since the early 1980s .
And in recent years the gains to the top have taken off while most people have stood still , or even fallen back , though the squeeze was partly mitigated by differing spending patterns ( see article ) .
Figures collated by Emmanuel Saez , an economist at Berkeley , make the point starkly .
In the 1990s , the incomes of the richest 1 % of taxpayers went up 10 % a year in real terms ( see chart ) , while those of the other 99 % grew at an average annual rate of 2.4 % .
Between 2002 and 2006 the richest 1 % saw 11 % annual real income growth : everyone else got less than 1 % .
Three - quarters of the gains from the Bush expansion went to 1 % of taxpayers , who now receive a larger share of overall income than at any time since the 1920s .
Technology is probably the main culprit , but Americans prefer to blame trade .
The latest Pew Research Centre survey of global attitudes found that only 53 % of Americans think trade is good for their country , down from 78 % in 2002 and lower than in any of the other 23 countries included in the survey .
The depth of gloom varies by age .
The baby - boom generation ( people aged 43 - 62 ) are glummer than the young or the elderly , according to Pew .
Some 55 % of boomers think it unlikely that their income will keep pace with the cost of living in the next year , compared with 44 % of 18 - 42 - year - olds and 43 % of those aged 63 or more .
Many boomers look after children and crumbling parents simultaneously .
Americans have grown accustomed to extraordinary prosperity .
Poor Americans today are more likely to have fridges , dishwashers and air - conditioning than average Americans were in 1971 .
Young voters have no memory of a serious recession , since the last one was in the early 1990s .
Some do not even realise that cyclical downturns are normal .
Only 18 % of Americans think they are worse off than their parents were at the same age .
But elections hinge on shorter - term concerns .
Four - fifths of Americans say it is harder to maintain a middle - class lifestyle now than it was five years ago .
That probably means the election is Mr Obama 's to lose .
therawstory
by Larisa Alexandrova
House Judiciary Committee Chairman John Conyers , Jr. ( D - MI ) issued a subpoena Thursday to former White House Deputy Chief of Staff Karl Rove for testimony about politicization of the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) , including the case of former Alabama Governor Don Siegelman , who was jailed for bribery in what was widely seen as a political prosecution .
The subpoena comes on the heels of a letter from Rove ’s attorney , Robert Luskin , who told the Judiciary Committee Wednesday that the president ’s former top advisor would refuse to testify voluntarily .
“ It is unfortunate that Mr. Rove has failed to cooperate with our requests , ” Conyers said in a release .
“ Although he does not seem the least bit hesitant to discuss these very issues weekly on cable television and in the print news media , Mr. Rove and his attorney have apparently concluded that a public hearing room would not be appropriate .
Unfortunately , I have no choice today but to compel his testimony on these very important matters . ”
Reacting to the news on NBC , correspondent Pete Williams said that the Justice Department most likely wo n’t enforce the subpoena .
Separately , Chairman Conyers recently received a letter from DOJ ’s Office of Professional Responibility ( OPR ) indicating that the office has opened an investigation into allegations of selective prosecution of Siegelman and others .
The subpoena issued Thursday orders Rove to testify before the House panel on July 10 .
He is expected to face questions about the White House ’s role in firing nine U.S. attorneys in 2006 and the prosecution of former Gov. Don Siegelman of Alabama , a Democrat .
House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers had negotiated with Rove ’s attorneys for more than a year over whether the former top political adviser to President Bush would testify voluntarily .
( Source )
The Senate approved a bill that effectively grants Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi immunity from prosecution during his term , the ANSA news agency reported .
The law grants immunity to Italy ’s four most powerful elected officials , the prime minister , the president and the speakers of the two chambers of Parliament , while they are in office .
The lower chamber had already approved it .
The most immediate beneficiary is Mr. Berlusconi , who had been awaiting trial , accused of paying his British lawyer , David Mills , $ 600,000 to give favorable testimony in two trials .
Will Dan Quayle Be Dancing with the Stars ?
( Photos )
served as the 44th Vice President under Presidentfrom 1989 to 1993 .
Prior to holding the second highest office in the land , he was a U.S. Senator from the great state of Indiana .
That was then - this is now .
The wildly popular reality television show Dancing with the Stars on ABC approached the baby boomer statesman , 61 , to see if he would sign on for season seven and vie for the coveted trophy and bragging rights .
He did n't have to give the proposition much thought .
According to sources , he promptly said ' thanks but no thanks ' .
The entire cast will be revealed live on Good Morning America on August 25th .
The new season starts on September 22 , 2008 with a live three night premiere .
The athletes have been at the top of the heap consistently throughout the six season run of the show .
Past winners have included Olympic figure skater Kristi Yamaguchi , Olympic speed skater Apolo Anton Ohno , NFL football great Emmit Smith and race car driver Helio Castroneves .
Check out some of the past athlete winners below .
Photos : WENN
JustHackIt is the next generation website automatic pentesting and hacking
If you are the first time here , please read the short info below .
How it works
The platform is backed by an AI engine that performce extremely fast / non - noise scan on your website .
It then use same skills as human hackers to eventually break and get root of your web server .
You will then be notified how you were hacked .
Fix it and test again .
JustHack
It automagically discover and exploit the most vulnerable / in - the - wild security holes on your server and utilize that .
Browned off : Sun worshipper Ronaldo turns a distinct shade of mahogany
For several weeks he 's been unable to play the sport that made his name , so you could forgive Cristiano Ronaldo for being browned off .
But as he spends more and more time in the Los Angeles sun , the footballer seems to be turning very brown indeed .
The 23 - year - old Manchester United player has spent so much time on sun loungers and by the pool that he could almost be mistaken for the Cuprinol man from the television adverts for the wood preservative .
Burnt brown : Footballer Cristiano Ronaldo has gone from Tango to conker , after spending his days roasting in the LA sunshine
How now brown Cristiano : Ronaldo lies in the sun on a bed of towels , covered in sun oil in a pair of shorts , and a boot protecting his crocked ankle
Remind you of someone ?
If Ronaldo can't decide which football club he wants to play for , he could always consider going into advertising as the Cuprinol man 's replacement
The £ 100,000 - a- week star , who is recuperating from ankle surgery to cure a long - term injury , passed the healthy looking bronze stage some time ago , but is still soaking up the rays on a daily basis .
It 's safe to assume his more macho teammates will leave him in no doubt as to what they think when he finally walks back into the dressing room .
And despite his earnings , the Portuguese player is certainly an example of how money can't buy you style .
This week he stepped out in a pair of tiny metallic hotpants - a look favoured by George Michael in his 1980s heyday with Wham ! - a pink T - shirt , a pair of bright white trainers and Top Gunstyle mirrored sunglasses .
He raised eyebrows again last week when he arrived at a Los Angeles awards ceremony wearing a white suit and T - shirt , highlighting his unashamedly orange glow .
However , it does not seem to have affected his success in attracting women .
Ronaldo , who split from his model girlfriend Nereida Gallardo before going to LA , has been seen flirting with a series of bikini - clad ladies by the pool of his hotel .
His teammates , meanwhile , have been busily preparing for the start of the Premier League season with matches in South Africa .
From bronzed to conker :
The varying shades of Cristiano Ronaldo during the playing season , centre , in Sardinia last month , and yesterday in Los Angeles
The player , worth an estimated £ 70 million , had apparently been hoping to secure a move to Spanish side Real Madrid .
But Manchester United have so far refused to allow their most valuable player to leave .
The player had angered fans by accusing his club of treating him ' like a slave ' , despite his enormous salary .
Phone a friend : Ronaldo checks his text messages .
The star has proved a hit with the ladies in Los Angeles where he is enjoying a pre-season break
As storm clouds begin to lift over the flooded Midwest , experts are predicting an entirely different sort of deluge .
Mosquitoes , which can breed out of control in the puddles and pools left behind as flood waters recede , may be poised to add insult to injury .
Midwesterners are n't the only ones ripe for the biting .
Mosquitoes are ubiquitous in the United States , living in every state and capable of thriving in all kinds of climates , according to Joseph M. Conlon , technical advisor to the American Mosquito Control Association ( AMCA ) .
Wherever there 's standing water , there are mosquitoes , he said .
And the diseases they carry , such as West Nile Virus , are n't far behind .
But science has some new solutions in the form of improved repellents , genetically modified mosquitoes , and new approaches to vaccine design , as well as some science - based ideas you can put to use at home .
Control just the mosquito
The big strides in mosquito control have largely involved better eradication and population control efforts , aimed to affect only mosquitoes , leaving other animals intact .
One of the most important developments in this effort was bio-rational control materials , said James Stark , executive director of the Metropolitan Mosquito Control District , the public agency charged with keeping Minneapolis and St. Paul relatively mosquito - free .
Developed in the 1980s , these " materials " are actually a strain of naturally occurring wetlands bacteria .
The District sprays the bacteria onto lakes and other water sources where mosquito larvae hatch and grow .
The larvae then eat the bacteria , which kills them by destroying the walls of the insect 's stomach .
Only mosquitoes and a few related fly species are susceptible .
Other animals , including people , can ingest the bacteria without any damage .
The project , one of the largest in the world , according to Conlon , has had a lot of success with this bacteria , particularly when combined with newer computer database systems that allow the agency to easily map and track areas where the bacteria are needed most .
But a new method , or , rather , a new twist on an old method , is on the horizon .
Sterile insect technique , or SIT , involves breeding large numbers of sterile male insects and then releasing them into the wild .
Ideally , the huge influx of sterile males out - compete their normal counterparts in the game of love , creating a whole generation of unfertilized eggs and crashing the insect population .
SIT would n't eradicate all mosquitoes , but it would keep population levels low enough to control the spread of diseases .
It 's a trick that has worked before on other insects , said James Becnel , research entomologist and lead scientist with the USDA 's Fly and Mosquito Control Unit .
Those past experiments used radiation to sterilize , but that can be problematic with mosquitoes , making them less able to compete for mates .
Now , an English company called Oxytec is pushing a new approach to SIT , using genetically altered mosquitoes .
" They have a gene that 's sensitive to antibiotics , " Becnel said .
" You can rear them in the lab with a small amount of antibiotics and grow big numbers .
Then , when you release them , there 's no wild antibiotics , so the genes are turned on and they become sterile . "
This technique could be coming to malaria - stricken Malaysia very soon , according to an article in the May 21 issue of the journal Nature .
Viral vision
Other efforts focus on controlling the ability of living mosquitoes to spread disease among humans .
The most obvious way to do this , of course , is through the use of vaccines .
But , while there is a vaccine for the tropical Yellow Fever virus , there are n't any for the mosquito - spread illnesses most common in the United States .
In fact , in the case of West Nile Virus , there 's a vaccine for horses , but not for people .
This is a funding issue , said the AMCA 's Conlon .
" Production and distribution of human vaccines is an extraordinarily expensive process and the time investment from concept to commercial production can be as much as 10 years , " he said .
" There are n't enough people getting sick to make it worthwhile to a company to develop a vaccine . "
But a new development in vaccine technology could possibly change that .
This week , researchers at Stony Brook University in New York announced they 'd developed a new method of designing vaccines that could potentially make the process faster and cheaper .
The researchers , including Steffen Mueller , Bruce Futcher and Steven Skiena , found they could genetically alter viruses to make them weaker and reduce their ability to multiply in the body .
In trials , mice fought off a weakened version of polio , leaving them with immunity to the " wild " virus .
Details are in the June 26 issue of the journal Science .
The researchers said this method could allow scientists to develop new vaccine candidates much faster than currently possible , basically speeding up the turn - around time between deciding to find a vaccine for a certain virus and having a workable candidate in - hand .
And while much of the expense of developing a vaccine lies in extensive clinical trials , a hurdle which probably wo n't go away , this new method could cut earlier development costs , and potentially make it possible to create vaccines for diseases that currently do n't have one , the researchers said .
Better repellents
Another major area of research is better repellents , which could keep mosquitoes away from people more effectively .
Becnel 's colleague from the USDA , Ulrich Bernier , along with researchers from the University of Florida , recently made some big breakthroughs in this field .
Using 50 years of data on repellent chemicals , the team trained a brain - based computer program to recognize the molecular structures and components common to effective repellents .
Then , they set the program to work analyzing some 2,000 chemical compounds , looking for the ones that shared those traits .
The result was 23 newly synthesized compounds that have the potential to outperform all repellents currently on the market , according to the May 27 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
In fact , while the most common current repellent , DEET , remains effective in a closed environment for about 17 days , one of the new compounds stuck it out for 85 .
This type of data - mining research is n't new , but how it 's being applied is .
" The pharmaceutical people have been using this method for years to design drugs , but it 's just now that the mosquito people are getting into it too , " Becnel said .
Home invasion
Actually , fending off mosquitoes does n't require lab access .
Conlon said that folks at home can play along .
All you need to do is follow what he calls the Three D's .
Drain : Mosquito eggs need water to hatch .
But they do n't need large amounts of water .
Conlon has seen the bugs breed in everything from discarded bottle caps to creases on tarps .
If you do n't want mosquitoes breeding in your backyard , you need to be fastidious about removing all sources of standing water , no matter how small .
Dress : Conlon said mosquitoes can bite through tight clothes and are attracted to dark colors .
The ideal mosquito - resistant outfits are ensembles that are loose - fitting , long - sleeved , and light - colored .
" In particular , they have a hard time seeing the color yellow , " he said .
" Yellow bug lights can be useful because of this .
They do n't repel mosquitoes , but they do n't attract them , either . "
Defend :
There are only four active ingredients currently approved by the Food and Drug Administration to effectively and safely repel mosquitoes : DEET , picaridin , ir3535 , and , for those who prefer a plant - based option , oil of lemon eucalyptus .
Conlon said it 's important to look for these ingredients because there are many mosquito repellents on the market that simply do n't work .
" Popular folk remedies like garlic and Vitamin B - 1 have been shown to be useless in double blind studies , " he said .
Others , such as oil of clove , are known repellents , but only at high concentrations that would burn human skin .
" So it works , but not at the low levels used in any product .
There , it just smells nice , " he said .
West Virginia election coverage drives Jon Stewart to drink
David Edwards and Mike Sheehan
Published : Thursday May 15 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
Jon Stewart wonders aloud on The Daily Show : How did Sen. Hillary Clinton beat Sen. Barack Obama so easily in West Virginia 's Democratic primary ?
Was it the state 's " working - class base ? "
The Clintons ' hard campaigning ?
Stewart suggests that something else was clearly at work as he airs clips of West Virginia voters referring to racial troubles and Obama 's middle name Hussein .
Continuing the levity , Stewart shows Clinton appealing for donations at a campaign stop .
Mocks Stewart , " Hear me now , poor working - class white people of West Virginia : show me the money !
I understand your pain , I myself am $ 20 million in debt . "
In another clip , Clinton campaign manager Terry McAuliffe and MSNBC's Chris Matthews try one - upping each other after a Clinton speech .
Stewart dons a hunting cap , grabs a jug , and says , " It looks like we got ourselves an old - fashioned West Virginia Douche Off ! " before airing more jabs between McAuliffe and Matthews set to banjo music .
This video is from Comedy Central 's The Daily Show , broadcast May 14 , 2008 .
Download video
Enlarge 2003 photo by Warren Zinn , Army Times via AP Joseph Dwyer carries Ali , an Iraqi boy , near Al Faysaliyah , Iraq , in 2003 .
During the first week of the war in Iraq in 2003 , a Military Times photographer captured the image of Army Pfc. Joseph Patrick Dwyer as he raced through a battle zone clutching a tiny Iraqi boy named Ali .
" Doc " Dwyer 's concerned face appeared on the pages of newspapers across the country .
Dwyer , 31 , died June 28 in Pinehurst , N.C. , after years of struggling with mental disorders .
During that time , he spiraled into substance abuse and depression , and he found himself in trouble with the law .
" Of course he was looked on as a hero here , " said Capt .
Floyd Thomas of the Pinehurst Police .
Still , " we 've been dealing with him for over a year . "
The day he died , Dwyer called a taxi company for a ride to the hospital , Thomas said .
When the driver arrived , " they had a conversation through the door ( of Dwyer 's home ) , " Thomas said , but Dwyer would not let the driver in .
The driver asked Dwyer if he should call the police .
Dwyer said yes .
When the police arrived , they asked him if they should break down the door .
He again said yes .
Thomas told The Fayetteville ( N.C. )
Observer that bottles of prescription medicine were found near Dwyer .
Dwyer served with the 3rd Squadron , 7th Cavalry Regiment as the unit headed into Baghdad at the beginning of the war .
Only four of the 21 days in which the regiment pushed forward lacked gunfire , he later told Newsday .
The day before Warren Zinn snapped his photo for Military Times , Dwyer 's Humvee had been hit by a rocket .
About 500 Iraqis were killed during those days , and Dwyer watched as Ali 's family near the village of Al Faysaliyah was caught in the crossfire .
He grabbed the 4 - year - old from his father and sprinted with him to safety .
Zinn captured the moment on his camera .
The image went across the United States , and Dwyer found himself hailed as a hero .
He did not see it that way .
" Really , I was just one of a group of guys , " he later told Military Times .
" I was n't standing out more than anyone else . "
According to Dwyer , he was just one of many who wanted to help after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
He 'd grown up in New York , and after the World Trade Center towers came crashing down , he went to see a recruiter .
" I knew I had to do something , " he said .
Just before he left for Iraq , he got married .
When he returned after three months in Iraq , he exhibited the symptoms of post - traumatic stress disorder .
Like many other combat vets , he did n't seek help .
In restaurants , he sat with his back to the wall .
He avoided crowds .
He stayed away from friends .
He abused inhalants , he told Newsday .
In 2005 , he and his family talked with Newsday to try to help other servicemembers who might need help .
He talked with the paper from a psychiatric ward at Fort Bliss in El Paso , where he was committed after his first run-in with the police .
In October 2005 , he thought there were Iraqis outside his window in El Paso .
When he heard a noise , he started shooting .
Three hours later , police enticed him to come out , and no one was injured .
Dwyer promised to go to counseling .
A year ago — June 26 , 2007 — Dwyer had again been committed to a psychiatric ward .
Thomas said police received a 911 call that Dwyer was " having mental problems relating to PTSD . "
" We responded and took him in , " Thomas said .
" He 's been in and out . "
Military Times could not reach Dwyer 's family , but his wife , Matina , told The ( Pinehurst , N.C. )
Pilot , " He was a very good and caring person .
He was just never the same when he came back because of all the things he saw . "
In 2003 , Dwyer was still hopeful about the future and about his place in the war .
" I know that people are going to be better for it , " he told Military Times .
Army Times is owned by the Gannett Co. , which also owns USA TODAY .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The Hermon Ski site - best option in the region
Tourism
Israel 's only ski site , located on the peak of Mt. Hermon , has become a favorite destination for Israeli vacationers , and , as opposed to recent years , for a growing number of foreigners .
Hôtel à Moscou | Réservez votre hôtel !
GRILLE DES PROGRAMMES
Pourim à Jéricho : Israël démasque le Hamas et Mahmoud Abbas
Ce matin , le 15 Mars 2006 , on pouvait voir en couverture des journaux à travers le monde une photo - choc ou des soldats israéliens casqués et armés gardent un groupe de prisonniers palestiniens peu vêtus , menottes aux poings , regardant d’un air hagard leurs « gardes » .
Nous sommes à la prison de Jéricho .
Au - delà des photos et reportages qui depuis hier soir martèlent les écrans de télévision du monde , les soldats israéliens sont à nouveau perçus comme les « méchants » et les autres comme les « victimes ».
Rappelons un instant les faits .
En octobre 2001 le Ministre Israélien Rehavam Zeevi fut assassiné à l’hôtel Hyatt de Jérusalem .
Ce meurtre est le premier du genre depuis le début de la seconde Intifada : un ministre , une figure politique tombait sous les balles des terroristes palestiniens du FPLP .
Cet assassinat avait été commis en représailles à l’élimination par l’armée israélienne d’Abu Ali Mustafa , ancien chef du Front Populaire de Libération de la Palestine et impliqué dans de nombreux attentats terroristes .
En vengeant la mort de leur chef et en assassinant un personnage public respecté , populaire et apprécié , le FPLP , groupuscule terroriste , avait brisé les règles du jeu .
Pour les Israéliens il fallait évidemment punir les responsables .
En 2002 le gouvernement israélien en pleine Intifada , obligeait l’Autorité Palestinienne de Yasser Arafat de placer sous les verrous , dans une prison palestinienne , Ahmed Saadat le nouveau chef du FPLP .
Mais celui-ci devait être sous surveillance et contrôle Britannique et Américain .
Un accord avait été conclu entre Israéliens , Américains , Britanniques et Palestiniens pour arrêter le chef du mouvement terroriste , l’emprisonner et garantir sa détention par des geôliers internationaux en territoire palestinien .
Depuis la victoire du Hamas aux élections de l’Autorité Palestinienne , des rumeurs selon lesquelles l’accord était caduc et la libération proche d’Ahmed Saadat ainsi que d’autres terroristes liés à l’affaire du navire Karine A , couraient .
Pour Israël et surtout pour Ehud Olmert , Premier Ministre par intérim et candidat aux élections , un compromis était hors de question .
Dès le moment où les Britanniques ont du quitter leurs positions pour des raisons de sécurité personnelle , l’armée israélienne reprit le contrôle de la prison , empêchant ainsi la libération d’Ahmed Saadat .
Cela exprime trois choses :
La proximité de l’échéance des élections n’atteint aucunement la volonté , la détermination et la capacité opérationnelle de Tsahal et celle du gouvernement à prendre des décisions audacieuses .
L’incapacité à gouverner de Mahmoud Abbas face à un Hamas ultra puissant a obligé Israël à reprendre les devants et montrer au Hamas et autres qu’élections ou pas , groupes terroristes ou pas , Israël ne compte pas laisser des assassins en liberté .
Enfin et ceci est peut être le plus important , face à une cacophonie du quartet et à une politique globale inexistante face au Hamas , Israël a du prendre les bonnes décisions .
Si aujourd ’hui , comme l’écrit le Figaro , « les Territoires Palestiniens sont en ébullition » ce n’est pas parce que Israël a fait monter la pression .
Mais c’est le résultat de la politique Européenne et Russe , entre autres , qui ne veut pas comprendre que l’ambition du Hamas est de changer les règles du jeu et entraîner de nouvelles violences dans la région .
Il faut espérer que le retour des photos des détenus palestiniens ne fera pas oublier à l’occident que ce n’est pas Israël qui met en danger la région mais un mouvement islamiste intégriste palestinien qui veut rayer de la carte l’Etat Juif .
Hier , l ’Union Européenne a autorisé un transfert de plus de 150 millions d’euros pour l’Autorité Palestinienne , il est clair que cet argent atterrira dans les poches des responsables du Hamas à Gaza et en Cisjordanie .
Encore une fois , Israël seul , doit affronter seul ses ennemis et garantir seul sa sécurité et le respect des engagements pris .
Si Ahmed Saadat et les autres terroristes avaient été libérés par le Hamas , cela aurait été la première victoire du Hamas face à Israël .
Or au - delà de la victoire du Hamas aux élections palestiniennes , Israël ne permettra plus aucune victoire du Hamas , en tout cas tant que ce dernier continuera à prôner la destruction de l’Etat juif .
Consultez nos programmes
- Journaux télévisés
- Débats
- Documents
- Interviews
- Revues de presse
- Analyses
Staying awake is easy … 5 shots of espresso and 2 lines of cocaine is all you need .
You ’ll certainly be wide awake and wired , but you may also die from a heart attack a few hours later .
In all seriousness , conquering drowsiness before it overwhelms your mind can be quite a challenge without the help of drugs .
So the big question is :
What are some healthy , drug - free ways to stay awake when you must ?
Let ’s take a look at 17 possibilities .
Crank
Up the AC – Warm , stuffy environments accelerate mental fatigue .
If you need to stay awake in a lecture hall or meeting room find an open seat under an AC vent .
Cold Water – Splash some on your face and the pulse area of your wrists .
Drinking an ice - cold glass of water can also help to wake you up , and if you drink enough of it you ’ll be up on your feet using the restroom every 30 minutes as well .
Fasting at Mealtime –
The human body expends a great deal of energy during the digestion process .
This can create a great deal of fatigue when you are trying to stay awake .
Fasting is a great way to avoid this natural fatigue .
As long as you are drinking enough water , fasting for a meal or two is also a healthy way to detoxify your cells and rejuvenate organs .
Light Exercise Breaks –
Take a break and take a walk or do a couple jumping jacks to get your blood moving .
Even the slightest bit of exercise can act as a healthy way to energize your mind and body .
Chew Sugar - Free Peppermint Gum –
It wo n’t rot your teeth and it will generate just enough physical activity to keep you awake .
Strong peppermint flavors seem to work best for me … there ’s just something about that refreshing minty taste .
Write –
The idea is to keep your mind busy .
If you are attending a lecture or business meeting , write down everything that is said .
If you are simply trying to stay awake , create a detailed to - do list for the week or plan out your perfect weekend getaway .
A Good Laugh – Watch a funny video clip or read your favorite comic strip .
A good chuckle will stimulate your mind and help you to stay awake a little while longer .
Inspirational and Motivational Material – Sometimes all you need is a little pep talk .
Watch a video clip that inspires you .
Music –
If it ’s not too much of a distraction , listening to fast beat music can be a great way to keep your mind awake .
Tickle the Top of Your Mouth Cavity – Obviously , you ’ll want to do this with your tongue .
Rub your tongue against the top front area of your mouth cavity .
It feels a little weird , but it does give you a quick , irritating nerve jolt that can actually help to keep you awake .
Turn On All the Lights – Darkness promotes sleepiness .
Turn on every light in the room .
Hangout with a Friend –
It ’s so much easier to stay awake when you have someone else to interact with .
Play Video Games – First - person shooters , fast paced driving games , or online RPGs like the great World of Warcraft are sure to keep you wide awake .
Go Outdoors – Getting some fresh air outdoors is always a good way to rouse your senses .
Pull Down on Your Earlobes –
This may sound strange , but pulling down on your earlobes can help you stay awake and alert when you ’re feeling drowsy .
Just try it .
Nutritious Low Carb Snacks – Low carb fruits such as raspberries , apples , oranges , and grapefruits are great energy boosters .
Heaping scoops of spicy salsa on a few small crackers is another goodie .
Stay away from meats , breads and dairy products .
Get Enough Sleep When You Can –
This one should be obvious .
The best way to stay awake is to be well rested .
If you get enough sleep on a regular basis it will be much easier for you to stay awake or pull an all - nighter when you absolutely must .
Check out these books for more natural ways to stay awake :
I ’ve had a feeling that a long period of time has passed since I made a screencast of anything .
It turned out that the last one was made more than a year ago .
So , I decided to make a screencast of Lancelot … it beats writing user documentation every time :) enjoy :
The main reason for the cast was the fact that the Parts applet is not that intuitive to use ( if you do n’t see what you can do with it ) .
And if you ’re asking how I know that most of you have n’t tested the Parts applet , then the answer is simple - there are no bug reports on it , while it is the most unstable part of Lancelot .
EDIT : Here you are - the direct download http://www.sendspace.com/file/52jr89 8MB
This domain is registered at Namecheap
This domain was recently registered at Namecheap .
Please check back later !
Apple Inc.’s iPhone has been the world ’s most influential smart phone since its debut a year ago , widely hailed for its beauty and functionality .
It was a true hand - held computer that raised the bar for all its competitors .
But that first iPhone had two big drawbacks :
It was expensive , and it could n’t access the fastest cellular - phone networks .
On Friday , Apple ( AAPL ) is launching a second - generation iPhone , called the iPhone 3G , which addresses both of those problems , while retaining the look and feel of the first model ’s hardware and software .
The base version of the new iPhone costs $ 199 — half the $ 399 price of its predecessor ; the higher - capacity version is now $ 299 , down from $ 499 .
Yet , this new iPhone is much , much faster at fetching data over cellphone networks because it uses a speedy cellular technology called 3G .
And it now sports a GPS chip for better location sensing .
The company also is rolling out the second generation of its iPhone operating system , with some nice new features , including wireless synchronization with corporate email , calendars and address books .
And there ’s a new online store for third - party iPhone programs that Apple hopes will make the device usable for a wider variety of tasks , including gaming and productivity applications .
This new software and store will also be available on older iPhones , through a free upgrade .
I ’ve been testing the iPhone 3G for a couple of weeks , and have found that it mostly keeps its promises .
In particular , I found that doing email and surfing the Internet typically was between three and five times as fast using AT&T ’s 3G network as it was with the older AT&T network to which the first iPhone was limited .
Apple ’s new iPhone operating system includes an ‘ App store , ’ where you can browse for , and download , third - party software .
Apple ’s new iPhone operating system includes an ‘ App store , ’ where you can browse for , and download , third - party software .
The iPhone 3G is hardly the first phone to run on 3G networks , and it still costs more than some of its competitors .
But overall , I found it to be a more capable version of an already excellent device .
And now that it ’s open to third - party programs , the iPhone has a chance to become a true computing platform with wide versatility .
There are two big hidden costs to the new iPhone ’s faster speed and lower price tag .
First , in my tests , the iPhone 3 G ’s battery was drained much more quickly in a typical day of use than the battery on the original iPhone , due to the higher power demands of 3G networks .
This is an especially significant problem because , unlike most other smart phones , the iPhone has a sealed battery that ca n’t be replaced with a spare .
Second , Apple ’s exclusive carrier in the U.S. , AT&T Inc. ( T ) , has effectively negated the iPhone ’s up - front price cut by jacking up its monthly fee for unlimited data use by $ 10 .
Over the course of the two - year contract you must sign to get the lower hardware prices , that adds $ 240 , overwhelming the $ 200 savings on the phone itself .
If you want text messaging , the cost rises further .
With the first iPhone , 200 text messages a month came free .
Now , 200 messages will cost $ 5 a month , or another $ 120 over the two - year contract .
The iPhone 3G still has a couple of features that made the first version unpalatable to some potential buyers .
It uses a virtual on - screen keyboard instead of a physical one .
While I find the virtual keyboard easy and accurate , not everyone does .
Also , in the U.S. and in many other countries , the iPhone is still tied to a single exclusive carrier , whose coverage or rate plans may be unacceptable to some .
Here is a rundown of the changes in the new model .
Design :
The new iPhone looks almost exactly like the old one .
It is the same length and width , has the same big , vivid screen , and has the same number and layout of buttons .
The main difference is the back , which is now plastic instead of mostly metal and curved instead of flat .
It ’s very slightly thicker in the middle , with tapered edges , and weighs a tiny bit less .
The new iPhone 3G ( left ) delivers much higher Internet download speeds over cellular networks than the original iPhone ( right ) .
The new iPhone 3G ( left ) delivers much higher Internet download speeds over cellular networks than the original iPhone ( right ) .
Like its predecessor , the iPhone 3G comes in two models distinguished only by storage capacity : 8 gigabytes and 16 gigabytes .
The top model is available in black or white .
Apple has greatly improved the audio on the new iPhone .
I found the speaker was much louder , for music and for the speakerphone .
But the new phone produced an echo when used with the built - in Bluetooth system in my car .
Also , the headphone jack is now flush with the case instead of recessed as on the first model , so it can accept any standard stereo earphones .
The camera , however , is still bare - bones .
It ca n’t record video and has a resolution of just two megapixels .
The power adapter is now tiny , at least in the U.S. , but Apple no longer includes a dock for charging , just a cable .
Software :
The basic software is similar .
The biggest addition for some users will be full compatibility with Microsoft ’s ( MSFT ) widely used Exchange ActiveSync service , which many corporations use .
In my tests , I was able to connect the iPhone 3G to my company ’s Exchange servers in a few minutes , and my corporate email , calendar and contacts were replicated on the phone .
Any changes I made on the iPhone were reflected almost instantly in Microsoft Outlook on my company PC , and vice versa .
Email was pushed to the phone as soon as it was received on the company ’s servers .
One drawback :
While you can have both personal and Exchange email accounts on the new iPhone , if you synchronize with Exchange calendars and contacts , your personal calendar and contacts are erased .
The new iPhone and upgraded older iPhones also will be able to use a new Apple consumer service , MobileMe , which offers synchronized push email , calendars , photos and contacts .
There are other improvements .
You can now delete multiple emails at once , set parental controls and search your contacts .
You can also save photos in emails or from Web sites .
You can also now open Microsoft PowerPoint files sent as attachments , though I found in my tests that opening larger PowerPoint files crashed the phone .
Some software features missing from the first iPhone are still AWOL on the new one .
There ’s no copy and paste function , no universal search , no instant messaging and no MMS for sending photos quickly between phones .
Network : Like the old iPhone , the new one can perform Internet tasks using either Wi-Fi wireless networking or the cellphone networks .
But the addition of 3G cellular capability makes the new model more useful for Web surfing , email and other data tasks when you ’re not in Wi -Fi range .
In my tests , in Washington and New York , I got data speeds mostly ranging between 200 and 500 kilobits per second .
By comparison , the original iPhone , tested in the same spots at the same time , mostly got cellular data speeds between 70 and 150 kbps on AT&T ’s old EDGE network .
The new iPhone typically was between three and five times as fast as the old one .
While AT&T now has 3G networks in 280 U.S. cities , and aims to be in 350 by year end , it is converting its cellphone towers gradually , so not all areas of included cities have 3G coverage .
The new iPhone falls back to EDGE speeds when 3G is n’t present .
One side benefit to 3G is that in some areas , voice coverage improves .
At my neighborhood shopping center , where the first iPhone got little or no AT&T service , the iPhone 3G registered strong coverage .
But I still found that calls regularly broke up on some major streets .
In New York City , riding in a taxi along the Hudson , one important call was dropped three times on the new iPhone .
Finally , I borrowed a cheap Verizon ( VZ ) phone and got perfect reception .
Battery life : Apple claims that over 3G , the new iPhone can get five hours of talk time , or five hours of Internet use .
Talk time is twice as long on the older EDGE network , and Internet time is an hour better with Wi -Fi .
I ran my own battery tests using the phone ’s 3G capability .
Although I left the Wi-Fi function on , I did n’t connect it to a network , so the phone had to rely on 3G .
In my test of voice calling , I got 4 hours and 27 minutes , short of Apple ’s maximum claim and nearly three hours less than what I recorded in the same test last year on the original iPhone .
In my test of Internet use over 3G , I got 5 hours and 49 minutes , better than Apple ’s claim , but far short of the nine hours I got using Wi -Fi in last year ’s tests .
More important , in daily use , I found the battery indicator on the new 3G model slipping below 20 % by early afternoon or midafternoon on some days , and it entirely ran out of juice on one day .
I overcame this problem by learning to use Wi-Fi instead of 3G whenever possible , turning down the screen brightness and even turning off 3G altogether , which the phone permits .
The iPhone 3 G ’s battery life is comparable to , or better than , that of some other 3G competitors .
But they have replaceable batteries .
The iPhone does n’t .
Third - party software :
If things go as Apple hopes , third - party software could be the biggest attraction to the new iPhone 3G , and to upgraded older iPhones .
By some estimates , there will be hundreds of these programs , some free and some paid , almost immediately .
Apple did n’t supply me with programs for testing , but I managed to try several on older devices upgraded to the new operating system .
I tested a game that used the phone ’s motion sensors to control the action , and I tested several programs from America Online ( TWX ) , including AOL Instant Messenger ; AOL Radio , which streams music from the Internet ; and AOL ’s Truveo video search engine .
All worked very well .
Among the programs Apple has publicly previewed were a sales automation program from Salesforce.com , a game called Super Monkey Ball from Sega and a program for bidding on eBay ( EBAY ) .
Also made public were a news reader from the Associated Press , a program for following live games from Major League Baseball and several programs for doctors , including the Epocrates drug reference .
Bottom line :
If you ’ve been waiting to buy an iPhone until it dropped in price , or ran on faster cell networks , you might want to take the plunge , if you can live with the higher service costs and the weaker battery life .
The same goes for those with existing iPhones who love the device but crave faster cellular data speeds .
But if you already own an iPhone , and can usually use Wi-Fi for data , you probably should hold off and get the free software upgrade before deciding whether it ’s worth getting the new hardware .
Find all of Walt Mossberg ’s columns and videos online , free , at the All Things Digital Web site , walt.allthingsd.com .
Email him at mossberg@wsj.com .
Dave Cross has a piece on why corporations hate Perl .
He 's being a little hyperbolic ( as he admits ) -- not everyone hates Perl , but he 's right in noting that there is a backlash against it .
He says :
I was talking to people from one such company last night .
The Powers That Be at this company have announced that Perl is no longer their language of choice for web systems and that over time ( probably a lot of time ) systems will be rewritten in a combination of Java and PHP .
Management have started to refer to Perl - based systems as " legacy " and to generally disparage it .
This attitude has seeped through to non-technical business users who have started to worry if developers mention a system that is written in Perl .
Business users , of course , do n't want nasty old , broken Perl code .
They want the shiny new technologies .
And so , in a matter of months , the technical managers at this company have create a business environment where Perl is seen as the cause of most of the problems with the current systems .
It 's an impressive piece of social engineering
Referenced Wed Aug 20 2008 10:43:00 GMT - 0600 ( MDT ) From Why Corporates Hate Perl - O'Reilly ONLamp Blog Referenced Wed Aug 20 2008 10:43:00 GMT - 0600 ( MDT )
He labels this kind of things " anti- Perl social engineering . "
I 've run into similar feelings .
At Kynetx , our systems are built in Perl and Ruby .
We use Rails to create the user facing pieces , but the engine , that part that needs to run fast , is written as an Apache module in Perl .
I 've noticed that when I explain the language choice to people I almost always have to answer the spoken or unspoken question : " Perl ??
Really ?
Why Perl ? "
After I explain the architecture and the reasons behind the decision , they 're almost always satisfied , but there 's a definite stigma .
I 'm doing a talk next week at the Utah Open Source Conference ( Friday morning at 10 am ) on using Apache as an application server .
There are some significant advantages and Apache offers some real great application support that is largely untapped .
But to talk advantage of it , you 're pretty much stuck with C... or Perl .
Given that choice the decision is a no-brainer .
I 'll be putting my thoughts together for the talk later this week or next week and promise to blog the ideas .
Still , the idea that Perl is an old crusty language could n't be more wrong .
I 've been programming in Perl for nigh on 15 years now and I do n't think it 's ever been more interesting .
Perl sports the best collection of libraries of any dynamic language and supports modern engineering practices like modules , objects , and testing .
I 've seen ugly Perl code -- heck I 've written it -- but that 's not Perl 's fault .
I spoke with a local company last week that has been a Perl shop but is moving to Java .
I smiled because I know that means there will be a lot of unhappy Perl programmers there who I can hire later ! :-)
I 'll continue to proudly carry the torch for Perl .
We ’re not talking about “ preference ” here , or even just “ what ’s available . ”
We ’re talking about food items that should never have been invented .
We ’re not even talking about chilled monkey brains , hogs feet , gizzards , squid , or even eyeballs .
Nope , we ’re talking about food combinations or packaging that just should n’t be .
And there is plenty of examples that should make you cringe or maybe even make you swear off certain food just because it ’s offered in a particular way .
Unless of course your diet has been dirt and twigs , or maybe the occasional fly since you were born .
For example :
Canned Bread
Of course everyone loves some type of bread product , but do we really love it so much we ’ll eat it out of a can ?
What ’s interesting is it clearly looks like it ’s for the military and it ’s made by the same people that make spray paints and RC cars .
[ via : response.jp ]
Canned Steak & Kidney Pie
Seriously , who in the fuck invented this ?
Why ?
This should be on Fear Factor .
Steak is awesome , canned steak , I ca n’t say – never had it .
But canned steak & kidney pie ?
Now you ’re just being ridiculous .
And no , that ’s not a picture of me .
[ via : Flickr ]
Canned Silk Worm Pupae
Fucking BBQ flavored .
Christ on a crutch .
This food is for lost civilizations and tribes that have n’t ever been in contact with the modern world .
And some bastard decided to flavor and can the shit ?
I ’m pretty sure I ’ve just seen everything .
[ via : Toyrential - Reign ]
Packaged Jellied Eel
Son of a bitch , I ’m still almost heaving from the BBQ ’ed Pupae .
Leave it to an Asian culture to gross your Western World ass out .
They ’ll do it every time , but they ’ll also pixelate porn – go figure .
Anyway , eating eel is fucked up – but then jelly and package the shit like eel Jello packs and … oh god , I ’m gonna puke .
[ via : Wikipedia ]
Canned Creamed Corn
Who the hell thought it was a good idea to make corn soup ?
I do n’t understand why you ’d want to eat something that looks similar and was the consistency of vomit .
After the posts above , I think I horked up some creamed corn .
[ via : Del Monte ]
Okay , the creamed corn was kind of a joke .
But not really .
That stuff is nasty baby .
These look to be aimed directly at enterprises and other no -frills applications , but we 're still intrigued these new all - in - one touchscreen PCs from NEC .
With Atom under the hood , 512MB or 1GB of RAM and a 80GB hard drive , you can pick between the 12 - inch 12PNC - W2 / B2 ( white or black ) or the 15 PNC - W2 / B2 ( same ) , you wo n't be able to walk away with one of these tablet - style , but it sounds like the power draw will be akin to a laptop .
The PNCs run XP Embedded or Vista Business for Embedded .
No word on price .
His 21 - minute address completed , Mr. Biden was joined on stage by his wife , Jill , who told the crowd they were about to be joined by an unscheduled guest .
The crowd exploded as Mr. Obama walked around the corner .
“ If I ’m not mistaken , Hillary Clinton rocked the house last night , ” he said , gazing up at where Mr. and Mrs. Clinton were watching the proceedings and leading the crowd in applause .
“ And President Clinton reminded us of what it ’s like when you have a president who actually puts people first .
Thank you . ”
The historic nature of the moment quickly gave way to the political imperatives confronting Mr. Obama , who arrived here on Wednesday afternoon and is to accept the nomination Thursday night before a crowd of 75,000 people in a football stadium .
After days in which the convention often seemed less about Mr. Obama than about the two families that have dominated Democratic politics for nearly a half - century , the Kennedys and the Clintons , he needed to convince voters that he has solutions to their economic anxieties and to rally his party against the reinvigorated candidacy of Mr. McCain .
The roll - call vote took place in the late afternoon Wednesday — the first time in at least 50 years that Democrats have not scheduled their roll call on prime - time television — as Democrats sought to avoid drawing attention to the lingering resentments between Clinton and Obama delegates .
Yet the significance of the vote escaped no one , and sent a charge through the Pepsi Center as a procession of state delegations cast their votes and the hall , slightly empty at the beginning of the vote , became shoulder - to - shoulder with Democrats eager to witness this moment .
As planned , it fell to Mrs. Clinton to put Mr. Obama over the top .
He was declared the party ’s nominee at 4:47 p.m. Mountain time after Mrs. Clinton , in a light blue suit standing out in a crowd that included almost every elected New York official , moved that the roll call be suspended and that Mr. Obama be declared the party ’s nominee by acclamation .
The vote was timed to conclude during the network evening news broadcasts .
“ With eyes firmly fixed on the future in the spirit of unity , with the goal of victory , with faith in our party and country , let ’s declare together in one voice , right here and right now , that Barack Obama is our candidate and he will be our president , ” Mrs. Clinton said .
ABOUT SVP
At Soutar Video Productions ( SVP ) we pride ourselves on creating amazing video content for your company .
Our knowledge of the digital communications industry and it ’s constantly fascinating evolution of innovative products is paramount to our success .
We constantly strive to keep our business up to date with ‘ state of the art ’ equipment , meaning you – our clients , receive the very best in production technology coupled with a whole lot of passion and energy from the highly skilled SVP team .
Ably led by Company Director Wayne Soutar , the SVP team has collectively more than 8 decades of experience and a successful track record with 25 years notched up operating the business .
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
2004 – 2020 IMG PRODUCTIONS AUSTRALIA – EXECUTIVE BROADCAST DIRECTOR
Executive responsible for editorial content , live cut of cameras and program output of final broadcast product in addition to all season pre-production and telecast planning across multiple sports including , Golf , Badminton , Snooker , Triathlon , Marathon .
2008 - 18 AUSTRALIAN OPEN TENNIS – HOST BROADCAST DIRECTOR
HB Director – responsible for live cut of cameras and program output of televised courts including Rod Laver Arena , Hisense Arena , and Margaret Court Arena .
2018 GOLD COAST COMMONWEALTH GAMES – DIRECTOR
Director of Triathlon , Race Walks and Men / Women / Wheelchair T54 Marathon Competitions
2016 RIO OLYMPIC BROADCASTING – PRODUCER / DIRECTOR
Producer / Director – responsible for live cut of cameras and program output of Olympic Host Broadcast Water - Polo .
2014 GLASGOW COMMONWEALTH GAMES – DIRECTOR
Director of Opening Ceremony unilateral , combined Men / Women / Wheelchair T54 Marathon and Diving Competitions .
2010 GRIFFITH UNIVERSITY INTERNATIONAL – SPECIALIST COURSE LECTURER
Presentation of course material designed to introduce Western style directing methods and procedures to Vietnamese broadcasters .
2008 BEIJING OLYMPIC BROADCASTING – PRODUCER / DIRECTOR
Producer / Director – responsible for live cut of cameras and program output of Olympic Host Broadcast Water - Polo .
2006 MELBOURNE 2006 COMMONWEALTH
GAMES – DIRECTOR
Director of combined Mens / Womens Marathon and Diving Competitions .
2004 ATHENS OLYMPIC BROADCASTING – PRODUCER / DIRECTOR
Producer / Director – responsible for live cut of cameras and program output of Olympic Host Broadcast Water - Polo .
2000 SYDNEY OLYMPIC BROADCASTING – PRODUCER / DIRECTOR
Producer / Director – responsible for live cut of cameras and program output of Olympic Host Broadcast Water - Polo .
1998/04 PGA TOUR PRODUCTIONS – Australasia – SENIOR DIRECTOR
Senior Director – responsible for live cut of cameras and program output of final broadcast product in addition to all season pre-production .
1988 FINA World Swimming Championships – DIRECTOR
Host Broadcaster Director – ‘ LIVE ’ sports coverage of the Women ’s Water Polo competition including all Heats , Semi-Finals and Gold Medal matches .
1998 THE DISNEY CHANNEL – Australia – SUPERVISING PRODUCER
Responsible for 5 staff and production output .
Liaison with supervised staff , external companies and suppliers .
responsibility for production budget .
1997 ATN 7 Seven Network Production – PRODUCER / DIRECTOR
Responsible for 25 staff and production output .
1996 BTQ 7 Production – SUPERVISING PRODUCER / DIRECTOR
Responsible for 3 production units ( 13 staff ) and combined output .
1988 – 1996 BTQ 7 Production Department – PRODUCER / DIRECTOR
General responsibility for studio direction & creative input into program .
1985 – 1988 BTQ 7 Production Department – DIRECTOR
General responsibility for studio direction of programs including News , Current Affairs , Children ’s programs , Game Shows & local sports
1978 – 1996 BTQ 7 NEWS – CAMERA OPERATOR
Dr Williams said the Church was " anxious and tormented " The Archbishop of Canterbury has said Jesus would feel the pain on both sides of the divide in the Church of England over women bishops and gay priests .
Rowan Williams made his comments during a sermon at a communion service at York Minster ahead of a crucial vote by the Church 's ruling body .
On Monday , the General Synod will decide how far the Church should accommodate opponents of women bishops .
More than 1,000 clergy have threatened to leave the Church over the issue .
They say they will go unless adequate safeguards are put in place to ensure they can receive pastoral oversight from a male bishop .
The controversy comes shortly after the creation of a worldwide movement of Anglicans who oppose the liberalisation of Church teaching on issues such as homosexuality .
Dr Williams said : " In the middle of our discussions at Synod , where would Jesus be ?
" Jesus is going to be with those who feel the waterlessness of their position , with those traditionalists feeling the Church is slipping away from them , the landmarks have shifted ....
" He will be with those in very different parts of the landscape who feel that things are closing in , that their position is under threat and their liberties are being taken away by those anxious and eager to enforce new ideologies in the name of Christ .
" He will be with those who feel that their liberty of questioning is under threat , he will be with gay clergy who wonder what their future is in a Church so anxious and tormented about this issue . "
' Vatican meeting '
Any decision on woman bishops will have to be approved by parliament .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" MPs do n't see this as a theological squabble in the Church of England .
They see it as something much broader , " he said .
The Church of England has refused to confirm newspaper reports that senior bishops have had talks with Vatican officials over divisions in the Anglican Communion ahead of the Lambeth Conference later this month .
The Sunday Telegraph reported that Church of England bishops met senior advisers of Pope Benedict XVI to discuss the issue of gay priests and women bishops .
A number of bishops within the worldwide Communion have declined invitations to Lambeth - which takes place every 10 years - in protest at the presence of pro-gay clergy .
Meanwhile , a proposal to assist the opening up of hundreds of parish churches to tourists has been approved by the General Synod during its gathering at York University .
Members backed calls for the creation of a tourism group in each of the 44 dioceses to boost interest in church buildings .
The meeting was also due to debate whether fees charged for weddings and funerals should be raised .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It was a North Korean plane , and the army had complete knowledge about it and the equipment
AQ Khan
AQ Khan rehabilitated ?
Disgraced scientist AQ Khan has said that Pakistan transported nuclear material to North Korea with the full knowledge of the country 's army .
In media interviews , he said that the army supervised a flight of centrifuges to Pyongyang in 2000 .
At the time , the current President Pervez Musharraf was head of the army .
He has repeatedly stated that no - one apart from Dr Khan had any knowledge of the nuclear transportations which caused international concern .
Dr Khan said that uranium enrichment equipment was sent in a North Korean plane loaded under the supervision of Pakistani security officials .
' Complete knowledge '
The BBC's Barbara Plett , in Islamabad , says that Dr Khan 's latest claims contradict a public confession he made in 2004 that he was solely responsible for exporting nuclear technology to Iran , North Korea and Libya .
Our correspondent says that the comments are the most controversial accusations made by Dr Khan since he recently began defending himself in statements to the media .
His remarks also contradict the oft - stated line of the Pakistani government that neither it nor the army had any knowledge of the exports .
AQ Khan has been at the forefront of developing Pakistan 's nuclear capacity " It was a North Korean plane , and the army had complete knowledge about it and the equipment , " Dr Khan said .
Pakistan 's newly - elected government has relaxed restrictions on Mr Khan , who was put under house arrest in 2004 by the then military leader , President Musharraf .
He is still detained but has begun speaking to the media by telephone .
He said the army must have been aware of the centrifuges exports since it supervised all defence consignments and special flights .
' Extremely embarrassing '
Dr Khan also said the president must have known about the shipment , because he had written about it in his memoirs .
But when pressed he stopped short of directly implicating Mr Musharraf , saying he did not know who specifically was responsible .
The allegations are highly controversial , correspondents say , and could prove extremely embarrassing for the army .
President Musharraf argues that only AQ Khan knew of the nuclear transfers President Musharraf 's spokesman , Rashid Qureshi , dismissed Dr Khan 's claims .
" I can say with full confidence that it is all lies and false statements , " he said .
Other government departments - including the army and foreign ministry - declined to comment on Friday .
The retired scientist has spoken increasingly to the media since a new government was elected in Pakistan earlier this year .
When asked why he had taken sole responsibility for the nuclear scandal in 2004 , Dr Khan said he had been persuaded that it was in the national interest .
In return , he said , he had been promised complete freedom , but " those promises were not honoured " .
Dr Khan also said that he travelled to North Korea in 1999 with a Pakistani general to purchase shoulder - launched missiles .
His wife this week went to the Islamabad High Court in a bid to end restrictions on her husband 's movements .
Dr Khan was pardoned by President Musharraf after admitting illegally transferring nuclear secrets to other countries including Libya , Iran and North Korea .
But in recent weeks he has retracted his confession .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
the conspiracy : Starting in the mid-’40s , American cities began putting fluoride into their drinking water under the guise of preventing childhood tooth decay .
Freedom - loving Americans found it hard to swallow .
As Dr. Strangelove ‘s Brig . General Jack D. Ripper put it , “ Do you realize that fluoridation is the most monstrously conceived and dangerous communist plot we have ever had to face ? ”
the conspiracy theorists : The John Birch Society peddled the fluoride - as - pinko - plot idea for many years .
( One Bircher recently quipped , “ Do n’t be surprised if we learn soon that the fluoride in Chinese toothpaste is nuclear waste from North Korea . ” )
Today , fluoridation opponents include scientists and environmentalists who say overexposure can cause serious health effects .
The Fluoride Action Network , the most prominent anti-fluoridation group , was cofounded by former Sierra Club executive director and ecoguru David Brower .
meanwhile , back on earth :
Those toothless paranoids may have been partly right .
Though fluoride ’s not eroding our moral fiber , research shows that too much of it eats away teeth and bones .
Which is a problem , since it ’s not just in 59 percent of Americans ’ water ; it ’s also turning up in foods made with fluoridated water , including ice cream , hot dogs , and beer .
Kookiness Rating : ( 1 = maybe they ’re on to something , 5 = break out the tinfoil hat ! )
20 June 2006 People in Aberystwyth had an unexpected windfall when a man showered what is thought to be thousands of pounds into the air at a pedestrian crossing .
The man was heard to shout : " Who wants free money ? " seconds before hurling the cash into the air in Alexandra Road .
The incident caused chaos as drivers and pedestrians , some on their hands and knees , picked up the money .
Dyfed - Powys Police said a 40 - year - old man was later arrested for driving offences in nearby Aberaeron .
John Morris saw what happened from outside his shop in nearby Terrace Road on Monday at about 1100 BST .
He also caught the act on his CCTV system which scans the area near the town 's railway station .
" I just could n't believe my eyes , " said Mr Morris .
" All the money was in ? 20 notes and I 've heard rumours that the man threw about ? 20,000 away .
" It was like something out of the movies .
It caused bedlam - people were on their hands and knees eagerly picking the money up .
" People were shocked and just could n't believe it " " I heard that one person picked up about ?800 , and another banked about ?
150 this morning so it was n't fake money .
" Dyfed - Powys Police confirmed a man from Aberystwyth had thrown a sum of money in the air in Alexandra Road before driving away .
The police added that some of the cash had been retrieved .
According to police , the man was later arrested on suspicion of driving offences and told them : " I just wanted to spread a little sunshine .
" A police source said : " It is quite incredible .
He said he wanted to spread some sunshine around to give people a little happiness . "
Physicists from the University of Granada and University of Valencia , analyzing data sent by the Huygens probe from Titan , say they have “ unequivocally ” proved that there is natural electrical activity on Titan , the largest of Saturn 's moons .
Scientists generally believe that the probability of organic molecules , precursors of life , being formed is higher on planets or moons which have an atmosphere with electrical storms .
Juan Antonio Morente , from the Department of Applied Physics at the University of Granada , told Servicio de Informacion y Noticias Cientificas ( SINC ) that Titan has been considered a “ unique world in the solar system ” since 1908 when , the Spanish astronomer , José Comas y Solá , discovered that it had an atmosphere , something non-existent on other moons .
This false color image of Titan shows its atmosphere .
Credit : NASA / JPL / Space Science Institute/ESA
“ On this moon clouds with convective movements are formed and , therefore , static electrical fields and stormy conditions can be produced ” , he explained .
“ This also considerably increases the possibility of organic and prebiotic molecules being formed , according to the theory of the Russian biochemist Alexander I. Oparín and the experiment of Stanley L. Miller ” , which managed to synthesise organic compounds from inorganic compounds through electrical discharges .
“ That is why Titan has been one of the main objectives of the Cassini - Huygens joint mission of NASA and the European Space Agency ” , added the researcher .
Morente indicated that in order to detect natural electrical activity on planets such as Earth or moons such as Titan the so - called “ Schumann resonances ” , a set of spectrum peaks in the extremely low frequency ( ELF ) portion of the radio spectrum , are measured .
These peaks are produced due to the existence between the ionosphere and the surface of a huge resonant cavity in which electromagnetic fields are confined .
They present two basic components : a radial electrical field and a tangential magnetic field , accompanied by a weak tangential electrical field ( one hundred times smaller than the radial component ) .
The electrical field was measured by the mutual impedance probe ( MIP ) , one of the instruments transported by the Huygens probe .
The MIP consisted of four electrodes , two transmitters and two receptors , with a transmitter - receptor pair on each one of the probe ’s folding arms .
The MIP was primarily used for measuring the atmosphere ’s electrical conductivity , but between each measurement of this physical magnitude it also acted as a dipolar antenna , measuring the natural electrical field in the atmosphere .
“ In a stable fall , without balancing , the MIP would have measured the electrical field ’s weak tangential component ” , said Morente , “ but fortunately a strong wind balanced the probe and the electrodes measured a superposition of that tangential and radial component ” .
Despite this , the electrical field spectrums received directly from Huygens did not follow the patterns the scientists expected , as they were relatively flat and no Schumann resonances were observed .
However , the team of Spanish researchers did manage to devise a procedure for revealing the hidden Schumann resonances , based on the separation of time signals known as “ early ” and “ late - time ” , which made it possible to obtain “ irrefutable proof ” that natural electrical activity does exist in Titan 's atmosphere .
In the work , subsidised by the former Ministry of Education and Science , Government of Andalusia and the European Union , it was also explained that the atmosphere of this one of Saturn ’s moon is an electromagnetic medium with high losses , and that its resonant cavity is less ideal than the Earth’s .
Article : Morente , J. A. , Portí , J.A. , Salinas , A. , Navarro , E.A. , 2008 .
“ Evidence of electrical activity on Titan drawn from the Schumann resonances sent by Huygens probe ” , Icarus 195 , 802-811 , 2008
Molecular Cell Biology in 24 Hours Rich media course with the complete topical coverage for molecular biology and cell biology .
Developed & narrated by a team of PhD biologists , educators and e-learning experts .
Designed for rapid learning hour by hour with 24 chapters to cover the entire course Concept Maps for related concepts and sub-concepts Easy core concept introduction with illustration and animations
Flash game practice drills to refresh what you learn in the tutorials interactively Super condense cheat sheets ( x24 ) for review of each chapter before the exams
Video Tour | Table of Contents Course Preview Core Tutorial | Problem Drill | Cheatsheet | AudioBook | Printable Immunology in 24 Hours Complete topical coverage for the immunology course and for any textbook Developed by a team of PhD scientists , educators and e-learning experts Designed for rapid learning hour by hour with 24 chapters to cover the entire course Concept Maps for related concepts and sub-concepts Easy core concept introduction with illustration and animations .
Flash game practice drills to refresh what you learn in the tutorials interactively Super condense cheat sheets ( x24 ) for review of each chapter before the exams Printable eBooks & AudioBook
Video Tour | Table of Contents Course Preview Core Tutorial | Problem Drill | Cheatsheet | AudioBook | Printable
Evolution in 24 Hours Evolution is the 1st course of this combo series of evolutiona and ecology Developed & narrated by a team of PhD biologists , educators and e-learning experts Designed for rapid learning hour by hour with 12 chapters to cover the entire evolution course content Concept Maps for related concepts and sub-concepts Easy core concept introduction with illustration and animations
Flash game practice drills to refresh what you learn in the tutorials interactively Super condense cheat sheets for review of each chapter before the exams
Video Tour | Table of Contents Course Preview Core Tutorial | Problem Drill | Cheatsheet | AudioBook | Printable Ecology in 24 Hours Ecology is the 2nd course of this combo series of evolution and ecology Developed by a team of PhD scientists , educators and e-learning experts Designed for rapid learning hour by hour with 12 chapters to cover the entire course Concept Maps for related concepts and sub-concepts Easy core concept introduction with illustration and animations
Flash game practice drills to refresh what you learn in the tutorials interactively Super condense cheat sheets for review of each chapter before the exams
Video Tour | Table of Contents Course Preview Core Tutorial | Problem Drill | Cheatsheet | AudioBook | Printable
Human Physiology in 24 Hours
In - depth coverage of human physiology in 24 chapters , for allied health professionals , nursing & pre-med , and board review Developed & narrated by a team of PhD / MD's , professors and e-learning experts Fits traditional homeostasis - based curricula and any mainstream texts Comprehensive introduction to homeostatasis , integration and control at cellular and organ levels Graphical anatomy introduction on each system and its functions presented step by step with animation Visually illustrated and highly organized for deep understanding and long - time memory Designed for rapid learning hour by hour in 24 hours , the rich - media way Concept map , visual definition , Q&A and summary on each tutorial Feedback - based practice drills with interaction and complete solutions Super condense cheat sheets for chapter review of exam prep .
Online and DVD ; Certification available ; Adoptable for institutions
Video Tour | Table of Contents Course Preview Core Tutorial | Problem Drill | Cheatsheet | AudioBook | Printable Human Anatomy in 24 Hours Comprehensive visual mastery of human anatomy in 24 chapters organized to fit the traditional system - based curricula Developed by a team of PhD / MD's , professors and e-learning experts Extensive anatomical illustrations and stepwise visual elements with pictorial animation and expert narration Concept maps , definitions , Q&A , clinical notes and summary Detailed coverage on all 11 organ systems with basic physiology , clinical anatomy , development and aging of each system Challenge questions contextually and interactive drills on concepts and clinical cases with feedback and solutions Super condensed cheat sheets for review of each chapter before the exams 24 x printable eBooks and 24x MP3 AudioBooks for learning - on - the - go with MP3 players , iPAD / iPhone / iPod Designed for nursing , medical and allied health students , board review and any professionals required anatomical knowledge Web access and CD / DVD ; Certification available ; Ready for institutional adoption
Video Tour | Table of Contents Course Preview Core Tutorial | Problem Drill | Cheatsheet | AudioBook | Printable
Pharmacology in 24
Hours 24 - chapters with rich - media tutorials one hour at a time , to cover the basic principles and applications of pharmacology with review of molecular , celluar and organ physiology Developed & narrated by a team of PhD biologists , educators and e-learning experts Designed for rapid learning by students with basic chemistry and biology knowledge Interactive problem drills with instant feedback and scoring Super review cheat sheets for each chapter as portable learning tools 24 Printable eBooks on each tutorial for offline reading 24 MP3 AudioBooks for learning on - the - go with iPod / iPhone / iPad or SmartPhone
Video Tour | Table of Contents Course Preview Core Tutorial | Problem Drill | Cheatsheet | AudioBook | Printable Toxicology in 24 Hours
The comprehensive rich - media series to cover the basic principles and applications of toxicology , along with cellular , molecular and organ - directed toxicology Developed by a team of PhD faculty , educators and e-learning experts Designed for rapid learning hour by hour with 12 chapters to cover the entire course Feedback - based problem drills for practice Ready - to - print chapter review cheat sheets Printable tutorials for easy and quick reading MP3 audio lectures for mobile learning CD / DVD and online access
Video Tour | Table of Contents Course Preview Core Tutorial | Problem Drill | Cheatsheet | AudioBook | Printable
A nationwide search for a missing 13 - year - old Czech boy exposed a bizarre case of identity theft in which a 33 - year - old woman spent four months posing as a schoolboy in Norway , police said .
Barbora Skrlova had been hiding from Czech authorities to avoid giving testimony in a 2007 child abuse case , Czech police said .
She was deported back to the Czech Republic and detained after months of fooling teachers , childcare workers and police in Norway by passing herself off as a boy named " Adam " , Czech police spokeswoman Andrea Prochazkova said .
To make a living structure like this home , tree roots ar firstgrafted into shape with prefabricated Computer Numeric Controlled ( CNC ) reusable scaffolds .
That would enable dwellings to be fully integrated into an ecological community , the researchers say .
Tolkien 's hobbits would feel right at home in new dwellings made out of living tree roots and designed to protect inhabitants from earthquakes .
The homegrown architecture is just one of many eco-structures a new company hopes to roll out worldwide .
The concept of coaxing living trees into useful objects , sometimes called tree shaping , arborsculpture , living art or eco-architecture , is n’t new .
But now engineers and plant scientists from Tel Aviv University have taken their leafy designs to the next , and more practical and playful , level .
Pilot projects under way in the United States , Australia and Israel include streetlamps , gates and playground structures made entirely from trees , as well as hospital park benches that grow their own foliage for shade .
" Instead of using plant branches , this patented approach takes malleable roots and shapes them into useful objects for indoors and out , " said Amram Eshel of Tel Aviv University in Israel .
A home built from trees , the researchers said , would be a natural storm protector .
" After earthquakes and after tsunamis the only structures that still survive are trees , " said Yaniv Naftaly , director of operations at Plantware , a company founded in 2002 .
Naftaly told LiveScience the same sturdiness should apply to tree - made homes .
Eshel and TAU colleague Yoav Waisel are working with Plantware to commercialize the leafy designs .
The team found that certain tree species grown aeroponically ( in air instead of soil and water ) have roots that do n't harden .
Once the malleable , so - called soft roots grow long enough in the lab , they are molded around metal frames in the shape of a playground or park bench .
Then the root tips get tucked into the ground , a process that triggers so - called lignification in which the roots start to harden and grow thicker and thicker .
The leafy buds supported by the roots begin to grow taller and bushier .
In the near future , they say , entire homes will be constructed with the eco-friendly technology .
An engineer by trade , Plantware 's CEO Gordon Glazer hopes the first home prototype will be ready in about a decade .
The first playground could take root as early as next year .
Click to view
Reader Dead
Hex found this - apparently it was posted in mid-April and we missed it ?
But it 's a concept video that dares asks the question , what if Nintendo developed Halo 3 ?
Advertisement
Oh , most of the punchlines are predictable stereotypes ( you see , Nintendo develops games like this and Microsoft develops games like this ) but , c'mon , some of it 's pretty clever .
Especially the final level .
And the aerial combat .
As soon as they take off , I was waiting for Starfox and ... yep , it does n't disappoint .
Gal , Guy and Villain [ Major League Gaming , via Typing Loudly , thanks Dead Hex . ]
WASHINGTON 
The number of chronically homeless people living in the nation ’s streets and shelters has dropped by about 30 percent  from 175,914 to 123,833  from 2005 to 2007 , Bush administration officials said on Tuesday .
Housing officials say the statistics , which are collected annually from more than 3,800 cities and counties , may reflect better data collection and some variation in the number of communities reporting .
But officials also attribute much of the decline to a policy shift promoted by Congress and the administration that has focused federal and local resources on finding stable housing for homeless people suffering from drug addiction , mental illness or physical disabilities , long deemed the hardest to help in the homeless population .
Under the strategy , known as “ housing first , ” local officials have over the last eight years increasingly placed the chronically homeless into permanent shelter  apartments , halfway houses or rooms  and provided them with services for drug addiction , mental illness and health problems .
Until cities and states began adopting the plan , many homeless people seemed to shuttle endlessly between emergency shelters , hospitals and the street .
Officials and housing experts say the “ housing first ” program has begun to stabilize the chronically homeless population , which the administration defines as disabled individuals who have been continuously homeless for more than a year or have experienced at least four episodes of homelessness in the past three years .
Severe vitamin D deficiency leads to osteomalacia
Low levels of the sunshine vitamin , vitamin D , may contribute to chronic pain among women , scientists believe .
The link does not apply to men , suggesting hormones may be involved , according to a study published in the Annals of Rheumatic Diseases said .
The team from the Institute of Child Health in London said studies were now needed to see if vitamin D supplements can guard against chronic pain .
About one in 10 people are affected by chronic pain at any one time in the UK .
The causes are not well understood and much of the focus to date has been on emotional factors .
Dr Elina Hyppönen and colleagues believe , at least in women , vitamin D levels could play a role in some cases of chronic pain .
Sunshine vitamin
The nutrient , essential for healthy bones , is produced in the body when exposed to sunlight and is also found in oily fish , egg yolks and margarine .
Among the 7,000 men and women aged 45 from across England , Scotland and Wales that they studied , those who were smokers , non-drinkers , the overweight and the underweight all reported higher rates of chronic pain .
Among the women , vitamin D levels also appeared to be important .
This finding was not explained by gender differences in lifestyle or social factors , such as levels of physical activity and time spent outdoors , say the authors .
Women with vitamin D levels between 75 and 99 mmol / litre - a level deemed necessary for bone health - had the lowest rates of this type of pain , at just over 8 % .
Women with levels of less than 25 mmol / litre had the highest rates , at 14.4 % .
Severe lack of vitamin D in adults can lead to the painful bone disease osteomalacia .
But the researchers said osteomalacia did not account for their findings .
Dr Hyppönen said work was needed to evaluate whether vitamin D supplements could help prevent chronic pain .
In the meantime , she advised : " If I had chronic pain I would certainly check I was getting enough vitamin D. " Kate MacIver of the Pain Research Institute at Liverpool University cautioned : " Taking too high a dose of Vitamin D supplements as a means of preventing or treating chronic pain could result in Vitamin D toxicity and high blood calcium levels . "
Most people should be able to get all the vitamin D they need from their diet and by getting a little sun .
However , if you are pregnant or breastfeeding you should take 10 micrograms ( 0.01 mg ) of vitamin D each day , the Food Standards Agency recommends .
Older people should also consider taking 10 micrograms ( 0.01 mg ) of vitamin D each day .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
......................................................................................................................................................
" What 's in the box ? "
" Pain . "
He felt increased tingling in his hand , pressed his lips tightly together .
How could this be a test ?
he wondered .
The tingling became an itch ...
The itch became the faintest burning ...
It mounted slowly : heat upon heat upon heat ... .
The burning !
The burning !
He thought he could feel skin curling black on that agonized hand , the flesh crisping and dropping away until only charred bones remained .
This excerpt from Dune exactly describes the feeling of getting a tattoo burned into skin using a laser cutter ; however , this is just the feeling .
When sight , smell , and sound are added , the process turns out to be quite an experience .
The sound by itself ( meaning no body parts in the cutter ) , is probably the easiest thing to deal with .
It is just the normal whine of gears , belts and cooling fans .
When that sound is mixed in with the sensation of burning flesh , it turns the laser cutter from a simple machine shop tool to a futuristic torture device .
The sight is not too bad , just a light tracing its way back and fourth across the body .
As long as you do n't think about the fact that the small wisp of smoke trailing the light , is actually vaporized skin , everything will be fine .
The smell is bad .
It does not travel far , but when you catch a whiff of the burnt flesh stench , it is quite nauseating .
The thought that you have just inhaled some of those vaporized skin flakes , and they have settled on the bottom of your lungs , is the worst .
I am leaving a disclaimer out of this , because any person with access to a laser cutter who is dumb enough to try this , deserves what they get .
A mystical group began studying Nonuse , or as we say in the western world , the art of stealth circa 522 A.D.
This art was practiced by Japanese priests who studied mythical practices and were subserviant to the ruling class .
Then nearly 150 years later , in 645 A.D. the priests perfected their fighting skills and practiced Nonuse to perfection .
Using the skills for protection only , they incorporated : stealth , sword play , bow & arrows , projectile weapons , poison and generally speaking kick ass fighting skills .
Later , around 794 A.D. the wealthy regularly feuded and required intelligence and assassination of their detractors .
The Ninja was born .
His skill and exactness desired .
Ninjas flourished and legendary figures were born .
Ninjas brought justice to an otherwise unjust world .
Today , over a millenium later , there is still a need for Nonuse .
Life and death is by no means a daily struggle , but as someone famously put it - Life is entertainment and entertainment is life .
Showing NCAA
Women 's Basketball on the big screen is a direct attack on your entertainment , and your life .
Using Nonuse , by hiding in the ceiling of the bar the night before is just not an option , you 'd miss too much TV .
Using a Ninja dart to tap the channel button while hiding behind the Golden Tee machine wo n't cut it either , you have chicken wings cooling at your table .
You must fight back , you must use ... the Ninja Remote .
Use your stealth to control television ( and cameras with the Ninja Remote 2 ) at : bars , restaurants , the gym , stores , doctor offices , hospitals , or hotels anywhere .
Super easy to use , point and click !
Use the Ninja Remote to prank friends !
A cool gadget , makes a great gift !
What do you get when you cross - breed a motorcycle with a robotic exoskeleton ?
A wearable concept vehicle that will make rides on common racing bikes look like a boring afternoon stroll through your neighborhood .
Invented by Jake Loniak ,
The Yamaha - branded Deus Ex Machina concept motorcycle is powered by ultra-capacitors and nano - phoshpate batteries ( Just like the ones used in today ’s electric cars . )
The vehicle is controlled via 36 pneumatic muscles that are attached to a spine composed of seven artificial vertebrae .
The conceptor beleives that if built , the Deus Ex Machina could reach a top speed of 75 mph , with a recharge time of 15 minutes for one hour of use .
Video and additional pictures after the jump .
[ Via TechEblog ]
Before we answer the question posed in the headline , we probably need to respond to the inquiry on the minds of most readers :
Who the heck is Diana Bianchi ?
Bianchi is the ( very , very ) young woman at the center of the nasty Christie Brinkley / Peter Cook divorce .
The former model 's lawyer has requested that the aspiring singer - who Cook admitted to having an affair with - take the stand during their upcoming divorce trial , set to begin July 2 in Long Island .
Diana Bianchi wanted to make it as a singer .
Instead , she 's making it as Peter Cook 's mistress .
In response to a possible court appearance by Bianchi , Peter Cook 's attorney , Norman Sheresky , told People Magazine :
" Since Peter admitted [ to an ] affair two years ago , dragging in Bianchi is just one more example of Ms. Brinkley 's thirst for revenge .
Peter has moved on with his life .
She should do the same . "
We disagree .
For the sake of celebrity gossip followers everywhere , we think this battle should continue in public for many months to come .
A federal jury in Riverside on Wednesday began deliberating the fate of a former Marine sergeant accused in the killing of four Iraqi prisoners , a case that both sides argued in closing arguments could affect the United States ’ mission in Iraq .
Defense attorney Kevin McDermott told jurors that a guilty verdict could endanger U.S. soldiers and Marines by making them second - guess themselves rather than risk being prosecuted by civilians .
U.S. Atty .
Jerry Behnke said a failure to convict former Sgt. Jose Luis Nazario could undercut U.S. efforts in Iraq by signaling that the U.S. condones executing unarmed , nonresistant prisoners .
Nazario did not testify during the trial .
But jurors heard his voice Wednesday on a recording in which he appeared to admit that he had ordered the killing of four prisoners during the first hours of the battle in Fallouja on Nov. 9 , 2004 .
Advertisement
Nazario ’s case gained national attention because it is the first time that a former member of the service has been charged in federal court for an alleged combat crime .
Nazario has pleaded not guilty to charges of manslaughter , assault and use of a firearm .
Only one member of the jury of three men and nine women has served in the military .
Nazario ’s supporters have insisted that civilians cannot comprehend combat .
To overcome that objection , prosecutors called half a dozen Marines to explain Marine culture and training .
As their final piece of evidence , prosecutors played the recording of a phone call between Nazario and Sgt. Jermaine Nelson , one of two Marines in Nazario ’s squad facing charges at Camp Pendleton .
Advertisement
During the call , recorded at the request of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service , Nelson sought to get Nazario to incriminate himself .
On the tape , Nelson , using a derogatory word for the Iraqis , asked Nazario who gave the order to kill the prisoners .
Nazario replied , “ I did . ”
He then told Nelson they had no time to process the Iraqis as prisoners because “ we were moving . ”
“ What we did was n’t illegal .
. . , ” Nazario said .
“ You ca n’t play Monday - morning quarterback . ”
Advertisement
The conversation took place Jan. 8 , 2007 , as military and civilian investigators were probing the deaths .
By then , Nazario had left the Marines and was a probationary Riverside police officer .
After playing the tape , prosecutors rested their case .
Defense attorneys rested without calling a single witness .
On Tuesday , a former Marine testified that he had overheard Nazario urging another Marine to help kill the Iraqi prisoners and later heard a gunshot and came upon Nazario holding his M - 16 over a dead prisoner .
In instructions to the jury , U.S. District Judge Stephen Larson emphasized bans on killing prisoners , saying , “ Warfare is regulated by law . ”
Advertisement
In closing , Behnke told jurors to put aside their views about the war and combat .
“ This case is not about Iraq and whether you support or oppose the war , ” he said .
Behnke also told jurors it was n’t their role to determine whether it was right for civilians to judge combat incidents .
McDermott , arguing that a guilty verdict would hurt Marines , said , “ Do not make the job harder for young men . ”
Nelson and Sgt. Ryan Weemer , who refused to testify in Nazario ’s trial , face murder charges in military court .
Advertisement
In separate interviews before they retained counsel , they said that , upon orders from Nazario , they each killed a prisoner and that Nazario killed two .
--
tony.perry@latimes.com
Speed Cameras Record Every Car
In this article about British speed cameras , and a trick to avoid them that does not work , is this sentence :
As vehicles pass between the entry and exit camera points their number plates are digitally recorded , whether speeding or not .
Without knowing more , I can guarantee that those records are kept forever .
EDITED TO ADD ( 7/25 ) : As pointed out by Pete Darby in comments : Passenger moons speeding camera and gets his picture published even though the car was not speeding .
Police may take action against the man for public order offences and not wearing a seat belt .
Officers have the registration of the car , which was not breaking the speed limit , and intend to contact its owner .
It is understood the driver will not face prosecution as no driving offence was being committed .
How did they even know to look at the picture in the first place ?
Posted on July 23 , 2008 at 5:32 AM • 76 Comments
From simple colds and viruses to life - threatening diseases , any kind of health problem can put a huge strain on your pocketbook .
By adopting certain habits you cannot only save money on fewer doctor ’s visits and medications , you can preserve your cash in other ways .
Below are eight frugal living tips that will actually lengthen your lifespan .
1. Quit Smoking
Although quitting may be easier said than done , it is a no - brainer that doing so will cut costs and help save your life .
The CDC actually offers a helpful guide to quitting smoking , which could be a great resource when you decide to put down the tobacco once and for all .
2. Stop Tanning
There is a growing fad for people of all ages and cultures to look bronzed .
If you are seeking the warmth of a tanning bed in order to look a certain way , then it is time you stopped .
Quitting now will decrease your chances of developing malignant melanoma .
3. Cancel Your Paid Television
It is obvious how this will save money , but you may not see the direct connection to your health .
Simply put , it will get you off that couch and encourage you to pursue more active , healthy activities .
Read
4. Drink Only Water
Water is essential for good health and you should definitely be drinking a minimum of eight glasses per day , maybe even more .
By ditching all other beverages for simple tap water , you will also save a considerable amount of money .
5. Wear Sensible Shoes
This is a hard message to get across to many women , as they seem to think they are better off in stylish , expensive shoes .
Not so , as many high - end shoes are terrible for your back and posture .
This can , in turn , lead to other problems .
Opt for sensibly priced , comfortable shoes – both your wallet and your back will thank you for it .
6. Avoid the Drive - Thru
Eating out while on the go can nickel and dime your pocketbook until there is nothing left .
Not only that , but the food is often terribly unhealthy .
7. Eat Slowly
When you eat too quickly , you will often overeat as a result .
This will likely cause you to spend more money on larger portions and it will also contribute to digestive issues .
Take it easy when you start a meal and finish at your leisure .
8. Relax at Home
Rather than going out on the town when you have some free time , save your money and have a relaxing night in .
Believe it or not , your stress level will be reduced when you can relax in a calm atmosphere .
This , in turn , improves your overall health .
By following the above advice , you will save a ton of money .
Luckily , you will have many more years to enjoy that saved money , as you will also be much healthier .
Many people sacrifice health for money or vice versa , but it is possible to have it all by improving your everyday habits .
* Helen Anderson is a regular writer at Bankaholic .
She also take up freelance writing work from other blogs .
Her area of specializations are money , personal finance and economics .*
The efficient market hypothesis ( EMH ) is an idea in the finance world that the market price for a commodity accurately reflects all information available at the moment .
There ’s little point in us trying to pick particular winning stocks , unless we have some very secret information .
The best investment strategy involves diversifying risk so that results match the aggregate market changes .
It ’s a very appealing idea because it means the laziest strategy is also the best .
Anyhow , I suspect that something sort of like EMH dominates the search engine world , but instead of prices for commodities at points in time , the market is search engine rankings and keywords .
In my inchoate model , each keyword is its own market .
The “ price ” of a given website would be how well it ranks in a search for that keyword .
I brought up EMH because if we view a website ’s search engine ranking as a market price , and we make the assumption that search engines on average operate as efficiently as any other market , then ultimately , your site ’s search engine ranking can’t really be pushed up through artificial means , for the same reason that you ca n’t push up stock prices artificially .
I should make it clear that I mean that you ca n’t do it sustainably .
Hopping back into the financial world , an unfortunately common tactic is to run a pump - and - dump scam .
The principle is simple — I own a whole bunch of shares of a company , and so I go out and promote the heck out of that company while at the same time I ’m selling all my shares to all the suckers that I manage to convince .
Meriill Lynch paid a $ 100 million fine a few years ago for doing this .
I get unsolicited email all the time with investment recommendations .
These are sent from people running the same operation on a smaller scale .
Of course even if these efforts do let the dumper get out and make some money , once the market learns about what is really going on , the stock price craters .
See what happened to Enron for one of the most famous examples of how the market reacts to information assymetry .
Getting to the point , these tactics may push up the price just long enough for the dumper to dump , but no serious stockholder would ever consider using a pump - and - dump scam as a long - run strategy to improve the price per share .
I think this is what search - engine marketers mean when they talk about how black - hat tactics do n’t work in the long run and will likely backfire .
The more I read and learn about search engine optimization and website marketing , the industry experts all seem to be really saying that you have to have good content on your site , and you have to have recommendations from the larger community .
Everything I read really seems to say that the best SEO strategy is to build a really good website , rather than to build a shoddy product and market it aggressively .
In short , the invisible hand can not be denied .
Car manufacturers should change the way they advertise the fuel efficiency of their vehicles , to make the environmental impact of buying a new car easier to understand , researchers said yesterday .
Turning a car 's fuel efficiency on its head by stating it in " gallons per mile " , instead of " miles per gallon " helps potential customers choose the greenest option when they upgrade , said the team at Duke University in North Carolina .
In The MPG Illusion , published in the US journal Science yesterday , Richard Larrick and Jack Soll at the university 's Fuqua School of Business describe how the use of miles per gallon is misleading and causes people to grossly misjudge the environmental impact of upgrading to a new car .
The two management professors stumbled across the problem while working out the true fuel efficiency of different cars in a car - sharing scheme .
They found people often believed - mistakenly - that a 10 mpg improvement in fuel efficiency always corresponded to the same fuel saving .
" The reality that few people appreciate is that improving fuel efficiency from 10 to 20 mpg is actually a more significant saving than improving from 25 mpg to 50 mpg for the same distance of driving , " said Larrick .
Likewise , replacing a car that does 10 mpg with one that appears only slightly more efficient at 11 mpg saves as much fuel as upgrading from a 33 mpg car to a 50 mpg car .
To work out new fuel efficiencies , Larrick calculated how many gallons of petrol a car would burn over 10,000 miles .
A 10 mpg car would burn 1,000 gallons , while a 20 mpg car would burn only 500 over the distance .
In comparison , a 25 mpg car would use up 400 gallons , while a 50 mpg car would use 200 .
Despite most people 's first impressions , the fuel saving is 2.5 times greater in the first instance .
The finding suggests that people who use two different cars equally will always save more on fuel by improving the least efficient car .
In a series of experiments , Larrick and Soll asked volunteers to study a series of cars whose fuel efficiencies were given in miles per gallon .
When they were asked which upgrade would save the most fuel , they invariably made the wrong decision .
In one test , most people believed that upgrading a car from 34 mpg to 50 mpg would save more petrol than replacing an 18 mpg car with a 28 mpg vehicle .
In fact , the latter saves twice as much fuel .
" Miles per gallon is misleading and can play tricks on our intuitions , " said Soll .
" It made us realise that low - efficiency cars really use a tonne of gas and drive overall consumption and that 's why even small changes in low mpg cars makes a big difference , " said Larrick .
" Changing the way we express efficiency would help the car companies make clear to buyers where there are gains to be made . "
When the tests were repeated using gallons per 100 miles , the volunteers correctly picked the greenest option from those available .
" There are significant savings to be had by improving efficiency by even 2 or 3mpg on inefficient cars , but because we communicate in miles per gallon , that saving is not immediately evident to consumers , " said Soll .
The authors call on car manufacturers and consumer publications to list efficiencies in terms of gallons per 10,000 miles driven , making it easier to see how much petrol a car might use in a typical year of driving , and how much fuel and money could be saved by opting for a more efficient car .
According to the US department of energy , a Prius can cover 48 city miles per gallon , while a Mercedes Benz G55 SUV , will cover only 11 miles on the same amount .
David Bonilla , an energy expert at Oxford University 's transport studies unit , said the move was along the lines of other countries , which already state fuel efficiencies in litres per kilometre , and EU plans to describe vehicle efficiencies in terms of the amount of carbon dioxide released per kilometre .
" Fuel efficiency is n't a top priority for most people when they are buying a new car , but that 's beginning to change because of high oil prices and environmental awareness , " he said .
" Sales of cars with low fuel efficiencies have already dropped in the US and there 's evidence over the past year that people are shifting to more fuel efficient vehicles .
We can expect that to happen here too . "
The gender of donor and recipient plays a larger role in kidney transplants than previously assumed .
Female donor kidneys do not function as well in men  due to their smaller size .
Women have a higher risk of rejecting a male donor kidney .
Therefore , in the future , gender should be considered more in the allocation of donor kidneys , say researchers from Basel and Heidelberg .
These results are based on an analysis of the " Collaborative Transplant Study " , the world 's largest database with long - term results of organ transplants under the leadership of Professor Dr. Gerhard Opelz , Medical Director of the Department of Transplantation Immunology at the Institute of Immunology of Heidelberg University Hospital .
Researchers Professor Dr. Alois Gratwohl , Basel University Hospital , and Professor Opelz published their analysis in the medical journal The Lancet ( Vol. 372 , p. 49 ) .
Data from almost 200,000 kidney recipients analyzed
The researchers analyzed data from almost 200,000 organ recipients who received a kidney transplant between 1985 and 2004 .
Overall , transplanting a female kidney was less successful than a male kidney .
This is attributed to the fact that due to their smaller size , female kidneys have fewer nephrons  the active components of the kidneys that filter urine .
Immunological rejection problems occurred most frequently when women received a male kidney  for them , the risk that the organ would be rejected was eleven percent higher in the first year after the operation than for other donor - recipient combinations .
And even two to ten years after the operation , the risk of rejection was still 10 percent higher than for other groups .
Y chromosome likely responsible for rejection
" The higher rate of rejection is most likely caused by the gender - specific Y chromosome in men , " explains Professor Opelz .
In the future , gender should be one of the factors considered when making a decision on assigning an organ to a patient .
However , the higher risk of rejection in women is partially compensated by the effect of more nephrons in a male kidney , so that on average , female recipients of male kidneys do not have significantly poorer overall results .
Should kidneys be allocated based on gender in the future ?
The allocation of organs for German patients is organized  in coordination with five other European states  by the computer of the organ distribution center Eurotransplant .
Donor kidneys are assigned according to criteria ( waiting time , compatibility , etc. ) set by the commission for organ transplants of the German Medical Association .
The computer program was also developed by the immunologists from Heidelberg .
Immune functions associated with the Y chromosome and which can lead to rejection of the organ need to be studied more closely in the future , emphasizes Connie L. Davis , kidney expert at the University of Washington in Seattle ( USA ) in an editorial in The Lancet .
However , a recommendation to transplant only same - sex organs is not yet appropriate , because long - term success is good even if the donor and recipient are of the opposite sex , says Davis .
Source : University Hospital Heidelberg
The case portrayed him as exercising an almost psychopathic control over his " turf " , on one occasion storming into a hospital with his armed posse to threaten a businessman who was a patient by firing twice in the air .
The largest LED screen in the world was installed in Xicui entertainment complex in Beijing , close to where the 2008 Olympics are to take place .
This display is comprised of “ 2,292 color ( RGB ) LEDâ€™s light points comparable to a 24,000 sq. ft. ( 2.200 m2 ) monitor screen for dynamic content display ” .
Created by the GreenPix project , this display uses the sun ’s energy only .
It collects power during the day to be used during the nightly showing , which are of different artists ’ performances and videos .
It is set to turn on this month , as the Olympics are getting close .
A short video demonstration may be seen below , and their site has additional images and videos .
Via : DVICE
Ukindia Sanskrit Lesson 1
Many ancient Indian texts on Science and Mathematics were written in Sanskrit .
In these lessons we will look at some common phrases .
Please write to ukindia@innotts.co.uk if you spot any mistakes or any comments you have about these lessons .
To revise the Sanskrit / Hindi script click here .
and here are some phrases using these words .
The above phrases read :
Bal patthti .
Bala patthti .
S Chalti .
Sa khelti .
Ram Sham ch vadte .
To vadte .
Meera Meena ch namte .
Te namte .
Amba pachti .
Shakha pat 'ti .
Gaj
Aj kutr chalte ?
To atr chalt .
Ashv ,
Sinh ch n chalt to davt .
To atr aev khadt .
Ram Sham
Tom ch hasnti .
Here is the script .
Make sure you know it by heart .
If you take this gif picture and convert it to a bitmap , you can then edit and cut and paste to make your own words in Hindi / Sanskrit .
Please read the very helpful comments by Paul Newman below
Here ’s the bad news : this recession – yes , we are in a recession – is going to last a long time and will likely lead to a great deal of pain in the short - term .
But , there is some good news : the long term changes and gains brought about by this recession are going to be phenomenal .
First things first – let ’s talk about how we got here and why is it going to be so bad .
The answer , in one word , is debt .
Much of the economic expansion of the last twenty years has been driven by debt – namely , people living beyond their means , spending money they do n’t have to buy things they do n’t need .
Americans have gradually moved away from their financial roots — which are based in saving money — and in 2005 and 2006 , Americans actually spent more money than what they earned .
Take a look at the following chart , which is courtesy of the United States Department of Commerce , and shows the dramatic decrease in the rate at which Americans have been saving their money :
This recession is going to change all of that , which is both good and bad news .
Nearly three - quarters of the American Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) is comprised of consumer spending .
Therefore , any drawback in spending will cause a sizable dent in our economic growth .
For example , for every 1.33 percent pull back in consumer spending , there should be a 1 percent decrease in GDP .
( Keep in mind GDP could still go up or down based on other non-consumption factors such as manufacturing . )
So , if consumers cut spending by 7 % to return to the average savings level between 1960 and 1980 , we can expect a roughly 5.25 % decrease in the GDP over the coming quarters .
That ’s a pretty significant fall especially considering this past quarter the GDP grew at 1.9 % on an annualized basis yet the unemployment rate jumped to 5.7 % , the highest level in nearly four years .
Here ’s another telling chart , which shows just how much credit spending – which excludes home equity loans – has jumped in the past 20 years :
So , what does it all mean ?
As credit dries up , people will actually have to pay money that they currently have in order to make purchases .
Want to buy a brand new plasma screen TV and redo the kitchen ?
Hopefully you ’ve got some money in your checking or savings account , because the credit avenues previously available to you via easy to get credit cards or home equity loans are either going to be non-existent or far too costly to use .
Naturally , this means we would see a reversal in the two above charts , as the savings rate increases while consumer credit decreases .
In the short term , this return to responsibility is probably a bad thing for our economy .
As debt becomes harder to get , people will cut back on their consumption .
Both of these things will place significant pressures on corporate revenues and profits .
In turn , this will lead to much higher unemployment .
As jobs become less secure and harder to find , people will cut back on their consumption even more , placing even more pressure on corporate revenues and profits .
As you can see , this is economic downward spiral would be hard to get out of and would likely cause financial hardship for many families .
But , at some point it will end , and we will be smarter and better off for having learned our lessons .
In the long term , this return to fiscal and financial responsibility is a good thing .
People will go back to living within their means .
They ’ll save for retirement , and have enough money to put a sizable down payment on a home , not need to finance their next car purchase , etc .
These changes will help to stabilize the economy and strengthen the dollar .
The government will be less likely to have to step in and bail out major financial institutions and put even more debts on their balance sheet and burdens on their tax payers .
So , while it may feel gloom and doom now and for the next year or two ( or maybe longer ) know that better days are ahead .
Since going supernova , The White Stripes has helped return Detroit to its rightful status as Rock City , an honor earned upon the birth of the Stooges and MC5 , as well as a famous 1976 song from KISS .
But with Jack
White ’s recent move to another fabled music city called Nashville , Detroit ’s citizenry has been left to wither with concern and worry .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
He does n’t like us anymore , they cried , he just does n’t like us .
Well , maybe they did n’t all say that , but they ’ve still been worried about it .
Which is why Jack
White recently penned a love poem for his hometown called " Courageous Dream ’s Concern " and exclusively published it in the Detroit Free Press , hoping to soothe the burn .
" The following poem is the Detroit from my mind , " White explained in its introduction .
" The Detroit that is inmy heart .
The home that encapsulates and envelops those who are trulyblessed with the experience of living within its boundaries . "
The poem itself is a romantic paean that often lapses into rhyming couplets .
In it , White shares everything from personal memories of riding trains , canoeing and drinking root beer to broader analysis of Detroit ’s industry .
But even though the city ’s economy is getting hammered by the housing crisis , White ends on a positive note as he settles in Nashville :
Detroit , you hold what one ’s been seeking ,
Holding off the coward - armies weakling ,
Always rising from the ashes
not returning to the earth .
Long live Rock City .
Photo : Patrick Pantano , WhiteStripes.com
See Also :
SINGAPORE ( Reuters ) -
The worst of the global financial crisis is yet to come and a large U.S. bank will fail in the next few months as the world ’s biggest economy hits further troubles , former IMF chief economist Kenneth Rogoff said on Tuesday .
The corporate logo for Freddie Mac is seen at its headquarters building in McLean , Virginia , July 23 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
“ The U.S. is not out of the woods .
I think the financial crisis is at the halfway point , perhaps .
I would even go further to say ‘ the worst is to come ’ , ” he told a financial conference .
“ We ’re not just going to see mid-sized banks go under in the next few months , we ’re going to see a whopper , we ’re going to see a big one , one of the big investment banks or big banks , ” said Rogoff , who is an economics professor at Harvard University and was the International Monetary Fund ’s chief economist from 2001 to 2004 .
“ We have to see more consolidation in the financial sector before this is over , ” he said , when asked for early signs of an end to the crisis .
“ Probably Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- despite what U.S. Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson said -- these giant mortgage guarantee agencies are not going to exist in their present form in a few years . ”
Rogoff ’s comments come as investors dumped shares of the largest U.S. home funding companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on Monday after a newspaper report said government officials may have no choice but to effectively nationalize the U.S. housing finance titans .
A government move to recapitalize the two companies by injecting funds could wipe out existing common stock holders , the weekend Barron ’s story said .
Preferred shareholders and even holders of the two government - sponsored entities ’ $ 19 billion of subordinated debt would also suffer losses .
Rogoff said multi-billion dollar investments by sovereign wealth funds from Asia and the Middle East in western financial firms may not necessarily result in large profits because they had not taken into account the broader market conditions that the industry faces .
“ There was this view early on in the crisis that sovereign wealth funds could save everybody .
Investment banks did something stupid , they lost money in the sub - prime , they ’re great buys , sovereign wealth funds come in and make a lot of money by buying them .
“ That view neglects the point that the financial system has become very bloated in size and needed to shrink , ” Rogoff told the conference in Singapore , whose wealth funds GIC and Temasek have invested billions in Merrill Lynch and Citigroup
In response to the sharp U.S. housing retrenchment and turmoil in credit markets , the U.S. Federal Reserve has reduced interest rates by a cumulative 3.25 percentage points to 2 percent since mid-September .
Rogoff said the U.S. Federal Reserve was wrong to cut interest rates as “ dramatically ” as it did .
“ Cutting interest rates is going to lead to a lot of inflation in the next few years in the United States . ”
Reddit Blinds
At Nets2go we manufacture custom blinds !
check out the Reddit blinds below and see what you think !
We have recently manufactured a set of 9 blinds with web 2.0 logos for one of our customers , if you would like to see the complete collection , please click on the photo below .
Unfortunately when we manufactured these blinds the reddit blind was not one that we fitted .
But we have had a lot of users from the reddit community look at this article .
Therefore we thought you would appreciate some blinds with your logo on !!
Digg Facebook Firefox Flickr Google Mixx Stumbleupon WordPress Youtube Reddit
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
High - profile personalities have been telling the nation to ditch that dirty fossil fuel and turn to renewable energy .
T. Boone Pickens , the billionaire oilman , has been hitting the airwaves , pitching a plan to use wind to replace all the natural gas that 's used to produce electricity , then using that saved natural gas to fuel cars .
In addition to weaning the nation from foreign oil , Pickens ' plan is not entirely altruistic .
He 's investing hundreds of millions of dollars on a giant wind farm in the Texas panhandle , and his hedge fund , BP Capital , is said to own stakes in several companies that equip cars to run on natural gas .
If his energy efforts pan out , he could get even richer in the process .
Then there 's Al Gore .
The former U.S. vice president and Nobel Prize winner said last week that electricity generation should be completely fossil - fuel free in 10 years .
The question is , are these plans realistic or just dreams ?
" It 's not out of the realm of technical feasibility , " said Chris Namovicz , a renewable energy analyst at the government 's Energy Information Agency .
" But they come with pretty significant price tags . "
The order is indeed tall .
The nation currently relies on coal - the dirtiest of all fossil fuels - for 50 % of its electricity production .
Natural gas makes up about 21 % , and nuclear power comprises about 20 % .
Hydro and oil each contribute a bit as well , while traditional renewables - wind , solar , biomass and geothermal - ring in at only 3 % combined , according to the EIA .
Pickens has a loosely detailed plan to replace the natural - gas - produced electricity with wind energy .
He says it could be done in 10 years .
" That is extremely aggressive , " said Dave Hamilton , director for global warming and energy projects at the Sierra Club .
" But it 's in the right direction .
It 's a good thing we have an oilman saying we can't drill our way out of this problem . "
Unpredictable wind
One of the big challenges with using wind to replace natural gas is that , unlike the steady flame from natural gas , the wind does n't blow all the time .
To make sure enough power is available when the wind is n't blowing , backup generators would be needed , said Paul Fremont , an electric - utility analyst at the investment bank Jefferies & Co .
That could mean maintaining those natural gas plants in case of emergency , or implementing even more novel ideas like systems in Europe that use excess wind electricity to pump water uphill when the wind is blowing , then release it through hydro dams when the wind stops .
Either way , any type of backup system comes with a price .
" It 's very costly , and very inefficient for society as a whole , " said Fremont .
" Policy makers will have to decide if the benefits are worth it . "
The utility industry also has reservations about using wind on a large scale , again pointing to the fact that it does n't blow all the time .
The Sierra Club 's Becker downplayed the problem .
While a challenge now , he said technological advances will allow several wind farms from varying regions of the country to be tied together in the same electricity grid ; when some are idle , others could make up the difference .
" The more we focus on how to get this done , the quicker we 'll solve our problems , " he said .
Government regulations
Another impediment to large - scale wind generation is a lack of turbines and infrastructure , said Hamilton .
Companies like General Electric ( GE , Fortune 500 ) , India 's Suzlon and Spain 's Gamesa , which make wind turbines , are n't building enough of those turbines to meet demand because government tax credits offered to energy producers expire every two years .
These tax credits are a big incentive for people to invest in wind energy - Pickens would net $ 60 million a year , according to Jefferies ' Fremont , and that is likely why he 's currently pitching his plan to lawmakers .
Companies fear that , if the tax credits are n't renewed , they will be stuck with unwanted wind turbines if energy producers scale back their demand for wind power .
Also impeding the development of wind power is the fact that the government is unclear about how or whether it will regulate greenhouse gas emissions .
If regulations were enacted , investments in wind energy would likely increase as utilities seek cleaner sources of power .
Wind farms also could benefit when companies or people buy carbon offsets - essentially payments to producers of clean energy and others who take steps in reducing greenhouse gasses .
Despite these challenges , wind power 's ability to produce 21 % of the nation 's electricity needs is n't out of the question .
While wind currently only makes up 0.8 % of the country 's total electricity production , and would need to grow well over 20 times that to replace gas , it 's worth noting that wind capacity has increased twelvefold since 1990 , according to the EIA .
The second part of Pickens ' plan - using natural gas to power vehicles - is perhaps easier .
While automakers are betting on electric cars as the vehicle of the future , those electric cars will still need backup engines to recharge the battery on long trips , at least for the foreseeable future .
Those backup engines could run on natural gas , said Julius Pretterebner , a vehicles and alternative - fuels expert at Cambridge Energy Research Associates .
Pretterebner also pointed to a host of other reasons why natural gas in cars is a good idea :
It 's about half as expensive as gasoline and 30 % cleaner ; the infrastructure to get it to service stations already exists ; it 's relatively cheap to convert existing cars ( $ 500 to $ 2,000 per car , he said ) ; and natural gas can be carbon neutral , if it 's made from plants , a process he said requires no new technology .
" It 's maybe the best alternative fuel we have , and the quickest way to get off foreign imports , " he said .
As for Gore 's call , there are n't any specific measures to analyze .
But if Pickens ' timetable is aggressive , Gore 's is like Pickens ' gone wild .
" It 's completely impractical to imagine that we could totally wean ourselves off fossil fuels , " said Jim Owen , a spokesman for the Edison Electric Institute , the utility industry 's trade association .
Impractical , maybe .
But using more renewables is certainly worth looking into .
The EIA estimates that by 2015 , wind energy will cost 7 cents per kilowatt - hour to produce , just a half - cent more than coal or natural gas .
The EIA says if strict greenhouse gas restrictions become law , renewables might go from 3 % percent of the nation 's electricity mix to around 25 % .
Coal , meanwhile , would likely go from more than half to less than a quarter .
The EIA said that under the worst - case scenario in bringing about this shift , electricity prices may double .
Given the dangers global warming may pose - U.N. scientists predict severe droughts and floods unless greenhouse gasses are drastically reduced - more - expensive electricity may be a cost Americans are willing to bear .
PZ Myers has gone and gotten himself embroiled in another one of those imbroglios .
For those of you who do n't trouble to read any other blogs , the story began with the report of a student in Florida who smuggled a Communion wafer -- the Body of Christ , to Catholics -- out of Mass .
This led to something of an overreaction on the part of some local believers , who referred to the stunt as a " hate crime , " and the student even received death threats .
( You remember the part of the Sermon on the Mount where Jesus says " Blessed are those who exterminate those who insult Me , " right ? )
PZ was roused to indignation by the incident , and wrote a provocative post in which he volunteered to do grievous harm to Communion wafers , if he could just get his hands on any .
Can anyone out there score me some consecrated communion wafers ?
There 's no way I can personally get them — my local churches have stakes prepared for me , I 'm sure — but if any of you would be willing to do what it takes to get me some , or even one , and mail it to me , I 'll show you sacrilege , gladly , and with much fanfare .
I wo n't be tempted to hold it hostage ... but will instead treat it with profound disrespect and heinous cracker abuse , all photographed and presented here on the web .
I shall do so joyfully and with laughter in my heart .
If you can smuggle some out from under the armed guards and grim nuns hovering over your local communion ceremony , just write to me and I 'll send you my home address .
But the thing that took the whole mess to another level was the intervention of Bill Donohue , whose Catholic League represents the very most lunatic fringe of the Church .
Donohue , who specializes in being outraged , contacted the administration at the University of Minnesota , as well as the state legislature .
Later deciding that this level of dudgeon was n't quite high enough , Donohue soon after upped the ante , prompting a delegate to the Republican National Convention to demand additional security , as the delegates felt physically threatened by PZ and his assembled hordes .
( The Republican convention will be held in the Twin Cities , about 150 miles away from PZ 's university in Morris , Minnesota . )
There is a lot of craziness here .
People are sending death threats and attacking someone 's employment because of hypothetical ( not even actual ) violence to a wafer .
Even for someone who is a literal believer in transubstantiation , threatening violence against someone who mocks your beliefs does n't seem like a very Christian attitude .
Donohue and his friends are acting like buffoons , giving free ammunition to people who think that all religious believers are nutjobs .
But it gets him on TV , so he 's unlikely to desist .
However .
We should hold our friends to a much higher standards than we hold our adversaries .
There is no way in which PZ is comparable to the folks sending him death threats .
I completely agree with him on the substantive question -- it 's just a cracker .
It does n't turn into anyone 's body , and there 's nothing different about a " consecrated " wafer than an unconsecrated one -- the laws of physics have something to say about that .
But I thought his original post was severely misguided .
It 's not a matter of freedom of speech -- PZ has every right to post whatever opinions he wants on his blog , and I admire him immensely for his passionate advocacy for the cause of godlessness .
But just because you can do something does n't mean you should .
And there 's a huge difference between arguing passionately that God does n't exist , and taking joy in doing things that disturb religious people .
Let me explain this position by way of a parable , which I understand is the preferred device in these situations .
Alice and Bob have been friends for a long time .
Several years ago , Alice gave birth to a son , who was unfortunately critically ill from the start ; after being in intensive care for a few months , he ultimately passed away .
Alice 's most prized possession is a tiny baby rattle , which was her son's only toy for the short time he was alive .
Bob , however , happens to be an expert on rattles .
( A childhood hobby -- let 's not dig into that . )
And he knows for a fact that this rattle can't be the one that Alice 's son had -- this particular model was n't even produced until two years after the baby was born .
Who knows what mistake happened , but Bob is completely certain that Alice is factually incorrect about the provenance of this rattle .
And Bob , being devoted to the truth above all other things , tries his best to convince Alice that she is mistaken about the rattle .
But she wo n't be swayed ; to her , the rattle is a sentimental token of her attachment to her son , and it means the world to her .
Frankly , she is being completely irrational about this .
So , striking a brave blow for truth , Bob steals the rattle when Alice is n't looking .
And then he smashes it into many little pieces , and flushes them all down the toilet .
Surprisingly to Bob , Alice is not impressed with this gesture .
Neither , in fact , are many of his friends among the rattle - collecting cognoscenti ; rather than appreciating his respect for the truth , they seem to think he was just being " an asshole . "
I think there is some similarity here .
It 's an unfortunate feature of a certain strand of contemporary atheism that it does n't treat religious believers as fellow humans with whom we disagree , but as tards who function primarily as objects of ridicule .
And ridicule has its place .
But sometimes it 's gratuitous .
Sure , there are stupid / crazy religious people ; there are also stupid / crazy atheists , and black people , and white people , and gays , and straights , and Republicans , and Democrats , and Sixers fans , and Celtics fans , and so on .
Focusing on stupidest among those with whom you disagree is a sign of weakness , not of strength .
It seems to me that the default stance of a proud secular humanist should be to respect other people as human beings , even if we definitively and unambiguously think they are wrong .
There will always be a lunatic fringe ( and it may be a big one ) that is impervious to reason , and there some good old - fashioned mockery is perfectly called for .
But I do n't see the point in going out of one 's way to insult and offend wide swaths of people for no particular purpose , and to do so joyfully and with laughter in your heart .
( Apparently the litmus test for integrity vs. hypocrisy on this issue is how you felt about the Mohammed cartoons published in a Danish newspaper a couple of years ago ; so you can read my take on that here , and scour the text for inconsistencies . )
Actually , I do see the point in the gratuitous insults , I just do n't like it .
Like any other controversial stance , belief in God or not divides people into camps .
And once the camps are formed , the temptations of tribalism are difficult to resist .
We are smart and courageous and wise ; the people who disagree with us are stupid and cowardly and irrational .
And it 's easy enough to find plenty of examples of every combination , on any particular side .
There is nothing more satisfying than getting together and patting ourselves on the back for how wonderful we are , and snorting with derision at the shambling oafishness of that other tribe over there .
My hope is that humanists can not only patiently explain why God and any accompanying metaphysical superstructure is unnecessary and unsupported by the facts , but also provide compelling role models for living a life of reason , which includes the capacity for respectful disagreement .
I say all this with a certain amount of care , as there is nothing more annoying than people who think that professions of atheism or careful arguments against the existence of God are automatically offensive .
Respectful dialogue cuts both ways ; people should be able to explain why they do n't believe in the supernatural or why they believe .
Even if both atheists and believers are susceptible to the temptations of tribalism , that does n't make them equivalent ; the atheists have the advantage of being right on the substance .
Richard Dawkins and his friends have done a great service to our modern discourse , by letting atheism get a foot in the door of respectable stances that one has to admit are held by a nontrivial fraction of people -- even if they stepped on a few toes to do it .
But stepping on toes should be a means to an end ; it should n't be an end in itself .
According to a new technical market research report , Carbon Capture & Storage Technologies from BCC Research , the global market for carbon capture technologies was worth $ 88.7 billion in 2007 .
This is expected to increase to over $ 236.3 billion by 2012 , a compound annual growth rate ( CAGR ) of 21.8 % .
I wonder just how viable carbon capture and storage will be in a world with ever increasing coal / oil / gas prices , and a world in which carbon emissions are quickly devouring the planet .
This report also goes against the findings of a similar UN report that show that renewable energy is really where the money is .
Assuming however that the entire world is n’t going to suddenly stop burning fossil fuels , carbon capture and storage is going to be an important technology .
So where is all these billions going to come from ?
The market is broken down into applications of precombustion , combustion and postcombustion .
Of these , postcombustion has the largest share of the market .
Valued at nearly $ 51.5 billion in 2007 , this segment is expected to be worth $ 107.0 billion by 2012 , a CAGR of 15.7 % .
Post - combustion , which involves chemical stripping of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) from various gases by bubbling the gases through liquid chemicals , is the most mature and so far the technology to beat in price and reliability .
The second largest segment , precombustion , was worth an estimated $ 34.6 billion in 2007 and will reach $ 124.9 billion by 2012 .
Precombustion involves gasifying coal to extract a synthetic natural gas that is then burned in an Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle plant , a process that emits much less CO2 than a traditional coal plant and can be configured to be a near zero emission plant with the addition of post - combustion technologies .
Demand for clean as well as cheap energy sources such as coal is driving this market , even though the price of coal has been shooting up along side the price of oil and gas .
Combustion is currently a $ 500 million sector that will be worth $ 2.0 billion in 2012 , for a CAGR of 32 % .
By 2025 more than 10 billion metric tons of CO2 will need to be captured each year and CO2 emissions will still continue to grow ( if we continue on our current course ) .
A global infrastructure that will ultimately cost more than $ 15 trillion may need to be installed over the next century to accomplish that ever increasing annual task .
I assume most people will realize the folly of spending 15 trillion dollars on carbon capture , when we could create a world wide infrastructure of wind / solar / biomass / etc energy production , most likely for less .
I see carbon capture and storage technology being used mainly for legacy infrastructure .
There are fundamental problems with continuing to increase the rate at which we burn fossil fuels , security , global warming , supply , pollution , etc .
Wind , solar , and biomass technologies will provide the bulk of future demand , with a few legacy coal / oil / gas plants .
These plants will need to have all of the carbon emissions captures and stored if we are to return the atmosphere to a state in which run-away global heating is not a concern .
Lets hope the promise of future capture markets will spur this technology to achieve high efficiency and reliability , I shudder to think what would happen if the stored co2 suddenly escaped en-mass .
Carbon capture is going to play an important role in our future , but a minimal one .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Why ' Vote - by - Mail ' Elections are a Terrible Idea for Democracy "
( 99 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 8:06 am PT ...
What ?
They are using paper ballots ?
Can you believe it ?
And
" EI advocates have had in helping to expose the failures of electronic voting systems "
Well said .
All that bad stuff was stopped long ago :
In 1988 Ronnie Dugger wrote the definitive article on computerized vote fixing ...
DURING the past quarter of a century , with hardly anyone noticing , the inner workings of democracy have been computerized .
All our elections , from mayor to President , are counted locally , in about ten thousand five hundred political jurisdictions , and gradually , since 1964 , different kinds of computer - based voting systems have been installed in town after town , city after city , county after county .
This year , fifty - five per cent of all votes - seventy - five per cent in the largest jurisdictions - will be counted electronically .
If ninety - five million Americans vote on Tuesday , November 8th , the decisions expressed by about fifty - two million of them will be tabulated according to rules that programmers and operators unknown to the public have fed into computers .
( EI Progress Movement stops bad guys in 1988 ) .
The government confirmed it :
4.13 Summary Of Problem Types 4.13.1 Insufficient Pre-election Testing
4.13.2 Failure to Implement an Adequate Audit Trail
4.13.3 Failure to Provide for a Partial Manual Recount
4.13.4 Inadequate Ballots or Ballot - Reader Operation
4.13.5 Inadequate Security and Management Control
4.13.6 Inadequate Contingency Planning
4.13.7 Inadequate System Acceptance Procedures ( National Institute of Standards and Testing , 1988 ) .
Ever since 1988 there has been progress , by progressives , to the progressive place we are today .
Rejoice .
Because this progress even goes back ten years before 1988 , because Ronnie Dugger quoted above , in 1988 sedd :
DURING the past quarter of a century ( 1988 minus 25 years is 1963 ) , the year of the Kennedy assasination .
PROGRESS , in the words of a 1989 EI movement revolutionary :
First words spoken by
President - elect , George Bush ,
November 8 , 1988 victory speech
in Houston , Texas , 11:30 PM EST " Once , during the time when days were darker , I made a promise .
Thanks , New Hampshire ! " ( Deja Vu all over again , cause its progress ) .
Now these paper ballot thingies ... that Stalin used ... gives new meaning to " Stalinism in voting is a thing of the past ... " does n't it ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 8:13 am PT ...
When is paper not paper ... when the " progressives " say so McFeignfully .
It ai n't HANES until inspector 99 says so , and it ain't paper until inspector 99 says it is paper .
A change of names to protect the guilty .
Blogger " PAPER " changed his name to " paper " .
So , one can say it was a big deal or a BIG deal , but one can not too .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... SteveIL said on 5/20/2008 @ 8:19 am PT ...
Is there any " proof " that there has been a lack of transparency , a lack of security , voter intimidation , election fraud , ballot mishandling , and no secret ballots ?
Or is the " angst " about this system just fear - mongering ?
See , this is the argument partisan liberals ( especially those who claim they are n't partisan liberals ) have used against voter ID laws .
We 've seen these arguments introduced into meritless dissenting opinions by some Supreme Court Justices .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... ArchiCoot said on 5/20/2008 @ 8:43 am PT ...
A verifiable but secret ballot from a legal voter is not an easy thing to do .
It requires much more thought on the process to protect privacy but also assure that the vote cast is accurately counted according to the voter 's intent .
I would like to see BradBlog open a continuing discussion thread and start by posting the current known solutions on how we can achieve the above .
Perhaps a separate post for each possible solution ....
With one or more reasonable verifiable voting solutions in hand a populist movement can be generated at each state level to adopt reasonable solutions to uphold democracy .
Then again .... we need honest citizens to run for office too .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 8:51 am PT ...
SteveIL # 3
A bank with its doors open overnight is not proof that a bank robbery took place .
Yet not many will argue that there is no problem with that scenario .
And if we take the discipline of accounting , they have a term of art called " the paper trail " .
I do not know why it is a current " progressive " tendency to throw the baby out with the bath water .
All or nothing politics is really not bringing " progress " ... a useless word .
What we want is solutions .
So the better movement is the solution movement , not the progress movement .
In accounting the paper trail is composed of anything and everything that would identify any culprit anywhere that would mess with valuables .
I do not , to this very day , understand why " progressives " get their shorts all tied up in a know over the method of voting , when the greatest voter fraud genious of all time , Stalin , clearly pointed out that the voters are not the place to look ( and by extrapolation the method of voting ) , the place to look is the counting , because " the voters decide nothing , those who count decide everything " .
Counting and accounting and paper trail must be linked in a solution way , not a " progressive " way .
The way to tell if the bank that was left open all night was had or not is to look at " the paper trail " , which would be composed of all relevant evidence .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 9:00 am PT ...
ArchiCoot # 4
I will add to your point by pointing out that Arthur Anderson ( " paper trailers " ) where a reputable accounting firm until they were n't anymore .
Without honest people there is no democracy , no matter how the vote is cast or counted .
There is only the illusion of democracy ( demockcrazy ) , because in point of fact , democracy is an apex of honesty .
BTW Bradblog is one of the closest things to a continuing discussion of election and vote problems that I am aware of .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... PatriotNW said on 5/20/2008 @ 9:11 am PT ...
Very interesting article , Brad .
Thanks for the post .
Since I live in Oregon , I can relate to the things you discuss .
The Oregon vote - by - mail system is incredibly convenient for the voters ( you have weeks , not minutes , to study and fill out your ballot ) .
Yet it does lack some transparency .
It is an unfortunate reality that while the perception here is that the system works great , it would only take a few bad apples over the course of time to really drive it in the gutter ( not mentioning any names , but " George Bush " comes to mind ) .
So it is a good idea to install better safeguards and procedures into law .
One thing you left out in your list are the " ballot collection " efforts that often happen , whereby a candidate and / or organization will go out and collect ballots to be turned in to the elections office .
There is no way to be certain the ballot will end up where they say it will .
A note of caution , though .
I would hate to throw out the baby with the bathwater on this system .
With greater oversight , I feel the vote - by - mail could be the best system out there .
Lacking a national holiday for people to go vote , it is very voter - friendly .
If safeguards can be put in place , with ways to better mandate transparency and accountability , it would go a long way to a convenient , reliable democracy .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... NateTG said on 5/20/2008 @ 9:24 am PT ...
Archiecoot ( # 4 ) :
It 's mathematically impossible to have an election process that is both verifiable and anonymous .
If there is a constitutional requirement secret ballots , then only very limited verifiability is possible .
If the election process is verifiable , then each voter must be able to verify that his or her vote was counted correctly , but that also means that said voter can demonstrate that to others .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Paul McCarthy said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:05 am PT ...
This last primary the letter carrier deliberately withheld my absentee ballot so I could n't vote .
This was in retaliation for a personal complaint that we'd made to the branch post office because the carrier was amusing herself by crumpling the mail up into balls before putting it in the mailbox .
This is not paranoia .
The carrier actually stopped delivering mail to us last summer and we had to beg the supervisor to get our mail started again .
I know the carrier deliberately withheld the mail because the absentee ballot arrived with a whole bunch of mail and a triumphant note from the letter carrier claiming we had n't emptied the box , which was a lie .
I complained to the Postmaster for San Francisco , asking her to move the carrier to a different route and NOTHING was done because the same letter carrier is still on the route .
I complained to Debbie Bowen and her investigator took a report .
It 's incredible that no one supervises the letter carriers re delivery of an absentee ballot but apparently no one does .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:07 am PT ...
SteveIL # 3 foolishly asked :
Is there any " proof " that there has been a lack of transparency , a lack of security , voter intimidation , election fraud , ballot mishandling , and no secret ballots ?
Yes , of course .
Miles of it .
As a matter of fact , if you bother to actually read the available studies on voter fraud , you 'll find that where it exists , it 's largely via absentee balloting .
As I say , miles of proof .
The very proof you anti-democracy folks use to claim polling place Photo ID restrictions are necessary , when it truth , polling place Photo ID does nothing to stop such fraud , since most of it occurs via absentee .
See , this is the argument partisan liberals ( especially those who claim they are n't partisan liberals ) have used against voter ID laws .
Wrong .
The entirety of your evidence - free comment is without merit .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:16 am PT ...
Archicoot # 4 said : A verifiable but secret ballot from a legal voter is not an easy thing to do .
It requires much more thought on the process to protect privacy but also assure that the vote cast is accurately counted according to the voter 's intent .
I would like to see BradBlog open a continuing discussion thread and start by posting the current known solutions on how we can achieve the above .
Perhaps a separate post for each possible solution ....
You say it 's " not that easy " .
I argue that it 's quite simple .
We 've made it complicated .
Needlessly .
In short : Voters vote on paper , put it into transparent box on the table where all can see it , all day long .
At end of day , ballots are removed from box , counted then and there , publicly , by anybody and everybody .
Results are posted at the precinct before those ballots are ever moved anywhere .
Simple , secure , secret , accurate .
Problem now solved ?
Yeah , I thought so
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:24 am PT ...
Dredd sedd # 5 : I do not , to this very day , understand why " progressives " get their shorts all tied up in a know over the method of voting , when the greatest voter fraud genious of all time , Stalin , clearly pointed out that the voters are not the place to look ( and by extrapolation the method of voting ) , the place to look is the counting , because " the voters decide nothing , those who count decide everything " .
Stalin was not a " voter fraud genius " , he was an " election fraud genius " .
You , of all people , Dredd , should well know the difference .
As well as well knowing the dangers of conflating the two ideas .
Dredd then further sedd # 6 : Without honest people there is no democracy , no matter how the vote is cast or counted .
There will always be honest people in a democracy .
The trick is to let them be able to count and / or oversee the counting of their own votes .
When you allow transparency to disappear , secret counting to occur , and a system is allowed to take over which relies on the " honesty " of the vote counters ( be they man or machine ) , you are asking for trouble .
That 's what happened under Stalin , as you mention so frequently , Dredd .
Nobody wants that ( well , nobody here , anyway ... well , no serious person here anyway ) .
Remove the counting from visibility and anything can happen .
Trusting that your vote counters will be honest ( even if they are ) is foolish folly and begging for disaster .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:30 am PT ...
NateTG # 8 said :
It 's mathematically impossible to have an election process that is both verifiable and anonymous .
If there is a constitutional requirement secret ballots , then only very limited verifiability is possible .
I wholeheartedly disagree .
See my response at # 11 to Archicoot , and feel free to let me know what 's wrong with it .
I do n't need to verify that MY ballot was counted accurately .
I need to verify that everyone 's ballot was counted accurately .
I believe you are laboring under a false premise .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Gentry Lange said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:39 am PT ...
NoVBM.com I run the No Vote By Mail Project out of Washington State .
For those of you that do n't think problems exist with vote - by mail , I suggest you check the site .
I 've documented every type of fraud suggested by VBM critics .
Granny Farming is a good one to learn about to start .
Getting rid of the secret ballot , which vote - by mail does , IS a very bad idea .
Why Voting By Mail Is a Bad Idea 89 Articles Why VBM is a Very Bad Idea
And my personal favorite of late , who 'd pushing this agenda nationally ...
Democrats .
That 's just for starters ...
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:47 am PT ...
Too bad we have to deal with the world that actually exists , and unfortunately the minds in it ?
The one some call it " reality " ?
And that really is a problem in Amurka , whether or not it also is in America .
There are no clear plastic boxes with everyone watching .
It does not work like that , so to inject a fantasy into a real debate is only going to bring " progress " , not a solution .
And we may find that blogs are not the place that will bring it about .
Today on THE VIEW , of all places to think gutsy journalism would be practiced , preznit blush was criticized for talking about NAZI appeasers when in fact his grandfather ( a senator who put the APPEASER in appeaser ) had his assets seized during WWII for violating the American Trading With The Enemy Act ( he dealt with the NAZI 's ) .
When progressives claim to have THE VIEW , but do n't in point of fact , may housewives on THE VIEW will have to carry the day .
Yep , it would be easy if it was easy , but since it is n't it is n't .
Especially in a world where money is just as good as cash .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... SteveIL said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:47 am PT ...
I 'm one of the anti-democracy folks ?
This is a tad off - topic , but you supported that recent California Supreme Court travesty where 4 tyrants in black robes ( you erroneously referred to them as conservatives ) completely disregarded the 4.6 million people ( 61.4 % ) who voted to define marriage the way they did .
If that is n't anti-democracy , I do n't know what is .
Yeah , I presented no evidence on this .
But neither did you regarding the actual Oregon VBM setup .
I 'm not talking absentee ballots in general , but what Oregon is doing in particular .
Where is the proof ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Gentry Lange said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:55 am PT ...
First of all Oregon has all the same problems any Optical Scan voting systems encounter .
Of course the additional problem of counting folded absentees is something that has not been affectively dealt with anywhere so far .
Second , Vote - by Mail is sold as the " solution to computer vote counting " when it is actually using the same computers .
Um , this should concern people .
The same people who sold the country on Touchscreens and proprietary voting machines are now selling the cure ... and marketing it as such .
Third , Oregon does have problems .
35,000 double ballots out there this time .
But most of the time the transparency of the system will not show any problems ... because it makes it virtually impossible to see problems .
I will not , however , continue to argue with people who think that there are no problems , without having them actually do some reading on the subject .
Oregon is having problems .
Just because you do n't know what they are , does not mean that they do n't exist .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... steve said on 5/20/2008 @ 11:10 am PT ...
Wow , where do these rocket scientists come from ?
What 's all this stuff about " no proof " , " no evidence " ?
This whole freakin' BLOG is dripping with proof and evidence - that 's what it 's here for !
Thanks , Mr. Freidman , for doing this most essential work !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 11:13 am PT ...
Bradd sedd :
Stalin was not a " voter fraud genius " , he was an " election fraud genius " .
You , of all people , Dredd , should well know the difference .
As well as well knowing the dangers of conflating the two ideas .
Staw man on the attack Brad , shame on you .
Stalin was a genious who knew the amoral truth that the voters do not count , only the counters count .
Stalin was an evil genious who used paper ballots , and verified results too .
It is just that as in all things voting , " verified " like the counting is not a matter of the voter , it is a matter of the counter .
In these daze McFeign supporters criticize a Senator for diplomatic leanings , while they support another Senator who hugs a fascist who 's grandfather , a Senator , had his American assets taken away under American law for supporting the real enemy Hitler .
Yep , hug a NAZI for progress .
As in those daze , these daze might makes right and the people get what is left .
Shame for sure , but also real for sure .
It really would be nice if he had democracy like the Ukraine where American progressives would be in context .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 11:36 am PT ...
Steve # 18 Much of " journalism " , whether voting journalizm or journalism that counts , is damage control .
Take this story for example :
Bush 's Grandfather Directed Bank Tied to Man Who Funded Hitler ( FOX NEWS ) .
How is that damage control ?
Read what is tries to divert from :
Both Harrimans and Bush were partners in the New York investment firm of Brown Brothers , Harriman and Co. , which handled the financial transactions of the bank as well as other financial dealings with several other companies linked to Bank voor Handel that were confiscated by the U.S. government during World War II .
Union Banking was seized by the government in October 1942 under the Trading with the Enemy Act ...
Document uncovers details of a planned coup in the USA in 1933 by right - wing American businessmen .
The coup was aimed at toppling President Franklin D Roosevelt with the help of half - a- million war veterans .
The plotters , who were alleged to involve some of the most famous families in America , ( owners of Heinz , Birds Eye , Goodtea , Maxwell Hse & George Bush 's Grandfather , Prescott ) believed that their country should adopt the policies of Hitler and Mussolini to beat the great depression .
Mike Thomson investigates why so little is known about this biggest ever peacetime threat to American ( Larissa , at - Largely ) .
Yep , just because issues are talked about at Fox News does n't " prove " the matter I guess .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 11:47 am PT ...
SteveIL # 16 continues his foolery : I 'm one of the anti-democracy folks ?
Yes .
This is a tad off - topic , but you supported that recent California Supreme Court travesty where 4 tyrants in black robes ( you erroneously referred to them as conservatives ) ...
No , I did n't .
Do not misquote , or mischaracterize what I wrote , simply because you 're not able to make your case honestly .
I said it was a Republican majority court ( true ) and that their decision was a conservative one ( true ) in that it simply minded the rights and protections as written into the state Constitution and did not attempt to legislative from the bench .
... completely disregarded the 4.6 million people ( 61.4 % ) who voted to define marriage the way they did .
If that is n't anti-democracy , I do n't know what is .
Well then , apparently you do n't know what is .
Our system of democracy is based on laws established by a Constitution which protects the rights of the minority .
While the majority is supposed to be the decider at the ballot box , the Constitution is meant to protect the minority .
Thankfully , that 's what happened in California .
You would be wise to learn how our system of democracy works in this country .
Yeah , I presented no evidence on this .
But neither did you regarding the actual Oregon VBM setup .
I 'm not talking absentee ballots in general , but what Oregon is doing in particular .
Where is the proof ?
Actually , I did present such evidence .
Beginning with the 35,000 voters who received two ballots each due to Oregon 's VBM system .
You 're cool with 35,000 double voters in the state of Oregon ?
For the rest of the evidence you ask for , you need n't look very far if you actually care to learn about it .
Though I suspect you do n't , and that your partisan political nonsense takes precedence over the right to vote and to have that vote counted accurately and transparently .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 11:54 am PT ...
Dredd sedd @ # 19 ( when he was staying on topic for a minute ) :
It is just that as in all things voting , " verified " like the counting is not a matter of the voter , it is a matter of the counter .
Right .
Which is why the voter needs to be the counter .
That principle is perhaps best exemplified by the mission noted by the Creekside Declaration ( " To encourage citizen ownership of transparent , participatory democracy " ) serves to underscore almost all that we do here .
If you believe that mission is not a reality - based one , then I 'm not sure why you 'd waste your time here .
I believe the goal , and the prospects of seeing it continually come to fruition in this country , to be exceedingly real .
If you wish to respond , please remain on topic , Dredd , if possible .
Thank you .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Elaine said on 5/20/2008 @ 12:45 pm PT ...
Reading with great interest the comment here .
Sorry for the long post .
. . but all on topic : * Lack of Transparency - Yes , it 's hard to have both secrecy and transparency .
At Election Office I worked in ( and the particular job I had ) , there was little opportunity for fraud than there would be in your scenario with as many ballots cast .
Lots of observers and ballot baby - sitting with three people ( supervisor , and an election worker from both major parties ) present at all times .
From my vantage point , I could clearly see the path of the ballots as they were brought in by the Sheriff or Deputy , to my station where ballot boxes were checked in with the presence of three other people ( boxes were new , properly sealed and appropriately marked ) , and then went directly to one of the boards .
Only then , in the presence of the board and overseen by supervisory election staff , observers and myself , were the boxes opened to be processed .
Ballots would be taken , past my station to be counted , which was also in my purview and , again with at least three election workers in the same arrangement ( super and 1 from each party ) .
After counting , the ballots were re-packed and sealed in their original box and sent to a vault which looked like a bank vault and quite secure .
It was just past me and down the hall .
There were elections officials and other observers present at all times who had the same ability to take in as much of the scene as I .
If the ballots we received were the ballots voted , there certainly is a paper trail to check inaccuracies by the ballot - counting machines .
In some ways a large central counting area provides a greater opportunity for observation by many participants and less possibility for fraud by an inside few .
In order to implement your suggestions , we would need more precincts and far more election workers .
If only there was more public interest in further participation in this process .
* Lack of Security - I do feel this is a weakness in our system .
This could ( and is ) better addressed by depositing ballots directly to the Elections Office or by precinct voting on election day .
" Any unmarked contest on a ballot can be marked by someone other than the voter when the ballots are opened for counting . "
Brad .
This was n't a likely problem at the office in which I worked .
All eyes were on the boards , no markers on the tables .
At the counting machine , again many observers and really no table to place a ballot down and mark it surreptitiously .
* Voter Intimidation -
The kind of voter intimidation you describe involves the participation of the voter .
You 'd have to bring in your ballot .
In that situation , simply voting early or fouling the ballot and going to the nearest Elections Office and voting there , instead is a possibility .
* Election Fraud -
With VBM you do have time to handle things through the elections office should you not receive a ballot .
For those without disabilities or who do not need assistance in voting , it 's easy to tell helpful people that you 've already voted .
Most certainly the elderly and those with disabilities are vulnerable , but they can choose to vote in their precinct and would likely be able to find transportation should they seek it in advance .
* Potential for Ballot Mishandling - Oregon maintains precinct voting as an option for voters .
However , many " early birds " take ballots to the Elections Office rather than send them through the mail .
* Lack of Secret Ballot -
We do want to have a secret ballot , but we want to be able to verify that our vote is counted .
Both are ideal goals .
Brad , even in your own scenario --- how do we know that participants are who they say they are , should be voting in the precinct and are not leaving one precinct to go vote in another ?
Having said that , I do not feel that there is much " voter fraud " , but that " election fraud " is another story .
The problem is , if there is a loophole , it can be utilized and the whole idea is to ensure every vote counts .
It seems to me that we have a problem of limited time and scale of voters .
There does have to be a way to solve this .
Thanks Brad & everyone --
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 1:24 pm PT ...
Brad # 22
I do n't waste my time by pointing out that this stuff is in its 45th year ( 1963 - 2008 ) [ post # 1 ] .
Who else on this blog is pointing out that the same tired and obvious is not news it is olds ?
Stalin was a paper ballot verified vote user .
I point that out .
Stalin was a genious .
I point that out .
He was an evil genious .
I point that out .
The election system in any country with paper ballots and verification is not the major issue .
I point that out .
Honesty is the major issue .
It does not matter who is counting , those counters decide everything .
I point that out .
If the counters are honest in any nation every election is honest , and if the counters are not honest that election is not honest .
I point that out .
You make a big deal about how the votes are cast , as if that was what controls the results , and brings about an honest election .
I point that out .
You recoil on that point , and argue for a perfect system not mentioning honesty .
Even if " the people " , " the computers " , " the magic citizens in a magic land " , the whatever , are not honest neither will the election be honest .
No matter if rocks are used as ballots .
I point that out .
Bush and McFeign are fascists .
I point that out .
Good debate does not waste anyone 's time .
I point that out .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 1:28 pm PT ...
Elaine - I could n't tell if " your office " was in Oregon or elsewhere .
So hopefully your comments speak for themselves .
I 'll respond to just a couple of points you made , however , under the presumption you 're speaking about Oregon ...
If the ballots we received were the ballots voted ...
That 's a big " if " , of course , and one that is difficult to know in a VBM system .
With precinct - based counting ( whether by hand or op - scan ) it 's much easier to know that , and track whether the number of folks who signed in , match with the number of ballots you are counting .
... there certainly is a paper trail to check inaccuracies by the ballot - counting machines .
In some ways a large central counting area provides a greater opportunity for observation by many participants and less possibility for fraud by an inside few .
Not if you have no idea what you are counting , if those are the actual voted ballots , if those are all of them , etc .
Decentralized counting , at the precincts , counted publicly and announced publicly before the ballots move anywhere , makes it much harder to game the system or effect an election ( at least without getting caught . )
In order to implement your suggestions , we would need more precincts and far more election workers .
If only there was more public interest in further participation in this process .
I suggest there is plenty of " public interest in further participation in this process . "
In places , such as NH , where they do a great deal of handcounting , they have plenty of volunteers for it , as I understand .
It 's difficult getting pollworkers these days to do endless hours , of overly - technical work requiring training and almost no pay .
But if it was announced that the people were needed to hand - count ballots at the polls , on Election Night , I suspect turnout would be big .
Even so , even precinct - based op - scan counting is better than central - based op - scan counting , which is better than VBM central - based counting .
And precinct - based op - scan , which has it's own concerns , does n't take many folks at all .
It just takes a machine .
Hand counts and / or audits would be preferred .
But if you 're gonna op - scan anyway ( as you do in OR ) , it might as well be decentralized at the precincts where it 's easier to track , and harder to game .
Brad , even in your own scenario --- how do we know that participants are who they say they are , should be voting in the precinct and are not leaving one precinct to go vote in another ?
That 's a " problem " that 's already been solved in the majority of precincts across the country .
You are assigned to a specific polling place , and must vote there , where you appear in the register and must sign - in when you vote .
I can't go to a different precinct here in L.A. , for example , after I 've voted at my assigned precinct .
And , as study after study has shown , in - person voter impersonation fraud is incredibly rare , in no small part because it 's very difficult to effect an election that way , and there are severe fines in place ( 5 years in jail , $ 10,000 etc. ) for doing so .
Those have proven to be very effective deterrents .
Finally , there are no such deterrents w/ VBM .
By and large , I can " sell " my vote to anybody who wants it , or , in turn , intimidate others into voting the way I want them to .
There is almost nothing that can be done about that .
And where voter fraud actually exists , it 's by and large via absentee balloting , of the kind used for nearly 100 % of the voting in Oregon .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Powkat said on 5/20/2008 @ 1:42 pm PT ...
I love vote by mail .
I can see where there might be problems , but Oregon is known for its relatively clean politics .
The newspapers publish when ballots are mailed , so if you do n't get one you can call the PO or the Elections Office to see what happened ; you do n't have to mail it , there are drop boxes at every library or you can hand carry it to the Elections Office ; as soon as you vote those horrible phone calls stop .
My only regret is that parents no longer get to take their small children with them to the polling place - that is how I taught my kids about voting and why it 's important .
Of course it could be subverted , but I still trust it over Diebold .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Tony Seton said on 5/20/2008 @ 2:16 pm PT ...
In Oregon , people get to vote by mail and 75 % of The Beaver State 's likely voters do so .
Granted it makes things easier , but they can cast their ballots weeks in advance of the actual election day and that can be problematic .
For instance , in the GOP primary for the 5th Congressional seat , it was revealed only days before today ’s election day that a “ pro-life ” ( anti- choice ; we 're all pro-life ) candidate had allegedly gotten a woman pregnant a while back and paid for her abortion .
“ Hey , I wanna change my vote !
I do n't wanna vote for a hypocrite ! ”
That ’s a tough proposition for most voters , but hey , why did n't you wait to cast your ballot ?
( There 's always more at http://QNNamerica.com.)
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... PatriotNW said on 5/20/2008 @ 2:21 pm PT ...
So why not have vote - by - mail , but require voters to show up in person to deliver their ballot ?
Voters would still have ample time to fill out their ballot and analyze issues , but they would be required to do more than just drop the ballot back in the mailbox .
This would satisfy at least some of the concerns listed .
In addition , storing the ballots in a more transparent fashion , then hand - counting them on election day , seems like the way to go .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... ArchiCoot said on 5/20/2008 @ 3:32 pm PT ...
Brad in post # 11 , Elaine in post # 23 and Dredd in many posts continued the conversation well , addressing many points .
I think that voting and dropping your ballot into a clear container is only a small part of the voting process .
Prior to that is actually accessing a ballot in hand to vote with that is not confusing , or slanted for or against the candidates .
And after one votes how is the ballot counted and the counts officially reported up the chain to the Secretary of State ?
As Dredd points out unscrupulous counters committing election fraud is one major issue for US all .
The answer is not simple at all ... but to start with an unalterable record of the vote is the only basis of later verification .
So ... I will propose a National Ballot Design Standard using :
chadless punch cards
This standard can be designed and sponsored through a private competition sponsored by BradBlog and other blogs .
The popular consensus ballot design standard can then be proposed for adoption by each state legislature .
The ballot design must be able to :
1. Clearly present the voting choices
2 . Be easily counted using a mechanical ( not optical ) process
3 . Be verifiable without ambiguity
4 . The process of one ballot per voter while maintaining privacy is to be addressed I also propose that all voting starts on a Friday at 8 am and end on a Monday at 5 pm with the polls open from 8 am to 5 pm each day ( including Sunday . )
So no mailing and thereby adding to a chain of custody with possible misdirection of the ballots .
Anyone else have comments or ideas ?
ps : Thanks Brad for having this forum .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... SteveIL said on 5/20/2008 @ 3:42 pm PT ...
Actually , I did present such evidence .
Beginning with the 35,000 voters who received two ballots each due to Oregon 's VBM system .
You 're cool with 35,000 double voters in the state of Oregon ?
You presented evidence of an error , not fraud .
Just so you know , it ( VBM ) does n't seem like a good idea to me either , especially with the errors you point out .
However , your opposition to VBM uses many of the same arguments I would make regarding the use of a photo ID for voting , providing they do so in a manner similar to Indiana .
The arguments against valid photo ID laws have n't been convincing , especially in that woeful dissent from Justice Souter .
As far as the California case , it was n't anything resembling a conservative opinion , especially since California recognizes gay unions already , calling them marriages in all but name only .
Nothing in the California constitution covers " sexual orientation " or " sexual preference " or any such thing .
Neither does the U.S. Constitution .
It was judicial tyranny by these liberal judges .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Kevin said on 5/20/2008 @ 3:54 pm PT ...
There is an enormous error in your complaint that I can refute off the top of my head .
There is actually a way to verify who sent in the ballot .
Ballots are checked against signatures that are on file from registration .
Accordingly , the other complaints you listed are inherent in voting .
Ballots will always have the potential to be mishandled in any state .
You really failed to bring up any unique problems with VBM that do n't also exist with other types of voting .
I 'll take my ballot by mail over a polling place any day .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 3:55 pm PT ...
Brad # 25
In response to Elaine you sedd :
there are severe fines in place ( 5 years in jail , $ 10,000 etc. ) for doing so .
Those have proven to be very effective deterrents .
How can you prove anything has been deterred until you prove it was happening ?
How many elections were stolen and how many have not been stolen since these " deterrents " you speak of ?
The most effective deterrent is good character ... honesty .
If we fail to teach our kids honesty ( I did not fail ) , then try to deter them with fear after failing ... well get ready to visit them in jail .
Canada is a good contrast to consider .
In 2003 :
The violent crime rate has generally declined since the early 1990s ...
Since 1993 , it has fallen 11 % , and in 2003 , it remained virtually unchanged ...
Most violent crime categories recorded declines in 2003 ...
The national homicide rate fell ... to its lowest level in over 35 years .
A total of 548 homicides were reported ...
Penalties have not been going up to account for the downward trend ( they do not execute ) .
But for an entire nation of about 35 million to have only 548 murders , compared to the US 's 16,528 that year , argues against a deterrent theory .
The US per capita murder rate is about 10 times as much as Canad , and Canada does not have the death penalty " deterrent " the US has .
Honesty and good upbringing are the only hope for honest elections .
Honest people do not cheat in elections , nor dthey murder their fellow citizens .
There is no evidence I know of that suggests hacking eVote machines , other election fraud , or voter fraud has been deterred by fines , the death penalty , or jail .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/20/2008 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
SteveIL
A conservative reading of the Constitution , by anyone , liberal or conservative , Republican or Democrat , is that it is outright illegal to deprive anyone of their rights ... civil rights , human rights ....
The State cannot tell anyone who they can marry , that option is a basic human right .
I would also argue that the number of people one can marry is up to the individual / s , not the State .
I would also argue that the State has no business meddling in marriage at all , but as long as it does , it ought not compound the error by placing conditions on it .
AMERICANS might hate having to live and let live , but we agree that is the basis of our republic .
We hate having to be humane to murderers also but THAT TOO is the conservative reading of the Constitution , and some of us are also trying to uphold that .
The Republican majority in our State Supreme Court finally put the Constitution above party , and I am extremely proud of them for that .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 5:10 pm PT ...
Archicoot # 29 - I think that voting and dropping your ballot into a clear container is only a small part of the voting process .
Prior to that is actually accessing a ballot in hand to vote with that is not confusing , or slanted for or against the candidates .
And after one votes how is the ballot counted and the counts officially reported up the chain to the Secretary of State ?
Of course , ballot design must be good , however that is not a problem addressed by VBM ( since ballot design must be good there as well ) .
Concerns about how ballots are counted are also unsatisfactorily addressed by VBM which counts ballots essentially the way most central - count op - scan systems do , but in a way that is harder to see and / or verify that all ballots cast have actually be counted .
Your other suggestions are all largely good ones that I have no problem with ( and might have included had I been doing more than originally trying to offer you just the simple meat and potatoes of how to simply , securely and transparently hold elections which require neither rocket science , or any new amazing inventions ) .
In short : vote on a paper ballot on Election Day , store the ballot transparently to all at the precinct , count the ballot transparently to , and witnessed by all at the precinct .
Done .
Extending election day , making it a holiday , ensuring good ballot design , enough precincts , transparent , accurate registration rolls , etc. are all obviously part of what needs to be done .
But those are largely obvious .
It is the simple things ( how to cast and count the vote transparently , securely and verifiably accurately ) which seems to be escaping Americans seeking some technology solution to a non-technological problem .
As Dredd points out unscrupulous counters committing election fraud is one major issue for US all .
With all due respect to my friend Dredd , he 's out to lunch on this issue .
The assumption must always be that counters are unscrupulous , even when they are not .
You must have a system that works even with dishonest counters .
There again , full , public transparency , ever step of the way , is your answer .
See above .
Again and again , as necessary .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 5:23 pm PT ...
SteveIL # 30 kept digging :
You presented evidence of an error , not fraud .
My original article ( you may wish to review it above ) was not about fraud .
It was about what is wrong with VBM .
One of the problems is fraud , as easily seen in the ability to buy / sell / intimidate via absentee balloting .
Other problems , such as lack of privacy , mishandled ballots , etc. are also self - evident .
If you 're unfamiliar how you lose your privacy with absentee ballots , it sounds like you need to go learn a little bit about it .
your opposition to VBM uses many of the same arguments I would make regarding the use of a photo ID for voting , providing they do so in a manner similar to Indiana .
My arguments about probs with VBM are based on facts and evidence .
It 's a FACT that the post office mishandles mail .
It 's a FACT that ballot privacy is lost in absentee ballots .
It 's a FACT that votes are bought and sold via absentee .
It 's a FACT that the bulk of voter fraud occurs via same .
It 's also a FACT that there is almost zero in - person voter impersonation of the type that Photo ID restriction proponents claim their measure is meant to deter .
Similarly , it 's a FACT that voters lose their constitutional RIGHT to cast a ballot under such measures .
Your argument is woefully off the mark .
But nice try .
The arguments against valid photo ID laws have n't been convincing , especially in that woeful dissent from Justice Souter .
To who , you ?
They 've apparently been convincing to the Missouri Republican legislature , and to the Kansas Democratic governor , both of whom have turned back your attempts at Photo ID voter disenfranchisement in the last several days .
As far as the California case , it was n't anything resembling a conservative opinion ... Nothing in the California constitution covers " sexual orientation " or " sexual preference " or any such thing .
Neither does the U.S. Constitution .
It was judicial tyranny by these liberal judges .
Apparently , you need to go look up the word " conservative " because you do n't seem to have a clue what it means .
You just made the argument against yourself above .
That 's right , there 's nothing in the Constitution referring to sexual orientation , therefore , there is nothing in the constitution that keeps same - sex couples from marrying .
There are , however , provisions in the Constitution that require equal protection under the law for all , as well as the right not to be discriminated against .
Therefore , conservatively following the Constitution ( again , go look up the word " conservative " , and not at Rush Limbaugh or George W. Bush 's site , because neither have a clue what the word means ) the Republican - majority CA Supreme Court , similar to the Democratic - majority MA Supreme Court , made a conservative decision , and avoided the judicial activism you apparently would have preferred they carried out .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 5:29 pm PT ...
Kevin # 31 said :
There is an enormous error in your complaint that I can refute off the top of my head .
There is actually a way to verify who sent in the ballot .
Ballots are checked against signatures that are on file from registration .
And if I 've sent my ballot in , but it never arrives , and is thus never counted , then what ?
Accordingly , the other complaints you listed are inherent in voting .
Nope .
Vote buying / selling is very hard ( if not impossible ) with in - person precinct - based voting .
Ballot mishandling could , but should be visible when it happens in a decent system , whereas I have no way of knowing if the post office will mishandle my ballot , or if election officials will actually be sure to count it should it arrive .
Further , I do n't lose my secret ballot when voting in person at the polling place .
I could go on , but you may not wish to hear it , since you seem to like VBM .
That 's fine , but the points in the original article are accurate and seriously serve to undermine ( and endanger ) several important tenets of our American style of democracy as I see it .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 5:35 pm PT ...
Dredd sedd # 32 : Honesty and good upbringing are the only hope for honest elections .
Nope .
Transparency is .
You love bringing up Stalin , and incorrectly state that he had " verifiable paper ballots " or some such , but continuously fail to note that his counting procedures were decidedly NOT transparent ( they were done in secret , akin to the way electronic voting systems count ballots in secret ) .
Further , I did not say that fines / jail time , etc. have proven to be good deterrents to Administrative election fraud , but rather , good deterrents to in - person polling place voter impersonation fraud .
Again , you should know better than to conflate those ideas .
If you are uknowingly doing so , I 'd ask you to pay a bit closer attention .
If you are disingenuously doing so , I 'd ask you to stop , since you really ought to know better given the many years you 've been here at The BRAD BLOG .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 5/20/2008 @ 6:01 pm PT ...
Damn Brad , when it comes to the counting .. what works ... open - source - code - op - scan , or whAt ?
The double audit check the score constantly with your own EYES ... peoples back up ?
Geez , just think how that can be transparently obtained in your own damn precinct !
Should the feds take note ....
WE WILL CARE
Were ready , just give the nod TO CERTIFIABLE DEMOCRACY .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... SteveIL said on 5/20/2008 @ 6:23 pm PT ...
They 've apparently been convincing to the Missouri Republican legislature , and to the Kansas Democratic governor , both of whom have turned back your attempts at Photo ID voter disenfranchisement in the last several days .
Hey , that 's fine .
But if they change their minds some day , there 's a nice Supreme Court case that does n't call it disenfranchisement , and calls such laws constitutional .
There are , however , provisions in the Constitution that require equal protection under the law for all , as well as the right not to be discriminated against .
Two things wrong with that statement .
As far as the California proposition is concerned , where is there discrimination ?
Same - sex couples get equal treatment before the law as married couples in California .
Calling it marriage does n't change that .
Second ,
Do n't even try that discrimination argument ; polygamous marriages , even those sanctioned by a religion , are n't recognized , and neither would a " marriage " between two opposite - sex immediate family members , and so on .
It does n't mean they can't engage in sexual activities and call it " marriage " , but it still does n't make that a " marriage " as recognized by the law .
So there 's already plenty of discrimination of minorities when it comes to marriage , if one wants to call it that .
The gay lobby seems to think the group they represent deserve something special .
Four liberal judges thought so too , as compared to the 4.6 million people who thought they were exercising their rights in the democratic process .
Maybe you should take another gander at the Constitution .
Apparently , you need to go look up the word " conservative " because you do n't seem to have a clue what it means .
You just made the argument against yourself above .
Since I am an actual conservative , I already know what one is .
Besides , I do n't think a liberal can provide a proper definition of a " conservative " .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... NateTG said on 5/20/2008 @ 6:54 pm PT ...
Brad Said in Post # 11
In short : Voters vote on paper , put it into transparent box on the table where all can see it , all day long .
At end of day , ballots are removed from box , counted then and there , publicly , by anybody and everybody .
Results are posted at the precinct before those ballots are ever moved anywhere .
Simple , secure , secret , accurate .
Problem now solved ?
Yeah , I thought so In order for you to ensure that your vote is counted , you must be able to track your ballot from the time that you stick it into the box until it is added to the tally ( and through each tally thereafter ) .
That means that anyone who observes the process can do the same and tell how you voted .
Any method that shuffles ballots in a way that provides anonymity must prevent the tracking of individual ballots , and creates a vulnerability to ballot - swapping .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 5/20/2008 @ 7:04 pm PT ...
Nate ---
Nobody 's name is on their ballot ; nobody will tamper with the ballots while they are in a clear ballot box in front of everybody at the polling place throughout the day .
When the ballots are counted --- without ever having left public view --- right there in public view --- nobody is going to know whose ballot is whose , but everyone will know who got how many votes for certain .
Quit trying to complicate something so dirt simple a first grader could understand it thoroughly .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 7:12 pm PT ...
SteveIL , now in desperation wrote : there 's a nice Supreme Court case that does n't call it disenfranchisement , and calls such laws constitutional .
You might want to read it a little closer .
I predict that decision will be undone by one down the road .
It did n't say it was n't disenfranchisement , it said , essentially , that the petitioner did n't adequately make their case , and then left the future door wide open .
As far as the California proposition is concerned , where is there discrimination ?
Same - sex couples get equal treatment before the law as married couples in California .
Calling it marriage does n't change that .
Of course it does .
You would n't be okay with a law that let everyone but people named Steve be married , right ?
Even if you were given " equal treatment before the law " ( which you would not be , under that circumstance ) .
The gay lobby seems to think the group they represent deserve something special .
Yes .
The same rights as everyone else .
And I guess that would be special to someone like you .
Four liberal judges thought so too , as compared to the 4.6 million people who thought they were exercising their rights in the democratic process .
Maybe you should take another gander at the Constitution .
I gander it all the time .
And if you understood it , you were know that it is meant to protect the MINORITY and the equal rights of all .
But you do n't understand it , I 'm sorry to see .
Since I am an actual conservative , I already know what one is .
Besides , I do n't think a liberal can provide a proper definition of a " conservative " .
There 's a lot you do n't think about .
Including having a clue about whether the person you are talking to , be it the Republican Chief Justice of the CA Supremes ( who wrote the majority opinion ) or me .
Next you 'll tell us that Richard Viguerie is n't a conservative either .
Here 's an article I wrote about him last week , and what he thinks of you and your phony " conservative " friends , and here 's my radio interview with him for further enlightenment for ya , boss .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... We 'll Check said on 5/20/2008 @ 8:09 pm PT ...
Gosh , Brad , you lost me on this one .
I 'm a loyal follower of your efforts , but you and those anti-VBM folks are stretching it here .
I have some old parents that love the mail ballot concept and they wo n't be fooled by anyone .
The other arguments are weak , too .
Look , I 've worked for the government and private companies .
Lots of mistakes are made in the former and unethical attitudes exist in the latter .
Yet we have the government running our elections and military , and private entities are prevalent elsewhere as well as infiltrating our government operations .
There has been , is , and will be errors , fraud and immoral activities in all of the things where humans are involved until education and leadership at home and all political levels improves .
I commend your gallant effort , but your time could be better spent on the machine issues , etc. , rather than VBM .
Do n't spread you supreme energy too thin .
Good luck and thank you .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... csbrudy said on 5/20/2008 @ 8:17 pm PT ...
This is how verifiable voting is done .
See Nancy Tobi's three hand count videos : http://www.democracyforn...shire.com/node/view/2648
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Bev Harris said on 5/20/2008 @ 9:01 pm PT ...
So ... I just ran the numbers on Oregon 's vote by mail system and got a lot of surprises , and I think it 's time to dispel some myths --- one of which is that vote by mail causes a higher turnout .
The facts are : No , Oregon is right in the middle of the pack when it comes to voter turnout , and that 's according to the numbers their own secretary of state submitted to the EAC .
I have the whole article here : http://www.bbvforums.org...messages/1954/74040.html
Here 's part of it : Kentucky is a big problem , Oregon is just plain strange .
I 'll start with Oregon 's all mail - in voting system before I tell you the really disturbing news about Kentucky .
In Oregon , 100 percent of votes are absentee , or mail - in , although citizens do have the option to take their mailed ballot to an elections office to drop it off .
OREGON'S SURPRISING ELECTION DATA * * Source : http://www.eac.gov/files...2006/Copy%20of%20eacdata(3).xls
( Excel spreadsheet , huge mamajama , allow time to download .
And see end of this article for tips on how to use . )
1 . EVER WONDER ABOUT SIGNATURE VERIFICATION ?
Here 's a little pop quiz :
Out of 1.4 million Oregon votes in 2006 , and knowing how people 's signatures change over the years , how many signatures would you expect to mismatch ?
ANSWER : Out of 1.4 million , the state of Oregon claims that 29 counties had ZERO mismatched signatures , and in the 10 remaining counties that reported mismatches , the grand total was ( drum roll please ) ..... 34 ballots .
Yes , out of 1.4 million , just 34 signatures did not match .
With those figures , it seems equally plausible that the dog's pawprint that made it through a couple election cycles in Washington State as would have fared just as well in Oregon .
Heck , a scribble drawing or a blob of spaghetti might work fine too , we just do n't know .
But what we do know is that according to data submitted by the state of Oregon to the EAC , Clackamas County had 146,968 ballots cast and not a single signature was too squiggly , scrawly or tilted to mismatch , and that Oregon has one of the lowest signature mismatch rates in America .
We 're not wanting to disenfranchise people , but accepting every signature that floats in the door may not be a good thing .
It puts extra pressure on the validity of the voter registration database and the postal delivery system , that 's for sure .
2 . FALSE : Oregon 's claim that forced mail - in voting gives them higher turnout figures is simply not true .
Oregon is squarely in the middle of the pack when it comes to voter turnout , when compared to the other 50 states in the same election .
3 . MIRACLE POST OFFICE : Oregon also has a remarkably , some would say impossibly effective postal service .
Here 's what I know : Black Box Voting does periodic mailings , and we consider a mailing of 8,000 pieces to be spectacularly large , for us .
Thirty - one of Oregon 's counties mail more ballots in every election than we ever do , yet they never seem to have ballots arrive late or flop around battered and bruised , to be returned months later .
That 's not our experience .
Some of our mailers arrive late , some probably not at all , and a few look like they 've taken a bruising trip to Mongolia before they belatedly return to us .
Yet out of 2.5 million ballots mailed out in the 2006 general election , Oregon reports ZERO ballots returned undeliverable , and only 54 reportedly came in after the deadline .
Oddly , 44 of those were in one county .
( Not Mulnomah , the biggest county , where Portland sits .
It was Washington County ) .
4 . VOTING MACHINES : Contrary to many citizens ' beliefs , Oregon uses computerized voting machines statewide , almost all ES&S scanners , and if you 'd like more information on the hackability of those , check out the EVEREST Report , choose the 334 - page Academic Report and look up Election Systems & Software .
Every component of the ES&S machines were found to be tamperable .
MOONSHINE MATH IN KENTUCKY
Kentucky never has accounted for its 2006 election math , as can be seen by examining the data reports published by the Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) in the above link . *
( * See end of this article for hints on how to use the two EAC Inspector Gadget obstructo - matic secret decoder rings needed to make sense of this file )
That file contains the raw data submitted by each secretary of state , with details right down to the number of absentee ballots in the wrong envelope and the reasons voters were taken off lists .
What it DOESN'T contain , however , is the number of votes counted in Kentucky in the 2006 General Election .
When you search the minimal information presented in news reports back then , you see a glimmer of a hint that Kentucky had a statewide voting computer meltdown in 2006 .
Kentucky submitted thousands of data points for the EAC 2006 survey for every one of its 120 counties but omitted --- you guessed it --- the votes .
Results have been posted on Web sites , but I find myself wondering , given the all - too - real 2006 meltdown of the voting tally system in 96 counties , whether people in the Kentucky Secretary of State 's office may have been reluctant to sign a federally required report committing to those very problematic results .
THE BULLITT COUNTY MISMATCH WENT STATEWIDE ...
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 9:35 pm PT ...
The founding mamas and papas often called the states " experiments " .
The idea was to allow variation , individualism in people , but also variation and individualism in the separate sovereign states .
We now have 50 " experiments " or ways of seeking freedom of expression , 50 " states " .
In a nation of honesty there must be at least 50 good , but different , ways to do elections honestly .
In a dishonest nation there must be " 50 ways to leave your lover " .
So until there is recognition and discussion in the EI movement as to the impact of all the diversity in ways of doing elections , other than to call different wrong ; and until there is recognition that there is really only one wrong way to do an election - dishonestly - I will remember that " progressives " have called for change for 45 years ( post # 1 ) , but the change that is called is really for it to be all the same ... " my way or the highway " .
In the final analysis , it does not matter if all votes must be cast into see - thru glass , or plastic , we will still have to trust those other states we can't go to .
Trust what someone else tells us from those other " experiments " .
Is that icky ?
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 9:48 pm PT ...
" We 'll Check " showed up for the first time to say : you and those anti-VBM folks are stretching it here .
I have some old parents that love the mail ballot concept and they wo n't be fooled by anyone .
Really ?
So how is it your lovely parents make sure that the op - scan counters back at headquarters count their vote accurately ?
Or at all ?
Or , for that matter , how do they know the Post Office even delivered the ballots to the county ?
While I appreciate the many reasons that some need to vote by mail / absentee , they should know the chances of it counting as equally as a ballot cast on paper at the polling place is diminished .
Further , if we used your " they love it " yardstick to determine whether it's a good voting system , then I guess it 's touch - screens for everyone , given the recent report that showed a vast majority of those who used touch - screens enjoyed doing so !
( Add pac -man to it , and they 'd love it even more !
Does n't mean their vote will be counted accurately on such systems , of course .
)
The other arguments are weak , too .
Wow , really ?
Speaking of weak arguments , get back to me when you got some other than that .
It 's weak .
There has been , is , and will be errors , fraud and immoral activities in all of the things where humans are involved until education and leadership at home and all political levels improves .
Nonesense .
There will always be errors , fraud and immoral activities no matter how much " education and leadership ... improves " .
That 's why , if you actually cared about accurate democracy ( which I do n't sense , given your rather Orwellian last graf there ) you 'd join me in fighting to assure transparency in the voting system so it does n't rely on anybody but we , the people .
I trust we , the people , far more than the private , secret corporations with no oversight , who you seem fine selling off our democracy to .
Count me out .
Thanks !
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 9:50 pm PT ...
And who is going to watch the magic ballot boxes ; who is going to insure the video cam is not switched to another transparent ballot box in a nanosecond ?
It is a transparent argument that says there can be no flaws in such a system .
Where there is dishonesty in the heart , theft will take place .
And who is going to report that they watched the boxes all day and all night ?
Forty cazillion transparent boxes ...
Someone you have to trust , that is who .
Someone who can be bribed or fooled in some way ?
Perfection election , in the final analysis , is someone ordering the rest to believe it was perfect or one of trust that it was perfect .
Stalin was a master at the former , but I prefer the American way , even tho it necessitates honesty and trust .
I know a McFeigner when I see one , they become corrupt by their own bullshit given enough time , and we know and write about who they are all the time .
With an honest bad ass press , and honest bad ass prosecutors , they go to jail .
So I expect the " my way or the highway " billshit to go on another 45 years in the EI " movement " whether elections are honest or not .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 9:52 pm PT ...
Dredd # 46 - I have never said " my way or the highway " .
There are many different ways to run transparent elections which can be overseen by the citizenry .
Many that I 'm sure I have n't even thought of .
I am fine with any of them , as long as they can be verified as accurate by any citizen who wishes to do so .
But only fully transparent systems allow for that .
Transparency is your key , because it relies on nobody to be honest .
In case you have n't noticed
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/20/2008 @ 9:59 pm PT ...
Brad sedd :
Further , I did not say that fines / jail time , etc. have proven to be good deterrents to Administrative election fraud , but rather , good deterrents to in - person polling place voter impersonation fraud .
Sorry Brad , " Administrative election fraud " does not appear in my post .
Your canard .
You still have to show why it would be a deterrent to the one , and not the other .
Or to either one for that matter .
And that can't be shown either .
Except that any of us can prove anything to ourselves .
So what ?
Again , it takes honesty ... hey ... I just thought of an election bumper sticker ... got Honesty ?
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:28 pm PT ...
SteveIl : Comment # 16 says " California Supreme Court travesty where 4 tyrants in black robes ( you erroneously referred to them as conservatives ) completely disregarded the 4.6 million people ( 61.4 % ) who voted to define marriage the way they did .
If that is n't anti-democracy , I do n't know what is . "
I thought the courts interpret the law , and they rule on what is right ... not what a majority of people say .
Right is right .
Right is n't always what the majority of people say is right .
Is that what " right " is ?
What the majority of people say that " right " is ?
I do n't think so !
The majority of people , 70 % , say Bush is doing a bad job .
So , let 's dump him then ...
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:32 pm PT ...
What business of it is yours ?
If 2 consenting gay people want to get married ?
How does this affect you ?
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:34 pm PT ...
Since much ink has been spent on Sen. Barack Obama 's troubles with the white work class vote - " [ it has been ] painted as a fatal flaw in his campaign , " as Keith Olberman noted - it is important to note that the Senator had big time success among that very constituency in Oregon 's primary on Tuesday .
White voters - the only ones in the exit polls because the state is so homogeneous - went to the Senator in overwhelming numbers .
In fact , every age group , except those older than 60 , preferred Obama to Sen. Hillary Clinton .
http://www.huffingtonpos...-obamas-wh_n_102792.html
Does this mean the GOP push for photo id is actually disenfranchizing McCain voters ?
( backfiring )
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/20/2008 @ 10:51 pm PT ...
Dredd @ # 50 sedd : Sorry Brad , " Administrative election fraud " does not appear in my post .
Your canard .
Wrong .
You spoke about " stolen elections " and " election fraud " , which are both largely distinct from voter fraud , as I 'm unaware of any election that has been stolen by voter fraud .
Administrative election fraud yes , but voter fraud ( of the sort we 've been discussing here of late , as in in - person polling place voter impersonation ) no .
You still have to show why it would be a deterrent to the one , and not the other .
Or to either one for that matter .
I 'm not saying it " would be " , I 'm saying that studies have shown it likely is a deterrent when it comes to voter fraud .
Since most voter fraud only nets you a single fraudulent vote , it 's kind dumb to risk years in jail and thousands in fines .
On the other hand , Election fraud ( eg. flipping an election with a push of a button on a central tabulator ) offers much greater possible gains , perhaps well worth the minimal risk of getting caught even .
Again , it takes honesty Cool , when you figure out how to ensure that , leap off the turnip truck , and let me know how it came about ( and how you can possibly know it will continue ) .
Until then , I 'll stick with the only thing that actually has a fighting chance of deterring fraud and / or making it exceedingly difficult to accomplish successfully : transparency .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/21/2008 @ 12:47 am PT ...
Hey I got an Idea , let 's attack each other and screw everything up and trip over our own pants while down .
Come on , we are all frustrated .
No reason to start shooting each other , I learned a lesson tonight .
VBM sucks , Mr. Postman can not be trusted any more than the friggin SOS .
WE ALL KNOW THAT .
Please stop fighting each other .
Most of us already had our # 1 candidates killed off early in this nonsense .
Why can't there be a focus on that ?
Whereas the corporate fascists pushed nonsense and the crap b0rked machines fscked up with yet more nonsense and no votes could be validated , and time delayed to investigate , which is frigging pretty well pointless cause no candidate has ever been removed from election fraud yet ( tell me I am wrong ) , because of invisible signals flop or flip , or cards were stolen or code stolen or rigged , or ballots were destroyed or rolls were purged , and all the while the corporate fascists just drooled with extacy with their pants down around their ankles spewing out lies and spin with commercials of light beer , lies from wall street and fake fluff news to smoke the whole thing up in a giant orgasm of greed .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/21/2008 @ 12:49 am PT ...
That smiling MF brit hume comes to mind .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean ( not in ) FL - 13 said on 5/21/2008 @ 1:16 am PT ...
AMEN , PHIL !
Ditto , ditto , ditto .
" Most of us already had our # 1 candidates killed off early in this nonsense .
Why can't there be a focus on that ? " ... adding : What DID happen in NEW HAMPSHIRE , my people ?
We 're falling off the log , jumping sharks .
Distracted and fractured -- saddens me no end .
And STEVEIL ~ you have every right to express your opinion , but methinks you doth protest the GAYS too much .
Telling .
Know any good show tunes ?
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/21/2008 @ 1:29 am PT ...
STEVEIL is a troll .
( no personal attack there ) Forget STEVEIL , EVIL , VEIL , STEAL .
I am talking about us regulars , the only folks that give a crap about this complete mathematical and physically impossible nonsense .
I am talking about the few of us that know the truth , and where we are headed if things do n't change real quick .
I am talking about fumbling and falling and nonsense that always seems to be timed perfectly to stop sanity and protection of the Constitution .
I am sick and tired of all the excuses , I am sick and tired of all the reasons .
It 's time to shine and shine our light LIGHTER than that crap ass LITE BEERS we been drinking and dulling down our senses with .
It 's time to stop tripping over our mistakes and schedule and plan our success instead .
It 's not just going to take a " foot in the door " although that is one way to start this , you got to be serious and fed up with the fed and everything else , you got to be willing to spend every waking hour to fight by hitting your representatives every frigging day with your opinion .
VOTING IS NOT ENOUGH ANYMORE .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/21/2008 @ 1:56 am PT ...
I just notice the term ( I just posted ) " voting is not enough anymore " could potentially fucking affiliate me with many groups out there that I do n't want to be affiliated with after I just searched that term .
I SAID that term in my own words with my own definition , I came to my own fucking conclusion , not affiliated with ANY URL or webpage or blog .
So take the homegrown terrorism bullshit and stuff it and a strunk and white up you ass Mr. FBI agent AND Mr. DHS who have done nothing about * real * ( like rush limbaugh telling people to attack the DNC ) domestic terrorists .
My definition is that it's so fucked up with candidates and voting , and corruption and loss of integrity , that it REALLY ain't enough to just vote and trust some fukwad candidates anymore .
Sorry if my language is harsh , you really would n't wanna hear me in your face now , and this actually filters it down to something that I think is acceptable for the public , since the fascist media and the FCC are one and the same at this point in the state of America .
They think the word fuck is bad , it 's just a word .
My intent is to not be pissed off , cause anger raises my blood pressure and that will kill me .
I been pretty cool about this lately .
Lowered 15 points off it . from 165 to 155 .
Using the DASH diet and out thinking these fascists .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/21/2008 @ 2:06 am PT ...
Think Weaser - Good Life
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/21/2008 @ 2:08 am PT ...
math is skewed 165 - 155 = 10 so 10 .
But in my mind it 's 15 !
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/21/2008 @ 5:26 am PT ...
Brad # 49 , # 54 Not so .
You fall back on transparency once again , which I criticize in post # 48 .
Why do people in some countries not lock their doors and their cops not carry guns ?
Because of honesty they do not need to .
Yes , I know Amurka is not that place ... they can't even be honest with themselves there .
In Amurka " transparency " is what they have now , and such transparency can be gamed as pointed out in # 48 .
So ... you want transparent transparent transparency ?
And you offer opinion as a counter to my deterrent argument .
Which you have supported only by " studies have shown " , and seem to forget some of your arguments ( to election officials ) in the past that it does n't work .
Knowing that for every study there is an equal and opposite " study " neutralizes your argument .
Bev Harris # 45
I have read the section of history concerning the people of the sovereign state of Oregon , and their desire to mandate votes by mail .
It would seem to me ( see post # 46 ) that a state has a right under our constitution to do mail voting .
Some Oregon groups agree :
League of Women Voters , Oregon League of Conservation Voters , AARP of Oregon , American Association of University Women , Oregon Common Cause , AFL - CIO Oregon , OSPIRG , NW Oregon Labor Council , Oregon Education Association , Special Districts Association of Oregon , National Association of Letter Carriers , Branch 82 , Oregon NARAL , Oregon Woman 's Rights Coalition , Oregon Public Employees Union , SEIU Local 503 , Oregon Fire District Directors Association ( Facts About Oregon VBM ) .
A holier than thou attitude and an " it could happen " argument is going to fall short of condemning this 1998 Oregon law in my opinion .
I say this because all the arguments against and for it were voiced during the campaign for and against it .
AND THE PEOPLE OF OREGON SPOKE , and Brad 's arguments were rejected by those people .
Even tho Brad 's arguments have merit , so did those who argued against his arguments .
And Brad lost that argument in the eyes of the voters in 1998 .
No extra charge for time travel ...
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/21/2008 @ 5:51 am PT ...
Phil # 58 " Voting is not enough " , because it is said of the bobbies of England , who do not carry guns , and the cops of America who do :
But opponents are convinced that more extensive arming of police wo n't help .
Police in the U.S. are almost always armed ; 230 died in the line of duty in 2001 , compared to about 70 in Britain in the last 30 years .
( Time ) .
At the time of the article , about two unarmed British police die a year , and 200 ARMED American police die each year .
Deterrent ?
No , simply habit .
Like our elections , since we are a very , very corrupt society , we have to do everything without considering honesty of character .
It never shows up at the debate .
But honestly , I never put transparent diapers on my kids or my grandkids ( the latter are half as old as the Oregon VBM law ) , because there are other ways to tell when they have " relieved themselves " or taken a cookie from the jar .
But here in Amurka , which is virtual prison filled with liars who hate honesty , I advocate any and all tools wardens in prisons use to do elections .
Yep , just imagine how you would do an election in a prison for the criminally insane and I think that sums up the EI movement 's position in Amurka .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... SteveIL said on 5/21/2008 @ 6:01 am PT ...
I hardly think I 'm in " desperation mode " ; in fact , this statement seems to indicate that I 'm not the one in " desperation mode " :
I predict that decision will be undone by one down the road .
It did n't say it was n't disenfranchisement , it said , essentially , that the petitioner did n't adequately make their case , and then left the future door wide open .
It 's always good to have hope .
I said :
As far as the California proposition is concerned , where is there discrimination ?
Same - sex couples get equal treatment before the law as married couples in California .
Calling it marriage does n't change that .
And then you came back with :
Of course it does .
You would n't be okay with a law that let everyone but people named Steve be married , right ?
Even if you were given " equal treatment before the law " ( which you would not be , under that circumstance ) .
You come back with " Of course it does . " , but do n't come back with anything as it relates to discrimination in California law , which has a very strong domestic partnership law that provides people in same - sex relationships with all the benefits and rights of marriage without it being called a marriage .
When I said that the gay lobby is looking for something special , you came back with " The same rights as everyone else . "
No , they already have equal protection under the law ; now they want more , something beyond the rights of " everyone else " .
As far as Viguerie , he 's right .
But being a Republican does n't equate to being a conservative , and those " Republican " judges on the CA Supreme Court acted like liberals , and issued a completely liberal ruling , making up the law , not enforcing it .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... ArchiCoot said on 5/21/2008 @ 6:34 am PT ...
One issue lightly addressed in this thread is the current lack of USPS mail security now that they have been privatized .... as a result of the unPatriot Act with der Homeland Security .
One personal example through observation ....
I consulted with the USPS in the 90's when mail security was so imperative that the mail was closely guarded by an Internal Affairs division using enclosed catwalks for visual observation plus CCTV cameras .
Last year I complained at my local PO that it appeared that my mail was being opened .
In the 90's and earlier the Postmaster would have initiated an investigation though USPS Internal Affairs to look into the allegation .
What happened to me was that the PO Supervisor publicly called out to my carrier my complaint and both publicly refuted my claim .
Calling attention to me and trivializing my complaint .
So ... welcome to privatization ... the new USPS policy for whistleblower complaints ....
Big Brother is watching .... and reading too it appears .
The mail is no longer secure and therefore neither are mailed in ballots .
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/21/2008 @ 8:06 am PT ...
The people of Oregon choose VBM by a large margin ( 757,204 to 334,021 ) .
ARE THE PEOPLE OF OREGON TERRORISTS ?
White voters - the only ones in the exit polls because the state is so homogeneous - went to the Senator in overwhelming numbers .
In fact , every age group , except those older than 60 , preferred Obama to Sen. Hillary Clinton .
Obama , in addition , won the majority of voters whose total family incomes where less than $ 50,000 as well as all income groups , save for the smallest : $ 15,000 to $ 29,999 .
Union households , moreover , went to Obama by a margin of 60 percent to 37 percent .
Clinton , as has traditionally proven the case , bested Obama among those Oregon voters whose highest level of education was a high school degree , by a margin of 53 to 44 percent .
But among Catholics , which have proven to be , perhaps , Clinton 's largest and most sturdy contingent of supporters , Obama actually did better : 49 to 48 percent .
( HuffPo , I ) .
McFeign a la campaign sedd that terrorists support Obama :
" BARACK OBAMA - THE CHOICE OF TERRORISTS " ( HuffPo , II ) .
Yep , gotta keep a close eye on the criminally insane McSame .
Gotta have transparency and all the other good stuff !
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 5/21/2008 @ 9:31 am PT ...
How can honesty be measured ?
When is temptation too much to resist and what was solid honesty become dishonesty .
It can't be measured , because time always moves forward .
You might move back in time and say , " this or that person was honest . "
And with that have a truthful measurement of honesty .
But you can't move forward in time and say , " this or that person will be honest . "
One might gamble that because this or that person was honest in the past they might be honest in the future , but that is still a gamble , a risk that is far from a given known value .
Honesty might be a virtue but a virtue can not always be depended upon in the future .
I suggest the following hypothetical situation .
An honorably discharged marine with medals of valor and purple hearts decides to apply for a job as a mail carrier .
His resume looks great , has discipline , has high security clearances , never went awol , pays taxes , no article 15's no LOR's , etc .
But as time goes on , this honest mail carrier notices the direction the country , notices the constitution being destroyed , he decides enough is enough .
For a month during the normal junk mail segment of the election , he quietly makes a list of who is a democrat , republican , independent , green , libertarian , etc .
After he creates this list he always brings a special plastic bag with him .
( In this hypothetical situation we 'll say he's a democrat )
So every time a VBM ballot comes from address 's blacklisted , he puts it in the envelope and removes it each day to be destroyed .
This not hard to do , it could simply be in his lunch bag .
As he appears to be honest and trusted nobody will be the wiser .
It does n't make Oregonian 's terrorists .
It makes the people that presented VBM initially dishonest as they did not fully disclose security problems in the idea in the first place .
Was it the printing of the bill , measure , or vote that was not forthcoming ?
Was it the corporate fascist media not doing their job again by not investigating this new idea ?
Did the people vote on the idea with electronic vote tabulation devices that were rigged ?
All of it is irrelevant at this point because now it 's the law of the land .
Shifting gears , some folks might leave their door unlocked in a country or location that they trust others , but they would be stupid to run an unpatched operating system with no firewall with all their personal information on it , connected to the web 27/7/365 .
They wo n't be robbed through their front door but invisibly via electronic signal .
All I ask here is that we not fight and trip each other up .
Is n't that what 's been happening already ?
We can't seem to agree on anything because the facts are never fully disclosed to begin with .
The Creekside Declaration does n't allow just plain blind honesty to protect the vote , it calls for those who do vote to become part of the process itself .
With the current state of information coming from corporate interests , such a philosophy is hard to swallow by those sucking down their beers and charging up on credit the latest gadget they see being advertised .
There is no forthcoming information about bad voting practices because there is no corporate broadcaster willing to discuss and investigate anything until after the next train wreck .
And even after that it 's still against their interests to shine a bright light down on the cesspool below .
To fulfill the spirit of " The Creekside Declaration " requires that corporate interests are nullified , and public access to programming content is used in such a way as to actually have real debate and full disclosure .
Voting is n't rocket science , but corporate fascists would have you believe it is .
They further obfuscate hard evidence by using physics and electronics that are invisible to humans , and too technical for Joe 6 - pack to begin to dissect .
Sure Joe 6 - pack might be able to take apart a wall clock and put it back together again , but not a voting machine .
He would n't even qualify to touch it with the bogus loyalist rules and regulations in place currently .
Flashing back ,
The mail man could have been a Republican , ditching democrat 's ballots just the same .
To blame Americans for the censorship and lack forthcoming information , and discussion and debate and label everyone terrorists is just pure nonsense .
The current state of America is not all the people 's fault , it 's because those with money and power bum rushed the doors and gates of liberty , justice , oversight and cleared and swept all traces of integrity out , replacing it with loyalists to continue to jam the gears of progress .
Now please , please , let 's not trip again .
It 's important to keep balance from here on out because one more trip might just be our last fall .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Gentry Lange said on 5/21/2008 @ 9:54 am PT ...
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Gentry Lange said on 5/21/2008 @ 10:12 am PT ...
Sorry the formatting did not come through like it did in the preview window .
{ Ed Note : I put some spaces in for you ... to make it more readable .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Kento Azegami said on 5/21/2008 @ 1:07 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Dennis said on 5/21/2008 @ 1:18 pm PT ...
Another way of looking at VBM is 100 % absentee voting .
I would hope that Oregon ( where I live ) has a system for counting votes that would hold up to the light of day .
It is very convenient , but you do have the potential for ballots being lost .
Not a problem for the voter because they can request a replacement , but mailing them is subject to handling problems by the Post Office .
But given the fact that they rarely lose anything and someone trying to " withold " votes would n't know what they were witholding , there 's little point .
There is potential for all or many votes from a county leaning an " unpreferred " way to disappear .
I like to drop my ballot off at a drop site to remove USPS from the equation .
I 'd like to see a system where someone voting by mail could register the fact that they were returning their ballot on a website that has appropriate safeguards .
The state / locality would then have a way to insure that every vote was received .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 5/21/2008 @ 5:13 pm PT ...
Mr. BradBlog does n't deserve to be attacked .
He facillitates dialogue .
Everyone is allowed to post , unless they willingly supply disinformation .
He 's done as much as anyone to publicize election integrity issues .
It 's the Ballot Definition File !!!
Wilms posted a link and excerpt from Michael Dean 's outstanding blogpost on election machine issues .
Then he wrote ,
Thanks to the author !
And , pardon Brad , but it 's about time !
Then Wilms added some smilies further inferring some kind of slam on Brad Friedman .
The posting at Democratic Underground is quite insidious .
That is fairly transparent at this point .
An election fraud debunker then showed up .
Instead of responding to that post , Bill Bored went after Brad instead .
Nice to see the Gray Lady finally covering election fraud , instead of just DREs !
It must be tough for Brad to be scooped like this .
Now he knows how NYT must feel .
Pretty soon they 'll be calling his blog " The Gray Lady " or , even worse , " The Blog of Record . "
Here 's another quote from my NOVEMBER 2005 POST : " They should start printing these ballot definition files on the sides of milk cartons !
After all , they are missing and exploited right ? "
Pithy huh ?
Keep on bloggin ' !
Melissa G
Ugh , I was starting to trust Melissa G because she had stood up to Mark Lindeman 's bullshit and his febble attempts to obfuscate election fraud .
{pun intended}
But in this thread , she gives a plug to the Verified Voting Foundation and " computer experts " who will provide us with paper trail audits and whatnot .
Maybe she just does n't understand that corporate whores do n't care what annoying citizens with hobby horses think .
There is an information war going on .
I think anyone who questions Brad should at least help him out against those who have been trolling him .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/21/2008 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Soc -
Only time to go on record for now to say that I know Wilms personally , and I know him to be a very good guy .
Ca n't speak for the others use mention , however .
Remember , just cuz someone may or may not agree w/ me from time to time , does not make them a bad guy .
Just a wrong guy
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 5/21/2008 @ 6:29 pm PT ...
I hear you .
People can research the archives from DU and Kos , use search engines .
The reader can decide about Lindeman , Febble , Kos , Kelvin Mace , Hertzberg , Anonymous Army , et al .
This has been an effective thread , because you spelled out exactly what is wrong with voting by mail .
You also have allowed others to add their own perspectives .
For example , one of the problems with vbm , what I now coin the Newman Principle { Seinfeld} , could be resolved by providing dropoff lock boxes for the votes .
There could be a chain of custody or whatever where these votes could be immediately counted , with full transparency .
Though , I do see your point of how the right to a secret ballot could still be corrupted .
All that money being wasted on war could be used to hire counters .
When we had the depression , FDR created programs with jobs to get the country working again .
I 'm sure there are a lot of good people who would be quite willing to help ensure that every vote gets counted .
My only fear is that the progressive side of the election integrity movement has been squeezed out of both the Democratic Underground and DailyKos .
Sure , you and other good jakes are still allowed at DU .
But there is also the noise machine which drowns out the progressive side 's insights into election fraud .
Seeing that the Democratic Underground has banned Bev Harris , John Dean , Kathy Dopp , and many others , it just does n't seem right that DU 's admins allow such ad hominem attacks to flourish without the chance for one to counter such ill - sourced ideas .
Here is Wilms from the second link above .
I will take your word that he is a good guy .
Yes , sometimes people can just be wrong on things .
Wilms on Kathy Dopp :
They make " as much sense as any of the other methods proposed " because they ARE the other methods !
I do n't know about Kathy presenting " The Election Archive Model (s ) ( c ) ( sic ) " on a number of different occasions , but she has published a number of different models .
Seems the MO is dissing other people 's work , then copying it , and then playing with the copyright dates to make it appear her work proceeded theirs .
In this case , she claims a 2007 " copyright " ( c ) ( sic ) while citing Aslam , Popa , and Rivest whose paper was not published until 2008 .
Now , by " presented " do you mean repeatedly showing up and making a scene at national election reform events ?
She 's needlessly knocked herself out of the loop .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Jenni Simonis said on 5/21/2008 @ 6:53 pm PT ...
As someone who has done signature verification at the county elections office , I think people are n't understanding the process .
You must sign the outside of your outer envelope .
On that envelope is your name , address , etc. as well as a bar code .
That bar code is scanned into the computer .
If more than one ballot comes in for you , it 's immediately flagged and all ballots cast are pulled .
The last ballot issued is the one that counts ( this happens mostly when people switch their party reg last minute and get two ballots ) .
Those ballots are then sorted by precinct and placed in batches .
You can pull up a batch on the computer , which shows you the signature for each voter .
You compare the signature on the ballot envelope to the one on the screen .
All signature checkers go through training by experts on how to tell if a signature is authentic before they can do this comparison .
If it does n't appear to match , you flag the ballot .
The ballot is then checked by supervisors .
If it still does n't match , the voter is notified .
This is where things like an old signature , hand injury , etc. come into play .
The voter has the chance to come into county elections , prove they are indeed the voter , and submit a new signature .
Their ballot with then indeed count .
This is why there are so few signatures at the end not matching .
People are pretty quick to rush into the elections office once contacted because they want their vote counted .
Believe me , there are plenty that go through the system .
Personally in 2004
I worked the front counter at Multnomah County Elections on multiple occasions where someone had come into the office because they were notified their signature had n't matched .
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 5/21/2008 @ 8:50 pm PT ...
Phil # 67
You ask " How can honesty be measured ? " , and in the context of this thread , we are talking about the people of Oregon and their mail in paper ballot system ( except for some admins who are talkin gay stuff - but they are gummit of de blog so they can dow whatever they want ) .
I would say honesty cannot be measured by accusations that Oregon Americans are out to lunch as a state for exercising their state uniqueness and individualism .
And BTW you are not quite accurate when you say :
" It makes the people that presented VBM initially dishonest as they did not fully disclose security problems in the idea in the first place "
You can go to the link I provided in post # 62 , which shows the people DID consider the security arguments , and then rejected them .
New Hampshire uses paper ballots , but as we saw , we have no idea if they have counted those paper ballots yet .
Oregon does not count only 20 % of the paper ballots ... of the mail in paper ballots , like NH does , instead they count them all .
The short and long of it is that honesty applies to criticism too , and unfair and unfounded criticism is not to be measured as fully honest .
Socrates # 74 I suggest that you read the Oregon statute as it addresses the issues you raise .
Never buy a pig in a poke , find out for yourself .
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/21/2008 @ 10:40 pm PT ...
Jenni Simonis # 75 -
If it came across otherwise in my original article above , I was not attacking Oregon 's VBM system specifically , but rather , the idea of VBM in general .
As I noted in the article , the success of OR 's program to date , is due in no small part to procedures put in place by Bradbury which may or may not be there in the future , and which may or may not ( probably not ) be in other states who chose to go with the same method .
That said , if a second ballot comes in from me , you say they discard the first .
How do they know which ballot that is if it 's already been separated from the outer envelope that had my signature on it ?
Are they able to find it due to the bar code ?
If so , ca n't they as easily find anybody 's ballot they wish , thus violating the privacy of the voter ?
Your answer and expertise is appreciated .
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 5/21/2008 @ 10:57 pm PT ...
Dredd # 76 - We 'll call this my last effort at helping you understand how you 've mis-considered your central thesis that " honesty " is the key to fair , accurate and verifiable elections , versus " transparency " as I have argued .
For a start though , please see my note to Jenni Simonis above .
My article was not to say Oregon was crazy or should abolish their VBM system .
It was to point out the problems with VBM in general .
Be it in Oregon , or more to the point , elsewhere were such schemes are being rushed into ( notably by Dems ) faster than they even rushed into e-voting .
That aside then ... I 'll offer you my one last argument to demonstrate just how offbase you are in your " honesty " argument .
After that , you 'll sink or swim as you please .
Hopefully you 've been around
The BRAD BLOG enough years that you 've come to know me a bit , who I am , after reading thousands of my words , likely hearing me yack for hours on end the radio and elsewhere to at least have some confidence in my " honesty " even if you may not always agree with everything I write here .
If so , then I 'm glad you believe me to be honest .
Hopefully enough that you 'd feel quite comfortable if I happened to be entrusted to Administer one of your elections down there ( which I 'd be honored to do ) .
However , I suspect that others , such as " SteveIL " above , or any other number of short - sighted , self - destructive wingnuts who parade through here to blow wind from time to time would not feel quite so comfortable in my " honesty " that they 'd want me to be the arbiter of their elections .
And , whether they know it or appreciate it or not , I agree with them .
I trust me implicitly .
I also happen to know I 'm about as honest ( self - destructively so ) as you 'll ever find .
But they probably do n't agree , and nor should they have to .
I am fighting as much for their right to participate in an election they can have full confidence in , as I am in fighting for one that I or you might have confidence in .
( You 're welcome , wingnuts . )
" Honesty " , however , does n't get us there .
Whether it exists or does n't .
What you may have " faith " in , others may not .
And I suspect we can agree that faith - based elections get us no where .
Only transparency gets us there , or at least gives us a fair shot at getting there anyway .
For me , you and wingnuts like " SteveIL " who may be wholly misinformed , but still gets to enjoy the rights offered by the Constitution , and the promise our American democracy .
We all deserve that , and thus , that 's what I will continue to fight for , whether you manage to see where you have gone wrong or not .
Peace .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... CH Swinford said on 5/22/2008 @ 10:22 am PT ...
As an Oregon voter , but not one directly involved it the vote counting process , I feel obligate to defend my state 's voting system .
Here 's a break - down of the objections : 1 ) Lack of Transparency -
Our votes are counted in courthouses and city halls .
They are public places and the Oregon Secretary of State works to ensure they are staffed with reliable people who watch out for each other .
2 ) Lack of Security -
Were you aware that stealing mail is a felony ?
This principal has been so thoroughly ingrained in our collective psyche that I do n't see a huge amount of “ lack of security ” as being a potential problem .
3 ) Voter Intimidation -
When I , or anyone else I know , vote I 'm in the privacy of my own home .
There 's no logical reason to take a ballot that the post office has delivered to my home and drive to “ churches or union halls with people looking over ” my shoulder .
Now , I wo n't discount the possibility of an abusive spouse intimidating someone to vote .
But that type of situation occurs whether people go to poling places with the abuser of votes at home , and should be addressed as a domestic abuse issue 365 days a year .
4 ) Election Fraud - Each and every ballot envelope in Oregon is signed , and each signature is verified before the vote is certified as valid .
I know this because I changed my signature without notifying the state about my change .
When I tried to vote , I received a letter telling me my vote had been disqualified and the procedures I would have to go through to change that decision .
5 ) Potential for Ballot Mishandling -
Yes , I know , who ever heard of the mail being slow or mishandled ?
But have you ever had your 1040 forms delayed on the way to the IRS ?
Think of the volume of mail each year on April 15 .
If thousands of mail - in ballots come into the post office in the same two weeks , the post office will be more than likely to shift them all into the same delivery bin .
6 ) Lack of Secret Ballot - Outside of the typical information that would differentiate a ballot , ( precinct , party registration ) no identifying information is on the Oregon ballot itself .
We place our ballots in a “ secrecy envelope ” which is placed inside another envel
The profound failure of inner-city public schools to teach children may be the nation 's greatest scandal .
The differences between the two Presidential candidates on this could hardly be more stark .
John McCain is calling for alternatives to the system ; Barack Obama wants the kids to stay within that system .
We think the facts support Senator McCain .
" Parents ask only for schools that are safe , teachers who are competent and diplomas that open doors of opportunity , " said Mr. McCain in remarks recently to the NAACP .
" When a ...
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A leading U.S. Senate Democrat accused the Bush administration on Tuesday of a “ cover - up ” aimed at stopping the Environmental Protection Agency from tackling greenhouse emissions .
In this file photo a U.S. flag flutters in front of cooling towers at the Limerick Generating Station in Pottstown , Pennsylvania May 24 , 2006 .
A leading U.S. Senate Democrat accused the Bush administration on Tuesday of a " cover - up " aimed at stopping the Environmental Protection Agency from tackling greenhouse emissions .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
“ This cover - up is being directed from the White House and the office of the vice president , ” said Sen. Barbara Boxer , the California Democrat who chairs the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee .
At issue is a preliminary finding by the EPA last December that “ greenhouse gases may reasonably be anticipated to endanger public welfare , ” according to Jason Burnett , the agency ’s former associate deputy administrator who appeared at a news conference with Boxer .
Such a finding would be an early step toward government regulation aimed at protecting public health .
Boxer said that unless EPA documents were released , it was likely that within the next two weeks her committee would try to subpoena the material .
She did not know whether Republicans on the panel would block the effort .
Burnett , who resigned on June 9 , told Boxer ’s committee the White House tried pressuring him to retract an e-mail in which he detailed the finding .
Burnett said he refused .
Democrats say that since then , the EPA finding has been left “ in limbo . ”
White House spokesman Tony Fratto said many federal agencies , departments and offices normally review any initiatives being developed to check for “ factual inaccuracies ” or “ discordant ” policies .
Without getting into specifics , Fratto said “ views are frequently discussed and worked out in ways that make sense . ”
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid , asked about the administration ’s actions , said , “ I do n’t know if that is criminal .
I doubt it .
OK .
But I know it is immoral . ”
“ The health of my grandchildren , my children and me are affected by this head - in - the - sand that global warming does n’t exist , ” Reid told reporters .
Boxer acknowledged she wanted to gather information so that the next administration could get a jump on global warming initiatives quickly after it takes office on January 20 , 2009 .
She has been trying since last October to obtain related documents to show that planned congressional testimony on global warming by Dr. Julie Gerberding , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , was censored by the Bush administration .
Boxer said Gerberding ’s testimony would have detailed the direct impact of rising global temperatures on human health , including mortality and the spread of disease .
Burnett told the congressional committee the administration ’s Council on Environmental Quality “ and the office of the vice president were seeking deletions to the CDC testimony . ”
He refused to say who in Vice President Richard Cheney ’s office was involved .
Responding to Burnett ’s charges , Fratto said , “ Jason Burnett is not the EPA administrator ” and that it was up to EPA chief Stephen Johnson to oversee environmental policy .
Asked at Tuesday ’s news conference about his support for Democratic candidates and whether he was trying to embarrass the Republican administration , Burnett said , “ Following the law and responding to the Supreme Court is not a partisan issue . ”
Last year , the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the Clean Air Act gives EPA the authority to regulate carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases .
In October , White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said Gerberding ’s draft testimony to Congress “ did not comport ” with science contained in an International Panel on Climate Change report and that “ a number of agencies had some concerns with the draft . ”
On Tuesday , Boxer said Gerberding ’s planned testimony , which has since been detailed in media reports , and the IPCC report “ matched identically . ”
PARIS — EBay said it would appeal a French court ’s order that it pay 38.6 million euros ( $ 60.8 million ) in damages to the French luxury goods company LVMH , the latest round in a long - running legal battle over the sale of counterfeit goods on the Internet .
LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton , a maker of high - end goods and fashion and luxury products , successfully challenged eBay for a second time in the French court , arguing that 90 percent of the Louis Vuitton bags and Dior perfumes sold on eBay are fakes .
The court ruled Monday that eBay , which earns a commission on the sales , was not doing enough to stamp out counterfeit sales .
The decision , while costly , is unlikely to have a drastic effect on the way eBay conducts business because it has already made changes to police its site for counterfeit goods .
As eBay moves to more fixed - price marketplaces , it wants access to brand - name products for the cachet and the revenue those brands can bring .
EBay said in a brief statement issued after the decision that the case went beyond counterfeiting to include manufacturers proscribing the territories in which its products could be sold .
Travel Trailer
Travel trailers are the tow - behind trailers you can connect to a standard trailer hitch and they range in size .
Some of them are huge ( 36 – 40 ft in length ) , some are modestly sized ( under 20 ft ) .
No special pickup connections required like a fifth - wheel trailer , but you will still need a solid towing vehicle .
The biggest advantage of traveling with a travel trailer is the ability to unhitch and use your towing vehicle unencumbered when you reach your destination .
These are an excellent option for people looking for a cost - effective traveling living space who are n’t interested in a full motorhome .
With so many sizes and floorplans available , there ’s a perfect travel trailer out there for you .
RubyFringe Shaping Up ; 6 Hours Left To Register !
By Peter Cooper
RubyFringe , a rather progressive and brave addition to the Ruby / Rails conference scene , taking place in Toronto , Canada in July will be closing its registration doors in just six hours .
When registration initially went live , four months ago , there were many complaints of the conference being overpriced , but despite this , only a handful of tickets ( certainly less than 20 , I 'm told ) now remain and an exciting schedule is shaping up .
A separate " track " for travel companions / significant others is taking place so that anyone can go to the conference without abandoning their loved ones while they geek out on Ruby all day .
As promised , RubyFringe has no sponsors and is focused not only on the cutting edge , exciting areas of Ruby , but on radical presentations and unheard - of levels of detail in the ancillary events .
Live music and entertainment is being provided , a brewery and an art gallery are being rented , and parties are taking place each night , with free bar and food throughout .
Some intriguing talks are already lined up from people such as Chris Wanstrath , Ezra Zygmuntowicz , Jeremy McAnally , Tobias Lütke , John Lam , Obie Fernandez and Geoffrey Grosenbach .
Lastly , a separate FailCamp being run by Amy Hoy and Thomas Fuchs will be taking place before the opening party .
More information to come soon from those guys .
It seems like this rather brave attempt at an unusual , high adrenaline Ruby conference is going to work out quite well , but even if it does n't , it appears it will provide a lot of significant talking points within the Ruby community in July .
If you 've been waiting to see who 's going or whether it would even go ahead , wait no more , go and register .
Update :
On a similar note , the registration for RailsConf Europe has just opened .
Oh , and The Ruby Hoedown ( Huntsville , Alabama in August ) too .
( Note : I wanted to post about this earlier , but a family emergency has put me out of action for several days .
This is why the Ruby Inside schedule has slipped .
I 'm getting back on top of it and wish to apologize for the gap .
Disclaimer : I have no financial connection to this conference . )
Christians Promote Holy , Hot Sex in Marriage People who have faith have better sex than swingers , says pastor .
May 9 , 2008  --
More evangelical couples -- once embarrassed and prudish about sex -- are now leaving their Christian inhibitions at the bedroom door .
For this growing group of younger , more progressive Christians , guilt is out and pleasure is in .
" We discovered that God 's word is holy and hot … filled with invaluable wisdom for our sexual relationship , " says intimateissues.com , one of the most popular Christian Web sites .
It is based on a 1999 book by the same name .
The Christian wife has come a long way , baby , as a variety of sex advice books with titles like " Intimacy Ignited , " " Gift - Wrapped by God " and " Satisfy My Thirsty Soul " are emphasizing the earthly as well as the heavenly side of love .
Pastors are sermonizing and sexologists are offering conferences to help couples overcome their guilt about a once - touchy subject .
And , they offer new translations of scripture to give biblical clout to their message .
" People carry a lot of guilt from parents who said sex is bad , " said the Rev. Kerry Shook of the Woodlands Church outside Houston .
" We help them to have a healthy sex life .
One of the things we cover in scripture is how to meet each other 's needs in bed . "
' Make Your Marriage Sizzle '
As pastor of the 15,600 - member , nondenominational church -- one of the largest in the nation -- he recently delivered a popular sermon titled " How to Make Your Marriage Sizzle . "
Shook and his wife paired culinary tips with a sex talk " just to grab their attention , " he told ABCNEWS.com .
" We were cooking beef burgundy with a reduction sauce with cameras from the top of the church .
We had a real talk about intimacy and marriage and the problems that come between couples . "
Tracy and Pat Flaherty , who have been married for 30 years , say that some Christians have warped views about sex .
" People think sex is just the missionary position thing , that you have to do it every Wednesday night at 8 , like good Christians , that 's what it says here , " Pat Flaherty told ABC News ' Sharyn Alfonsi .
" That 's not it at all .
God created sex between a husband and a wife to be cherished and to be exciting and that 's what it 's all about . "
The Flahertys say that the Bible and Shook 's Sunday sermons have guided them to a better marriage and a healthier sex life , but that their three teenage children have a slightly different view .
" They are freaking out , " said Pat .
" The word was , ' Please do n't embarrass us , ' " added Tracy .
Home pastors Paul and Lori Byerly of Salem , Ore. , dispense more sex advice than Playboy magazine on their Web site , TheMarriageBed.com .
Created in 1997 , the site covers topics like anal , oral and phone sex ; masturbation and role - playing ; fetishes ; bonding ; and spanking .
" We had a great marriage , but a terrible sex life , " Paul Byerly told ABCNEWS.com .
The couple talks openly about their inability to enjoy sex because of Lori 's history of sex abuse and his involvement in pornography .
The couple , now happily married for 23 years , advises their readers to embrace anything that is consensual to achieve " intense physical pleasure … deep emotional interaction and connection … and a spiritual union . "
Sex has come slowly out of the Christian closet .
One of the first books to address the issue was Marabel Morgan 's " The Total Woman , " which sold more than 10 million copies to women of all religious persuasions , making it the best - selling nonfiction book of 1974 .
" The Act of Marriage " -- a sex manual for evangelicals written by Tim and Beverly LaHaye in 1976 -- was the first to promote the idea that sex can complement , not undermine , a marriage .
Ed Wheat 's 1977 " Intended for Pleasure " urged women to give to their husbands with a smile and included tips on achieving maximum pleasure .
Baker Books , the Christian publisher that still carries
Wheat 's classic , also lists some new titles , including " The Spark : Igniting the Passion , Mystery and Romance in Your Marriage , " which has sold more than 6,500 copies since January .
" What I see and read in both my job and out is an increased maturity in looking at sex , " said Adam Ferguson , a Christian and publicist for Baker Books .
" It is discussed with more realism and candor . "
' Sex Is a Gift '
This new genre puts less emphasis on grin - and - bear - it submission and more on mutual pleasure .
Evangelical ministers say the church should play a role in spreading the good word .
" Sex is a gift , a good thing , " said the Rev. Adam Hamilton , pastor of the 14,000 - member United Methodist Church of the Resurrection in Leawood , Kan .
" God allows you to have pleasure , " Hamilton told ABCNEWS.com .
" That 's how he designed your body .
Once you learn it 's a gift from God , you embrace it and lay aside the shame . "
After conducting an anonymous survey of 2,400 of his parishioners , Hamilton wrote " Making Love Last a Lifetime , " concluding that marriage suffers when couples lack sexual intimacy .
" We are such an overly sexualized society with everything you watch on TV , " said Hamilton .
" Somebody 's got to talk about it . "
The pastor announces these talks in advance so parents who are squeamish can send their kids to Sunday school .
Still , Hamilton says even the children can benefit from a good sex talk .
Love , Christian - Style
" Do you want all of their learning to come from the playground or shaped by what the scripture says in the context of the church where we talk about love and fidelity and mutuality and justice ? " he asked .
The scripture is exactly where more Christians are turning to spark discussion about the subject .
Old Testament stories involving Adam and Eve and Sarah and Abraham are bringing life to sexual discussions .
Hamilton said a new translation of the Hebrew word " paradise " suggests more earthly than heavenly overtones .
Though many churches still consider sex " prurient and fleshly and not to be discussed , " Hamilton said a more open discussion is actually strengthening marriages .
" Folks who are married and people of faith tend to have more sex , more often than people who are swingers . "
That message seems to be catching on , largely with women .
About 800 of the 2,000 Sunday - going regulars signed up for an October conference at Wisconsin 's Appleton Alliance Church .
" Sex is something we should be talking about in the Christian community , " said Judy Episcopo , director of the Appleton women 's ministry .
" Except for the negatives -- do n't do this and do n't do that -- the Bible has a lot of good things to say about sex and God wants us to have a passionate , successful sex life .
This conference can help inspire it . "
The program is based on the books of Linda Dillow and Lorraine Pintus -- " Intimate Issues " and " Intimacy Ignited " -- who celebrate the Bible 's " Song of Solomon , " which reinforces the message that sex is not just for procreation .
In some retranslations of the passage , the word " embrace " might mean " fondle , " according to the authors .
They even suggest the line , " let my beloved come into his garden , and eat his pleasant fruits , " is a veiled reference to oral sex .
" Sex is such an important part of what we believe , " said Episcopo .
" There 's a lot of guilt and pain and complacency about sexual relationships and a lot of ignorance about exactly what the Bible says about sex . "
Bible as Sex Guide
Episcopo first thought about such a conference after reading the book in 1999 , but concluded " my women were n't ready for a weekend on sex . "
But this year -- with the average age of her church - going females at 40 -- she decided the time was right .
Using the Bible as their guide , women answer , among other things : " How can I be both sensual and godly ? "
" What does the Bible have to say about sex ? "
" Is it possible to get beyond the pain of sexual abuse ? " " How do I get over my guilt ? " " How do I make sex go from boring to sizzling ? " and " Does the Bible have any suggestions ? "
Interestingly , some of her participants are single .
" We try to give them a vision for sex but to remain pure , " she said .
" Sexual relations are sacred and it's important to keep for marriage . "
That and some other subjects -- adultery , homosexuality , bestiality , prostitution and incest -- are still taboo , even in ministries that talk about sexual relations .
But , according to Melanie Wells , a Dallas psychotherapist and Christian , that is because God says wielding power over another is wrong -- even in a marriage .
" I try to deal with marriage as citizenship , as a democracy with one man and one vote , " she said .
" You have to register , know the issues and vote your conscience .
If you do n't do that , you abdicate the power and responsibility and that 's a cop out . "
Too often , according to Wells , Christian attitudes toward sex have " squeezed the life out of people , and it happens sexually , too . "
In her practice , Wells tries to change the conversation about sex from physical obligation to emotional intimacy .
Some couples still struggle .
" It 's a real hard shift for people mentally to go from an entirely prohibited activity to do it all the time , " she said .
Wells is also critical of Christian attitudes toward premarital sex , which she argues encourages teens to marry young out of guilt .
She also veers from the standard position on homosexuality .
" I do n't generally get involved in correcting people 's behavior or orientation , " Wells said .
" They have heard all of that before they get to me .
They do n't need another lecture and it's not any of my business . "
Truth and openness in one 's sexuality is important , she argues .
" Christ can certainly handle that . "
Solazyme Hopes to Mass - Produce Algae Biodiesel in Three Years
August 20th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
I ’ve often thought that algae could be one of the keys to our energy future , and now I ’m more convinced than ever .
In a conference call earlier today , Solazyme CEO Jonathan Wolfson said that his company is capable of producing millions of gallons of biodiesel derived from algae within 3 years .
Solazyme is the first company to produce algae diesel that meets US standards , but until today their production timeline was unknown .
“ The technology is moving a lot quicker than some people would expect , ” Wolfson said .
Most companies working with algal fuel grow algae in open ponds , harvest the plant , and squeeze the oil out , but Solazyme takes a different approach .
The company grows algae in the dark in large tanks by feeding it with biomass .
The algae then eat the biomass and turn it into natural oils .
According to Wolfson , the logic behind this approach is that it works with the existing biofuel infrastructure .
“ We produce oils on the fuel side that can go straight into the refining structure , ” he said .
With so many fuel technologies having excruciatingly long timelines , it ’s encouraging to see a company working on the fast track .
Posts Related to Algal Fuel :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
実生活でなかなか出会いが無いという方に人気の「出会い系アプリ」たち。
ネットの普及と共に現代的な出会いの場として認知され始め、出会い系アプリを利用するユーザーは年々増えてきています。
特にここ数年でユーザーのニーズが多様化し、出会い系アプリの種類も爆発的に増えました。
ひとくちに出会い系といっても、アプリごとに「○○な人におすすめ」「○○な人向け」という特色が設定されているのです。
出会い系アプリを利用するなら、まずは自分が「どんな出会いを求めているのか」という目的を再確認しておくとよいでしょう。
どんな出会いを求めるかによって、利用すべき出会い系アプリの種類が異なってくるからです。
ここでは出会い系アプリを利用する主な目的を3タイプに分けてみました。
自分の目的がどのタイプに近いか確認して、最も適した出会い系アプリを見つける手助けにしてください。
1.遊び相手が欲しい方の出会い系あぷりの選び方
出会い系サイトユーザーには「遊び相手」を探しているという方も多いでしょう。
いわゆるセフレやワンナイトラブの相手…交際や結婚は考えず、その場限りの関係を認めてくれる女性を探しているというケースです。
出会い系アプリを使って遊び相手を探しているのは、何も男性だけではありません。
女性だって欲求不満を解消するために、出会い系アプリを使って肉体関係だけの相手を探していることがあります。
そしてそういった女性は、きっとアナタが考えている以上に多いとさえいえるでしょう。
あくまで傾向ですが、ユーザーの年齢層が若い出会い系アプリには遊び相手を探している男女が多いです。
セフレやワンナイトラブの相手を探したい場合は、そういったライトな出会い系アプリを選ぶとよいでしょう。
遊び目的の出会い系アプリランキングはこちら
2.恋人が欲しい方の出会い系アプリの選び方
出会い系アプリを使う目的で最も多いのが「恋人探し」ではないでしょうか。
最近では出会い系アプリでの恋人探しを「恋活」なんて言い方をすることもありますね。
遊びの関係ではなく、出会った相手と真剣に交際したいという方はかなり多いです。
恋人探しに適した出会い系アプリには真面目な女性が多く、こちらも誠実に対応することで恋愛を発展させることができます。
「 結婚を前提として…」というほど重苦しくなく、「後腐れのない関係…」というほど軽薄でない出会いを求める方はこちらです。
女性と出会いたいとは思いつつ、それほど決まった目的は無いという方もとりあえず恋人探し向けの出会い系アプリを選んでおいてOKです。
恋活出会い系アプリランキングはこちら
3.結婚相手を見つけたい方の出会い系アプリの選び方
最近は出会い系アプリを使って「婚活」を行う方も増えてきています。
婚活パーティやお見合いといった従来の手法に比べ、少ないコストで多くの異性と出会える方法として出会い系アプリが注目され始めているのです。
「 婚活向け」と明言されている出会い系アプリには、やはり「結婚を前提としてのお付き合い」を求める女性が多いです。
もちろんそこで出会ったからといった必ず結婚しなければならないというわけではありませんが、ある程度は将来を見据えて利用するのがベターだといえます。
結婚相手を見つけるのに適した出会い系アプリは、比較的年齢層が高いのも特徴ですね。
なかには10代～20代の利用が制限されているアプリもあるくらいなので、婚活目的で出会い系アプリを利用するなら規約をしっかり確認しておきましょう。
婚活出会い系アプリランキングはこちら
理想の相手と出会うには優良な出会い系アプリを見つけることが大切！
おすすめの出会い系アプリをご紹介する前に、まずはとても重要なポイントをお教えしておきましょう。
出会い系アプリを利用するときに最も大切なことは「自分に合った優良アプリを選ぶこと」だということです。
一見当たり前のことのようにみえますが、 「 自分に合った優良アプリを選ぶこと」が出来ていないせいで失敗するユーザーはかなり多いんです。
適当に登録してしまったせいで性格の合わない人ばかりのアプリに来てしまった…だとか、無料につられて運営元不明のアプリを使ってみたら高額請求の被害に遭った…なんてケースが後を絶ちません。
出会い系アプリはかなり多様化しているため、決して「どこでも同じ」ではありません。
ユーザーの平均年齢が20代という出会い系アプリに50代男性が登録してしまえば当然浮きますし、交際どころか高確率で相手にもされないでしょう。
婚活目的の人が多いアプリで「セフレ募集！」なんて言い出したらひんしゅくを買いますし、運営側からアカウント削除されても文句はいえません。
出会い系アプリにはそれぞれ特色があり、あらかじめ「自分に合っているアプリか」を確認しておかなければ良い出会いに恵まれることはありません。
理想の異性と出会えるかどうかは、「アプリ選び」の段階で決まってしまうといっても過言ではないのです。
また、そのアプリが 「優良アプリか悪質アプリか」ということも確実にチェックしておかなければなりません。
最近は安全性の高い優良出会い系アプリが増えてきていますが、残念ながら未だに詐欺まがいの悪質アプリがいくつも存在しているからです。
「 完全無料！」という甘言に釣られて登録してしまうと、あとから架空請求や個人情報流出に悩まされる結果になるかもしれません。
優良な出会い系アプリはたいてい身元のハッキリした企業によって運営されているビジネスなので、まず「完全無料」ということはあり得ないと考えてください。
無料だからといって悪質アプリを使っても異性に出会えないどころか、思わぬ犯罪に巻き込まれる可能性すらあるので注意しましょう。
優良アプリと悪質アプリの見分け方は？
悪質サイトに引っかかるのが怖くて、なかなか出会い系アプリの利用に踏ん切りがつかないという方もいると思います。
しかしいくつかのポイントを知っていれば、優良アプリと悪質アプリの区別は簡単につくので心配する必要はありません。
一番大切なポイントは 「 運営元がハッキリしているか」をチェックしておくことです。
優良アプリは必ず警察に 「インターネット異性紹介事業」の届け出を行っており、運営元を明示した上で出会い系アプリの運営を行っています。
ネットで検索してみれば、運営元がしっかり届け出を行っているか、会社名や所在地を明らかにしているかといった情報は簡単に出てきますので事前に調べてみましょう。
検索しても全く運営元が出てこない場合や、運営元が会社名ではなく以下の画像のように個人名になっている場合は悪質アプリの可能性大です。
そして 「年齢確認があるか」というのも優良アプリと悪質アプリを見分ける重要なポイントです。
警察から 「インターネット異性紹介事業」の許可を得るためには全ユーザーの年齢を確認する必要があり、これを怠っているアプリは無許可運営の悪質アプリだと断言できます。
稀 に 「 出会い系アプリではなくSNS」ということで年齢確認ナシのサイトがありますが、このあたりはグレーゾーンなのでご利用は自己責任で。
優良な出会い系アプリの料金の相場は？
出会い系アプリの相場を知っておくと、法外な値段を請求してくる悪質アプリを見破る手段にもなります。
「 利用しすぎて思わぬ高額請求が…！」なんてことにならないよう、あらかじめ優良アプリの料金相場を知っておきましょう。
利用条件にもよりますが、出会い系アプリには月々3,000円～5,000円はかかるとみておくのがベターです。
もちろんアプリごとに価格設定は違いますが、1ヵ月5,000円を大きく逸脱しない限りは相場の範囲内だとみてよいでしょう。
ただしこの金額は男性ユーザーの相場であり、女性ユーザーは利用料無料に設定されているアプリが多いです。
また出会い系アプリには、大きく分けて「定額制 」
と「ポイント制」の2種類の料金システムがあります。
一概にどちらが良いとは言えませんが、それぞれメリット・デメリットがありますので自分に合った料金システムのアプリを探すとよいでしょう。
どれだけ使っても一定の 「 定額制 」
毎月どれだけ使っても料金が変動しないのが「定額制」です。
メールを何通送っても、相手のプロフィールを見続けても、1円たりとも追加請求がありません。
月額性のアプリは基本的に先払いなので、使い過ぎて後悔することが無いというのも嬉しいですね。
価格設定はアプリごとに異なりますが、だいたい1ヵ月4,000円くらいが定額制アプリの相場です。
ただし数ヵ月分の料金をまとめて先払いすると1ヵ月あたりの料金が安くなることが多く、アプリによっては12ヵ月分まとめて支払うと半額以下になるというケースも。
ポイント制に比べて料金を抑えやすく、残高を気にせず使い倒せるのが定額制アプリのメリットです。
デメリットは、先払い制なので途中でやめてしまってもお金は返ってこないということくらいですね。
使いたい分だけ課金する 「 ポイント制 」
使いたい分だけ課金して使えるのが「 ポイント制」です。
「 メー ル1通5ポイント 」 「プロフィール閲覧1ポイント」といったように、アプリ内の機能を使うたびに少しづつポイントが消費されていきます。
ポイントが足りなくなったらその都度買い足すことができるので、出会い系アプリを最小限だけ使いたい方におすすめの料金システムです。
1ポイントあたりの価格はアプリごとに異なりますが、相場は1ポイントあたり10円くらいだと考えてください。
課金式なので使い過ぎると料金がかさんでしまうのがポイント制のデメリットですが、「無料でポイントをGETする方法」が設定されているアプリが多いことも魅力。
ログインボーナス等で無料ポイントをGETすることで、あまりお金をかけずにポイント制出会い系アプリを使いこなす上級者も多いです。
目的に合わせて選ぶ！人気出会い系アプリおすすめランキング！
いよいよここから 「 出会い系アプリおすすめランキング」のご紹介です！
ユーザーの趣味嗜好に合わせた出会い系アプリをご紹介するため、当サイトでは「目的別」に分けておすすめランキングを作成しています。
今回は、以下の目的別4パターンのランキングをご用意いたしました！
各ジャン ル のTOP3はどれも安全性＆成功率にすぐれた優良サイトとなっておりますので、気に入ったアプリがあればぜひ公式サイトにアクセスしてみてください！
遊び相手が欲しい方向け人気出会い系アプリおすすめランキング
セフレやワンナイトラブなど、遊び相手が欲しい方におすすめの出会い系アプリTOP3です。
本気で恋愛したい方よりは、後腐れのないライトな関係を求めているユーザーが多いアプリなので気軽に利用できます。
また、飲み友達や話し相手といった肉体関係ナシの遊び相手を探すときにも人気のアプリです。
1位 ：PCMAX（ピーシーマックス）
PCMAX は累計登録者 数1,000万人を超える国内最大級出会い系アプリです。
出会い系アプリとしては珍しく「優良アプリ」としてTV番組で紹介されたこともあり、知名度＆安全性ではトップクラスのアプリだといえます。
ananやeggといった有名な女性誌に広告が載ることも多いため、会員の女性比率もやや高めです。
PCMAX の公式サイトへ 【18 禁】
PCMAX （ピーシーマックス）の特徴
1.お金の絡む出会いは厳しく取り締まってくれる
PCMAXはセフレやワンナイトラブといったライトな出会いを求めるユーザーが多い出会い系アプリです。
しかし運営側が 「 パパ活 」 や「援助交際」といったお金の絡む出会いには厳しい規制を行っているため、ライトだけどクリーンな出会いを求めたいという方に勧めたい出会い系アプリになっています。
2.アクティブユーザーが多い
いくら累計登録者数が多くとも、実際には過疎化が進んでいて使い物にならないアプリもあります。
その点 、PCMAXならアクティブユーザーが50万人規模で存在しているので退屈する心配はないといえるでしょう。
3.年齢層
PCMAXの年齢層は、女性ユーザーのほうが低い傾向にあります。
男性ユーザーは20代～50代までバランス良く登録しているのに対し、女性ユーザーは10代～20代がメイン会員層になっています。
歳の差を気にしないタイプの女性も多いため、自分よりも若い女性が好みだという男性にとっては都合の良いアプリですね。
4.料金
女性：完全無 料
男性：ポイント 制
ポイント：50ポイント＝500円～
PCMAXの料金は 「 ポイント制」となっています。
レートは1ポイントあたり10円なので、他社アプリの相場と比べても平均的であるといえます。
ただし 、PCMAXは不定期で 「特別レートキャンペーン」を行うことがあり、キャンペーン中は3,000円で390ポイント手に入ったりするので見逃さないようにしましょう。
5.無料で使える機能
・異性の検 索
・プロフィールを更新する
・お気に入り追 加
・メールの閲 覧
・メールに写真を添付（送信は有料）
・お知らせメール設 定
・日記機能（感想メールは有料）
6.いくら課金すれば出会える？
PCMAXの価格設定は良心的なので、出費は比較的安く抑えられると思います。
女性のプロフィールを閲覧するのに1ポイントかかってしまう分ハッピーメールよりは若干コストがかかりますが、とはいえ1回10円の差なのでさほど負担にはならないでしょう。
使い方にもよりますが、月に3,000円分くらいのポイントがあれば問題なく使いこなせるサイトです。
7.Facebook連携はある？
PCMAXは電話番号だけでなく 、Facebookのアカウントを使っても登録することができます。
ただし 、Facebookアカウントを使ったからといって本名で登録されるわけではないので、友人や知人にバレる心配はいりません。
厳密に はFacebook連携型のサイトというわけでもないので、気が進まない方はFacebookと繋がなくても全然OKです。
8.PCMAXに向いている人
1.ライトな出会いを求める出会い系サイト上級者
2.交際相手よりもセフレを作りたい方
3.安心して使える出会い系サイトを求めている方
★ 3つの条件に当てはまる人 はPCMAXへGO !
PCMAX は会員数1,000万人を超える大規模サイトですが、セフレ探しで使う方も多いため少し上級者向けです。
ただし安全性にかけては国内トップクラスのアプリでもあるので、少しコツを覚えれば初心者でもイイ思いができるはずですよ。
使い方もシンプルなので、気になる方はぜひ公式サイトにアクセスしてみてください。
PCMAX の公式サイトへ 【18 禁】
PCMAX の詳細はこちら
2位：ハッピーメール
ハッピーメールは、国内最大級の出会い系アプリです。
累 計1,900万人以上という圧倒的な会員数の多さを誇り、都市部だけでなく地方でも使える出会い系として人気を博しています。
出会い系サイトにおいて会員数の多さはそのまま出会える確率の高さに繋がるため、ハッピーメールは「ちゃんと出会える出会い系」の代表格として親しまれています。
ハッピーメールの公式サイトへ【18禁】
ハッピーメールの特 徴
1.利用目的はメル友～セフレ探しまで広め
ハッピーメールは会員数が多いアプリだけに、ユーザーの利用目的も様々です。
メル友を探している方、飲み友達を探している方、セフレを募集している方などなど…
全体的にライトな目的が多いものの、幅広い利用目的に使えるアプリだといえます。
2.システムが優秀なので相手を探しやすい
ハッピーメールでは、身長・体重・性格など細かい条件で好みの異性を検索することができます。
顔写真から相手を選択するプロフ画像検索や、占いで相性の良い人を見つける占い検索などもあるので、相手探しに困ることはありません。
飲み友達や恋人を探している方は「ピュア掲示板」、セフレを探している方は「アダルト掲示板」とユーザー間の住み分けがキッチリしているのも高評価ポイントです。
3.年齢層
ハッピーメールの女性ユーザーは、20代が最も多くなっています。
10代～20代だけで全体の6割ほどになり、40代を超える女性ユーザーは少数派です。
一方、男性ユーザーの年齢層はやや高めになっています。
男性の場合は30代が最も多くなっており、40代～50代のユーザーも決して少なくありません。
4.料金
女性：完全無 料
男性：ポイント 制
ポイントレート：100ポイント＝1,000円～
ハッピーメールの料金はポイント制になっています。
1ポイントあたり10円で購入でき、メール送信等にかかるポイントも相場通りです。
無料で使える機能が他社アプリに比べて多めなので、上手く活用すればかなり課金額を抑えられると思います。
5.無料で使える機能
・掲示板投稿（1日1回まで）
・ハッピー日記（全機能使い放題）
・検索からプロフィール閲覧
・足あとからプロフィール閲覧
・メールの受 信
・受信したメールの閲 覧
6.いくら課金すれば出会える？
ハッピーメールではメールやプロフィールの閲覧でポイントを消費しないので、ポイント制のアプリにしてはコストが少なく済みます。
最もポイントを消費するのがメール送信（5ポイント）なので、使う金額は「出会うまでに何通メールを送ったか」によって変動します。
とはいえ100通送っても500ポイント（約5,000円分）なので、月に2,000円～3,000円程度の課金でも出会いのチャンスは充分にあるといえるでしょう。
7.Facebook連携はある？
ハッピーメールは 、Facebookアカウントを使って登録することも可能です。
ただし電話番号のみで登録することも可能ですので、何となく嫌だという方は無理にFacebookアカウントを使う必要はありません。
8.ハッピーメールに向いている人
1.メル友からセフレまで「ライトな出会い」を求める方
2.女性は20代前後、男性は30代前後の方
3.出会いのチャンスが多いアプリを選びたい方
★ 3つの条件に当てはまる人はハッピーメールへGO !
上 記3つの条件に当てはまる方は、ぜひハッピーメールの利用を検討してみてください。
ハッピーメールは無料会員のままでもある程度の機能が使えるので、ひとまずアカウントを作って使い心地をチェックしてみてください。
ハッピーメールの公式サイトへ【18禁】
ハッピーメールの詳細はこちら
3位：イククル（194964 ）
イククルは、ハッピーメールやPCMAXと並ぶ国内最大級の出会い系アプリです。
累計登録者数1,000万人以上で、平成12年から運営を続けている老舗出会い系でもあります。
業界では珍しい 「キャッシュバッカー禁止制度」を設けているため、キャッシュバッカー相手にポイントを無駄遣いせずに済むのがイククルの魅力です。
イククルの公式サイトへ 【18禁】
イククルの特 徴
1.SNSのように気軽に使える仕様
イククルには日記機能・動画投稿機能・掲示板機能などが備わっており、出会い系アプリというよりもSNS代わりに利用しているユーザーがいます。
そのため女性が気軽に利用できるサイトとして人気を博し、交際や結婚を意識したユーザーよりも軽めの出会いを求める方が多い傾向にあるようです。
2.匿名性の高さがウリ
イククルは匿名性が非常に高いアプリで、身バレのリスクを減らしたい方におすすめです。
必要な手続きは年齢確認くらいのもので、電話番号やメールアドレスすら使わずにアカウントを作れるという数少ない出会い系サイトです。
3.年齢層
イククルは老舗出会い系とあって、10年以上も昔から利用し続けているというユーザーも少なくありません。
メインの会員層は10代～20代ということになってはいますが、30代～50代の女性も普通に利用しているのがイククルの特徴です。
もちろん男性の年齢層も幅広いので、それほど自分の年齢を気にせずに使えるアプリだといえるでしょう。
4.料金
女性：完全無 料
男性：ポイント 制
ポイント ：100ポイント＝1,000円～
イククルの料金は、他社と比べても決して高くありません。
料金システムには 「ポイント制」を採用しており、レートも1ポイントあたり10円と良心的です。
しかもポイントを一定額以上まとめ買いすると付与されるポイントが2倍以上になるシステムがあり、3,000円分購入するだけで600ポイントもらえるのでかなりお得です。
5.無料で使える機能
・掲示板への書き込 み
・掲示板への返事閲 覧
・異性のプロフィール閲覧
・マイページの編 集
・日記機能（全機能使い放題）
・コミュニティに参 加
・画像や動画の投 稿
6.いくら課金すれば出会える？
イククルの良いところは、SNSのように使っているだけで女性と関わりが持てることです。
掲示板を閲覧するのにはポイントがかかりますが、掲示板に書き込むのは無料なのでどんどん書き込んで自分をアピールしましょう。
無料機能を使ってアプローチができるため、他社サイトに比べて料金を安めに抑えることが可能です。
3,000円分ほどのポイントをまとめ買いしておけば、1～2ヵ月は追加料金ナシで楽しむこともできます。
7.Facebook連携はある？
イククルの利用 にFacebookとの連携は必要ありません。
非常に匿名性の高い出会い系サイトで、電話番号やアドレスの登録すらしなくてOKです。
8.イククルに向いている人
1.幅広い年齢層の女性とライトに出会いたい方
2.SNSのように気軽に使えるサイトが好きな方
3.キャッシュバッカーの相手はしたくない方
★ 3つの条件に当てはまる人はイククル へGO !
イククルはちょっとした遊び感覚で使えるのが魅力的なアプリです。
出会い系アプリを使うことになんとなく引け目を感じている方でも、SNSを使うように気軽に登録できてしまいますよ。
気負う必要は全くありませんので、興味のある方は公式サイトにアクセスして雰囲気だけでもチェックしてみてください。
イククルの公式サイトへ 【18禁】
イククルの詳細はこち ら
遊び相手が欲しい方向け人気出会い系アプリおすすめランキングTOP3の比較表
１ 位 ２ 位 ３ 位 PCMAX
ハッピーメー ル
イクク ル
会員数 1000 万人 1700 万 人 1000 万 人 登録料 無料 無料 無料 料金 女性：無 料
男性：ポイント課金制 女性：無 料
男性：ポイント課金制 女性：無 料
男性：ポイント課金制 良い口コミ 特に多い 非常に多い 普通 総合評価 詳細 詳細はコチラ 詳細はコチラ 詳細はコチ ラ
恋人が欲しい方向け人気出会い系アプリおすすめランキング
恋人を探したい方に最適な出会い系アプリのTOP3です。
ここでご紹介するアプリは、どれも「真剣に交際相手を見つけたい！」という女性に人気を博しています。
真面目な女性ユーザーが多いので、アプリ内の雰囲気が良く安心して使えるアプリでもあります。
1位：pairs（ペアーズ）
pairsは累計登録者数700万人以上の出会い系アプリです。
「 出会い系」というよりも「恋活応援アプリ」といったほうがしっくりくるほどクリーンなサイトです。
pairsではこれまで、少なくとも12万人以上のカップルが誕生しており、実績や支持率では各種出会い系アプリの中でもトップレベルだといえます。
ペアーズの公式サイトへ 【18禁】
pairs（ペアーズ）の特徴
1.マッチングシステム採用で簡単
pairsは最近流行りの 「マッチングシステム」を採用している出会い系アプリです。
ユーザーは気になる相手に「いいね！」を押し、相手からも「いいね！」が帰ってきた時点でマッチング成立となります。
シンプルな仕組みで異性とコンタクトを取れるので、初めて出会い系アプリを使う方にも人気です。
2.利用者が急速に増え続けている！
pairsのサービスが開始されたのは2012年のことなので、他社に比べればまだまだ歴史の浅い出会い系サイトだといえます。
しかし現時点ですでに累計登録者数は700万人を突破しており、1日に1,000人近い新規登録者が出ることも珍しくないという「今もっとも勢いのある出会い系アプリ」に成長しているのです。
出会い系アプリにとって 「利用者数が多い」ことは最大の強みですので、少しでも出会いの確率を上げたい方にはpairsがおすすめです。
3.年齢層
pairsの会員は、男女共に18歳～29歳の若年者層が大半を占めています。
18歳～29歳だけで全ユーザーの半数以上にもなり、30代・40代・50代と年齢が高くなるごとに利用者数は減っていきます。
4.料金
女性：完全無 料
男性：定額 制
1ヵ月：3,480円～
pairsの料金 は 「 定額制」となっています。
1ヵ月3,480円から始まり、3ヵ月プラン・6ヵ月プラン・12ヵ月プランと継続月数が多くなるほど割安になっていきます。
5.無料で使える範囲
・プロフィールの設 定
・女性ユーザーの検 索
・ 「 いいね！」を送 る
・ 「いいね！ありがとう」ができる
・メッセージの送信 （1通のみ）
・メッセージの受 信
6.いくら使えば出会える？
pairsは定額制のアプリなので、かかる金額は「女性と出会うまでに何ヵ月間かかるか」によります。
女性とリアルで会うところまで1ヵ月以内にいければ3,480円（1ヵ月分）で済むでしょうし、半年かかれば10,680円（6ヵ月分）かかるでしょう。
機能は基本的に使い放題なので、登録したら遠慮なく使い倒してサクッと出会っちゃいましょう。
7.Facebook連携はある？
pairs はFacebook連携型のアプリなので、「友達が10人以上いるFacebookアカウント」がなければ登録すらできません。
とはいえpairsのサイト内ではイニシャル表記で実名は出ませんし、pairsを使っていることがFacebookのサイト内で通知されることも一切ありませんので身バレの心配はいりません。
8.pairsに向いている人
1.利用者数の多いマッチングアプリを選びたい方
2.大手のマッチングアプリのほうが安心できるという方
3.年齢が18歳～29歳までの方
★ 3つの条件に当てはまる人はpairs へGO !
マッチングシステムを採用しているアプリとしては、pairsが一番おすすめです。
利用者数が多いというのは圧倒的な強みですし、安全性でも高い評価を受けている優良サイトです。
お試しで無料会員登録をすることもできますので、まずは公式サイトにアクセスしてみてください。
ペアーズの公式サイトへ 【18禁】
2位：with（ウィズ）
with は2015年にオープンした新進気鋭の出会い系アプリです。
登録者数は70万人とやや少なめですが、「心理学＆統計学」を採用したユニークなマッチングシステムで注目されています。
テレビでも大活躍のメンタリスト・DaiGoさんが監修したシステムを使い、「心理学的に相性の良い相手」を探してきてくれる唯一無二のアプリです。
ウィズの公式サイトへ 【18 禁】
with （ウィズ）の特徴
1.心理学＆統計学を活かしたマッチングシステム
with の特徴は、なんといっても「心理学＆統計学」を活かしたマッチングシステムでしょう。
普通の出会い系アプリでは女性の「外見」を見てアプローチをかけますが、withでは「性格」が合う女性を探せるので成功率が高まります。
2.芸能人が監修している数少ないアプリ
withのシステムは、メンタリストのDaiGoさんが監修して作られています。
芸能人が監修している数少ない出会い系アプリなので、運営に信頼感を求める方にも好評です。
3.年齢層
with の女性ユーザーは、18歳～29歳がメイン会員層となっています。
芸能人 のDaiGoさんが監修しているとあって、心理学や占いに興味のある若年層が多くなっているようです。
4.料金
女性：完全無 料
男性：定額 制
1ヵ月：3,400円 ～
withの料金 は 「 定額制」となっています。
1ヵ月3,400円から利用可能なので、他社の出会い系アプリと比べると割安ですね。
初めて使う方向け の「1週間プラン」もあるので、最初はお試しで登録してみても良いと思います。
5.無料で使える範囲
・プロフィール設 定
・女性ユーザーの検索（無制限）
・ DaiGo監修 相性＆性格診 断
・メッセージ送信 （1通目のみ）
6.いくら使えば出会える？
withは心理学と統計学を利用したシステムで、相性の良い相手を効率的に見つけ出してくれます。
そのため出会い系アプリを使い慣れていない方でも、わりと短い期間で理想の相手を見つけ出せます。
さすがに1週間プランでは難しいかもしれませんが、運が良ければ1ヵ月（3,400円）で運命の相手と出会うことも可能でしょう。
7.Facebook連携はある？
ユーザーの安全性を高めるため、withの利用にはFacebookの連携が必須となっています。
ただ しFacebook側にwithの利用情報が漏れることは一切ありませんので、Facebookと連携したからといって身バレするようなことはありません。
8.with（ウィズ）に向いている人
1.年齢が18歳～29歳までの方
2.異性と出会える確率を少しでも上げたい方
3.芸能人が監修しているアプリの方が安心できるという方
★ 3つの条件に当てはまる人 はwith（ウィズ）へGO !
withのウリである、DaiGoさん監修の相性診断や性格診断は無料会員でも利用できます。
占いアプリで遊ぶような気分で恋人探しができるので、占いや心理テストが好きな方なら必ず楽しめるはずです。
少しだけ使ってみたいという方には「 無料プラン 」
や「1週間プラン」が用意されていますので、詳しくは公式サイトを確認してみてください。
ウィズの公式サイトへ 【18 禁】
ウィズの詳細はこち ら
3位：タップル誕生
タップル誕生は、累計登録者数250万人以上のマッチングサービスです。
「 趣味でつながる恋活サービス」のキャッチフレーズの通り、長く付き合える恋人探しに適した出会い系サイトになっています。
ちなみにameba等でおなじみの「サイバーエージェントグループ」が運営しているので信頼性が高いという点も魅力です。
タップル誕生の特 徴
1. 「趣味」で異性を探すシステム
タップル誕生は、顔やプロフィールよりも「趣味」で相手を探すのに適した出会い系アプリです。
映画が好き・スポーツが趣味・旅行に興味がある…などなど、同じ趣味を持つ異性のなかから相手探しができるので「長続きするカップル」が生まれやすい傾向にあります。
2.操作性がシンプルで効率的
タップル誕生で異性を探す方法は至ってシンプル。
検索すると同じ趣味を持つ異性がズラーっと一覧表示されますので、あとは顔写真を見て「いいかも」
「イマイチ」に振り分けるだけ。
何十人という異性に対して一気にアプローチをかけられるので、かなり効率的に恋人探しができます。
3.年齢層
タップル誕生の女性ユーザーで最も多い年齢層は20代となっています。
20代前半だけで約55％、20代後半で約17％、合計すると70％以上が20代ということになります。
4.料金
女性：完全無 料
男性：定額 制
1ヵ月：3,900円 ～
タップル誕生の料金は 「 定額制」です。
1ヵ月分づつ先払いできるので使い過ぎの心配がいらないというのは嬉しいところですね。
pairs やwithに比べると若干お高めですが、差額は月に数百円程度なので大して気にならないかと思います。
5.無料で使える範囲
・女性ユーザーの検 索
・女性に 「 いいかも」を送る
・マッチングの成 立
・つぶやき機 能
6.いくら使えば出会える？
タップル誕生は、同じ趣味を持つ女性をサクサク探せます。
マッチングを成立させるだけならものの1～2日もあれば充分に可能でしょう。
そこから実際に会うまでに何ヵ月かかるかは腕しだいですが…要領の良い方なら1～2ヵ月分の料金で出会えるかもしれません。
7.Facebook連携はある？
タップル誕生 はFacebook連携型のアプリではないので、Facebookのアカウントを持っている必要がありません。
しかしその 分 「 Facebookの友達を非表示にする」という機能が備わっていないので、身バレには充分に注意してください。
8.タップル誕生に向いている人
1.同じ趣味を持つ女性と出会いたい方
2.Facebookと連携していないアプリがいい方
3.長く付き合える女性と出会いたい方
★ 3つの条件に当てはまる人はタップル誕生へGO !
タップル誕生 はFacebook連携型ではないので、Facebookユーザー以外でもその場でアカウントを作成できます。
必要な情報を入力するだけでサクッと登録できますので、まずは無料登録して使い方をチェックしてみてください。
恋人が欲しい方向け人気出会い系アプリおすすめランキングTOP3の比較表
１位 ２ 位 ３位 pairs（ペアーズ） with（ウィズ） タップル誕生 会員数 700万人 70 万人 250万 人 料金 1ヶ月：3,480円 ～ 1ヶ月：3,400円 ～ 1ヶ月：3,900 円 ～ 女性の年齢 層 18歳～29 歳 18歳～29 歳 20 代 良い口コミ 非常に多い 普通 普通 総合評 価
結婚相手を見つけたい方向け人気出会い系アプリおすすめランキング
結婚を見据えて交際したい方を探すための出会い系アプリTOP3です。
今や出会い系アプリは婚活に役立つツールとして認知され、「婚活応援」をウリにするアプリも増えてきています。
婚活系は通常の出会い系サイト＆アプリに比べてユーザーの年齢層が高い傾向にありますが、もちろん若い方でもご利用可能です。
1位：マッチドットコム
マッチドットコムは世界最大級の出会い系アプリです。
もともとアメリカで誕生した出会い系で、世界全体で1,600万人以上もの利用者がいる超巨大マッチングサービスとなっています。
出会い系アプリとしては珍しく女性も有料なので、「本気で結婚したい女性」の数が他社アプリとはケタ違いです。
マッチドットコムの公式サイトへ【18禁】
マッチドットコムの特 徴
1.年間40万件もカップル成立報告がある
マッチドットコムは世界中で親しまれている出会い系サイトで、「マッチドットコムがキッカケで結婚した」という報告も数えきれないほど届いています。
公式発表によれば、マッチドットコム内で出会った男女がカップルになるケースは年間40万件にものぼるというのですから驚きです。
2.エクシオとも提携している
マッチドットコムは、全国各地で婚活パーティを主催している「エクシオ」とも提携しています。
3ヵ月コース～12ヵ月コースに申し込んだユーザーには「エクシオの婚活パーティ無料ご招待権」が贈られますので、ネットだけでなくリアルでの婚活とも連携することができます。
3.年齢層
「 本気で結婚したい人しか登録しない」というサイトカラーの影響か、マッチドットコムユーザーの年齢層はやや高めです。
日本版マッチドットコムは男女ともに40代のユーザーが最多で、40代からの婚活にも最適なアプリとなっています。
4.料金
女性：定額 制
男性：定額 制
1ヵ月：3,980円～
マッチドットコムは、男女ともに定額制の有料アプリとなっています。
無料プランだと機能の制限がかなり厳しいので、有料会員にならない限り女性と出会うのは実質不可能です。
「 女性も有料」というフェアな仕組みのおかげで、遊びではなく本気で出会いを求める女性が集まるアプリとなっています。
5.無料で使える範囲
・プロフィール作 成
・写真掲 載
・優先会員の紹 介
・女性ユーザーの検 索
・ウインクを送 る
6.いくら使えば出会える？
マッチドットコムの料金には、基本プランとは別の「バンドルプラン（プレミアムパッケージ）」というものがあります。
通常の3ヵ月プランは8,379円なのに対し、バンドルプランは9,801円とややお高めに設定されているのですが…場合によっては、バンドルプランを使ったほうが早く出会える可能性があります。
バンドルプランのユーザーは 「 既読チェック 」
「プロフィール優先掲載」といった拡張機能が使えるので、他のユーザーよりも少しだけ有利に婚活を進められるからです。
短期決戦で挑むなら、3ヵ月分のバンドルプランで挑戦してみても良いかもしれません。
7.Facebook連携はある？
マッチドットコムは独立した出会い系アプリなので、Facebookとは特に連携していません。
Facebookを使っていない人でも気軽に始められるのが利点ですが、Facebookの友達を非表示にする機能が無いというデメリットもあるので注意しましょう。
8.マッチドットコムに向いている人
1.真剣に婚活したい方
2.年齢が30代～40代以上の方
3.ある程度スペックの高い異性と出会いたい方
★ 3つの条件に当てはまる人はマッチドットコムへGO !
マッチドットコムほど婚活に特化したアプリはそう多くありません。
有料会員にならないと重要な機能がほとんど使えないというのが難点ですが、アカウント登録＆アプリチェックだけなら無料でもできますのでぜひチャレンジしてみてください。
マッチドットコムの公式サイトへ【18禁】
2位：marrish（マリッシュ）
marrish（マリッシュ）は、離婚歴のある男女を優遇している出会い系アプリです。
2016年にオープンしたばかりのアプリなので累計登録者数2万人と少なめですが、離婚経験アリのユーザーが全体の6割を超えているので「同じ境遇を持つ人」を見つけるのに最適なアプリとなっています。
マリッシュの公式サイトへ【18禁】
marrish（マリッシュ）の特徴
1.再婚に適した出会い系アプリ
marrish（マリッシュ）は国内初の「再婚向け婚活アプリ」です。
ユーザーのほとんどが離婚を経験しているため、再婚相手を探すときに全く負い目を感じずに済みます。
また、離婚経験ナシでも 「 再婚・子持ちに理解アリ」というユーザーが多いのもmarrish（マリッシュ）の特徴です。
2.動画プロフィールが面白い
マッチングサイトとしては珍しく、marrish（マリッシュ）には「動画プロフィール」が実装されています。
15秒程度の動画をプロフィールに貼り付けることができるので、写真だけでは分からないリアルな表情をアピールすることができます。
動画プロフィールは見る人にとっても、貼る人にとっても有益な機能だといえるでしょう。
3.年齢層
離婚歴のあるユーザーが多いため、marrish（マリッシュ）の年齢層は30代～40代とやや高めになっています。
女性ユーザーの約50％が30代なので、男女ともに年齢を気にせず婚活に没頭することができます。
4.料金
女性：完全無 料
男性：定額 制
1ヵ月：2,980円～
marrish（マリッシュ）の料金は「 定額制」です。
1ヵ月の基本料金が3,000円を切っており、婚活アプリの中でも最安値クラスの設定になっています。
離婚歴のあるユーザーならさらにお得になるサービスもあるので、再婚狙いの方にはかなりおすすめです。
5.無料で使える範囲
・女性のプロフィール閲覧
・女性に 「 いいね！」を送る
・ 「いいね！ありがとう」を返す
・マッチング成 立
・ログインボーナ ス
・メッセージを送る（ポイント消費アリ）
6.いくら使えば出会える？
marrish（マリッシュ）の月額は2,980円とかなり安くなっているので、他のアプリに比べて少ないコストで婚活できます。
再婚や子持ちに理解のある方であれば、1～2ヵ月で相手を見つけることも充分に可能でしょう。
7.Facebook連携はある？
marrish（マリッシュ）にはFacebookと連携させる機能がありますが、特に強制ではありません。
メールアドレスだけでもmarrish（マリッシュ）のアカウントを作ることができますので、面倒な方はわざわざFacebookアカウントを作らなくてもOKです。
8.marrish（マリッシュ）に向いている人
1.離婚の経験がある方
2.結婚を前提とした恋人探しをしたい方
3.年齢を気にせずに恋愛がしたい方
★ 3つの条件に当てはまる人はmarrish（マリッシュ）へGO !
離婚歴のある方、または相手の離婚歴を気にしない方にはmarrish（マリッシュ）がおすすめです。
普通の出会い系アプリとは少しだけ雰囲気の違うアプリなので、興味のある方はひとまず公式サイトをチェックしてみてください。
マリッシュの公式サイトへ【18禁】
3位 ：Omiai（オミアイ）
Omiaiは日本で最初に開設されたマッチングアプリです。
累計登録者数は300万人に達しており、これまでに1190万組もマッチングを成功させている優良アプリです。
ワールドビジネスサテライトや日本経済産業新聞などで紹介されたこともあり、国内で高い知名度を誇るマッチングアプリとなっています。
Omiai（オミアイ）の特徴
1.元祖マッチングアプリの信頼性
日本で一番最初に始まったマッチングサイトアプリがOmiaiです。
最近になってサービスを始めたばかりのサイトとは違い、積み上げてきた実績と信頼性が魅力です。
マッチドットコムとは違って最初から「日本人向け」に作られているので、安心して利用できるのも嬉しいですね。
2.年齢層
Omiaiのユーザーは25歳～34歳が多く、婚活系サイトにしては若い方に人気のアプリとなっています。
次いで多いのも35歳～39歳までのユーザーで、焦って婚活をしているわけではなく「そろそろ結婚したいなぁ」と感じ始めた結婚適齢期の男女が多い印象です。
3.料金
女性：完全無 料
男性：定額 制
1ヵ月：3,980円～
Omiaiの料金 は 「 定額制 」となっています。
価格設定は他社マッチングアプリと比べても相場通りといった感じで、システムの優秀さを考えると損の無い料金だと思います。
長く使いたい方は12ヵ月プランで申し込むとかなり安くなりますので、詳しくは公式サイトの料金表を参照してみてください。
4.無料で使える範囲
・プロフィール閲 覧
・女性に 「いいね！」を送る（月30回まで）
・マッチング成 立
・メッセージ交換 （1通目のみ）
5.いくら使えば出会える？
Omiaiは月 額3,980円となっていますが、長く使うなら12ヵ月プランで申し込んだほうが良いでしょう。
クレジットカード決済で12ヵ月プランに申し込むと1ヵ月あたりのコストが2,780円まで下がるのでかなりお得です。
6.Facebook連携はある？
OmiaiはFacebook連携型のマッチングアプリです。
ただしpairs等と違って友達数の制約は無いので、作ったばかりのFacebookアカウントでも登録できます。
Facebook上の友達は非表示にしてくれるので、身バレのリスクが少ない仕様になっています。
7.Omiai（オミアイ）に向いている人
1.マッチング実績の高いアプリを選びたい方
2.信頼できるマッチングアプリが良いと思う方
3.結婚を見据えた出会いを求めている方
★ 3つの条件に当てはまる人 はOmiai（オミアイ）へGO !
上 記3つの条件、特に「信頼性」を重視したい方にはOmiaiがオススメです。
公式サイトにアクセスすればサイト内の雰囲気がわかると思いますので、信頼性が高いアプリで安心して婚活したい方はぜひアクセスしてみてください。
結婚相手を探したい方向け人気出会い系アプリおすすめランキングTOP3の比較表
１位 ２ 位 ３ 位 マッチドットコム marrish（マリッシュ） Omiai（オミアイ） 会員数 国 内187 万 2万人 300万 人 料金 1ヶ月：3,980円 ～ 1ヶ月：2.980円 ～ 1ヶ月：3,980円 ～ 女性の年齢層 30代～40 代 30代～40 代 25歳～34 歳 良い口コミ 多い 普通 非常に多い 総合評 価
おすすめ！個性的なおすすめの人気出会い系アプリ
こちらでは、他社アプリとは全く違う「個性派」な出会い系アプリをご紹介しておきます。
変わったコンセプトの出会い系アプリばかりなので、刺激的な出会いを求めている方におすすめです。
目的が 「 遊び相手 」 「恋活 」
「婚活」のどれにも当てはまらなかった方は、以下の３アプリをチェックしていってください。
Sugardaddy（シュガーダディ）
シュガーダディに向いている人 1.金銭的に余裕がある方
2.女性と遊びたいが交際するのは面倒だと感じる方
3.肉体関係を前提とした出会いを求めている方
シュガーダディは 「パパ活専門」の出会い系アプリです。
男性側はもちろん、女性ユーザーも年上の男性に支援してもらうことを目的にシュガーダディを利用しています。
交際相手や結婚相手を探すアプリとは全く違い、「お金を払うことを前提にして出会う」というユニークなアプリになっています。
お茶するだけ・デートだけ・肉体関係アリまで、どんな関係になれるかは女性との交渉しだいで決まります。
シュガーダディについて 運営会社 シナプスコンサルティング 株式会社 会員数 非公表（推 定2 万人以下） 女性の年齢層 10代～30 代 サービス開始時期 2017 年 料金プラン 定額制 いくらで出会える？ 1ヶ月 ：4,980円 ～ facebook連携 不可
Matchbook（マッチブック）
マッチブックに向いている人 1.ライバルの少ないマッチングアプリを選びたい方
2.結婚よりも「恋愛」をメインで楽しみたい方
3. 「ライブ機能」を使って出会いのチャンスを広げたい方
マッチブックは、ゼクシィなどの運営で知られるリクルートグループのマッチングアプリです。
他社アプリと比べて 「会員数の少ないアプリ」として知られており、ハッキリ言って出会いのチャンスは少なめです。
ただし会員数の少なさを逆手にとって「ライバルが少ないアプリ」として利用している上級者がおり、上手く使えば希少な男性ユーザーとしてチヤホヤされる可能性があります。
また最近になって 「ライブ機能」を導入し、youtuberやツイキャス主のように動画を配信して人気を獲得することが可能になりました。
Matchbook（マッチブック）について 運営会社 株式会 社NIJIBOX （リクルートグループ） 会員数 非公表（推 定1 万人以下） 女性の年齢層 18 歳 ～ 24 歳 サービス開始時期 2015 年 料金プラン 定額制 いくらで出会える？ 1ヵ月：3,980円 ～ facebook連携 可能
東カレデー ト
東カレデートに向いている人 1.金銭的に余裕のある方
2.レベルの高い女性と出会いたい方
3.自分の外見に自信のある方
東カレデートはアッパー層向けのデーティングアプリで、厳しい審査を潜り抜けなければアカウント登録すら許してもらえません。
アカウントを作ろうとしたユーザーの情報は現役会員たちによって審査され、過半数以上の会員に認めてもらって初めて利用可能になります。
外見・年収・学歴などが徹底的に審査されるため、「年収1,000万円以上 」
「モデル級のイケメン 」 「有名大学出身」などハイスペックな男性がゴロゴロ在籍しています。
女性ユーザーにもしっかり審査があり、必然的に「可愛くない女性」は登録できない仕組みになっているので、他のサイトとは女性のレベルがケタ違いです。
東カレデートについて 運営会社 マッチアラーム株式会社・東京カレンダー 会員数 約 3万人 女性の年齢 層 25 歳～29 歳 サービス開始時期 2017 年 （リニューアル） 料金プラン 定額制 いくらで出会える ？
1ヵ月：6,500 円 ～＋オプション料 facebook連携 可能
どうやってマッチングするの？出会い系で押さえておきたいポイント3つ！
出会い系アプリの口コミを調べてみると、「全然出会えなかった！」「女性の反応が悪い！」といった悪評が必ず出てきます。
何百万人という人が出会い系アプリを利用しているわけですから失敗する人がいるのも当然ですが…
では、どうして出会い系には 「 簡単に成功する人 」 と「何度やっても失敗する人」がいるのでしょうか。
それは、成功者と失敗者に 「出会い系アプリの使いこなし方」の差があるからだと考えられます。
失敗する人は 「早く女性と出会いたい！」という気持ちばかりが先行してろくに出会い系のコツを調べず、独りよがりな使い方をして女性に嫌われてしまうというケースが多いのです。
出会い系アプリで成功するためには、それなりのポイントを知っておかなければなりません。
「 どうやれば女性に好かれやすいのか 」 「どうやれば他の男性より目立てるのか」を知り、出会い系アプリに反映させることで成功率はグンと上がります。
そこで今回は、出会い系アプリ初心者向けに「出会い系で押さえておきたいポイント3選」をご用意しました。
せっかくお金を払って出会い系アプリを使うなら、もっと出会いのチャンスを増やしたいものですよね？
以下の3ポイントを意識するだけで、女性の反応は今までと段違いになってくるはずですよ。
1.プロフィール項目
まず第一に大切なの が 「 プロフィール項目」についてです。
アプリによってプロフィール項目のフォーマットは違いますが、各アプリに必ずいるのが「プロフィールがほぼ空欄」になっている男性。
ハッキリ言いますが、プロフィールを埋めていない男性に出会い系アプリでの成功はあり得ません。
出会い系アプリのプロフィール項目は、名前や年齢といった必須部分だけ埋めれば良いというものではないのです。
女性になったつもりで考えてみてください…名前と年齢以外は、趣味も出身も年収も全て空欄のままになっている男性に「会ってみたい」と思えますか？
プロフィール項目が空欄の男性なんて、女性から見れば「身元不明の怪しい男性」以外の何者でもありません。
また、プロフィール項目の自己PR欄を空欄にしたり、「よろしくお願いします」の一言で済ませている男性も多いです。
しかし自 己PR欄が適当だと「 自信をもってPRできることが何もない人なんだな」と見下されてしまっても仕方ありません。
プロフィール項目は全て埋める、そして自己PRはしっかりと書ききる…この2つは出会い系アプリで成功するための必須項目です！
2.プロフィール写真
「 プロフィール写真」の扱いにも注意したほうがよいでしょう。
出会い系アプリでは基本的に「人に好印象を与える写真」でなければ上手くいきません。
例えば、対してイケメンでもないのに妙にカッコつけて決め顔で写真を撮ったりしていませんか？
プロフィール写真は 「 カッコよく」ではなく「爽やかに」撮ったほうが成功率が高くなります。
別にイケメンぶらなくてよいので、笑顔で自然体な写真を選ぶようにしましょう。
また、写真うつりが悪くなっていないかも細かくチェックしておきましょう。
暗い部屋で撮影していませんか？肝心の顔がブレたりぼやけたりしていませんか？加工アプリを使って改悪していませんか？
変な写真を使うと、元の顔が良かろうが悪かろうが「変な人」だと思われてしまうので写真うつりは重要なファクターになります。
3.ファーストメッセージ
女性に送 る 「 ファーストメッセージ」も大切です。
昔から人は第一印象で決まる…なんて言いますが、出会い系アプリにおいてはファーストメッセージこそがまさに第一印象を決めます。
欲望が先走りすぎて、ファーストメッセージから「セフレになりませんか？」なんて送れば一発アウトです。
ネット上でやり取りしているのでマヒしがちですが、相手も人間ですから変なメッセージを送るとすぐに嫌われてしまいます。
「 デートしましょう 」 「 電話で話せませんか？ 」 「これから会えませんか？」といったメッセージも同様です。
ではファーストメッセージで何を送ればよいのかと言うと、単純な話「挨拶をする」が正解です。
実生活でも初めて会話をする相手にはまず挨拶をして、それから自己紹介に入りますよね？出会い系でも相手は「初対面の人」なのですからやることは同じです。
デートだの電話だのといった提案は、相手とそれなりに仲良くなってから行うべきステップです。
ファーストメッセージなら 「はじめまして、○○と申します。よろしくお願いします」というところから始めるべきでしょう。
出会い系アプリの注意 点
今回ご紹介した出会い系アプリは、どれも安全性の高い優良アプリばかりです。
しかしいくらアプリ自体が安全だといっても、出会い系アプリを使っているユーザー全員が善人だとは限りません。
出会い系アプリを利用した犯罪は、一昔前に比べれば減ってきているとされています。
しかし残念ながら、今でも出会い系サイトが原因で犯罪やトラブルに巻き込まれるケースはゼロではないのです。
とはいえ、あらかじめ注意点を知っておけば出会い系アプリで嫌な思いをする可能性はグッと減ります。
そこで皆さんには、出会い系アプリで起こりうるトラブルについていくつか簡単にご説明しておきます。
ちなみに各種トラブルの対処法なども別ページでご紹介しておりますので、もっと詳しく知りたい方は説明文下部のリンクをクリックしてください。
１.サクラ
サクラとは、悪質アプリの運営が雇っている偽物のユーザーです。
主にポイント制のアプリに現れ、男性ユーザーがポイントを無駄遣いするように仕向けてきます。
中身は運営スタッフなので、いくらアピールしたところで出会えませんし関わるだけ無駄な存在です。
２.美人局
美人局（つつもたせ）は 「女性が男性を誘惑し、会いにいくと怖い男性が待ち構えていて金銭を要求する」という詐欺の一種です。
詐欺の手口としてはかなり古臭いので、出会い系アプリに美人局が出現するケースなんて最近はめっきり聞かなくなりましたが…それでも「絶対いない！」とまでは断言できないのが美人局の恐ろしさでもありますね。
万が一美人局に出会ってしまったら、金銭を支払わずすぐ警察に駆け込むようにしましょう。
４.人妻
出会い系アプリで人妻とエッチがしたい！と考えてしまう方も多いと思いますが、ハッキリ言って人妻狙いはおすすめできません。
当たり前の話ですが、人妻と関係を持ってしまったら「不倫」になりますから、旦那さんにバレればこちらが訴えられてしまう可能性も低くありません。
実際、出会い系アプリで人妻をGETしたことが露呈し、200万円～300万円を支払うハメになったというケースも多いのです。
４.法律について
出会い系アプリを利用するなら、関連した法律についても少し知っておくと安心です。
特に 「出会い系サイト規制法」という法律はユーザーとも決して無関係ではないので、概要だけでも軽く読んでおくことをおすすめします。
それでも出会い系の利用を迷っている方へ！
今回はおすすめの出会い系アプリについてご紹介してきましたが…
きっと、ここまで読んでもまだ「やっぱり出会い系アプリは怖い」なんて思ってしまう方がいるのでは？
出会い系アプリに対してネガティブなイメージを持ってしまう方が未だにいるのも無理はないことです。
しかし結論として、出会い系アプリは100％安全とは言わないまでも、99％は安全な状態になってきています。
今回ご紹介した出会い系アプリはどれも安全性＆信頼性に優れており、ルールを守って利用する分には危険なんてほとんどありません。
「 1％のリスク」なんて、実世界での恋愛でも同じことです。
その程度のリスクも負えない人なら、出会い系アプリを利用してもしなくても異性と出会うことなど不可能でしょう。
出会い系アプリを使ったからといって必ず出会えるという保証もありませんが、「出会い系アプリを使わなかったら出会えない女性がいる」ことは確固たる事実です。
それでも使いたくないという方を止めはしませんが、当サイトでは出会い系アプリで新しい恋を見つける人を応援します。
ここからは最後のひと押しとして、目的別に1番おすすめのアプリをピックアップしておきましたのでご覧下さい。
恋人探しならpairsがおすすめ
真剣に付き合える相手を探すならpairs（ペアーズ）がおすすめです。
やはり累計登録者数700万人以上というのは国内マッチングアプリのなかでも圧倒的ですし、Facebook連携で身バレのリスクが少ないというのも魅力的です。
ここでしか出会えない女性がきっといますので、勇気を出して公式サイトへアクセスしてみてください。
ペアーズの公式サイトへ 【18禁】
セフレ探しならハッピーメールがおすすめ
セフレ探しならハッピーメールが一番です。
累計会員数が1,600万人もいるので地方の人でも出会えますし、何より女性側もライトな出会いを求めている方が多いので効率的です。
怖かったらいきなりチャレンジする必要はないので、まずは公式サイトで先輩方の反応を伺ってみてもいいのではないでしょうか。
ハッピーメールの公式サイトへ【18禁】
ワンナイトラブ狙いな らPCMAXがおすすめ
ワンナイトラブ狙いな らPCMAX（ピーシーマックス）です。
男女の年齢層に差があるアプリなので、年齢を気にせず女性との逢瀬を楽しむことができます。
累計登録 者数1,000万人のなかにはワンナイトラブOKの女性がゴロゴロ…
このチャンスを無駄にしないでください！
PCMAX の公式サイトへ 【18 禁】
アラサー以上ならマッチドットコムがおすすめ
アラサー以上の男性にはマッチドットコムがおすすめです。
婚活に特化したアプリなので、従来の出会い系アプリとは違った「本格的な恋愛」が楽しめますよ。
今や立派な婚活ツールとして認知されているアプリなので、出会い系アプリにネガティブなイメージがあるという方でもきっと気に入ると思います。
公式サイトから雰囲気を確認していただければ、きっとアナタの出会い系アプリに対するイメージが一変しますよ！
マッチドットコムの公式サイトへ【18禁】
# 870274 +( 4179 ) - [ X ] < ddubb > if there is no local area ID found , drop the load data .
< ddubb > or , in code form :
< ddubb > if ( !getLAid ( ) ) dropLoad ( ) ;
< ddubb > line 525 of software that ships tomorrow .
< ddubb > my work here is done .
The New York Times is determined to show that women are discriminated against in the sciences ; too bad the facts say otherwise .
A new study has “ found that girls perform as well as boys on standardized math tests , ” claims a July 25 article by Tamar Lewin — thus , the underrepresentation of women on science faculties must result from bias .
Actually , the study , summarized in the July 25 issue of Science , shows something quite different : while boys ’ and girls ’ average scores are similar , boys outnumber girls among students in both the highest and the lowest score ranges .
Either the Times is deliberately concealing the results of the study or its reporter cannot understand the most basic science reporting .
Lewin begins her piece with the mandatory mocking reference to former Harvard president Lawrence Summers ’ suicidal speculations about why women are underrepresented on science and math faculties .
She also manages to squeeze in a classic feminist trope for how our sexist society destroys girls ’ innate abilities , invoking the infamous “ talking Barbie doll [ who ] proclaimed that ‘ math class is tough . ’ ”
Lewin implies that the new study blows Summers ’ wide - ranging speculations on gender and math out of the water ; all that holds women back from equal representation in MIT ’s physics department , it seems , is Mattel and other patriarchal marketers of gender myths .
On the contrary , Science ’s analysis of math test scores only confirms the hypothesis that cost Summers his Harvard post : that boys are found more often than girls at the outer reaches of the bell curve of abstract reasoning ability .
If you ’re hoping to land a job in Harvard ’s math department , you ’d better not show up with average math scores ; in fact , you ’d better present scores at the absolute top of the range .
And as studies have shown for decades , there are many more boys than girls in that empyrean realm .
Unless science and math faculties start practicing the most grotesque and counterproductive gender discrimination , a skew in the sex of their professors will be inevitable , given the distribution of top - level cognitive skills .
Likewise , boys will be and are overrepresented among math dunces — though the feminists never complain about the male math failure rate .
Lewin claims that the “ researchers looked at the average of the test scores of all students , the performance of the most gifted children and the ability to solve complex math problems .
They found , in every category , that girls did as well as boys . ”
This statement is simply wrong .
Among white 11th - graders , there were twice as many boys as girls above the 99th percentile — that is , at the very top of the curve .
( Asians , however , showed a very slight skew toward females above the 99th percentile , while there were too few Hispanics and blacks scoring above even the 95th percentile to compute their gender ratios . )
The Science researchers themselves try to downplay the significance of the two - to - one ratio for whites — the vast majority of students — on the grounds that it should produce a 67 percent to 33 percent disparity in male - to - female representation in math - dependent fields .
Yet Ph.D. programs for engineering , they say , contain only about 15 percent women .
Therefore , the authors conclude , “ gender differences in math performance , even among high scorers , are insufficient to explain lopsided gender patterns in participation in some [ science and math ] fields . ”
This reasoning is flawed , however , because the tests used in their study are pathetically easy compared with what would be required of engineering or other rigorous math - based Ph.D.s .
The researchers got their data from math tests devised by individual states to fulfill their annual testing obligations under the federal No Child Left Behind act .
NCLB has produced a mad rush to the bottom , as many states crafted easier and easier reading and math tests to show their federal overseers how well their schools are doing .
The Science researchers analyzed the difficulty of those tests and found that virtually none required remotely complicated problem - solving abilities .
That a gender difference at the highest percentiles shows up on tests pitched to such an elementary level of knowledge and skill suggests that on truly challenging tests , the gender difference at the top end of the distribution will be even greater .
Indeed , between five and ten times as many boys as girls have been found to receive near - perfect scores on the math SATs among mathematically gifted adolescents , for example .
Far from raising the presumption of gender bias among schools and colleges , the Science study strengthens a competing hypothesis : that the main drivers of success in scientific fields are aptitude and knowledge , in conjunction with personal choices about career and family that feminists refuse to acknowledge .
The same reality - denying feminists are itching to subject college science and math departments to gender quotas .
They have already persuaded Congress to require university scientists to perform Title IX compliance reviews — a nightmare of bean - counting paperwork — covering everything from faculty composition to lab space .
Misleading reporting like Lewin ’s will only strengthen the movement to select cancer researchers and atomic engineers on the basis of their sex , not their abilities .
The Wall Street Journal , it should be noted , had no difficulty grasping the two main findings of the Science study : that “ girls and boys have roughly the same average scores on state math tests , ” as Keith J. Winstein reported on July 25 , but that “ boys more often excelled or failed . ”
That the New York Times , in an article over twice as long as the Journal ’s , could n’t manage to squeeze in a reference to the fact that boys outperformed girls at the top end of the curve should put its readers on notice : trust nothing you read here .
Photo : Tom Schierlitz
Walking is easy .
It ’s so easy that no one ever has to teach you how to do it .
It ’s so easy , in fact , that we often pair it with other easy activities — talking , chewing gum — and suggest that if you ca n’t do both simultaneously , you ’re some sort of insensate clod .
So you probably think you ’ve got this walking thing pretty much nailed .
As you stroll around the city , worrying about the economy , or the environment , or your next month ’s rent , you might assume that the one thing you do n’t need to worry about is the way in which you ’re strolling around the city .
Well , I ’m afraid I have some bad news for you :
You walk wrong .
Look , it ’s not your fault .
It ’s your shoes .
Shoes are bad .
I do n’t just mean stiletto heels , or cowboy boots , or tottering espadrilles , or any of the other fairly obvious foot - torture devices into which we wincingly jam our feet .
I mean all shoes .
Shoes hurt your feet .
They change how you walk .
In fact , your feet — your poor , tender , abused , ignored , maligned , misunderstood feet — are getting trounced in a war that ’s been raging for roughly a thousand years : the battle of shoes versus feet .
Last year , researchers at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg , South Africa , published a study titled “ Shod Versus Unshod : The Emergence of Forefoot Pathology in Modern Humans ? ” in the podiatry journal The Foot .
The study examined 180 modern humans from three different population groups ( Sotho , Zulu , and European ) , comparing their feet to one another ’s , as well as to the feet of 2,000 - year - old skeletons .
The researchers concluded that , prior to the invention of shoes , people had healthier feet .
Among the modern subjects , the Zulu population , which often goes barefoot , had the healthiest feet while the Europeans — i.e. , the habitual shoe - wearers — had the unhealthiest .
One of the lead researchers , Dr. Bernhard Zipfel , when commenting on his findings , lamented that the American Podiatric Medical Association does not “ actively encourage outdoor barefoot walking for healthy individuals .
This flies in the face of the increasing scientific evidence , including our study , that most of the commercially available footwear is not good for the feet . ”
Okay , so shoes can be less than comfortable .
If you ’ve ever suffered through a wedding in four - inch heels or patent - leather dress shoes , you ’ve probably figured this out .
But does that really mean we do n’t walk correctly ?
( Yes . )
I mean , do n’t we instinctively know how to walk ?
( Yes , sort of . )
Is n’t walking totally natural ?
Yes — but shoes are n’t .
“ Natural gait is biomechanically impossible for any shoe - wearing person , ” wrote Dr. William A. Rossi in a 1999 article in Podiatry Management .
“ It took 4 million years to develop our unique human foot and our consequent distinctive form of gait , a remarkable feat of bioengineering .
Yet , in only a few thousand years , and with one carelessly designed instrument , our shoes , we have warped the pure anatomical form of human gait , obstructing its engineering efficiency , afflicting it with strains and stresses and denying it its natural grace of form and ease of movement head to foot . ”
In other words : Feet good .
Shoes bad .
Perhaps this sounds to you like scientific gobbledygook or the ravings of some radical back - to - nature nuts .
In that case , you should listen to Galahad Clark .
Clark is 32 years old , lives in London , and is about as unlikely an advocate for getting rid of your shoes as you could find .
For one , he ’s a scion of the Clark family , as in the English shoe company C&J Clark , a.k.a.
Clarks , founded in 1825 .
Two , he currently runs his own shoe company .
So it ’s a bit surprising when he says , “ Shoes are the problem .
No matter what type of shoe .
Shoes are bad for you . ”
This is especially grim news for New Yorkers , who ( a ) tend to walk a lot , and ( b ) tend to wear shoes while doing so .
I know what you ’re thinking :
If shoes are so bad for me , what ’s my alternative ?
Simple .
Walk barefoot .
Okay , now I know what you ’re thinking :
What ’s my other alternative ?
Galahad Clark never intended to get into the shoe business , let alone the anti-shoe business .
And he likely never would have , if it were n’t for the Wu - Tang Clan .
Clark went to the University of North Carolina , where he studied Chinese and anthropology .
He started listening to the Wu - Tang , the Staten Island rap collective with a fetish for martial - arts films and , oddly , Wallabee shoes .
As it happens , Clark ’s father had invented the Wallabee shoe .
“ I figured this was my chance to go hang out with them , ” Clark says .
“ One thing led to another , and we developed a line of shoes together .
That ’s what sucked me back into the industry . ”
After college , Clark returned to England , where he started working with Terra Plana , a company devoted to ecologically responsible shoes , and started United Nude , a high - design shoe brand , with the architect Rem D. Koolhaas .
Then , in 2000 , Clark was approached by Tim Brennan , a young industrial - design student at the Royal College of Art. Brennan was an avid tennis player who suffered from chronic knee and ankle injuries .
His father taught the Alexander Technique , a discipline that studies the links between kinetics and behavior ; basically , the connection between how we move and how we act .
Brennan ’s father encouraged Tim to try playing tennis barefoot .
Tim was skeptical at first , but tried it , and found that his injuries disappeared .
So he set out to design a shoe that was barely a shoe at all : no padding , no arch support , no heel .
His prototype consisted of a thin fabric upper with a microthin latex - rubber sole .
It was n’t exactly a new idea .
It was a modern update of the 600 - year - old moccasin .
Photo : Tom Schierlitz
Brennan brought his shoe to Clark , and after some modifications , they came up with a very flexible leather shoe with a three - millimeter sole made of rubber and puncture - resistant DuraTex that they call the Vivo Barefoot .
“ There are no gimmicks , ” Clark says .
“ It ’s a back - to - basics philosophy : that the great Lord designed us perfectly to walk around without shoes . ”
At first glance , this seems like a sensible and obvious approach — to work with the foot , not against it .
But it represents a fundamental break from the dominant philosophy of shoe design .
For decades , the guiding principle of shoe design has been to compensate for the perceived deficiencies of the human foot .
Since it hurts to strike your heel on the ground , nearly all shoes provide a structure to lift the heel .
And because walking on hard surfaces can be painful , we wrap our feet in padding .
Many people suffer from flat feet or fallen arches , so we wear shoes with built - in arch supports , to help hold our arches up .
There are , of course , a thousand other factors that have influenced shoe design through the ages ; for example , people like shoes that look nice .
High heels have never , ever been comfortable , but they do make the wearer feel sexy .
In fact , the idea of strolling idly through urban environments has only been fashionable , or even feasible , in Western society for about 200 years .
Before that , cities had few real sidewalks , the streets were swimming in sewage , and walking as a form of locomotion was associated with poverty and the working class .
“ Only the upper classes , and especially women , could wear shoes that clearly defined an inability to walk very far , ” writes Peter McNeil and Giorgio Riello in the essay “ Walking the Streets of London and Paris : Shoes in the Enlightenment . ”
Walking was for peasants , who were “ barefoot and pregnant ” ; the rich , or “ well - heeled , ” took carriages .
Of course , more recently we ’ve become interested in shoes that are promoted as being comfortable , whether they ’re cushioned walking shoes or high - tech sneakers with pumps and torsion bars .
Still , the basic philosophy — that shoes have to augment , or in some cases supersede , or in some cases flat - out ignore , the way your foot works naturally — has remained the same .
We were not born with air bubbles in our soles , so Nike provided them for us .
Try this test :
Take off your shoe , and put it on a tabletop .
Chances are the toe tip on your shoes will bend slightly upward , so that it does n’t touch the table ’s surface .
This is known as “ toe spring , ” and it ’s a design feature built into nearly every shoe .
Of course , your bare toes do n’t curl upward ; in fact , they ’re built to grip the earth and help you balance .
The purpose of toe spring , then , is to create a subtle rocker effect that allows your foot to roll into the next step .
This is necessary because the shoe , by its nature , wo n’t allow your foot to work in the way it wants to .
Normally your foot would roll very flexibly through each step , from the heel through the outside of your foot , then through the arch , before your toes give you a powerful propulsive push forward into the next step .
But shoes are n’t designed to be very flexible .
Sure , you can take a typical shoe in your hands and bend it in the middle , but that bend does n’t fall where your foot wants to bend ; in fact , if you bent your foot in that same place , your foot would snap in half .
So to compensate for this lack of flexibility , shoes are built with toe springs to help rock you forward .
You only need this help , of course , because you ’re wearing shoes .
Here ’s another example :
If you wear high heels for a long time , your tendons shorten — and then it ’s only comfortable for you to wear high heels .
One saleswoman I spoke to at a running - shoe store described how , each summer , the store is flooded with young women complaining of a painful tingling in the soles of their feet — what she calls “ flip - flop - itis , ” which is the result of women ’s suddenly switching from heeled winter boots to summer flip - flops .
This is the shoe paradox :
We ’ve come to believe that shoes , not bare feet , are natural and comfortable , when in fact wearing shoes simply creates the need for wearing shoes .
Okay , but what about a good pair of athletic shoes ?
After all , they swaddle your foot in padding to protect you from the unforgiving concrete .
But that padding ?
That ’s no good for you either .
Consider a paper titled “ Athletic Footwear : Unsafe Due to Perceptual Illusions , ” published in a 1991 issue of Medicine and Science in Sports and Exercise .
“ Wearers of expensive running shoes that are promoted as having additional features that protect ( e.g. , more cushioning , ‘ pronation correction ’ ) are injured significantly more frequently than runners wearing inexpensive shoes ( costing less than $ 40 ) . ”
According to another study , people in expensive cushioned running shoes were twice as likely to suffer an injury — 31.9 injuries per 1,000 kilometers , as compared with 14.3 — than were people who went running in hard - soled shoes .
Photo : Tom Schierlitz
Admittedly , there ’s something counterintuitive about the idea that less padding on your foot equals less shock on your body .
But that ’s only if we continue to think of our feet as lifeless blocks of flesh that hold us upright .
The sole of your foot has over 200,000 nerve endings in it , one of the highest concentrations anywhere in the body .
Our feet are designed to act as earthward antennae , helping us balance and transmitting information to us about the ground we ’re walking on .
But ( you might say ) if you walk or run with no padding , it ’s murder on your heels — which is precisely the point .
Your heels hurt when you walk that way because you ’re not supposed to walk that way .
Wrapping your heels in padding so they do n’t hurt is like stuffing a gag in someone ’s mouth so they ’ll stop screaming — you ’re basically telling your heels to shut up .
And your heels are n’t just screaming ; they ’re trying to tell you something .
In 2006 , a group of rheumatologists at Chicago ’s Rush Medical College studied the force of the “ knee adduction moment ” — basically , the force of torque on the medial chamber of the knee joint where arthritis occurs .
For years , rheumatologists have advised patients with osteoarthritis of the knees to wear padded walking shoes , to reduce stress on their joints .
As for the knee - adduction moment , they ’ve attempted to address it with braces and orthotics that immobilize the knee , but with inconsistent results .
So the researchers at Rush tried something different :
They had people walk in their walking shoes , then barefoot , and each time measured the stress on their knees .
They found , to their surprise , that the impact on the knees was 12 percent less when people walked barefoot than it was when people wore the padded shoes .
“ If you can imagine a really big , insulated shoe on your foot , when you walk , you kind of stomp on your foot , ” says Dr. Najia Shakoor , the studies ’ lead researcher .
“ The way your foot hits the ground is very forceful .
As opposed to a bare foot , where you have a really natural motion from your heel to your toe .
We now think that ’s associated with more shock absorption : the flexibility your foot provides , as well as a lack of a heel .
Most shoes , even running shoes , have a fairly substantial heel built into them .
And heels , we now know , can increase knee load . ”
Another factor , she points out , is that when your foot can feel the ground , it sends messages to the rest of your body .
“ Your body tells itself , My foot just hit the ground , I ’m about to start walking , so let ’s activate all these mechanisms to keep my joints safe .
Your body ’s natural neuromechanical - feedback mechanisms can work to protect the rest of your extremities .
You have much more sensory input than when you ’re insulated by a thick outsole . ”
The same holds true with athletic shoes .
In a 1997 study , researchers Steven Robbins and Edward Waked at McGill University in Montreal found that the more padding a running shoe has , the more force the runner hits the ground with :
In effect , we instinctively plant our feet harder to cancel out the shock absorption of the padding .
( The study found the same thing holds true when gymnasts land on soft mats — they actually land harder . )
We do this , apparently , because we need to feel the ground in order to feel balanced .
And barefoot , we can feel the ground — and we can naturally absorb the impact of each step with our bodies .
“ Whereas humans wearing shoes underestimate plantar loads , ” the study concluded , “ when barefoot they sense it precisely . ”
Six students , of which I am one , have gathered in a studio at the Breathing Project in Chelsea , to learn how to walk properly .
“ Walking itself is the intentional act closest to the unwilled rhythms of the body , to breathing and the beating of the heart , ” wrote Rebecca Solnit in Wanderlust : A History of Walking , and this is what we ’re aiming for , more or less , as we circle the room slowly , in our bare feet , under the eye of our instructor , Amy Matthews .
She ’s a former dancer who now does private movement therapy , as well as teaching yoga , anatomy , and kinesiology classes as part of her Embodied Asana workshops .
This is day two of a ten - week class on the leg that started , conveniently for my purposes , with the foot .
Last week ,
Matthews showed the students how you should roll through each step as you walk , rather than simply clomping your feet up and down — a lesson that everyone is now struggling to apply .
When Matthews asks the class how things went over the past week , one woman is not thinking so much about internal rhythms or the beating of the heart .
Instead , she says , “ I learned one thing : Walking ’s hard . ”
MASAI BAREFOOT TECHNOLOGY
The thick sole mimics the soft , unstable ground on which our ancestors walked .
But your foot wo n’t roll through each step — the sole does the rolling for you .
NIKE FREE
After decades of gimmicky shoes , Nike released the Free : light and flexible , and available in various stages , with Free 5.0 pitched as halfway to barefoot .
VIVO BAREFOOT
Basically a leather slipper with a 3 - mm . - thick puncture - resistant sole .
It ’s thin enough to feel pebbles underfoot and flexible enough to fold in half like a wallet .
VIBRAM FIVE FINGERS
This fabric - and - rubber sock with individuated toes is primarily for outdoor sports like kayaking — though at least one entrant wore them to run in the Boston Marathon .
I too have learned one thing — that if you ’re interested in learning about barefoot walking , or the “ barefoot lifestyle , ” as it ’s sometimes called , there are lots of people out there who are interested in teaching you .
Websites like barefooters.org , the official site of the Society for Barefoot Living , will stridently explain that , for example , it is generally not illegal to drive barefoot , despite what you ’ve heard .
( This is true . )
And that only a few state health departments forbid people from going barefoot in restaurants ( also true ) , never mind all those signs that say no shirt , no shoes , no service , which are the handiwork of fascistic barefoot - haters .
Follow these enthusiasts too far , though , and you fall down a rabbit hole of eccentricity .
While there are many legitimate and relatively non-cuckoo clubs for barefoot hiking across the country , my search for some walking –barefoot–in– New York City enthusiasts led me to barefoot .
meetup.com , which led me to Keith ( “ I ’m a 43 - year - old man looking to meet new friends with my same interests ” ) , which led me to “ Dafizzle ” ( “ I like dirty feet and want to meet others who love walking in the city with dirty feet ” ) , which led me to Ricky ( “ I ’m a 24 - year - old male looking for females that like to have their feet played with ” ) .
Which led me to abandon my search for a barefoot - walking group in New York .
But any worries I have that Amy Matthews ’s class will be consumed with flaky spirit quests or roving toe - fetishists are quickly dispelled as she pulls out a model of a skeletal foot .
We spend the next hour learning about the 24 ( or , for some people , 26 ) bones in the foot , from the calcaneus ( heel bone ) to the tips of our phalanges ( toe bones ) .
There ’s so much information to absorb that , by the time we are back up and walking again , I ’ve already more or less forgotten the distinction between the cuneiform and the cuboid .
So it ’s difficult for me to examine other people ’s feet while they ’re at a standstill , which is our next assignment .
Which I figure is fine , given that , unlike the rest of these people , I consider myself a very accomplished walker .
I mean , sure , I have occasional back pain , and okay , when I walk long distances , I feel a grinding pain in my hip that I never used to feel before .
And , yes , when I visited Michael Bulger , a structural integrationist near Washington Park with an expertise in “ Rolfing , ” a kind of deep - tissue massage , and he Rolfed one of my feet , then had me walk around a bit for a before - and - after comparison , I felt , thanks to my un-Rolfed foot , like a pirate walking on a peg leg .
Still , I ’m feeling pretty confident when it ’s my turn to have my feet assessed .
The other students examine .
They confer .
They seem concerned .
Apparently , my ankle bones are stacked like a tower of Jenga blocks that ’s about to topple .
Then Matthews sits splay - legged in front of me , puts her hand on my ankle , and asks me to move my talus bone .
Weirdly , I ’m able to do this .
She explains that , when we do n’t use our feet properly , our muscles have to strain to compensate — not just in our feet but in our whole body .
She asks me to lift the front of my foot , which I also do .
She then replants my foot and asks me to “ trust my bones to hold me up . ”
And I have to tell you , in that brief moment , it felt like I had never stood up properly on my own two feet before in my entire life .
After class , I put my chunky Blundstone boots back on , and I tried to replicate that feeling of “ standing on my bones . ”
I could n’t , mostly because in my shoes , my feet could n’t even feel the ground .
I spent the rest of the day clomping around the city feeling like a guy wearing concrete blocks , waiting to be thrown in the East River .
Life consists of what a man is thinking of all day , ” said Ralph Waldo Emerson , and right now I ’m thinking of my feet .
I ’m test - driving a pair of Galahad Clark ’s Vivo Barefoot shoes , which makes it hard to think about anything else .
Barefoot running has been a subject of interest for serious runners for decades , at least since Ethiopia ’s Abebe Bikila ran the Olympic marathon in Rome in 1960 in bare feet — and won .
But barefoot running is a difficult discipline that needs to be learned properly , and you certainly should n’t be getting advice about it from me , someone who gets winded running for a cab .
The real question for New Yorkers is , What about barefoot walking ?
Is it possible we could be walking better ?
Well , if my first few minutes in the Vivo Barefoot is any indication , the answer is , Ouch .
Yes .
Ouch .
Barefoot walking is , in its mechanics , very similar to barefoot running .
The idea is to eliminate the hard - heel strike and employ something closer to a mid-strike : landing softly on the heel but rolling immediately through the outside of your foot , then across the ball and pushing off with the toes , with a kind of figure - eight movement though the foot .
There ’s a more exaggerated version of this style of walking known as “ fox - walking , ” which is closer to tiptoeing and which has caught on with a small group of naturalists and barefoot hikers .
Fox - walking involves landing on the outside of the ball of your foot , then slowly lowering the foot pad to feel for obstructions , then rolling through your toes and moving on .
All of which is great , if you ’re stalking prey with a handmade crossbow , or you ’re an insane millionaire hunting humans as part of the Most Dangerous Game .
As for walking in the city , fox - walking has no real practical application , in part because it ’s incredibly frustrating to master and in part because you look like a lunatic .
Similarly , you may have heard of a shoe called MBT , or Masai Barefoot Technology , which was developed in the early nineties by a Swiss engineer after studying the barefoot walk of the Masai people .
MBTs have gained a cult following because wearing the shoes forces you to work — and presumably tone — your leg muscles .
I can attest that this part is true .
After wearing MBTs for a short walk , you feel it in the backs of your legs .
What you ca n’t feel — at all — is the ground .
In an obvious irony , these “ barefoot ” shoes look like orthopedic shoes for Frankenstein .
You stand on a rocker - shaped sole that ’s designed to be soft and unstable .
This improves your forward step but makes it nearly impossible to move laterally , i.e. , slalom through slow - moving tourists in Soho .
And a ride in MBTs on the herky - jerky D train feels like someone ’s throwing an ankle - spraining party and you ’re the guest of honor .
The Vivos are a totally different experience , since they ’re as close to going barefoot in the city as you can get .
Barefoot walking should be easy to master , in theory , and Clark assured me that I wo n’t need any special instruction .
The first thing I noticed while wearing the Vivos is that each heel - strike on the pavement was painful .
Soon , though , I naturally adjusted my stride to more of a mid-foot strike , so I was rolling flexibly through each step — but then I noticed my feet were getting really tired .
My foot muscles were n’t used to working this hard .
After wearing the Barefoots for a while , though , I found I really liked them , precisely because you can feel the ground — you can tell if you ’re walking on cobblestones , asphalt , a manhole , or a subway grate .
( Striding along that nubby yellow warning strip on the subway platform feels like a foot massage . )
Of course , it ’s not often that you walk around New York , see something on the ground , and think , I wish I could feel that with my foot .
But this kind of walking is a revelation .
Not only does it change your step , but it changes your perceptions .
As you stroll , your perception stops being so horizontal — i.e. , confined more or less to eye level — and starts feeling vertical or , better yet , 360 degrees .
You have a new sense of what ’s all around you , including underneath .
Still , while I can accept that barefoot - walking is beneficial , it ’s hard to shake off 30 years of wrapping my feet in foam .
So I put this question — if bare feet are natural , why do we need shoes to “ protect ” the foot ? — to a podiatrist at the Hospital for Special Surgery , who explained , “ People who rely on the ‘ caveman mentality ’ are not taking into consideration that the average life span of a caveman was a heck of a lot shorter than the life span of a person today .
The caveman did n’t live past age 30 .
Epidemiologically speaking , it ’s been estimated that , by age 40 , about 80 percent of the population has some muscular - skeletal foot or ankle problem .
By age 50 to 55 , that number can go up to 90 or 95 percent . ”
Ninety - five percent of us will develop foot or ankle problems ?
Yeesh .
Those are discouraging numbers — but wait .
Are we talking about 95 percent of the world population , or of North America ?
“ Those are American figures , ” he says .
Which makes me think , North Americans have the most advanced shoes in the world , yet 90 percent of us still develop problems ?
We ’ve long assumed this means we need better shoes .
Maybe it means we do n’t need shoes at all .
Let ’s face it : I ’m not going to walk barefoot in New York .
Neither are you .
We ’re going to wear shoes .
So even if shoes are the enemies of our feet , what have we really learned ?
When I met with Amy Matthews , my standing - up - properly guru , I found out that , as a yoga teacher , she goes barefoot when she can , and the rest of the time she wears supportive shoes like Keens or Merrells .
“ The most important thing is to change up your shoes as much as possible , ” she says .
“ And let your foot do the walking rather than your shoe do the walking . ”
Even Galahad Clark still makes and sells regular shoes along with Vivos because , as he says , there are a whole host of reasons people buy shoes , most of which have nothing to do with comfort .
So weaning people — especially New Yorkers — off shoes is “ a bit like trying to wean people off sex .
It ai n’t going to happen , ” he says .
“ My girlfriend loves to put on heels at night .
Then the next day she puts her Vivos back on , to recover . ”
What you can do , though , is stop taking walking for granted and start thinking of it like any other physical activity : as something you can learn to do better .
Do n’t think of your feet as fleshy blocks to be bound up or noisy animals that need to be muzzled .
( Oh , my barking dogs ! )
In one of the Rush Medical College knee - adduction experiments , barefoot walking yielded the lowest knee load , but a flat sneaker , like a pair of Pumas , also offered significantly less load than the overly padded walking shoes .
My new Vivo Barefoots are n’t perfect — they ’re more or less useless in rain or snow , and they make me look like I ’m off to dance in The Nutcracker .
But when I do n’t wear them now , I kind of miss them .
Not because they ’re supposedly making my feet healthier , but because they truly make walking more fun .
It ’s like driving a stick shift after years at the wheel of an automatic — you suddenly feel in control of an intricate machine , rather than coasting on cruise control .
Now I better understand what Walt Whitman meant when he wrote ( and I hate to quote another Transcendentalist , but they were serious walking enthusiasts ) :
“ The press of my foot to the earth springs a hundred affections . ”
It might be hard to imagine that the press of your foot to the New York pavement could yield anything other than pain or disgust .
But if you free your mind , and your feet , you might find yourself strolling through a very different New York , the one Whitman rightly described as a city of “ walks and joys . ”
For those , who wondered “ Where did all the three Russian shuttles go ? ” .
One has been found on the backyard of some repairing shop .
via ru_aviation
Scientists are reporting synthesis of the world 's first DNA molecule made almost of entirely artificial parts .
The discovery could be used in the fields of gene therapy and other futuristic high - tech advances , such as nano - sized computers .
Courtesy of Masahiko Inouye
Chemists in Japan report development of the world 's first DNA molecule made almost entirely of artificial parts .
The finding could lead to improvements in gene therapy , futuristic nano - sized computers , and other high - tech advances , they say .
Their study is scheduled for the July 23 issue of the Journal of the American Chemical Society .
In the new study , Masahiko Inouye and colleagues point out that scientists have tried for years to develop artificial versions of DNA in order to extend its amazing information storage capabilities .
As the genetic blueprint of all life forms , DNA uses the same set of four basic building blocks , known as bases , to code for a variety of proteins used in cell functioning and development .
Until now , scientists have only been able to craft DNA molecules with one or a few artificial parts , including certain bases .
The researchers used high - tech DNA synthesis equipment to stitch together four entirely new , artificial bases inside the sugar - based framework of a DNA molecule .
This resulted in unusually stable , double - stranded structures resembling natural DNA .
Like natural DNA , the new structures were right - handed and some easily formed triple - stranded structures .
The unique chemistry of these structures and their high stability offer unprecedented possibilities for developing new biotech materials and applications , the researchers say .
Link : dx.doi.org/10.1021/ja801058h
Source : American Chemical Society
Explore further Teaching evolutionary theory to artificial intelligence reveals cancer 's life history
Tossing it like a Frisbee is OK .
The kids , cat and dog scratching the hell out of it is just fine .
But throwing away that CD is copyright infringement .
According to UMG
Recordings , that 's true insofar as the label 's promotional CDs are concerned : those thousands of unaccounted for discs the label mails out each year to reviewers , radio stations and others .
The record label says throwing away such CDs is a no - no because it claims it has an eternal right of ownership to them .
The label 's attorney taking that position is Russell Frackman , and he's no stranger to copyright law .
Frackman was one of the lead lawyers who brought down Napster .
Threat Level called him Friday at his Los Angeles office , and got " No reply . "
( Taking Frackman 's argument to its logical conclusion , Threat Level just opened itself up to a lawsuit for writing the name of a Beatles ' song without permission .
And deleting this post from your RSS inbox might also get you hauled into court . )
Frackman made the " throwing away " argument in a court filing this week in a federal lawsuit against a California man accused of copyright violations for selling UMG 's promotional labels on eBay and elsewhere .
The label claims Troy Augusto has no right to profit from the CDs because they are labeled as promotional materials not for resale .
Frackman claims that , for the defendant to have the right to sell the
CDs , he must " show the existence of a first sale for that particular
UMG promo CD . "
That , according to the label , means Augusto " must trace the chain of title of each specific copy of the UMG promo CDs he auctioned to the original alleged transfer of ownership . "
What the label is saying is that , for Augusto to claim a defense that he has a right to sell the CDs , he must demonstrate how he obtained the discs by providing " the requisite proof of a first sale . "
UMG says he could not have obtained them legitimately because the promotional material is not for sale .
Augusto had testified that if a CD he was auctioning did n't sell , he would give it away or throw it into the garbage .
" Both are unauthorized distributions , " Frackman wrote in a court brief .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is defending the accused pirate .
" According to the first sale doctrine , once a copyright owner has parted with ownership of a CD , book , or DVD , whether by sale , gift , or other disposition , they may not control further dispositions of that particular copy ( including throwing it away ) , " EFF attorney Fred von
Lohmann wrote on his blog .
" It 's thanks to the first sale doctrine that libraries can lend books , video rental stores can rent DVDs , and you can give a CD to a friend for their birthday .
It 's also the reason you can throw away any CD that you own . "
A hearing is set for May 5 in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles .
Photo flattop341
See Also :
US Waging A Covert Campaign Against Venezuela
United States Waging A Covert Campaign Against Venezuela - Nelson Davila By Syed Akbar Kamal
See Spike Mountjoy Video Interview Below :
The man who helped found Bolivarian Revolutionary Movement in Venezuela is on a mission to see blanket of cohesiveness spread across Latin America against United States covert campaign in the region .
Nelson Davila Venezuela 's charge d'affaires for Australia , New Zealand and Fiji recently toured New Zealand conducting public meetings to apprise the people of New Zealand about Venezuelan revolutionary movement in the context of President Hugo Chavez 's initiated ' socialism of the 21st century ' that saw the formation of United Socialist Party of Venezuela .
He felt this was necessary to directly speak to the grass roots people as the message of Venezuelan revolution did not percolate down the blatantly anti-Chavez propaganda of United States which is often carried in the international media without the other side being heard .
Darpan - The Mirror brings you an exclusive interview with the man on a mission .
*****
Syed Akbar Kamal is producer / director for the current affairs programme Darpan - The Mirror .
www.teamworkproductions.co.nz
ENDS
© Scoop Media
As the region and the state strive to prepare workers to compete in the new economy , a local research group warns that huge numbers of people are likely to be left behind .
Tens of thousands of black men are not only unemployed but nearly unemployable in a knowledge - based economy , so investments in higher education and in high - skills job training will not reach them , Policy Bridge argues in a study to be released Tuesday .
" The Job Prescription : Examining Pervasive Joblessness Among African - American Men " argues that creative strategies are needed to re-introduce the working life to jobless black adults , some of whom have given up on ever finding steady work .
" That 's a pretty scary trend , " said Randell McShepard , a vice president at RPM International and chairman of PolicyBridge , a think tank founded in 2005 to explore issues critical to the black community .
" It 's the kind of thing we do n't talk about so much . "
The report , written by McShepard and Mark Batson , Policy Bridge 's executive director , along with researcher Fran Stewart , warns of a " full blown economic emergency " left largely untreated .
It 's well known that the black unemployment rate well exceeds the white unemployment rate here and nationally , but even that alarming number reflects only people actively looking for work , the authors point out .
For a clearer look at the workforce , the authors combined the numbers of unemployed with the numbers of jobless black adults reported to the U.S. Census Bureau .
By their reckoning , 38 percent of black men ages 25 to 54 in Cleveland are not in the labor force .
Regionwide , 31 percent of black men of prime working age are not working .
The numbers do not surprise Claudia Coulton , co-director of the Center on Urban Poverty and Community Development at Case Western Reserve University .
" That 's the long - term trend that people are concerned about : More African American men are disconnected from the labor force , " she said .
Some are disabled .
Some have felony records .
Some have lost hope and are no longer looking , the authors say .
Their sheer numbers -- about 35,000 adults in the region -- demands attention .
" That 's a big number of people who are going to be disenfranchised for a very long time , " McShepard said .
" Somehow , new ideas need to come to the table , " Batson added .
Often , a work ethic is lost in communities afflicted with long - term joblessness , making its residents even less attractive to employers .
The report call for focused attention to the problem and suggests a couple of helping strategies .
Investments aimed at increasing the numbers of college graduates and high - tech workers , while important , will not lift the urban black underclass anytime soon , the report argues .
Policy Bridge calls for more basic adult job training and job matching .
It suggests alternatives to jail for drug offenders , like " skills training camps , " and more programs aimed at helping high school drop outs earn degrees .
The issue may even demand a marketing campaign , one promoting the working life in communities where men rarely leave the home for work .
" The standard and usual practices for placing these hard - to - place individuals , we know they do n't work , " McShepard said .
" We 're saying something different has to happen . "
What is it with billionaires and wind farms ?
Famous oil magnate T. Boone Pickens has received equal parts praise and ridicule for suggesting that a giant wind farm in the Texas panhandle is part of the answer to the country 's energy woes .
Mayor Michael Bloomberg now has a similar proposal , except he thinks the windfarm should be in Manhattan .
Bloomberg wants to festoon the city 's skyscrapers and bridges with wind turbines as part of a broader effort to turn the Big Apple green .
CBS :
The mayor 's " windmill power plan " is the boldest environmental proposal yet from the billionaire independent , who has been trying to make energy efficiency a legacy of his administration .
Speaking at a major conference on alternative energy Tuesday night in Las Vegas , Bloomberg proposed putting windmills on top of city bridges , and skyscrapers , and turbines in the Hudson and East Rivers .
" When it takes to producing clean power , we 're determined to make New York the number one city in the nation , " said Bloomberg .
Think Bloomberg is bluffing ?
Think again .
The mayor is apparently so serious about the idea that he met with the wind god himself :
... the mayor had lunch with T. Boone Pickens - the oil baron trying to build the world 's largest wind farm in Texas - to talk about possibilities for such technology in New York City .
Bloomberg gave companies until September 19 to submit innovative proposals to make the city " greener " by 2030 :
" It would be a thing of beauty if when " Lady Liberty " looks out on the horizon , she not only welcomes new immigrants to our shores but lights their way with a torch powered by an ocean wind farm , " the mayor said .
Maybe , but as New York taxpayers , we do wonder how much these exotic systems are going to cost .
Sure , it would be great if Lady Liberty were powered by a wind farm , or hamster wheel , or a giant potato battery , but not if it means a substantial increase to city tax rates which are already extortionary .
There 's a lot of love given to chocolate - covered strawberries and candied bacon , but why not combine the two ideas to create chocolate - covered bacon ?
The odd - sounding dessert will intrigue family and friends , but do n't worry .
They will love the scrumptiously sweet and smokey edible gift .
Chocolate - Covered Bacon Adapted from Katie Sweeney , POPSUGAR
Food Ingredients 1 pound thick cut bacon
12 ounces white chocolate candy melts , like Ghirardelli White Melting Wafers
12 ounces dark chocolate candy melts , like Ghirardelli Dark Melting Wafers Directions Preheat oven to 375 °F .
Place bacon on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper or a half sheet pan fitted with a cooling rack .
Bake in the oven until bacon is cooked ( 15 minutes for soft bacon , 20 minutes for crispy bacon ) .
Let bacon cool on the pan for 5 minutes then transfer to a plate lined with paper towels .
Meanwhile set up a double boiler by heating a large saucepan filled with water over high heat until boiling .
Reduce heat to a simmer .
Set a heat - proof bowl over the simmering water .
Add white chocolate and stir with a rubber spatula occasionally until smooth and completely melted .
Remove bowl and set aside .
Add a second heat - proof bowl over the simmering water .
Repeat process with dark chocolate Cover another baking sheet with parchment paper .
Using tongs , carefully dip half the bacon into the melted white chocolate turning to coat all sides in chocolate .
Transfer to the clean sheet of waiting parchment paper .
Repeat with the remaining slices of bacon , dipping them in the melted dark chocolate .
Reserve a few slices of bacon , crumble them , and sprinkle them atop the dipped bacon pieces .
Let chocolate set at room temperature or refrigerate until chocolate is hard .
Consume within a few days .
Information Category Desserts , Chocolate Cuisine North American Yield Makes 1 pound bacon
By Joseph L. Galloway – McClatchy Newspapers
Early next week the U.S. Senate will vote on an extension of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , with a few small amendments intended to immunize telecommunications corporations that assisted our government in the warrantless and illegal wiretapping it has grown to love .
That such a gutting of the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution even made it out of committee is yet another stain on the gutless and seemingly powerless Democratic majority in both houses of Congress .
That a majority on both sides of the aisle — not least of them the presumptive nominees for president of both political parties — intend to vote for such a violation of Americans ’ right to privacy and of the sanctity of their personal communications is a stunning surrender to those who want us to live in fear forever .
We are living in a time when the right of habeas corpus — which simply put is your right to be brought before a proper court of law where the government is made to prove that there is good and legal reason to detain you — recently survived by a margin of only one vote at the U.S. Supreme Court .
Now these bad actors are prepared to set aside your right to privacy — written into the Constitution as a key part of our Bill of Rights — with hardly a nod in the direction of the true patriots who rebelled against an English king and his army to guarantee those rights .
That they will do this while the last empty phrases of the political windbags at the Fourth of July celebrations are still echoing across a thousand city parks and the bright red , white and blue bunting and blizzard of American flags still flap in the breeze is little short of breath - taking .
How dare they ?
Those denizens of the White House and Capitol Hill and all those gray granite buildings that line avenues with names like Constitution and Independence in the nation ’s capitol would have us believe that we must trade our rights , all of our rights , for some measure of security from the terrorists .
They would have us believe that a nation of 300 million people must surrender what a million other Americans gave their lives in war to protect in order to protect us from a couple of hundred fanatics hiding in caves in Waziristan .
Benjamin Franklin himself wrote of such a debate :
“ Those who can give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety . ”
The fact that British troops , operating on flimsy general warrants handed out by local magistrates , were kicking in the doors of ordinary Americans and rifling through their pantries and papers in search of smuggled , untaxed goods was a prime reason why our ancestors rebelled against their king and went to war .
This is WHY we celebrate the Fourth of July .
This is why the vote on renewing the expanded version of FISA and whitewashing the egregious violations of the Fourth Amendment for seven long years by our government is important .
If neither John McCain , the Republican , or Barrack Obama , the Democrat , can find the courage to oppose such a violation of so basic a right , then what are we to do for a president , a successor to George W. Bush , The Decider , who has since 9/11 decided what rights you are entitled to keep , what laws he will or will not obey , and whether you will be protected by these words of the Constitution :
“ The right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no Warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by Oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized . ”
That ’s it .
That ’s the Fourth Amendment .
That is what these folks in Washington , D.C. , have violated continuously and in secret for seven long years .
Somewhere across an ocean and a desert , hiding in his cave , a man of hate named Osama bin Laden is laughing up the sleeve of his dirty robe at the thought that he and a small handful of fellow fanatics could tie a great nation in knots — knots of fear stoked by our own leaders .
We have done incalculably more and greater damage to ourselves since September 11 , 2001 , than a thousand bin Ladens and ten thousand al Qaida recruits could ever have done to us .
Franklin D. Roosevelt famously declared that “ we have nothing to fear but fear itself . ”
Now it would seem that we have no one to fear but ourselves and our leaders .
The questions I pose are these :
How can even one senator on either side of the aisle in good conscience vote in favor of this law that does nothing to enhance our security and everything to diminish our rights as a free people ?
How can both men who seek to become our next president cast such a vote when both should be standing shoulder - to - shoulder declaring that they would govern by our consent and with our approval , not by wielding the coercive and corrosive and corrupt powers that King George III and his latter - day namesake from Texas thought are theirs by divine right ?
( Original Source )
ILLUSTRATION BY GIA - BAO TRAN
The arrest of three alleged eco-terrorists on January 13 was thanks to the work of a mysterious FBI informant who went by the name of Anna .
Advertisement
On the morning of January 13 , the FBI was keeping a close eye on a cabin in Dutch Flat , about a half - hour north of Auburn .
The government had the cabin and its four occupants — two men and two women — under 24 - hour surveillance for nearly a week because the group was suspected of plotting acts of domestic terrorism in the name of the Earth Liberation Front .
The four left the cabin at around 10 a.m. in a 1997 maroon Chevy Lumina and traveled about 30 miles to a Kmart in Auburn .
There were agents inside the store , watching them shop .
Agents outside watched the parking lot , too , as one of the men , 28 - year - old Eric McDavid — tall and athletic , who wore his red hair short under a baseball cap — returned to the car with his companion , Anna , a pretty , dark - haired woman in her mid-20s .
Inside , 20 - year - old Lauren Weiner and 20 - year - old Zachary Jenson continued to shop , stopping a clerk to inquire about Pyrex cookware .
All the while , agents watched and waited .
Once all four reassembled in the parking lot , carrying bags full of household cleaning supplies and a Pyrex bowl — bomb - making materials , according to the government — members of the FBI , the SWAT team and the Joint Terrorism Task Force moved in .
It was n’t a violent takedown .
Three from the group were quietly handcuffed and loaded into patrol cars .
Their shopping bags were inspected , quickly inventoried and loaded into the trunk of another .
All but Anna were taken to the Sacramento County Jail and then charged with conspiracy to commit arson .
The government alleged that the conspiracy was part of a planned terrorist bombing campaign targeting power stations in San Francisco , a forest - genetics research lab in Placerville and even the Nimbus Dam .
The three never saw Anna again .
She had befriended them , brought them together , paid the rent on the Dutch Flat cabin and encouraged them every step of the way .
She had been an FBI informant all along .
According to a report from FBI agents , Jenson muttered , “ Friday the 13th , what a day , ” from the back of the squad car as they drove away to jail .
The green scare
The arrest of the three would - be eco-terrorists was part of a larger crackdown on what the government considers one of the most fearsome domestic terrorist organizations in the United States : the Earth Liberation Front .
That same month , with great fanfare , the FBI and the U.S. Department of Justice announced the arrests of 17 alleged members of ELF , charged with 65 counts of arson and conspiracy .
That investigation was called Operation Backfire .
But critics , like the National Lawyers Guild , call Operation Backfire and other investigations and arrests of eco-radicals the “ green scare ” and a misuse of resources to fight terrorism .
“ The indictment tells a story of four - and - a - half years of arson , vandalism , violence and destruction claimed to have been executed on behalf of the Animal Liberation Front and the Earth Liberation Front — extremist movements known to support acts of domestic terrorism , ” said Attorney General Alberto Gonzales at the press conference announcing the results of Operation Backfire , on January 20 , just a week after the arrests of Weiner , McDavid and Jenson .
“ Investigating and preventing animal - rights and environmental extremism is one of the FBI ’s highest domestic - terrorism priorities , ” said FBI Director Robert Mueller at the same press conference .
That quote was widely reprinted in newspapers all over the country .
Here ’s another , which did n’t make it into most media accounts :
“ The FBI becomes involved , as it did in this case , only when volatile talk crosses the line into violence and criminal activity , ” Mueller also said .
Keep that in mind as you read further .
The government says that its confidential source , Anna , foiled the plot cooked up by McDavid , Jenson and Weiner .
But court documents suggest that it took a lot of care and feeding , encouragement and money from the FBI informant , Anna , to get this particular conspiracy to hatch .
In May , Weiner agreed to plead guilty .
She faces a maximum of five years in prison and is free on bail , living with her family in New York .
Last week , after more than six months in the Sacramento County Jail , Jenson also agreed to a plea bargain , and to testify against McDavid .
He ’s been released on bail and is scheduled to be sentenced in early October .
That leaves McDavid left to stand trial .
He ’s the oldest , and the one prosecutors say was the real leader behind the plot .
He was also the one who was closest to Anna , the FBI informant who stuck with McDavid for a year - and - a - half , asking him questions , making suggestions and acting as if she were his lieutenant while reporting on his every move to the FBI .
According to testimony from Sacramento - based FBI Special Agent Nasson Walker , she got paid at least $ 75,000 for her work .
The defendants ’ lawyers say that there could have been no conspiracy at all without Anna .
Documents from the investigation reviewed by SN&R suggest that Anna provided much of the financial support , the encouragement and the know - how needed to turn their talk into action .
They also show that whenever the group started to lose focus , or to have second thoughts , Anna badgered them about being all talk and not sticking to an action plan .
“ She was the glue , ” said defense attorney Mark Reichel , who represents McDavid .
“ Take away Anna , and they would have scattered in the wind like so many tumbleweeds . ”
Anna the anarchist
ELF , and its sister group , ALF , the Animal Liberation Front , has been a tough organization for the FBI to crack — mostly because , as U.S. Attorney Steven Lapham notes , “ it ’s not an organization . ”
It ’s not an organization in the sense that a criminal gang , or the Mafia , or a group like Al Qaeda is an organization .
Federal law enforcement works against these groups in large part by arresting the foot soldiers and prying information out of them about the higher - ups .
With perseverance , and enough underlings flipping on their bosses , you ’ve got a shot at decapitating the organization .
Not so with ELF .
These folks are , after all , anarchists who believe in an anti-authoritarian way of organizing society .
Nobody pays membership dues ; there are no bosses or foot soldiers .
They carry out their actions , from simple tagging and vandalism to firebombings causing millions of dollars ’ worth of damage , under the banner of ELF .
They have been credited with $ 110 million in property damage to date , from car dealerships to ski resorts since 1997 .
Though the government considers ELF one of the most important domestic terror groups in the nation , if not the most important , so far , nobody has died as a result of an ELF action .
Lapham prosecuted the ELF firebombing of a UC Davis veterinary clinic in 1987 .
He also prosecuted the Unabomber , Ted Kaczynski , in 1998 and members of the San Joaquin County Militia for conspiring to blow up two large propane tanks in Elk Grove — in order to start the second American Revolution — in 2002 .
And he ’s the lead prosecutor against McDavid , Weiner and Jenson .
ILLUSTRATION BY GIA - BAO TRAN Anna pushed the others constantly to stick to the plan .
She told them she liked the idea of taking out the Nimbus Dam .
He claims ELF is a serious threat .
“ These people are committed to a cause , a cause that has as its tenets property destruction and violence . ”
Cracking ELF requires a special approach .
And that ’s where someone like Anna comes in .
In an affidavit filed in the case , FBI Special Agent Walker said that the “ confidential source ” ( the government never refers to Anna by name ; it ’s always the “ source ” ) had been used in at least 12 prior investigations of anarchists and anarchist groups .
“ Her information has proved accurate and reliable , ” Walker said , and she was “ granted authority to participate in Tier 1 Otherwise Illegal Activity ” as part of the investigation .
Tier 1 means investigations of the most dangerous criminals : terrorists .
OIA means just that .
Anna was allowed to break the law in order to get her collar .
McDavid first encountered Anna in Iowa in 2004 , at an anarchist convention called CrimethInc .
He was already friends with Jenson , who also went to Iowa that time .
“ She showed up with this pink hair and camo miniskirt .
I guess she was pretty cute , ” said Reichel .
According to Reichel , Anna and McDavid never slept together , but there was romantic tension between the two over the next year - and - a - half .
“ They argued like a couple .
Everyone around them assumed they were sleeping together .
She definitely had my boy after her . ”
The two would see each other again about a year after the Iowa convention .
In the meantime , it seems , Anna had work to do in southern Florida .
According to accounts of organizers of a protest against the Organization of American States in June 2005 , Anna showed up in the Miami area , posing as an activist and volunteer medic .
Miami organizer Ray Del Papa said he believes the FBI was monitoring organizers of the demonstrations , even though they were legal , permitted and not intended to include any civil disobedience or “ direct action . ”
“ I was on the phone one day , complaining to someone that we only had one volunteer medic , ” Del Papa explained .
“ I think the phones were tapped , because the next day , this woman Anna shows up , with short blond hair , in these leather pants , with a medic bag . ”
But Del Papa said Anna did n’t seem very interested in offering medical care and comfort to protesters .
She was more curious about the protest organizers .
“ She started asking all of these really specific questions about who was coming and how many people were coming .
She got really aggressive about wanting detailed information about our plans . ”
During the march , Del Papa said , Anna started recruiting high - school students to stage a sit -in to block traffic , right in front of a large group of Broward County sheriff ’s officers in riot gear .
Del Papa was sure the provocation would lead to arrests and to the police clearing protesters from the area around the Fort Lauderdale Convention Center where the protest was being held .
“ It was a trap , ” Del Papa told SN&R .
That ’s when Del Papa was sure that Anna was a government agent .
Not that it ’s uncommon for political demonstrations and meetings to have an undercover agent or two in their midst .
“ What bothers me is that they ’ve gone from being information gatherers to being provocateurs .
To provoking people into these actions . ”
Mark Reichel went to Miami to check it out .
He brought a photo of the Miami Anna , taken by organizers there , back to his client in the Sacramento jail .
It was the same Anna , McDavid told him .
VIEWPOINT
Ann Pettifor
Organisations campaigning on climate change need to learn the lessons of the anti-slavery and anti-apartheid movements , says Ann Pettifor .
By focusing on individuals rather than governments , initiatives such as the recent Energy Saving Day are bound to fail in their bid to reduce emissions , she argues .
Could the US civil rights movement be a model for climate campaigners ?
Climate change is the issue of the day .
Scientists finally agree on the threat to the planet posed by rising temperatures .
Books on the subject proliferate .
Campaigners , like those at Plane Stupid , do amazing things to bring it to public attention .
Big business frets too .
The world 's giant investment funds join green groups in demanding drastic action .
Paul Hawken , author of Blessed Unrest - How the Largest Movement in the World Came into Being , writes that " there are over one - maybe even two - million organisations ( worldwide ) working toward ecological sustainability and social justice " .
And yet ... and yet ... there is no real climate change movement .
There is no organised effort leading society towards a legislative framework that would urgently drive down greenhouse gas emissions across the board , and begin to sequester carbon dioxide .
Not in the UK , or in the US , or internationally .
The " movement " that Hawken refers to is , he notes , " atomised " and " largely ignored " .
Green organisations ... fail to highlight the need for the kind of change that can only be brought about by governmental action
Yet in September 2007 , a public opinion survey from Yale University ( in conjunction with Gallup ) found that " nearly half of Americans now believe that global warming is either already having dangerous impacts on people around the world or will in the next 10 years " .
The authors noted that this was " a 20 - percentage - point increase since 2004 " , representing " a sea change in public opinion ... and a growing sense of urgency " .
If there is a " growing sense of urgency " , why is n't there a climate change movement in the US ?
Low level lighting
The reason is that green organisations focus on individual ( " change your lightbulbs " ) or community ( " recycle , reuse , reduce , localise " ) action .
They fail to highlight the need for the kind of structural change that can only be brought about by governmental action .
Governments helpfully collude in this atomisation and fragmentation of action and reaction .
Throughout history , social movements have focused on the need for government action .
Campaigns against the Iraq invasion failed - should they have tried harder ?
The anti-slavery movement sought to change laws that permitted slavery .
The suffragette movement only ensured votes for women once discriminatory laws had been displaced ; the anti-apartheid movement was only successful once apartheid laws had been removed .
In the US , the black civil rights movement campaigned from 1947 until the introduction of the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 1965 Voting Rights Act to end discrimination in certain spheres .
Today , as the UK government 's hesitancy in dealing with Northern Rock reveals , governmental action is unpopular and out of fashion .
Not just with big business and neo-liberal economists , but also with anarchists and many green campaigners .
Minimal government is now ideologically dominant .
The failure of anti-war demonstrations to halt the Iraq war is often cited as evidence of the failure of governments to respond to such popular pressure .
However , as the civil rights movement demonstrated , a successful campaign does not stop at one defeat .
It moves forward inexorably over time , in pursuit of its legislative goal .
Fair shares
The population at large instinctively understands that they alone , or even in community , cannot deal with the threat of climate change .
They are acutely aware that while individuals may take action , others may become " freeriders " .
Parliaments fiddle while the planet burns , and individuals are pressured to take responsibility
They know a fair legislative framework is required to share the burden of adjusting to climate change equitably between rich and poor .
Burden - sharing has several dimensions ; between those who live in Bangladesh and those who live in Zurich , those who drive 4x4s and those who cycle , those who take foreign holidays and those who do not .
In the UK , Ipsos Mori polled public attitudes to climate change in July 2007 .
Seventy percent " strongly agreed " or " tended to agree " that " the government should take the lead in combating climate change , even if it means using the law to change people 's behaviour " .
Green organisations in the UK support the government 's very cautious climate change bill by lobbying for a stronger legal framework - but not much stronger .
The call by UK NGOs for 80 % cuts in greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 - now accepted by government - lacks ambition , and underestimates the urgency .
Furthermore , the call for action by 2050 is so distant that the government feels under no pressure .
Switching off Growing scientific evidence of accelerating greenhouse gas emissions , melting icecaps and the shrinking capacity of " sinks " to absorb emissions means we need bold , urgent action by government to drive down emissions to zero .
Britain 's only Christian campaign dedicated exclusively to climate change , Operation Noah , pressures government to take much more radical action - to cut emissions by 90 % by 2030 , not 2050 .
We may not have got it right , but we are trying to pressure government to act urgently , and to mobilise society in the way that Jubilee 2000 mobilised millions of people to cancel third world debt .
In other words , we are pressing for governmental action by a deadline .
E - Day : A good use of energy ?
To succeed , climate change campaigns first need first to unite - at both national and international levels .
Secondly , they must unite behind a radical goal that requires structural change , regulation and enforcement that will urgently drive down emissions and sequester carbon dioxide .
Thirdly , they need to exercise leadership by mobilising society in a concerted way behind this goal .
This will intensify pressure on politicians and governments .
It ai n't easy , but it has been done before ; witness the Jubilee 2000 global campaign .
As things stand , the movement remains disparate , atomised and marginalised .
This frees politicians to expand airports and increase road capacity .
Parliaments fiddle while the planet burns , and individuals are pressured to take responsibility for global climate change by " switching off at the wall " .
And so , inevitably , the Titanic 's deck chairs are rearranged - and energy use goes up , rather than down , on Energy Saving Day .
Ann Pettifor is executive director of Advocacy International and campaigns adviser to Operation Noah The Green Room is a series of opinion articles on environmental topics running weekly on the BBC News website Do you agree with Ann Pettifor ?
Do environmental groups focus too much on individual actions , forgetting the political picture ?
Do governments encourage this as a way of deflecting attention ?
Can individual or community actions achieve the kind of society - wide emissions cuts that scientists believe are necessary ?
This is utter nonsense .
Ms Pettifor clearly has no knowledge of the work done by environmental NGOs to influence Government , and can't have done any research - or she would have quickly found out that all of the gains that have been achieved in the UK on climate have been led by green organisations .
If it were n't for the green movement lobbying and talking to Government and Parliamentarians , there would be no Climate Change Bill , no Draft Marine Bill , no Energy Bil etc etc .
I am a lobbyist for a large environment charity .
Our work is focused on changing legislation as it is unanimously recognised that it is really only national and international policy that can halt climate chaos .
Now that we have succeeded in getting the environment to the top of the political agenda , our challenge is to make sure that Government takes the right action , now .
Ask any Defra Minister and they 'll tell you we 're getting through - however willing they 've been to listen .
James MacColl , Londn , UK
An article in this morning´s newspaper about the state of the Meditteranean Sea : it sums it all up .
The Med is turning into one of those ponds you see in parks : devoid of life and full instead of coke cans and plastic bags .
You can have your unsustainable lifestyles , your big cars and your foreign holidays , you can lay waste the forests for ethanol , you can be seduced to buy more and more of that which makes you happy .
You can overconsume to your heart´s content , but use the Earth´s resources unwisely and you will have to face the results of those choices .
Simple and scientific : cause and effect .
We degrade our environment and will have to take the consequences .
, A conclusive argument for the existence of man-made climate change - over and above the natural fluctuations exerted by sunspots , volcanic activity and local weather events - is made by looking at those people and organisations who preach climate denial .
Invariably , they are selfish , greedy , boorish , impatient , loud , arrogant , comfortable .
Their arguments are founded on their individual rights to continue to live as they do .
They wrongly consider that their erroneous facts and dodgy statistics equate to a balancing or counterveiling body of evidence that should be accorded equal respect , air - time and column inches to the established climate change point of view .
They should be less transparent if they want to be taken seriously .
Ultimately , I believe that the best arguement for changing our behaviour is that it is impolite and inconsiderate not to do so .
It is like not standing up to give your seat to an old lady on a bus .
Jonny , Buntingford , UK
In general I agree with what was said in the article .
Government can , and should , play a pivotal role .
When a majority of a nation 's people agree on something the politicians should follow , not vice - versa .
The argument that there is too much government is a smoke screen .
If we want less government lets level the playing field by doing away with the subsidies towards big business , or better yet lets give subsidies to everyone .
Government works when it is for the people bu the people and not in the pocket of businesses .
Look at history : the Manhattan project was government , the federal highways ( in the US ) , the Civilian Conservation Corps ( in the US ) , getting a person into space / onto the moon , ... Government can work .
We the people need to spend less time blaming whatever is in vogue ( via the media ) and spend that time on keeping our elected officials under a microscope .
On another note , one , plus , million " environmental " organizations is a lot .
Imagine what would happen if they were to consolidate .
Sadly these organizations are categorized , compartmentalized , and weakened because of their lack of organization .
Håkan , Maine , USA
We can huff and puff about lightbulbs and biofuels until we 're blue in the face , but the ultimate problem is too many people and too few resources .
When the green movement start protesting outside maternity wards rather than airports , I might have some respect for them .
I 'm demonised and taxed to the hilt for owning a ( small ) car , yet inflicting decades of future resource demand on the planet is somehow ok and is actively encouraged ?!
Hardly fair .
If resources and consumption levels are the problem , the easiest solution is less people , but nobody has the spine to say it .
Phil , Watford , UK " Scientists finally agree on the threat to the planet posed by rising temperatures . "
I 'd love to be able to agree with this statement as it stands but I just can't .
The concensus ( if there truly is such a thing ) seems to be a political one rather than scientific .
I suspect we'd all be a lot better off if the politicians got right out of the equation and gave the scientific community a clear voice with which to properly debate all this .
Then we might actually learn something .
Dave Ogman , Doncaster
What if the tipping point really was in the 1980's ?
If our environment changes and economies collapse , do n't we deserve it ?
Perhaps we are the generation that must bear witness to the un-making of our world so that our grandchildren can understand and live more carefully .
Biodiversity will recover after a very very long time .
It always does .
Our world is quite old .
Adrian LeCesne , New Haven , Ct I found Philip Strong 's comment , " When the previous generation was faced with the threat of nazi expansionism , governments directed firm and coordinated actions " very interesting .
Because , of course , they did n't - at least , not until it was already too late .
Their appeasement of Hitler during the 1930s allowed the war that eventually broke out to become a global conflict that killed tens of millions of people .
We may only hope that world governments ' inaction over global warming does not have similarly dire consequences .
James Kane , Manchester , UK I think
Ann makes some very telling and useful points in this article .
Having worked in and around the environmental movement for 17 years I hear a lot of echo's of the truth in what she says .
And to be honest have witnessed many in the movement not living up to the practices they preach to others .
However , Ann - like many others who raise these points - fails to provide answers to the fundamental question .
In a democratic society like ours how do we get the bold political leadership we so desperately need ?
A lot more could certainly be done in terms of an aggressive and sustained national debate ; backed , dare I say by some political consensus .
But as Ann herself points out " Minimal government is now ideologically dominant . " and " ... governmental action is unpopular and out of fashion . "
So as soon as the government sets a clear direction ( which will mean changes for us and how we live our lives ) people squeal and politicians of all hue simply run away .
Dropping the 2 p rise in fuel and the opposition to road charging being two recent cases in point .
So how are we going to square the circle ?
Perhaps , rather than portraying this as an either or debate , it should be portrayed as both .
Stuart Singleton - White , Reading , UK Unfortunately , politicians rarely give real leadership .
They are managers sailing the fickle winds of public opinion , only able to do what has sufficient public support .
If they did what was really required to tackle this environmental crisis , we 'd chuck them out .
Just look at Ken Livingston and his road charging scheme .
What is required is a sea change of heart and mind in our relationship with the natural world and it's resources .
Only when we realise that we 're destroying our life support machine will we be prepared to let politicians take the difficult , but necessary decisions .
Stephen Spain , York
No government can seriously address climate change and a host of other serious international problems within the framework of the global neo-liberal financial system where governments have little or no control over their economies instead its rule of globally mobile electronic money by international financial speculators .
Any government that challenges the existing ' race to the bottom ' of removal of environmental and social regulations and corporate tax cutting , they know , will be punished by economically disastrous capital and corporate flight - to other nations NOT doing so .
Only international action can work .
I believe the strategy of " The Simultaneous Policy " is the only one I have seen so far with a chance of solving this problem , www.simpol.org
Tony Harvey , London , UK Dave of Boston writes : ' Think about what you do in a given day that requires CO2 emissions in one way or another : what you buy , what you eat , where you work , what you do at home , etc .
Now cut that by 80 % .
Sorry , but it 's just not going to happen .
That is , unless we all go back to living like it's the 1600's or something . '
That completely misses the point .
Of course , most of us , acting individually , cannot cut our CO2 emissions by 80 % even by 2050 .
But acting collectively , TOGETHER , and with support and guidance by governments , and technological initiatives by innovative corporations , we can - and we can almost certainly do it at less cost than the vastly expensive ' adaptation ' measures that would be required to make human life tolerable under the drastically changed climatic conditions that unchecked global warming will produce .
( see Nicholas Stern 's report for a first stab at estimating costs and benefits , or the more recent McKinsey report ) .
There is no reason why , if we act now , we should see a reduction in our long - term living standards .
Technological change , sensibly harnessed , can bail us out .
But to make that happen , we need the political will to act .
For a little encouragement , check out Al Gore 's latest at : Al Gore : New thinking on the climate crisis http://www.ted.com/talks/view/id/243
Chris , Canterbury
There is a big difference between asking people in the North to sign a petition and tell them that to get rid of the third world 's debt would cost only a few quids per person ( as in the Jubilee 2000 campaign ) , and asking them to get rid of their foreign holidays , big cars , imported goods and food .
That is why it is much harder to build up a green movement .
Criticizing other organisations can be useful sometimes ( but it might be incompatible when one asks at the same time for " unity " ) , but one could rather recognize that all the different environmental organisations are trying their best , with their different sensibilities , to change both individual behaviours and the structure of society .
Changing individual behaviours is also a way of walking the talk and showing commitment , in a way that simply signing a petition or asking the government to take action does not .
No organisation , no individual , no motivation is perfect .
Vic King , England Nonsense .
Not all scientists agree on the global warming threat .
The green movement should not aspire to be like the anti-slavery or anti-apartheid movements .
These were movements to free people , quite rightly to .
The Green issue has not been proved .
It is a new excuse for tax .
Can you imagine the uproar if the Government started the green bandwagon ?
They would be accused of scare - mongering !
Matthew Davies , Barry
This ' green issue ' would make forecasts of inpending doom a lot more sense if mankind was somehow to blame for a global climate cooling and consequent reduction of CO2 .
Warmth and CO2 are essential for life to exist .
The geological and historical record repeatedly confirm that periods of elevated temperature ( all naturally caused ) promote a rise in CO2 , as the biomass thrives and cycles this gas .
The whole Quaternary period of the ice age has been characterised by abnormally low CO2 .
Ice and frost represents a massive threat to most life forms .
Dick , Rye UK
I agree with Ann that governments need to lead action if it's to be anything like big enough to deal with the issue but governments will only do things if they think the population will buy into them .
Personally I find the idea that driving a car , or doing many of the other things we take for granted , increases the number of bangladeshi flood deaths each year horrifying .
However , the comments posted by others suggest that there 's still a lot of work to do before people will accept that something far reaching needs to be done , so carry on trying to stir up the public conscience !
David Cooper , Bridgnorth , UK First off - the overwhelming majority of the scientific community do agree that climate change is happening and that human activities are the main contributor to the current event .
I know this because I am currently doing an Earth Sciences degree that involves climate change , and try as I might I just can't find any climate sceptics .
I know that there are about 500 scientists from various fields who signed a declaration denouncing climate change earlier this year , but like I say , the overwhelming majority would disagree with them .
So there .
Secondly , for the information of Mr Taylor from Glasgow , Volcanoes do not produce 10 x the carbon dioxide per year that humanity does , temperature has been recorded very reliably since the '50s and clearly shows increase and the moon is not made of green cheese .
Third and finally , nuclear would be a better solution if they would build thorium reactors instead of the uranium ones we get now .
Uranium as usable in normal reactors will be running out in 50 years at current rate of use anyway .
However , thorium reactors produce fewer weapons - grade byproducts , so we wo n't be seeing any of those until the uranium runs out , I suppose .
Bob , Edinburgh
One reason why we need collective action to encourage governments to act to mitigate climate change is that it is clearly asking too much of most people to understand the issues or , individually , to take the necessary remedial action .
Most people 's knowledge and understanding of science and the nature of scientific evidence is simply too limited for them to grasp the enormity of the environmental changes we face .
People like Chris Bowie and Stephen Taylor do not understand the evidence or the dynamics of climate change .
Short - term fluctuations in surface temperatures do not contradict the long - trend towards catastrophic global warming .
The overwhelming weight of scientific opinion is that global warming is real and is , to a significant extent , attributable to human - induced emissions of greenhouse gases .
The evidence to 2006 was summarised in the IPCC 4th report , and most subsequent evidence is that the warming trend and its consequences are more alarming than the IPCC consensus suggested .
http://realclimate.org/
offers a summary .
So we need governments to lead the struggle against climate change , and movements to give them courage to do so .
Now !
chris , canterbury
Want governments to take green action ?
Vote for the Green parties in your country .
Chloe , Glasgow I am sorry that Ann Pettifor has decided to single out my Ban The Bulb campaign and Energy Saving Day for criticism .
The Ban The Bulb campaign has successfully made the case for using regulations and legislation to phase out energy guzzling technologies , where good alternatives exist , and alter tax systems to remove perverse incentives to buy cheap , but wasteful technologies .
Following this campaign 30 countries , including Australia , China and the 27 member states of the EU , have agreed to phase out incandescent light bulbs within the next few years .
The EU has also announced plans to cut the VAT on energy saving products .
Further Energy Efficiency measures are also on the agenda in a way that they were not before .
In addition , bans ( which were once a dirty word ) have also been proposed for other polluting items such as plastic bags and patio heaters .
In the build up to Energy Saving Day I spent two years inviting businesses , charities , religious groups , scientists , government agenci !
es and individuals to work together on shared goals and to do what they could to help tackle climate change .
I also asked everyone to be ambitious and to help send clear signals of their support to politicians and business leaders .
In the end , it was very hard to raise awareness of E - Day because of the celebrity and gimmick - obsessed media filter that all such projects have to pass through and the difficulties associated with getting lots of different organisations to offer their whole - hearted support to something new and independent .
Even so , I have since noticed many more people talking about the merits of co-operation and saving energy and feel I did the best I could .
There are many organisations that are totally failing to achieve anything when it comes to tackling climate , even thought they sit on top of lots of power and funding , so I feel proud of what I have achieved from my bedroom with the assistance of a computer and some focused passion .
Dr Matt Prescott , Oxford Excellent article .
The answer is SIMPOL http://www.simpol.org.uk/.
This organisation identified the need for collective action and is a grass roots initiative which allows everyoine to feel valued and effective .
Everyone who applauds this article should join TODAY !!
julie lowe , Sheffield A typically ill - informed , alarmist view from yet another green fanatic claiming the planet is burning .
Well it is n't , and Ann Pettifor 's hectoring should be ignored for the dreary nonsense that it is .
Does the BBC have an endless supply of these shrill busy - bodies on tap ?
Alan Johnson , I am afraid that as long as corporations can offer big bucks into private bank accounts in foreign banks , and people can only offer their votes , the people 's interests will be doomed .
People , on the other hand , can refuse to buy anything but compressed air driven cars .
they can also ride motorbikes , using almost no gas for commutes .
Al Miller , paterson , nj. usa every day more and more research comes out which shows that the science is not setteled and i like many are just not convinced .
The most powerful force on this planet is not the historically normal climate change but the ecnomic growth which is lifting many millions of people around the world out of poverty and i do not want any lefties pretending to care about the enviorment and know nothing of the real science to end that .
Mark , Ireland Yes , I agree with Ann that structural change is needed .
However , governments no longer wield the " real " power to do that .
Multinational corporations hold sway over structure .
After all , a corporation is actually a piece of paper with legal standing .
A corporation has no heart or conscience .
Corporate goals are almost completely pragmatic and materialistic .
I , along with many , have seen people cheat and steal in the name of " the company " that would never do such in their own right with their friends , family and community .
What corporate board will agree to cutting back on growth and profit whilst companies in China and India take up the slack ?
Corporate charters simply do not have the structure to allow this .
How do you make an emotional appeal to a charter ?
We perhaps hold onto the idea that humans have " inalienable rights " respected by governments .
However , with so many people , the " political worth " of one person is greatly diminished .
I do regret that I can not be !
more positive .
sky@wholesome-food.org.uk , Hartland , Devon UK
I partially agree with this article .
The problem I think is that this should not be JUST a green movement .
Rather it should be a Social Justice and Anti-Capitalist movement with a special green focus .
The only way to bring everyone together is to make it something from below - something that resonates with the poorest of the poor .
Climate change wo n't resonate unless it is connected to their feelings of exploitation .
Its not a coincidence that Evo Morales in Bolivia and the Zapatistas in Mexico are highly climate conscious .
The only real change on climate issues will come as a pro-poor movement - otherwise it'll just be a bunch of relatively privileged people working with businesses to have them pollute just a tad bit less .
And no , the jubilee movement was not so successful because the same issues they are against as still happening in full force .
Jared , Cape Town , South Africa
This is absolutely correct .
I would add only one further , supporting point , which is the misguided obsession of many of my fellow " greens " with sin and shame .
Raising a stink about celebrities who have big houses , ride in big cars or rack up lots of air miles plays well to scandal - hungry media .
But it 's a completely wrongheaded approach .
Neither SUVs nor incandescent light bulbs nor food miles are the problem .
Increasing concentration of greenhouse pollutants in the atmosphere of our world , as a whole , is the problem .
The solution is to reduce this to a safe level .
In aggregate , nations and individuals must be responsible for staying within our " fair share " of that safe level .
The end .
There is absolutely no reason to determine that some uses of this " fair share " are wrong and evil , while others are totally immune from criticism .
Out with prescriptivism .
In with living -- within our means -- as we individually choose to .
Matthew Kuhns , Elyria , Ohio , U.S.A .
Did you ever consider that the people of the world are consciously taking on this responsibility precisely BECUASE their governments have failed them in this important issue ?
Sam Walker , Columbia , SC , USA
The masses will probably always be stuck in the cycle of denial and despair which breeds inaction .
Those of us who are able to move forward do so because we love the moment and hope that people will continue to love the moment seven generations from now .
NAFTA is an example of the limited power held by the world 's governments .
It is the corporations which now define the matrix .
Therefore , voting with our money , getting off the grid , and prayer that love will win is the only course of action possible .
Two words : Ephimeralism & Permaculture .
Blessings & love in solidarity .
Jempa , U.S. I blame mass media today .
People have become so comfortable that they do not care about attending a protest .
They are disillusioned with apathy .
Watching TV all day will do that to a person .
Especially now when our president will not listen to more than half our his countries people .
I dont blame people thinking that the only way they can make a difference is individually .
Thomas , Tuscaloosa , AL I agree strongly with Ann Pettifor 's article .
I hope that all the people I heard say ' voting does n't change anything ' while out canvassing the other day for the Green Party , do n't really believe this .
It 's symptomatic of the emphasis on the individual instead of society which has been brainwashed into us .
We have been taught to find private , individual solutions to public problems .
Environmental groups are simply doing the same .
Governments have themselves given away much of their power through privatisation of public services .
My grandfather was a South Shields miner who took part in the Jarrow Hunger March , and was a Labour Party member for twenty years .
If he had lived long enough to see his only granddaughter graduate from university I do n't think he would have said that voting does n't change anything .
Nor would my father , who left school at 15 .
If you do n't like your leaders , get involved with a political party , or stand for the parish , Town , District , City or County Council yourself .
Make suggestions or objections to local plans .
Write to Ministers , MPs , hell , run for Parliament yourself .
It 's a slow , sometimes heartbreaking task , but eventually things do change .
margaret devlin , Bream , UK Unfortunately politics is n't a compulsary subject at school .
If it was then people might realise they should be demanding much more from their own politicians and councillors while they are in power rather than leaving them to their own devices until its time to vote .
Everyone moans about Gordon Brown , but I wonder how many of the moaners know the name of their own local councillor or their councillors views on the issues that matter to them .
Malcolm Parker , Hook , UK
The green agenda will not gain traction from government until there is some unanimity about what they are trying to achieve .
At the moment , there is just a cacaphony of noise .
If the issue is genuinely about CO2 levels , then anything that reduces CO2 should be on the agenda - sequestration , nuclear , re-afforestation , wind , solar etc etc .
Problem is , the greens do n't agree to nuclear ; they protest deforestation , but most do n't seem to buy re-afforestation or carbon sequestration ; some groups do n't like dams for hydro ; some groups wo n't accept wind farms ( the noise scares the trees ) ; everyone apparently sees solar as being the solution , despite its huge cost , ability to only achieve a fraction of our total needs .
No -one considers the effect of reflection on birdlife .
We have a ludicrous situation where people think that turning off the lights for an hour and sitting in candle light is a partial solution - fact is you can't turn off a coal - fired power station for an hour , and the candles produce yet more CO2 .
When the overall green movement is able to demonstrate a clearly thought - out agenda , governments will start to listen .
Darryl Sparrow , Sydney Australia Global warming is different in that people suspect it will require significant changes and possibly significant sacrifices from everybody .
So nobody is quite sure they want to contribute to the cure , or even be forced to contribute along with everybody else .
Bill Mosby , Salt Lake City , Utah , U.S.
As someone says , talk about shooting the messenger .
Why not also " there are none so deaf as will not hear ? " or " do n't expect anyone to listen to you if their job depends on them not doing so " I do n't think there 's anything wrong with the greens and they way they 've been conducting their campaigns , most greens fully understand the over - arching principles of sustainability .
They have been talking about th limits to growth , pollution , acid rain , overpopulation , over - fishing , global warming for years .
They have been offering alternative wasy to run our economies on a truly sustainable way for an equal number of years .
The problem is that our whole economy is based on unsustainable growth predicated economics , we have built a whole $ 65 trillion dollar world economy on it .
Its like a cancer , or an addiction , it has taken deep root , and the rich and powerful who have benefitted most from it are not going to give it up without a mighty fight .
Much of the criticism of the Green 's !
focus on the detail is not valid , the reason we are looking at power saving lightbulbs or carbon offsets or whatever is because society would prefer to do this as a " feel good " and basically diversionary measure , anything , anything other than face up to the reality of the problem , and the fact that we wo n't deal with it without making rather larger sacrifices than disposing of incandescent light - bulbs or recycling newspapers .
Our inability to deal with the rather simpler problem of oil depletion proves my assertion well enough .
John Monro , Wellington , New Zealand Democracy wo n't save the planet because when survival is at stake people will always act and vote selfishly .
Bringing the Earth back into equilibrium will take much much more than shallow homage to low power lightbulbs !
Reversing the effects of the unbridled release of 100 million years worth of accumulated carbon over the last 200 years would require another 200 years of equal effort to put it back into the ground again and take it out of the short term carbon cycle .
This of course is unimaginable , and could n't even be achieved over the next 10,000 years , so we are stuck with the consequences of what we have done .
However , let us not lie down and die yet .
Oil will run out anyway , so let 's use some of what is left to create cleaner alternatives , and keep the rest in the ground for emergencies and pretend it has already run out .
Perhaps even if we could cover the entire Earth with billions of trees , it would n't be enough to absorb the CO2 already released from fossil fuels .
Perhaps some massive energy efficient engineering could also be devised to sequester this excess atmospheric CO2 and bury it ?
Andrew Haveland - Robinson , Budapest , Hungary Anne Pettifor is partially right .
Napoleon is reputed to have stated that there is only two ways to motivate troops ( substitute that for people ) and that is interest and fear .
With so much going on in peoples lives , interest is being overwhelmed by many issues unless it affects many people on a personal level .
That leaves fear as the motivating factor .
Climate change is now proven to be real and the follow on affects are not being promulgated forcefully .
Along with rising CO2 emissions and climate change is atmospheric oxygen depletion as a result of burning so much of it by human activity and not being replaced fast enough by plants , trees and the oceans .
Some reports put the level below 15 % in the centre of some cities and that is scary .
If oxygen depletion can be proven absolutely then that will be the greatest factor in bringing climate change to the fore because of the fear factor .
Oxygen levels below 15 % means no combustion , below about 10 % no air breathing life .
' The 5 great e!
xtinctions of life on the planet in the last 500 million years have occured when atmospheric oxygen levels were at their lowest in each 100 million period ' , cited from Peter Ward , Professor of Biology at the University of Washington , Seattle in his article " Breath of Life " New Scientist 28/04/07 .
The answer : as much electric powered transportation as possible , recharged from sources using renewable energy .
The writer is a retired airline pilot , previous director of the New Zealand Airline Pilots ' Association and a qualified meteorologist .
Captain David Clemow , Auckland / New Zealand .
Sweet Jesus Christ theres a lot of idiots commenting .
OK .
Climate change is happening , and it is very likely that it is caused by humans .
Yes there are spikes and dips but look at the TREND .
It 's higher than it should be , and is probably caused by us .
If the chance that it is us is so high is n't it worth spending money ?
You all have fire insurance right ?
Second .
Ann Pettifor is right , we need a united national then international movement that identifies global warming as the threat and proposes ONE solution to tackle it .
Greenpeace need to forget about nuclear and focus on the most pressing issue .
Third .
Yes , of course the piece is onesided .
THATS IT'S JOB .
It 's supposed to be provocative and inspire debate .
Fourth and most importantly : when you raise something 's price , people buy less of it .
If you put a price on carbon business can factor that into the price of oil or plastic or whatever , people will buy less of it , and emmissions are reduced .
" Acting locally " doesnt work , we 're too lazy .
We need to persuade the government to force us .
Haydn , Brussels , Belgium Ann Pettifor 's second sentence spells out the real problem .
" Scientists finally agree on the threat to the planet posed by rising temperatures .
Books on the subject proliferate . "
Scientists do NOT agree .
temeperatures have NOT risen since 1998 .
But she is right in stating that books on the subject proliferate .
Is it not possible to have an informed , intelligent discussion on this without Pettifor 's type of evangelical sermonising .
Andy Cunningham , melbourne , Australia I agree with thopse who are frustrated by lack of action on Global Warming .
Let me introduce a crtical variable .
We are approaching the end of the great Oil Party .
That is going to cause problems that will be brought home to every single person on the planet .
Of course the poor nations will suffer most as gas prices rise as the supply runs down .
Using corn for Ethanol just jacks up the price of food .
The Oil that 's still out there will be far more expensive to extract .
After 150 years of abuse , the Planet is about to hit back .
Plan for the big bust comming .
Go plant a garden of veggies so you got something to eat .
Robert Schrank , Center Moriches NY .
USA Atomisation of the Green Lobby may actually be for our own good at the moment .
You gain a wider acceptance based on what works and what does n't personally and practically .
It 's not too difficult to go more Green , but to listen to a politician sounding off on Green issues is more frightening than the practicality .
I just wish we could offset the cost against our increasing tax burden here in the UK .
We have a small industry ready to take on the problems once the UK Gov has made a mess of it and we 've finally run out of North Sea Oil Revenue in 2020 .
Philip Searle , London the reason campaigners say " it 's not enough " is because it 's not enough .
look at the statistics - 80 % , 90 % cuts required .
and that also requires governments to act on the large - scale problems that are beyond individual [ consumer ] action .
why act without perfect scientific certainty ?
because the consequences of changing our way of life , and finding it was unnecessary , are less than the consequences of doing nothing and suffering long - term planetary disaster .
steve collins , london england Governments wo n't do anything significant to drive down greenhouse gas emissions until there is a major disaster in the West - London flooded , massive hurricane damage in Florida , relentless drought in Spain , thousands dead in prolonged heatwave .
By that time it will be too late to do anything that will stop our current lifestyles going down the pan .
There are just too many climate change deniers who can't face the reality of the changes in lifestyle that would be needed now to stop the worst happening . .
Only a major technological breakthrough that can combine sunlight and atmospheric carbon dioxide and water to produce a liquid hydrocarbon that could replace fossil fuels offers any hope for a future much like the present .
But do n't bet on it .
Dave Parker , Bishop 's Stortford , UK " Scientists finally agree on the threat to the planet posed by rising temperatures . "
No they do n't .
There is no absolute consensus in the scientific world at this point as to whether the Earth is in a warming trend or cooling trend .
Either way it is cyclical and has been in recorded history .
The statement is deceptive at best .
Jonathan , Charleston SC USA
I do n't think it 's necessarily an either / or between individual actions and societal / governmental actions .
The free rider problem is real ; but if nobody is willing to take the action solo , then nobody will be willing to do it after a law is passed .
So there is a need for some actions to be taken at the individual level first .
If individuals can and do carry out the action in significant numbers , then it is plausible that with a law in place , more would do so .
Also that once the individual actions are widespread enough , there would be support for the national ( international ) laws .
R. Grumbine , Washington , DC , USA I feel nothing will happen till a large worldwide cataclysm brings about a monumental shout from the people .
Maybe when all the reefs die , when there is widespread famine or huge storms every month .
What must be understood , is that there are still people in power who do n't give a----- there attitude is well I wo n't be here so why worry .
We can't even stop making war amoungst ourselves or rid ourselves of Nuclear weapons .
If anything this Global Climate issue may bring an end to war , and after that we may be able to resurect whats left of the planet .
This may be a good thing which will unite the entire World at last .
John Duczek , Kapunda , South Australia Regrettably , my country 's president chose not to promptly implement the Kyoto accords and so neither China nor India , the other two largest producers of greenhouse gasses , would implement the accords either .
I am hoping beyond hope that Mr. Bush will be replaced by a more visionary leader who jumps on this issue like a ton of bricks .
If we stop CO2 production now , it may still be too late , but by 2050 ?
Ridiculous !
By then we shall all be " enjoying " beach front property .
Matt Bartruff , Oroville , California USA
The author of this article has failed to mention a significant section of the ' green movement ' that does address concerns at a governmental level : the Green Party .
Though the name of the party has slight variations in its name , depending on its location - global greens are united in their approach to making green reforms through local and national goverments .
/>
Jason Santo , Southwestern Ontario , Canada
I often see people ( such as Stephen Taylor ) say things such as 'it is a fact that human beings contribute only 3 % to worldwide CO2 production , volcanoes produce 10 times this ' .
It 's sad and problematic that people quote and believe facts that are not facts at all .
It 's very time consuming to refute all such claims , but it must be done , one claim at a time .
The generally accepted scientific figures show man producing about 150 X the CO2 that is produced by volcanoes ( http://tinyurl.com/3hasm).
But do n't take my word for it , learn to do some real research before spewing your views .
Nevertheless the article makes a good point .
It is clear that it is very difficult to get individuals to make sacrifices when they see freeloaders getting away with nothing .
This is the best argument for legislation .
We may also need to reframe the argument .
Oil , coal and gas WILL run out .
Many of our raw materials will also run out in the near future unless we recycle them .
We need to learn to become more efficient before that happens .
It 's in all our interests to develop the technologies and adopt the mindset to do this .
Fergus Kane , London
As this chain demostrates , many people are not yet ready to act as individuals .
They , in effect , advocate that we ignore the threat and ' roll the dice ' ( hoping it proves to be a false alarm ) .
Considering what is at stake this hardly seem a wise , or even prudent , response .
For the sake of future generations there is a moral imperative to act .
When the previous generation was faced with the threat of nazi expansionism , governments directed firm and coordinated actions , often with profound impact on people 's lives .
Surely this generation can now make the few small sacrifices ( or adjustments ) that seem necessary to respond to the current threat .
It is now right to look to governments ( as our highest authorities ) to show the wisdom and leadership to safeguard our futures .
Philip Strong , Barcelona , Spain
Thanks .
This is such a wonderful article in many ways .
It reminds of how important it is to take responsible action and aid these causes rather than sit idly by until something tragic happens .
Those of us who care about the environment need to continue to put pressure on governments since they have the political will and if they truly care can make a positive change .
It 's also good to be reminded that change doesnt come immediately but we must keep trying and eventually we do succeed .
Look at the example you give of Dr. Martin Luther King .
It took a while but we got there eventually .
Aura Collins , Guyana I am a conservationist , yet Ms. Ann comes across as your typical Big Government liberal elitist .
Also , there is no small Government in the USA , it dominates our lives .
Be it at the Federal , State , or local level .
So please , with the we do n't have enough government .
Give me a break !
I WANT TO BAN THE AUTOMOBILE and they call me a libertarian .
Marcus Aurelius , Amherst , Ma , USA
For those who claim that human beings contribute only 3 % or slightly ( insignificant amount ) to emission of CO2 , I have to say that the Earth has its own cycle which deals with naturally emitted CO2 ( the phytoplankton in the ocean are taking care of alot of the CO2 ) .
The problem here is the fact that the mankind is now adding more CO2 to the atmosphere which changes the balance .
Think about the rivers and lakes that are disappearing , as soon as we humanbeings start interfering with the natural cycles , changes will take place and there will be consequences .
An Environmental Chemist , Florida , United States Imagine a world without pollution .
World needs green goverments .
They will save a lot of money and resources .
Let 's start with human popullation .
Veliastenasia , Mexico
I have become very cynical about the role of government and climate change .
The Australian government continues to make the right noises , for example signing the Kyoto protocol .
But on the ground it is business as usual or worse .
For example , at the moment we are fighting tooth and nail the construction of a massive pulp mill in the Tamar Valley which will consume 10's of thousands of hectares of our old growth forest and spew massive amounts of carbon into the atmosphere .
Massive forestry burn off's take place in Tasmania and our air is the foulest on the planet at certain times of year .
I think we are being deceived and for governments and big business it is business as usual .
But they expect the the man in the street to make the changes .
I hope the BBC publishes this and please give this issue exposure it deserves .
The world needs to know what is going on in our island .
For readers , information about this mill can be found at http://tapvision.info/
Du ! ncan Grant , Launceston Tasmania
A scientist 's response to a number of comments such as " i still personaly side with the scientist who are not believing that the planet is doomed . " , " This article starts by claiming that scientists agree that climate change is a fact and that the human race is largely responsible ..... this of course is not true " , and " Only last week prominent climate change scientists admitted they had ' got it wrong ' " .
No , sorry , and please do not speak on behalf of the scientific community .
The consensus of the scientifc community is that global warming is occurring , it is causing climate change , and the overwhelming cause is the increasing emission of greenhouse gases because of fossil fuel consumption .
We are agreed on that .
Peter Roopnarine , San Francisco Stephen Taylor from Glasgow suggests in his comment that since humans only emit a small percentage of the total CO2 going into the atmosphere each year , we must just have a small effect on CO2 levels .
Where he gets his numbers from I do n't know , but what he fails to mention is that human emissions are on top of the normal emission / absorption of the earth - sea - air system ( which includes the occasional volcano eruption ) , and thus we 're responsible for the increase in CO2 in the air .
Quite how some people can believe they know better than an independent panel of top climate experts , is beyond me .
James , Guildford , UK Human - induced climate change can be equated to obesity .
The root cause lies in over - consumption .
The solution can be found in the simple concept of supply and demand .
The greater the demand , the greater the strain on our resources needed to fill the supply .
Since economies are driven by demand , governments have no incentive to act until individuals reduce their demand on global products and resources .
Be the change .
Janel , USA
The article makes a point that should be heard loud and clear , and that should inspire these fractured groups to unify around a POLITICAL message .
It 's been a source of frustration for years : I am a filmmaker who made a film for the Live Earth campaign but was disappointed that the message I put forth about power generation was drowned out by Live Earth 's consistently consumer oriented approach that totally avoided governmental / political / macro action .
Rather than focus on a change in the power grid , for example , there was endless talk of lightbulb switching and hybrid driving .
No matter how many bulbs you change , if the world 's energy needs are increasingly met by coal , nothing will change .
We must start voting green , start protesting green , and really force the issue !
Gabriel London , Los Angeles , CA No-one does anything , because everyone knows there are only two things that would make any difference : 1 ) stop producing electricity and 2 ) stop using internal combustion engines .
M. D. Dunderdale , Nõo , Estonia I think this piece is very correct .
Individual people can only do so much in a world where huge internaitonal corporations can lobby governments for favorable treatment and their scale of economy allows them to out - price a more eco-friendly and smaller firm , whcih would be easier for the " little guy " to influence .
Goverments should step in to control business / industry - related greenhouse gas in conjunction with citizen efforts to get people to " turn off at the wall " .
Also , in Buffalo , NY - an old steel city near Canada - a new wind farm opened a year ago on the contaminated site of an old steel mill .
The 8 turbines were put up within a year of the announcement and look very futuristic .
Dan , Buffalo , NY USA
This week 's survey says it all : we care about the environment but not enough to do something about it - or even pay a bit more tax .
We ridicule Nero for fidlling while Rome burned , but what about us - flying and burying our heads in the sand while the planet fries .
We are a disgrace - our grandparents risked or gave their lives for our ( small ) country in the 1st and 2nd World Wars , and we do n't even lift a finger for our entire planet .
Sid Smallface , Barcelona , Spain
We really need the US and Britain to take a lead on this as we did with CFCs , but with Bush and now Boris in charge I fear we are all doomed .
Amy Gibson. , London .
I do not care whether climate change is real or not .
It will prove through the decades .
But what I DO see is an urgent need for the protection of the environment as a whole .
And I 'm tired of people not doing anything because they argue over the reality of climate change .
whether climate change or not - our environment needs protection .
the better the sooner .
and even if it proves one day that climate change does not exist or is not caused by humans - if the whole issue has prompted actions to make the world greener , it has my blessing .
Joanna , Austria though i agree with anne pettifour 's sentiments , it needs to be pointed out that it was th christian religion that introduced the belief of çoncecrated ground , whereby only ground blessed by a priest was concidered sacred ; all other ground was fair game for exploitation ... this belief has caused more environmental damage than any other , and desperately needs to be addressed before any change becoes possible ...
niall o'draighnean , limousin , france
There 's a saying , " Think globally , act locally " .
If you scale this down further , one can translate it to , " think government - ally , act individually " .
It 's hard enough to change one 's own habits , forget about changing a society's .
Having said that I should be shutting down my computer to save the ....
Sriram Krishnan , Cape Town , South Africa
Anyone who thinks that it is even possible that we can reduce our CO2 emissions by 80 % by 2050 , without a global economic collapse , is seriously delusional .
This recent opinion piece froom the Wall St. Journal says it nicely .
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB120934459094348617.html?mod=opinion_main_commentaries
It makes much more sense to prepare and adapt to the effects of global warming , than to try and prevent it by cutting emissions .
I know that goes against the hysterical ideology of the GW alarmists , but it is the only rational option .
More government control over our lives is NOT the answer .
Think about what you do in a given day that requires CO2 emissions in one way or another : what you buy , what you eat , where you work , what you do at home , etc .
Now cut that by 80 % .
Sorry , but it 's just not going to happen .
That is , unless we all go back to living like it's the 1600's or something .
And doing that by 2050 is just based on today 's world population .
If you take into account what it will be in 2050 , the feat becomes even more impossible .
Dave , Boston , MA
This article appeals for government imposition as opposed to persuasion .
This is wrong and counterproductive .
Removing discrimination against blacks or cancelling third world debt is an altogether different kettle of fish to imposing a different lifestyle on all people .
It is naive to equate these issues with climate change .
Living sustainably and fairly with future generations entails a radical lifestyle change for all which politicians are loath to impose and electorates unwilling to accept especially when the jury is still out on ' man made ' climate change .
John Zammit , Valletta , Malta
One of the most widespread exhortations to reduce use of transport is to ' leave the car at home and walk or bike ' .... yet we still have road priorities that give the advantage to car users !
Make cars give way to cyclists , make residential streets one - way to motor traffic and slow them to 15 mph and you will begin to transfer the advantage to those who leave their cars at home .
That is relatively low - cost to implement and will drive into public thinking the need for changing how we live .
John Maclaren , Daventry .
, Environmental activism largely ignored social issues for so long and the two are largely connected , as if just two sides to the often worshiped perverbial coin .
I believe that greed and corruption , everywhere , not just UK or USA are mostly to blame .
And I agree that it 's difficult for those who came before to tell those coming now " you ca n't do this or that " especially when their growing economies are largely fueled by overseas investment grown out of bad policy that stubbornly will not relent .
I feel sorry for the children who will have to clean up after us .
They never asked for this .
On the hopeful side , I do believe technology , once freed from the grasp of political & corporate greed will make great positive impacts to give us all enough hope to turn this around before it 's too late .
I just wish there were more Americans who thought about their actions rather than evaded reality and flitted along in their " pods " from one pod to another with ipods on their heads and !
their bellies filled with unnatural , overprocessed manufactured food watching tv to numb them into ever - increasing detachment from humanity and the beatuy in the world .
Jill , Santa Barbara , California
Of course I agree with Ms. Pettifor , and i think anyone who does n't see the writing on the environmental wall is either in a state of denial or a religious zealot hoping to meet Jesus in a rapture hotspot .
Or too busy to care .
Big business has cleverly made the cost of living so high in the over - developed world , that we scramble to keep up and there 's not much time left for full - on participatory democracy .
Meanwhile Darth Cheney and TweedleBush drive the colonial agenda like it 's 1965 .
Our failure to stop the Iraq War is a tragedy because there 's no solving the Environment Crisis without first solving the War Problem .
War is the most terrible destroyer of both the natural kingdom of life and the spirit of man .
It will take real leadership by a new kind of leader , someone like Barack Obama , to see our way out of this trap and convince the coddled consuming masses to stop for a day , a week , a month , and let nature return to some balance .
There are too many people on Earth to c! onsume at the levels we are told is OK .
Business and government must wake up to the call or we 're " toast " .
Owen O'Toole , Los Angeles , CA , US I completely agree that it is more effective for governments to change peoples habits through integral campaigns which combine publicity , law enforcement etc .
However , I would argue that too much disparity would be created if it was left up to goverments to come up with individual objectives .
A master plan should be divised through the UN or such an international organization which can create aligment and then each country should adapt in accordance with guidelines which make it feasable for them .
Natasha Stubbs , Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic
What do you mean by climate change ?
It is way too woolly .
Do you mean global warming ?
Problem is there has n't been any for a decade .
So you do n't have any climate change either .
You just have weather .
Wotan , Dumfries , Scotland If Global warming is the biggest threat to our world , the we need more nuclear power , more solar power , and we need to develope where we can geo - thermal power .
Wind and other sources could help .
We also need to develope another type of engine to run on something other than the Petrol we now are using .
Is this a crisis that needs fixing , yes .
Do we need panicky solutions and fear - mongering ?
No
Ed Scott , Carmel , NY , USA
The reason why the population says that it cares about green issues but does n't support green politics is that all the green movement seems to offer is turning off the comforts of modern life and going back to subsistance farming .
Wind farms kill birds , tidal kills fish , solar concretes over the green belt , biofuels harm the third - world and nuclear is too radioactive - every solution that government offers is rejected by some faction of the green movement .
If the greens ever want to get into power then they need to get together and offer solutions that do not entail radical social change rather than just rejecting everything .
At the moment the green " movement " is just a bunch of competing pressure - groups and nimbys and they are never going to achieve anything that way .
Richard Read , Gloucester , UK Another problem with green campaigns is that a lot of them do n't actually do anything ...
Lots of organisations are in reality just social clubs for a small groups of falafel eaters .
They 're often quite happy with how things are ( surrounded by like - minded people , plenty to grumble about ) and hostile to things as simple as working together or getting new members .
Many small organisations and keen people struggle to get anywhere because there 's so little cooperation and skills sharing from experienced campaigners ( personal experience ! ) .
Another big problem she does n't mention is quality of journalism .
Journalists are constantly getting their facts wrong and blowing silly things out of proportion : e.g. ranting about small things like a family christmas dinner and ignoring massive economic and environmental problems like outsourcing aluminium production .
Their reporting of the science is usually feeble - they over - report small debates about fine details of climate models and almost never explain the basic principles that are firmly established and tested , or even where the information comes from .
This gives sensible casual readers the impression that it does n't add up and that it 's all just a silly self righteous fad .
This is true of the ignorant nonsense that lazy journalists twitter on about , but the real science and the real ( seldom reported ) climate changes that are already happening all over the world are rock solid .
They would be plain to see if anyone reported them to a non-specialist audience .
Unfortunately no - one seems to have the right combination of time , expertise , skill , resources and motivation to translate these into concrete facts into plain , interesting , motivating , non-preachy english and then get it read and heard by ordinary people .
I do n't .
Do you ?
Alan S , Glasgow
The problem with the Greens ' credo of individual action is that it introduces an environmental dimension to every one of our day - to - day decisions .
A sensibly designed environmental taxation regime would enable us to lead our lives just as we did before climate change became an issue , and save the planet at the same time .
Henry , Madrid I can't share any of Ann Pettifor 's views because I can't fundamentally agree in the premise that climate change a major threat brought on by humans .
The whole area is highly politicised , promoted by strong interests fronted by the IPCC - a very politicised organisation , it relies on modelling that has been shown by some ( brave ) scientists not to agree to observation particularly in the key area of the upper troposphere , and the interpretation of highly selective data often shown on graphs that start at convenient points like , for example , 1970 - the end of a cooling period that ran for 30 years .
There are plenty of other examples going back .
Indeed , it 's very interesting that some German scientists have just announced that we are about to enter another such cooling period as a result of the AMO ( Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation ) , but that temperatures will dramatically increased thereafter - very convenient as a screen to hide behind just to keep the industry credible for more years before they are rumbled !
They can earn billions more over that period .
And its funny that people that think I 'm just another barmy denier never really understand the first thing about the science or the data .
They believe it because enough other people / organisations with commercial and political axes to grind tell them so !
J A Gonzalez , Surbiton I think that all this government intervention is a load of rubbish .
The free market should decide what will happen not governments .
If there is an increased demand for going ' Green ' then the free market will manage resources to that direction .
As everyone has all seen now that oil is running out and getting more expensive , people are finding substitutes for it , such as wind etc ...
Also , I have always been confused by the fact that if the world was warming then why was the winters in 07 and 08 the coldest we 've ever experienced for a while ?
Horace , Umbogoland John Bunzl is right !
There is the perfect organization already in place , and has been for over 8 years , it is called SIMPOL , and can be contacted at .
Jerold Hubbard , USA topsoil MINER , alias , grass roots Farmer
Jerold Hubbard , Johnson , Kansas , USA " the fact that human beings contribute only 3 % to worldwide CO2 production , volcanoes produce 10 times this " - Stephen Taylor , Glasgow
Not only is this untrue , but it is obviously untrue when you examine the CO2 record from any of the dozens of sampling stations around the globe .
If this were true , then that CO2 record would be full of spikes , one for each eruption .
The fact is , it is a very smooth trend .
The sum total of all volcanoes emit CO2 at a rate about 1/150th that of anthropogenic emissions .
I believe this myth originally came out of dubious calculations of the impact of the 1991 eruption of Mount Pinatubo .
T wright , London Hierry , Winnipeg - with that quality of spelling your nay - saying must be right !
Lets just wait till the next Ice Age to find out if we really screwed up instead , shall we ?
T wright , London Boris of Portsmouth claims : Remember the question " Whats worse : 25 000 dead from 1 nuclear accident every 50 yrs or 500 million dead from global warming ? "
That is an utterly facile comment and he knows it .
The radiation poisoning of the environment in the case of a nuclear power station accident takes between 12 and 20,000 years to become safe .
Also , the knock - on effects of a sudden loss of a large footprint of land to such an event , for several centuries , is FAR greater than the gradual loss of land to environmental factors , which can be foreseen and planned for ( or even averted ! ) with less loss of life .
A nuclear accident cannot - once it 's done , it 's done .
A J , Kent , UK I believe that governments on their own are insufficient to tackle global warming , since they are in a prisoner 's dilemma situation .
Everybody wants a safe environment , but nobody is prepared to move first , for fear of bringing economic sacrifice or even losing weight in international relations .
The only way out , I believe , is a globally agreed maximum amount of emissions tolerable in the atmosphere .
Per capita equal emission rights multiplied by the number of people in a country then define a country 's emission rights per year .
These emission rights can then be traded on the global market under the supervision of a global emission bank , possibly coordinated by UNEP and UNDP .
My impression is that most NGOs devote too much attention to the national level and too little to that of international organizations like the UN and the WTO , which need to be democratized and become more transparent and accountable to the public .
Especially the WTO and the Bretton Woods Twins are still dominated by machiavellian decision making processes .
This is the pivotal issue which NGOs need to focus on .
A change away from luxurious lifestyles in the rich countries is crucial too , but will come about only if there are fair global rules .
The EU commission 's efforts to introduce congestion tax in Europe 's large cities is a step in the right direction and , I think , should also receive NGO support .
Daniel , Salzburg , Austria
It is refreshing to see so much " common sense skepticism " on display here .
The " Green Cult " has been exposed albeit they still carry a big stick in government , university and other such leftist dominated " do - what - I - say - not - as - I - do " groups .
Of course most folk see value in preserving resources and generally being reasonable .
Let 's hope the rational folk win out !
Honest John , Ft Smith , AR USA
The biggest threat to the planet is over - population , when are politicians going to be brave enough to say so ?
Dave Winter , Oldham ' Busybody NGO wants government to coerce people to follow its agenda ' .
In other news , sky blue and pigs can't fly .
Ed , London Climate change is just one of a whole series of problems which are converging to make life on our planet a whole lot more difficult in the coming years .
Arguably they are all the result of the First World 's search for an easy and hedonistic lifestyle where we jet around the planet on holiday , buy food and flowers grown the other side of the world , drive round in big cars exceeding the speed limit and walk round our houses in T shirts with the central heating wound right up to name just a few .
To achieve this lifestyle we are in the process of squandering the planet 's resource of energy and materials , without having a clue how we will find a substitute for them once they 've gone .
Now , having started to realise what we are doing , it 's dawning on many of us there are so many complex issues and different ways to tackle them that no one knows where to start .
And unfortunately , having tasted ' the good life ' the majority of people want to cling on to every vestige of what we 've a !
ttained , as if their very lives depend on it : whereas we should be letting it go and retreating to a simpler life - because our very grandchildren 's lives depend on it .
To those who detect a passion in my comment that they interpret as ' religious zeal ' , let me tell you that I am an atheist who believes in the possibility that we can save ourselves with the aid of technology .
Though it will be a technology based on reducing energy consumption to sustainable levels .
So there is only one workable solution : raise taxes massively on all energy use that creates greenhouse gasses , while giving equivalent rebates and grants to actions which help save and conserve - and subsidise research into new forms of non-polluting energy .
Nuclear might help in the short term too .
But there 's no time to waste - we need to do it now .
John Russell , Devon , UK Cimate change is not the point , and that 's one reason why it 's not the rallying cry it is made out to be .
The climate changes anyway and everyone knows that .
But , humankind 's greedy stupidity and short - sightedness * is * however causing the degradation of the biological environment both onland and in the oceans , with wholesale industrial pollution , record levels of deforestation , the exhaustion of natural resources which we and millions of other species require for life .
Once the ecosphere is sufficiently depleted , mass starvation will become the issue .
When the Greens align themselves around the issues of food and water , we might see some coordination .
Dean Whitbread , London , UK
What fascinates me is the sense of learned helplessness that people display when they 're asked to just exercise a little moderation in their spending habits .
They throw their hands up and say that they 're only one person , and the government ought to do something .
Taking personal responsibility for looking to what they can do in their every day lives and getting together with a few friends once a month to have a Write To Your MP party just does n't seem to occur to most people .
It 's not an either / or proposition - actively changing your life , actively lobbying your MP , and actively participating in your community through volunteer work is so empowering , and so much fun .
Kaz , Macclesfield , UK
Here in the West , we have too many over - large , unhealthy people , driving over - large , unhealthy cars , - and a predominantly selfish , consumerist ethic bred into our children .
- That 's quite a hurdle for any campaign to overcome !
Radical / beneficial social change begins first in peoples ' minds , which is why governments ( via mass media and ' education ' ) aim to control these influences .
The people may seek changes , but ' those at the top ' are ever intransigent !
Yan , Devon , UK Stephen Taylor , Glasgow - you show gross ignorance .
Volcanoes DO NOT emit 10 times as much CO2 as humans .
Humans emit around 150 times more CO2 than volcanoes .
As for humans contributing only 3 % to worldwide CO2 production - that is also completely incorrect as it fails to take into account absorption of CO2 by plant - life and oceans .
I suggest you spend some time reading up on basic scientific concepts such as the carbon cycle .
It could spare you a lot of embarrassment in future .
Ian Stuart , Goring
The green movement have difficulty getting their message across because so many of them are wedded to the communist agenda of getting us all to use public transport .
The green movement will only start making the proper headway it so needs to make when they accept that personal modes of transport have to be part of the solution .
So , the green movement needs to ditch its political heritage to become mainstream .
This will not be achieved by replacing the commies with the christians - if there 's one thing worse than a commy telling me what to think , it is someone who believes in the supernatural .
In short - greens need to become rational .
Keith Jordan , West Sussex
That the climate is changing is a simple fact .
That humankind can and does have an influence has also been shown .
Whether or not hummankind is entirely responsible is not a useful argument .
We must plan for the effects of climate change , becasue it is already happening and we cannot stop all of it .
But we can reduce the effects , and it will be cheaper to do so now than living with the consequences later .
" Green " taxes are only a short term fix as their whole point is to stop people doing the activity which raises the tax .
If successful the revenue goes away .
Do not trust any political party which plans to fund its policies on " green " taxes !
Michael , Pinner , London , UK I remember noticing the difference between Live 8 where Bob Geldorf 's passionate speeches urged people to put pressure on the prime minister to make three key points of change to policy at G8 , then watching Live Earth where they 'd ocassionally cut back to Johnathon Ross who 'd vaguely rem
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
as promised , docs : git for the confused
As I mentioned with all my questions , I was writing up the answers I got .
Here 's the current status .
If anyone would like to comment on its accuracy or usefulness , feedback is appreciated .
I 've tried to omit or skim very lightly over subjects I think are adequately explained in existing docs , unless that would leave an uncomfortable hole in the explanation .
TODO : Describe the config file .
It 's a recent invention , and I have n't found a good description of its contents .
" I Do n't Git It " Git for the confused Git is hardly lacking in documentation , but coming at it fresh , I found it somewhat confusing .
Git is a toolkit in the Unix tradition .
There are a number of primitives written in C , which are made friendly by a layer of shell scripts .
These are known in git - speak , as the " plumbing " and the " porcelain " , respectively .
The porcelain should work and look nice .
The plumbing should just deal with lots of crap efficiently .
Much of git 's documentation was first written to explain the plumbing to the people writing the porcelain .
Since then , although the essentials have n't changed , porcelain has been added and conventions have been established that make it a lot more pleasant to deal with .
Some commands have been changed or replaced , and it 's not quite the same .
Using the original low - level commands is now most likely more difficult than necessary , unless you want to do something not supported by the existing porcelain .
This document retraces ( with fewer false turns ) how I learned my way around git .
There are some concepts I did n't understand so well the first time through , and an overview of all the git commands , grouped by application .
A good rule of thumb is that the commands with one - word names ( git - diff , git - commit , git - merge , git - push , git - pull , git- status , git - tag , etc. ) are designed for end - user use .
Multi - word names ( git - count - objects , git - write - tree , git - cat - file ) are generally designed for use from a script .
This is n't ironclad .
The first command to start using git is git - init - db , and git - show - branch is pure porcelain , while git-mktag is a primitive .
And you do n't often run git - daemon by hand .
But still , it 's a useful guideline .
* Background material .
To start with , read " man git " .
Or Documentation / git. txt in the git source tree , which is the same thing .
Particularly note the description of the index , which is where all the action in git happens .
One thing that 's confusing is why git allows you to have one version of a file in the current HEAD , a second version in the index , and possibly a third in the working directory .
Why does n't the index just contain a copy of the current HEAD until you commit a new one ?
The answer is merging , which does all its work in the index .
Neither the object database nor the working directory let you have multiple files with the same name .
The index is really very simple .
It 's a series of structures , each describing one file .
There 's an object ID ( SHA1 ) of the contents , some file metadata to detect changes ( time - stamps , inode number , size , permissions , owner , etc. ) , and the path name relative to the root of the working directory .
It 's always stored sorted by path name , for efficient merging .
At ( almost ) any time , you can take a snapshot of the index and write it as a tree object .
The only interesting feature is that each entry has a 2 - bit stage number .
Normally , this is always zero , but each path name is allowed up to three different versions ( object IDs ) in the index at once .
This is used to represent an incomplete merge , and an unmerged index entry ( with more than one version ) prevents committing the index to the object database .
* Terminology - heads , branches , refs , and revisions ( This is a supplement to what 's already in " man git " . )
The most common object needed by git primitives is a tree .
Since a commit points to a tree and a tag points to a commit , both of these are acceptable " tree-ish " objects and can be used interchangeably .
Likewise , a tag is " commit-ish " and can be used where a commit is required .
As soon as you get to the porcelain , the most commonly used object is a commit .
Also known as a revision , this is a tree plus a history .
While you can always use the full object ID , you can also use a reference .
A reference is a file that contains a 40 - character hex SHA1 object ID ( and a trailing newline ) .
When you specify the name of a reference , it is searched for in one of the directories : .git/ ( or $ GIT_DIR ) .git/refs / ( or $ GIT_DIR /refs / ) .git/refs/heads / ( or $ GIT_DIR / refs /heads / ) .git/refs/tags / ( or $ GIT_DIR/ refs/tags / )
You may use subdirectories by including slashes in the reference name .
There is no search order ; if searching the above four path prefixes produces more than one match for the reference name ( it 's ambiguous ) , then the name is not valid .
There is additional syntax ( which looks like " commit~3^2~17 " ) for specifying an ancestor of a given commit ( or tag ) .
This is documented in detail in the documentation for git - rev-parse .
Briefly , commit^ is the parent of the given commit .
commit^^ is the grandparent , etc. .
If there is more than one ancestor ( a merge ) , then they can be referenced as commit^1 ( a synonym for commit^ ) , commit^2 , commit^3 , etc. ( commit^0 gives the commit object itself .
A no -op if you 're starting from a commit , but it lets you get the commit object from a tag object . )
As long strings of ^ can be annoying , they can be abbreviated using ~ syntax .
commit^^^ is the same as commit~3 , ^^^^ is the same as ~ 4 , etc .
You can see lots of examples in the output of " git- show - branch " .
Now , the although the most primitive git tools do n't care , a convention among all the porcelain is that the current head of development is .
git/HEAD , a symbolic link to a reference under refs / heads /.
git - init - db creates HEAD pointing to refs / heads / master , and that is traditionally the name used for the " main trunk " of development .
Note that initially refs / heads / master does n't exist - HEAD is a dangling symlink !
This is okay , and will cause the initial commit to have zero parents .
A " head " is mostly synonymous with a " branch " , but the terms have different emphasis .
The " head " is particularly the tip of the branch , where future development will be appended .
A " branch " is the entire development history leading to the head .
However , as far as git is concerned , they 're both references to commit objects , referred to from refs / heads / .
When you actually do more ( with git - commit , or git- merge ) , then the current HEAD reference is overwritten with the new commit's id , and the old HEAD becomes HEAD^ .
Since HEAD is a symlink , it 's the file in refs / heads / that 's actually overwritten .
( See the git - update - ref documentation for further details . )
The git - checkout command actually changes the HEAD symlink .
git -checkout enforces the rule that it will only check out a branch under refs / heads .
You can use refs / tags as a source for git - diff or any other command that only examines the revision , but if you want to check it out , you have to copy it to refs / heads .
* Resetting
The " undo " command for commits to the object database is git-reset .
Like all deletion - type commands , be careful or you 'll hurt yourself .
Given a commit ( using any of the syntaxes mentioned above ) , this sets the current HEAD to refer to the given commit .
This does NOT alter the HEAD symlink ( as git - checkout < branch > will do ) , but actually changes the reference pointed to by HEAD ( e.g. refs / heads / master ) to contain a new object ID .
The classic example is to undo an erroneous commit , use " git- reset HEAD^ " .
There are actually three kinds of git-reset : git-reset -- soft : Only overwrite the reference .
If you can find the old object ID , you can put everything back with a second git-reset -- soft OLD_HEAD .
git -reset -- mixed :
This is the default , which I always think of as " - - medium " .
Overwrite the reference , and ( using git - read - tree ) read the commit into the index .
The working directory is unchanged .
git-reset -- hard :
Do everything -- mixed does , and also check out the index into the working directory .
This really erases all traces of the previous version .
( One caveat : this will not delete any files in the working directory that were added as part of the changes being undone . )
The space taken up by the abandoned commit wo n't actually be reclaimed until you collect garbage with git-prune .
git -reset with no commit specified is " git- reset HEAD " , which is much safer because the object reference is not actually changed .
This can be used to undo changes in the index or working directory that you did not intend .
Note , however , that it is not selective .
" git - commit " has options for doing this selectively .
Like being sure what directory you 're in when typing " rm - r " , think carefully about what branch you 're on when typing " git - reset < commit > " .
There is an undelete : git -reset stores the previous HEAD commit in OLD_HEAD .
And git - lost - found can find leftover commits until you do a git - prune .
* Merging Merging is central to git operations .
Indeed , a big difference between git and other version control systems is that git assumes that a change will be merged more often than it 's written , as it's passed around different developers ' repositories .
Even " git checkout " is a merge .
The heart of merging is git - read - tree , but if you can understand it from the man page , you 're doing better than me .
As mentioned , the index and the working directory versions of a file could both be different from the HEAD .
Git lets you merge " under " your current working directory edits , as long as the merge does n't change the files you 're editing .
There are some special cases of merging , but let me start with the procedure for the general 3 - way merge case : merging branch B into branch A ( the current HEAD ) .
1 ) Given two commits , find a common ancestor O to server as the origin of the merge .
The basic " resolve " algorithm uses git - merge - base for the task , but the " recursive " merge strategy gets more clever in the case where there are multiple candidates .
I wo n't got into what it does , but it does a pretty good job .
2 ) Add all three input trees ( the Origin , A , and B ) to the index by " git - read - tree -m O A B " .
The index now contains up to three copies of every file .
( Four , including the original , but that is discarded before git - read - tree returns . )
Then , for each file in the index , git - read - tree does the following : 2a )
For each file , git - merge - tree tries to collapse the various versions into one using the " trivial in - index merge " .
This just uses the file blob object names to see if the file contents are identical , and if two or more of the three trees contain an identical copy of this file , it is merged .
A missing ( deleted ) file matches another missing file .
Note that this is NOT a majority vote .
If A and B agree on the contents of the file , that 's what is used .
( Whether O agrees is irrelevant in this case . )
But if O and A agree , then the change made in B is taken as the final value .
Likewise , if O and B agree , then A is used .
2 b ) If this is possible , then a check is made to see if the merge would conflict with any uncommitted work in the index or change the index out from under a modified working directory file .
If either of those cases happen , the entire merge is backed out and fails .
( In the git source , the test " t/t1000 - read - tree - m - 3way.sh " has a particularly detailed description of the various cases . )
If the merge is possible and safe , the versions are collapsed into one final result version .
2c ) If all three versions differ , the trivial in - index merge is not possible , and the three source versions are left in the index unmerged .
Again , if there was uncommitted work in the index or the working directory , the entire merge fails .
3 ) Use git - merge - index to iterate over the remaining unmerged files , and apply an intra-file merge .
The intra -file merge is usually done with git - merge - one - file , which does a standard RCS - style three - way merge ( see " man merge " ) .
4 ) Check out all the successfully merged files into the working directory .
5 ) If automatic merging was successful on every file , commit the merged version immediately and stop .
6 ) If automatic merging was not complete , then replace the working directory copies of any remaining unmerged files with a merged copy with conflict markers ( again , just like RCS or CVS ) in the working directory .
All three source versions are available in the index for diffing against .
( We have not destroyed anything , because in step 2c ) , we checked to make sure the working directory file did n't have anything not in the repository . )
7 ) Manually edit the conflicts and resolve the merge .
As long as an unmerged , multi-version file exists in the index , committing the index is forbidden .
( You can use the options to git - diff to see the changes . )
8 ) Commit the final merged version of the conflicting file (s ) , replacing the unmerged versions with the single finished version .
Note that if the merge is simple , with no one file edited on both branches , git never has to open a single file .
It reads three tree objects ( recursively ) and stat ( 2 ) s some working directory files to verify that they have n't changed .
Also note that this aborts and backs out rather than overwrite anything not committed .
You can merge " under " uncommitted edits only if those edits are to files not affected by the merge .
* 2 - way merging A " 2 - way merge " is basically a 3 - way merge with the contents of the index as the " current HEAD " , and the original HEAD as the Origin .
However , this merge is designed only for simple cases and only supports the " trivial merge " cases .
It does not fall back to an intra -file merge . [ [
I 'm not sure why it could n't , I confess .
For reversibility ?
Or just because it 's likely to be too confusing . ]]
This merge is used by git- checkout to switch between two branches , while preserving any changes in the working directory and index .
Like the 3 - way case , if a particular file has n't changed between the two heads , then git will preserve any uncommitted edits .
If the file has changed in any way , git does n't try to perform any sort of intra-file merge , it just fails .
* 1 - way merging
This is not actually used by the git - core porcelain , and so is only useful to someone writing more porcelain , but I 'll describe it for completeness .
Plain ( non-merging ) git - read - tree will overwrite the index entries with those from the tree .
This invalidates the cached stat data , causing git to think all the working directory files are " potentially changed " until you do a git - update - index -- refresh .
By specifying a 1 - way merge , any index entry whose contents ( object ID ) matches the incoming tree will have its cached stat data preserved .
Thus , git will know if the working directory file is not changed , and will not overwrite if you execute git- checkout - index .
This is purely an efficiency hack .
* Special merges - already up to date , and fast - forward
There are two cases of 3 - way or 2 - way merging that are special .
Recall that the basic merge pattern is B--------> A+B / / / / O -----> A
The two special cases arise if one of A or B is a direct ancestor of the other .
In that case , the common ancestor of both A and B is the older of the two commits .
And the merged result is simply the newer of the two , unchanged .
Recalling that we are merging B into A , if B is a direct ancestor of A , then A already includes all of B .
A is " already up to date " and not changed at all by the merge .
The other case you 'll hear mentioned , because it happens a lot when pulling , is when A is a direct ancestor of B .
In this case , the result of the merge is a " fast - forward " to B .
Both of these cases are handled very efficiently by the in - index merge done by git - read - tree .
* Deleted files during merges
There is one small wrinkle in git 's merge algorithm that will probably never bite you , but I ought to explain anyway , just because it 's so rare that it 's difficult to discover it by experiment .
The index contains a list of all files that git is tracking .
If the index file is empty or missing and you do a commit , you write an empty tree with no files .
When merging , if git finds no pre-existing index entry for a path it is trying to merge , it considers that to mean " status unknown " rather than " modified by being deleted " .
Thus , this is not uncommitted work in the index file , and does not block the merge .
Instead , the file will reappear in the merge .
This is because it is possible to blow away the index file ( rm .git / index will do it quite nicely ) , and if this was considered a modification to be preserved , it would cause all sorts of conflicts .
So the one change to the index that will NOT be preserved by a merge is the removal of a file .
A missing index entry is treated the same as an unmodified index entry .
The index will be updated , and when you check out the revision , the working directory file will be ( re -) created .
Note that none of this affects you in the usual case where you make changes in the working directory only , and leave the index equal to HEAD until you 're ready to commit .
* Packs
Originally , git stored every object in its own file , and used rsync to share repositories .
It was quickly discovered that this brought mighty servers to their knees .
It 's great for retrieving a small subset of the database the way git usually does , but rsync scans the whole .git / objects tree every time .
So packs were developed .
A pack is a file , built all at once , which contains many delta - compressed objects .
With each . pack file , there 's an accompanying .idx file that indexes the pack so that individual objects can be retrieved quickly .
You can reduce the disk space used by your repositories by periodically repacking them with git-repack .
Normally , this makes a new incremental pack of everything not already packed .
With the - a flag , this repacks everything for even greater compression ( but takes longer ) .
The git wire protocol basically consists of negotiation over what objects needs to be transferred followed by sending a custom - built pack .
The .idx file can be reconstructed from the .
pack file , so it 's never transferred . [ [
Is once every few hundred commits a good rule of thumb for repacking ?
When .git/objects /??
reaches X megabytes ?
I think too many packs is itself a bad thing , since they all have to be searched . ]]
* Raw diffs
A major source of git 's speed is that it tries to avoid accessing files unnecessarily .
In particular , files can be compared based on their object IDs without needing to open and read them .
As part of this , the responsibility for finding file differences ( printing diffs ) is divided into finding what files have changed , and finding the changes within those files .
This is all explained in the Documentation / diffcore .
txt in the git distribution , but the basics is that many of the primitives spit out a line like this : :100755 100755 68838f3 fad1d22ab4f14977434e9ce73365fb304 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000 M git-bisect.sh when asked for a diff .
This is known as a " raw diff " .
They can be told to generate a human - readable diff with the " - p " ( patch ) flag .
The git - diff command includes this by default .
* Advice on using git
If you 're used to CVS , where branches and merges are " advanced " features that you can go a long time , you need to learn to use branches in git a lot more .
Branch early and often .
Every time you think about developing a feature or fixing a bug , create a branch to do it on .
In fact , avoid doing any development on the master branch .
Merges only .
A branch is the git equivalent of a patch , and merging a branch is the equivalent of applying that patch .
A branch gives it a name that you can use to refer to it .
This is particularly useful if you 're sharing your changes .
Once you 're done with a branch , you can delete it .
This is basically just removing the refs / heads / < branch > file , but " git - branch - d " adds a few extra safety checks .
Assuming you merged the branch in , you can still find all the commits in the history , it 's just the name that 's been deleted .
You can also rename a branch by renaming the refs / heads / branch file .
There 's no git command to do this , but as long as you update the HEAD symlink if necessary , you do n't need one .
Periodically merge all of the branches you 're working on into a testing branch to see if everything works .
Blow away and re-create the testing branch whenever you do this .
When you like the result , merge them into the master .
*
The .git directory
There are a number of files in the .git directory used by the porcelain .
In case you 're curious ( I was ) , this is what they are : index - The actual index file .
objects / -
The object database .
Can be overridden by $ GIT_OBJECT_DIRECTORY hooks / - where the hook scripts are kept .
The standard git template includes examples , but disabled by being marked non-executable .
info / exclude - Default project - wide list of file patterns to exclude from notice .
To this is added the per-directory list in .gitignore .
See the git -ls - files docs for full details .
refs / - References to development heads ( branches ) and tags .
remotes / -
Short names of remote repositories we pull from or push to .
Details are in the " git- fetch " man page .
HEAD - The current default development head .
- Created by git - init - db and never deleted - Changed by git-checkout - Used by git - commit and any other command that commits changes .
-
May be a dangling pointer , in which case git - commit does an " initial checkin " with no parent .
COMMIT_EDITMSG - Temp used by git -commit to edit a commit message .
COMMIT_MSG - Temp used by git-commit to form a commit message , post - processed from COMMIT_EDITMSG .
FETCH_HEAD - Just - fetched commits , to be merged into the local trunk .
- Created by git-fetch . - Used by git -pull as the source of data to merge .
MERGE_HEAD - Keeps track of what heads are currently being merged into HEAD .
- Created by git - merge -- no - commit with the heads used - Deleted by git-checkout and git-reset ( since you 're abandoning the merge ) - Used by git-commit to supply additional parents to the current commit .
( And deleted when done . )
MERGE_MSG - Generated by git-merge -- no - commit . - Used by git - commit as the commit message for a merge ( If present , git - commit does n't prompt . )
MERGE_SAVE - cpio archive of all locally modified files created by " git- merge " before starting to do anything , if multiple merge strategies are being attempted .
Used to rewind the tree in case a merge fails .
ORIG_HEAD - Previous HEAD commit prior to a merge or reset operation .
LAST_MERGE -
Set by the " resolve " strategy to the most recently merged - in branch .
Basically , a copy of MERGE_HEAD .
Not used by the other merge strategies , and resolve is no longer the default , so its utility is very limited .
BISECT_LOG - History of a git - bisect operation .
- Can be replayed ( or , more usefully , a prefix can ) by " git - bisect replay " BISECT_NAMES -
The list of files to be modified by git-bisect . - Set by " git - bisect start " TMP_HEAD ( used by git- fetch ) TMP_ALT ( used by git- fetch ) * Git command summary
There are slightly over a hundred git commands .
This section tries to classify them by purpose , so you can know which commands are intended to be used for what .
You can always use the low - level plumbing directly , but that 's inconvenient and error - prone .
Helper programs ( not for direct use ) for a specific utility are shown indented under the program they help .
Note that all of these can be invoked using the " git " wrapper by replacing the leading " git - " with " git " .
The results are exactly the same .
There is a suggestion to reduce the clutter in /usr / bin and move all the git binaries to their own directory , leaving just the git wrapper in /usr / bin .
so you 'll have to use it or adjust your $ PATH .
But that has n't happened yet .
In the meantime , including the hyphen makes tab - completion work .
I include " .sh " , " .perl " , etc. suffixes to show what the programs are written in , so you can read those scripts written in languages you 're familiar with .
These are the names in the git source tree , but the suffix is not included in the /usr / bin copies .
+
Administrative commands git - init - db +
Object database maintenance : git - convert - objects git-fsck - objects git-lost - found.sh git-prune.sh git-relink .
perl +
Pack maintenance git - count - objects.sh git - index - pack git - pack - objects git- pack - redundant git- prune - packed git- repack.sh git - show - index git - unpack - objects git-verify - pack +
Important primitives git - commit - tree git - rev - list git- rev- parse +
Useful primitives git-ls - files git-update - index +
General script helpers ( used only by scripts ) git - cat - file git - check - ref - format git - checkout - index git - fmt - merge - msg. perl git - hash - object git -ls - tree git - repo - config git - unpack - file git - update - ref git - sh - setup.sh git- stripspace git-symbolic - ref git-var git - write - tree +
Oddballs git-mv.perl +
Code browsing git - diff.sh git - diff - files git - diff - index git - diff - tree git - diff - stages git - grep.sh git-log.sh git -name - rev git-shortlog .
perl git-show - branch git-whatchanged.sh +
Making local changes git-add.sh git-bisect.sh git-branch.sh git-checkout.sh git-commit.sh git-reset.sh git-status.sh +
Cherry - picking git-cherry.sh git-patch - id git-cherry - pick.sh git-rebase.sh git-revert.sh +
Accepting changes by e-mail git-apply git-am.sh git-mailinfo git-mailsplit git-applypatch.sh git-applymbox.sh +
Publishing changes by e-mail git- format - patch.sh git-send - email.perl +
Merging git-merge.sh git-merge - base git - merge - index git- merge - one - file.sh git-merge - octopus.sh git-merge - ours.sh git-merge - recursive .py git-merge - resolve.sh git-merge - stupid.sh git-read - tree git-resolve.sh git-octopus.sh +
Making releases git - get - tar - commit - id git - tag.sh git - mktag git - tar - tree git-verify - tag.sh +
Accepting changes by network git - clone.sh git - clone - pack git - fetch.sh git - fetch - pack git - local - fetch git - http - fetch git -ssh - fetch git-ls - remote.sh git-peek - remote git- parse - remote.sh git-pull.sh git-ssh - pull git - shell git- receive - pack +
Publishing changes by network git - daemon git- push.sh git - http - push git-ssh - push git -ssh - upload git- request - pull.sh git-send - pack git-update - server - info git-upload - pack
All of the basic git commands are designed to be scripted .
When scripting , use the " - - " option to ensure that files beginning with " - " wo n't be interpreted as options , and the " - z " option to output NUL - terminated file names so embedded newlines wo n't break things .
( A person who'd do either of these on purpose is probably crazy , but it 's not actually illegal . )
Looking at existing shell scripts can be very informative .
* Detailed list Here 's a repeat , including descriptions .
I do n't try to include every detail you can find on the man page , but to explain when you 'd want to use a command .
+
Administrative commands git- init -db
This creates an empty git repository in ./. git ( or $ GIT_DIR if that is non-null ) using a system - wide template .
It wo n't hurt an existing repository .
+
Object database maintenance : git-convert - objects
You will * never * need to use this command .
The git repository format has undergone some revision since its first release .
If you have an ancient and crufty git repository from the very very early days , this will convert it for you .
But as you 're new to git , it does n't apply .
git-fsck - objects Validate the object database .
Checks that all references point somewhere , all the SHA1 hashes are correct , and that sort of thing .
This walks the entire repository , uncompressing and hashing every object , so it takes a while .
Note that by default , it skips over packs , which can make it seem misleadingly fast .
git-lost - found.sh Find ( using git-fsck - objects ) any unreferenced commits and tags in the object database , and place them in a .git / lost - found directory .
This can be used to recover from accidentally deleting a tag or branch reference that you wanted to keep .
This is the opposite of git-prune .
git-prune.sh
Delete all unreachable objects from the object database .
It deletes useless packs , but does not remove useless objects from the middle of partially useful packs .
Git leaks objects in a number of cases , such as unsuccessful merges .
The leak rate is generally a small fraction of the rate at which the desired history grows , so it 's not very alarming , but occasionally running git - prune will eliminate the If you deliberately throw away a development branch , you will need to run this command to fully reclaim the disk space .
On something like the full Linux repository , this takes a while .
git-relink .perl
Merge the objects stores of multiple git repositories by making hard links between them .
Useful to save space if duplicate copies are accidentally created on one machine .
+
Pack maintenance
The classic git format is to compress and store each object separately .
This is still used for all newly created changes .
However , objects can also be stored en masse in " packs " which contain many objects and tan take advantage of delta - compressing .
Repacking your repositories periodically can save space .
( Repacking is pretty quick but not quick enough to be comfortable doing every commit . ) git-count - objects.sh
Print the number and total size of unpacked objects in the repository , to help you decide when is a good time to repack .
git - index - pack
A pack file has an accompanying .idx file to allow rapid lookup .
This regenerates the .idx file from the .pack .
This is almost never needed directly , but can be used after transferring a . pack file between machines .
git-pack - objects
Given a list of objects on stdin , build a pack file .
This is a helper used by the various network communication scripts .
git-pack - redundant Produce a list of redundant packs , for feeding to " xargs rm " .
A helper for git - prune .
git-prune - packed Delete unpacked object files that are duplicated in packs .
( With -n , only lists them . )
A helper for git -prune .
git-repack.sh
Make a new pack with all the unpacked objects .
With - a , include already - packed objects in the new pack .
With -d as well , deletes all the old packs thereby made redundant .
git - show - index
Dump the contents of a pack 's .idx file .
Mostly for debugging git itself .
git-unpack - objects
Unpack a . pack file , the opposite of git - pack - objects .
With -n , does n't actually create the files .
With -q , suppresses the progress indicator .
git-verify - pack Validate a pack file .
Useful when debugging git , and when downloading from a remote source .
A helper for git-clone . +
Important primitives
Although these primitives are not used directly very frequently , understanding them will help you understand other git commands that wrap them .
git - commit - tree Create a new commit object from a tree and a list of parent commits .
This is the primitive that 's the heart of git-commit .
( It 's also used by git-am , git - applypatch , git - merge , etc. ) git-rev- list Print a list of commits ( revisions ) , in reverse chronological order .
This is the heart of git-log and other history examination commands , and the options for specifying parts of history are shared by all of them .
In particular , it takes an arbitrary number of revisions as arguments , some of which may be prefixed with ^ to negate them .
These make up " include " and " exclude " sets .
git -rev - list lists all revisions that are ancestors of the " include " set but not ancestors of the " exclude " set .
For this purpose , a revision is considered an ancestor of itself .
Thus , " git - rev- list ^v1.1 v1.2 " will list all revisions from the v1.2 release back to ( but not including ) the v1.1 release .
Because this is so convenient , a special syntax , " v1.1.. v1.2 " is allowed as an equivalent .
However , occasionally the general form is useful .
For example , adding ^branch will show the trunk ( including merges from the branch ) , but exclude the branch itself .
Similarly , " branch ^trunk " , a.k.a. trunk .. branch , will show all work on the branch that has n't been merged to the trunk .
This works even though trunk is not a direct ancestor of branch .
Git - rev - list has a variety of flags to control it output format .
The default is to just print the raw SHA1 object IDs of the commits , but -- pretty produces a human - readable log .
You can also specify a set of files names ( or directories ) , in which case output will be limited to commits that modified those files .
This command is used extensively by the git :// protocol to compute a set of objects to send to update a repository .
git-rev- parse
This is a very widely used command line canonicalizer for git scripts .
It converts relative commit references ( e.g. master ~3 ) to absolute SHA1 hashes , and can also pass through arguments not recognizable as references , so the script can interpret them .
It is important because it defines the < rev > syntax .
This takes a variety of options to specify how to prepare the command line for the script 's use .
-- verify is a particularly important one .
+
Useful primitives
These primitives are potentially useful directly .
git-ls - files
List files in the index and / or working directory .
A variety of options control which files to list , based on whether they are the same in both places or have been modified .
This command is the start of most check - in scripts .
git-update - index
Copy the given files from the working directory into the index .
This create the blob objects , but no trees yet .
( Note that editing a file executing this multiple times without creating a commit will generate orphaned objects .
Harmless . )
One common safe option is " git-update - index -- refresh " .
This looks for files whose metadata ( modification time etc. ) has changed , but not their contents , and updates the metadata in the index so the file contents wo n't have to be examined again .
+
General script helpers ( used only by scripts )
These are almost exclusively helpers for use in porcelain scripts and have little use by themselves from the command line .
git -cat - file Extract a file from the object database .
You can ask for an object 's type or size given only an object ID , but to get its contents , you have to specify the type .
This is a deliberate safety measure .
git -check - ref - format Verify that the reference specified on the command line is syntactically valid for a new reference name under $ GIT_DIR / refs .
A number of characters ( ^ , ~ , : , and .. ) are reserved ; see the man page for the full list of rules .
git-checkout - index
Copy files from the index to the working directory , or to a specified directory .
Most important as a helper for git- checkout , this is also used by git- merge and git-reset .
git-fmt - merge-msg.perl
Generate a reasonable default commit message for a merge .
Used by git-pull and git-octopus .
git - hash - object
Very primitive helper to turn an arbitrary file into an object , returning just the ID or actually adding it to the database .
Used by the cvs - to - git and svn - to - git import filters .
git-ls - tree
List the contents of a tree object .
Will tell you all the files in a commit .
Used by the checkout scripts git-checkout and git-reset .
git -repo- config
Get and set options in .git/ config .
The .git / config format is designed to be human - readable .
This gives programmatic access to the settings .
This currently has a lot of overlap with the function of git-var .
git-unpack - file
Write the contents of the given block to a temporary file , and return the name of that temp file .
Used most often by merging scripts .
git-update - ref Rewrite a reference ( in .git/refs / ) to point to a new object .
" echo $ sha1 > $ file " is mostly equivalent , but this adds locking so two people do n't update the same reference at once .
git-sh- setup.sh
This is a general prefix script that sets up $ GIT_DIR and $ GIT_OBJECT_DIRECTORY for a script , or errors out if the git control files can't be found .
git-stripspace Remove unnecessary whitespace .
Used mostly on commit messages received by e-mail .
git-symbolic -ref
This queries or creates symlinks to references such as HEAD .
Basically equivalent to readlink ( 1 ) or ln -s , this also works on platforms that do n't have symlinks .
See the man page .
git-var Provide access to the GIT_AUTHOR_IDENT and / or GIT_COMMITTER_IDENT values , used in various commit scripts .
This currently has a lot of overlap with the function of git - repo - config .
git -write - tree Generate a tree object reflecting the current index .
The output is the tree object ; if you do n't remember it somewhere ( usually , pass it to git - commit - tree ) , it 'll be lost .
This requires that the index be fully merged .
If any incomplete merges are present in the index ( files in stages 1 , 2 or 3 ) , git - write - tree will fail .
+
Oddballs git-mv.perl
I have to admit , I 'm not quite sure what advantages this is supposed to have over plain " mv " followed by " git-update - index " , or why it 's complex enough to need perl .
Basically , this renames a file , deleting its old name and adding its new name to the index .
Otherwise , it 's a two - step process to rename a file : - Rename the file - git-add the new name Followed by which you must commit both the old and new names +
Code browsing git-diff.sh
Show changes between various trees .
Takes up to two tree specifications , and shows the difference between the versions .
Zero arguments : index vs. working directory ( git - diff - files )
One : tree vs. working directory ( git - diff - index ) One , -- cached : tree vs. index ( git - diff - index ) Two : tree vs. tree ( git - diff - tree ) This wrapper always produces human - readable patch output .
The helpers all produce " diff-raw " format unless you supply the -p option .
There are some interesting options .
Unfortunately , the git - diff man page is annoyingly sparse , and refers to the helper scripts ' documentation rather than describing the many useful options they all have in common .
Please do read the man pages of the helpers to see what 's available .
In particular , although git does not explicitly record file renames , it has some pretty good heuristics to notice things .
-M tries to detect renamed files by matching up deleted files with similar newly created files .
- C tries to detect copies as well .
By default , - C only looks among the modified files for the copy source .
For common cases like splitting a file in two , this works well .
The -- find - copies - harder searches ALL files in the tree for the copy source .
This can be slow on large trees !
See Documentation / diffcore.txt for an explanation of how all this works .
git - diff - files Compare the index and the working directory .
git - diff - index Compare the working directory and a given tree .
This is the git equivalent of the single - operand form of " cvs diff " .
If " - - cached " is specified , uses the index rather than the working directory .
git - diff - tree Compare two trees .
This is the git equivalent of the two - operand form of " cvs diff " .
This command is sometimes useful by itself to see the changes made by a single commit .
If you give it only one commit on the command line , it shows the diff between that commit and its first parent .
If the commit specification is long and awkward to type , using " git - diff - tree -p < commit > " can be easier than " git - diff < commit > ^ < commit > " .
git - diff - stages
Although not called by git - diff , there is a fourth diff helper routine , used to compare the various versions of an unmerged file in the index .
It is intended for use by merging porcelain .
git-grep.sh
A very simple wrapper that runs git-ls - files and greps the output looking for a file name .
Does nothing fancy except saves typing .
git-log.sh
Wrapper around git-rev- list -- pretty .
Shows a history of changes made to the repository .
Takes all of git - rev - list 's options for specifying which revisions to list .
git -name - rev
Find a symbolic name for the commit specified on the command line , and returns a symbolic name of the form " maint~404^2~7 " .
Basically , this does a breadth - first search from all the heads in .git / refs looking for the given commit .
git-shortlog.perl
This is a filter for the output of " git-log -- pretty=short " to generate a one - line - per- change " shortlog " as Linus likes .
git -show - branch Visually show the merge history of the references given as arguments .
Prints one column per reference and one line per commit showing whether that commit is an ancestor of each reference .
git-whatchanged.sh
A simple wrapper around git - rev- list and git - diff - tree , this shows the change history of a repository .
Specify a directory or file on the command line to limit the output to changes affecting those files .
This is n't the same as " cvs annotate " , but it serves a similar purpose among git folks .
You can add the -p option to include patches as well as log comments .
You can also add the -M or - C option to follow history back through file renames .
- S is interesting : it 's the " pickaxe " option .
Given a string , this limits the output to changes that make that string appear or disappear .
This is for " digging through history " to see when a piece of code was introduced .
The string may ( and often does ) contain embedded newlines .
See Documentation/cvs-migration .txt . +
Making local changes
All of these are examples of " porcelain " scripts .
Reading the scripts themselves can be informative ; they 're generally not too confusing .
git-add.sh
A simple wrapper around " git - ls - files | git- update - index -- add " to add new files to the index .
You may specify directories .
You need to invoke this for every new file you want git to track .
git-bisect.sh
Utility to do a binary search to find the change that broke something .
The heart of this is in " git - rev- list -- bisect " A very handy little utility !
Kernel developers love it when you tell them exactly which patch broke something .
NOTE : this uses the head named " bisect " , and will blow away any existing branch by that name .
Try not to create a branch with that name .
There are three steps : git -bisect start [ < files > ] - Reset to start bisecting .
If any files are specified , only they will be checked out as bisection proceeds .
git -bisect good [ < revision > ]
-
Record the revision as " good " .
The change being sought must be after this revision .
git-bisect bad [ < revision > ]
-
Record the revision as " bad " .
The change being sought must be before or equal to this revision .
As soon as you have specified one good version and one bad version , git - bisect will find a halfway point and check out that revision .
Build and test it , then report it as good or bad , and git - bisect will narrow the search .
Finally , git - bisect will tell you exactly which change caused the problem .
git - bisect log -
Show a history of revisions .
git -bisect replay - Replay ( part of ) a git - bisect log .
Generally used to recover from a mistake , you can truncate the log before the mistake and replay it to continue .
If git - bisect chooses a version that cannot build , or you are otherwise unable to determine whether it is good or bad , you can change revisions with " git - reset -- hard < revision > " to another checkout between the current good and bad limits , and continue from there .
" git - reset -- hard < revision > " is generally dangerous , but you are on a scratch branch .
This can , of course , be used to look for any change , even one for the better , if you can avoid being confused by the terms " good " and " bad " .
git-branch.sh
Most commonly used bare , to show the available branches .
Show , create , or delete a branch .
The current branches are simply the contents of .git/refs/heads /.
Note that this does NOT switch to the created branch !
For the common case of creating a branch and immediately switching to it , " git - checkout - b < branch > " is simpler .
git-checkout.sh
This does two superficially similar but very different things depending on whether any files or paths are specified on the command line .
git-checkout [ - f ] [ - b < new - branch > ] < branch >
This switches ( changes the HEAD symlink to ) the specified branch , updating the index and working directory to reflect the change .
This preserves changes in the working directory unless -f is specified .
If -b is specified , a new branch is started from the specified point and switched to .
If < branch > is omitted , it defaults to HEAD .
This is the usual way to start a new branch .
git-checkout [ < branch > ] [--] < paths >...
This replaces the files specified by the given paths with the versions from the index or the specified branch .
It does NOT affect the HEAD symlink , just replaces the specified paths .
This form is like a selective form of " git- reset " .
Normally , this can guess whether the first argument is a branch name or a path , but you can use " - - " to force the latter interpretation .
With no branch , this is used to revert a botched edit of a particular file .
Both forms use git - read - tree internally , but the net effect is quite different .
git-commit.sh Commit changes to the revision history .
In terms of primitives , this does three things :
1 ) Updates the index file with the working directory files specified on the command line , or - a for all ( using git - diff - files -- name - only | git- update_index ) , 2 ) Prompts for or generates a commit message , and then 3 ) Creates a commit object with the current index contents .
This also executes the pre-commit , commit-msg , and post - commit hooks if present .
This will remove deleted files from the index , but will not add new files to the index , even if explicitly specified on the command line ; you must use git-add for that .
git-reset.sh
Explained in detail in " resetting " , above .
This modifies the current branch head reference ( as pointed to by .git/ HEAD ) to refer to the given commit .
It does not modify .git/HEAD
Reset the current HEAD to the specified commit , so that future checkins will be relative to it .
There are three variations : -- soft : Just move the HEAD link .
The index is unchanged .
-- mixed ( default ) : Move the HEAD link and update the index file .
Any local changes will appear not checked in .
-- hard :
Move the HEAD links , update the index file , and check out the index , overwriting the working directory .
Like " cvs update - C " .
In case of accidents , this copies the previous head object ID to ORIG_HEAD ( which is NOT a symlink ) .
git-status.sh
Show all files in the directory not current with respect to the git HEAD .
The basic categories are : 1 ) Changed in the index , will be included in the next commit .
2 ) Changed in the working directory but NOT in the index ; will be committed only if added via git - update - index or the git - commit command line .
3 ) Not tracked by git . +
Cherry - picking Cherry - picking is the process of taking part of the changes introduced on one tree and applying those changes to another .
This does n't produce a parent / descendant relationship in the commit history .
To produce that relationship , there 's a special type of merge you can do if you 've taken everything you want off a branch and want to show it in the merge history without actually importing any changes from it : ours .
" git - merge -s ours " will generate a commit that shows some branches were merged in , but not actually alter the current HEAD source code in any way .
One thing cherry - picking is sometimes used for is taking a development branch and re-organizing the changes into a patch series for submission to the Linux kernel .
git-cherry.sh
This searches a branch for patches which have not been applied to another .
Basically , it finds the unpicked cherries .
It searches back to the common ancestor of the named branch and the current head using git - patch - id to identify similarity in patches .
git -patch - id Generate a hash of a patch , ignoring whitespace and line numbers so that " the same " patch , even relative to a different code base , probably has the same hash , and different patches probably have different ones .
git-cherry looks for patch hashes which are present on the branch ( source branch ) that are not present on the trunk ( destination branch ) .
git-cherry - pick.sh
Given a commit ( on a different branch ) , compute a diff between it and its immediate parent , and apply it to the current HEAD .
This is actually the same script as " git revert " , but works forward .
git-cherry finds the patches , this merges them .
Handles failures gracefully .
git-rebase.sh
Move a branch to a more recent " base " release .
This just extracts all the patches applied on the local head since the last merge with upstream ( using git- format - patch ) and re-applies them relative to the current upstream with git-am ( explained under " accepting changes by e-mail " ) .
Finally , it deletes the old branch and gives its name to the new one , so your branch now contains all the same changes , but relative to a different base .
Basically the same as cherry - picking an entire branch .
git-revert.sh
Undo a commit .
Basically " patch - R " followed by a commit .
This is actually the same script as " git- cherry - pick " , just applies the patch in reverse , undoing a change that you do n't wish to back up to using git-reset .
Handles failures gracefully by telling the user what to do .
+
Accepting changes by e-mail git-apply Apply a ( git - style extended ) patch to the current index and working directory .
git-am.sh
The new and improved " apply an mbox " script .
Takes an mbox - style concatenation of e-mails as input and batch - applies them , generating one commit per message .
Can resume after stopping on a patch problem .
( Invoke it as " git - am -- skip " or " git-am -- resolved " to deal with the problematic patch and continue . ) git-mailinfo
Given a single mail message on stdin ( in the Linux standard Submitting Patches format ) , extract a commit message and the patch proper .
git-mailsplit Split an mbox into separate files .
git-applypatch.sh
Tries simple git-apply , then tries a few other clever merge strategies to get a patch to apply .
Used in the main loop of git-am and git-applymbox .
git-applymbox.sh
This is Linus 's original apply - mbox script .
Mostly superseded by git-am ( which is friendlier and has more features ) , but he still uses it , so it 's maintained .
This is so old it was originally a test of the git core called " dotest " , and that name is still lurking in the temp file names .
+
Publishing changes by e-mail git - format - patch.sh Generate a series of patches , in the preferred Linux kernel ( Documentation / Submitting Patches ) format , for posting to lkml or the like .
This formats every commit on a branch as a separate patch .
git-send-email.perl
Actually e-mail the output of git - format - patch .
( This uses direct SMTP , a matter of some controversy .
Others feel that / bin / mail is the correct local mail - sending interface . ) +
Merging git-merge.sh
Merge one or more " remote " heads into the current head .
Some changes , when there has been change only on one branch or the same change has been made to all branches , can be resolved by the " trivial in - index " merge done by git - read - tree .
For more complex cases , git provides a number of different merge strategies ( with reasonable defaults ) .
Note that merges are done on a filename basis .
While git tries to detect renames when generating diffs , most merge strategies do n't track them by renaming .
( The " recursive " strategy , which recently became the default , is a notable exception . ) git-merge - base Finds a common ancestor to use when comparing the changes made on two branches .
The simple case is straightforward , but if there have been cross-merges between the branches , it gets somewhat hairy .
The algorithm is not 100 % final yet .
( There 's also -- all , which lists all candidates . ) git-merge - index
This is the outer merging loop .
It takes the name of a one - file merge executable as an argument , and runs it for every incomplete merge .
git-merge - one- file.sh
This is the standard git - merge - index helper , that tries to resolve a 3 - way merge .
A helper used by all the merge strategies .
( Except " recursive " which has its own equivalent . ) git-merge - octopus.sh
Many - way merge .
Overlaps should be negligible .
git -merge - ours.sh A " dummy " merge strategy helper .
Claims that we did the merge , but actually takes the current tree unmodified .
This is used to cleanly terminate side branches that heve been cherry - picked in .
git-merge - recursive .py A somewhat fancier 3 - way merge .
This handles multiple cross-merges better by using multiple common ancestors .
git-merge - resolve.sh git-merge - stupid.sh
Not actually used by git-merge , this is a simple example merge strategy .
git - read - tree Read the given tree into the index .
This is the difference between the " - - soft " and " - - mixed " modes of git -reset , but the important thing this command does is simple merging .
If -m is specified , this can take up to three trees as arguments .
git-resolve.sh OBSOLETE .
Perform a merge using the " resolve " strategy .
Has been superseded by the " -s resolve " option to git-merge and git-pull .
git-octopus.sh OBSOLETE .
Perform a merge using the " octopus " strategy .
Has been superseded by the " - s octopus " option to git-merge and git-pull . +
Making releases git - get - tar - commit - id Reads out the commit ID that git - tar - tree puts in its output .
( Or fails if this is n't a git - generated tar file . ) git-tag.sh
Create a tag in the refs / tags directory .
There are two kinds : " lightweight tags " are just references to commits .
More serious tags are GPG - signed tag objects , and people receiving the git tree can verify that it is the version that you released .
git-mktag Creates a tag object .
Verifies syntactic correctness of its input .
( If you want to cheat , use git - hash - object . ) git - tar - tree Generate a tar archive of the named tree .
Because git does NOT track file timestamps , this uses the timestamp of the commit , or the current time if you specify a tree .
Also stores the commit ID in an extended tar header .
git-verify - tag.sh Given a tag object , GPG - verify the embedded signature .
+
Accepting changes by network Pulling consists of two steps : retrieving the remote commit objects and everything they point to ( including ancestors ) , then merging that into the desired tree .
There are still separate fetch and merge commands , but it 's more commonly done with a single " git- pull " command .
git - fetch leaves the commit objects , one per line , in .git/FETCH_HEAD.
git -merge will merge those in if that file exists when it is run .
References to remote repositories can be made with long URLs , or with files in the .git / remotes / directory .
The latter also specifies the local branches to merge the fetched data into , making it very easy to track a remote repository .
git-clone.sh
Create a new local clone of a remote repository .
( Can do a couple of space - sharing hacks when " remote " is on a local machine . )
You only do this once .
git -clone - pack
Runs git-upload - pack remotely and places the resultant pack into the local repository .
Supports a variety of network protocols , but " remote " can also be a different directory on the current machine .
git-fetch.sh
Fetch the named refs and all linked objects from a remote repository .
The resultant refs ( tags and commits ) are stored in .git/ FETCH_HEAD , which is used by a later git - resolve or git octopus .
This is the first half of a " git pull " operation .
git -fetch - pack Retrieve missing objects from a remote repository .
git-local - fetch Duplicates a git repository from the local system .
( Er... is this used anywhere ??? ) git-http-fetch
Do a fetch via http .
Http requires some kludgery on the server ( see git- update - server - info ) , but it works .
git-ssh - fetch
Do a fetch via ssh .
git-ls-remote.sh
Show the contents of the refs / heads / and / or refs / tags / directories of a remote repository .
Useful to see what 's available .
git -peek - remote Helper C program for the git-ls - remote script .
Implements the git protocol form of it .
git-parse - remote.sh
Helper script to parse a . git / remotes / file .
Used by a number of these programs .
git-pull.sh
Fetches specific commits from the given remote repository , and merges everything into the current branch .
If a remote commit is named as src:dst , this merges the remote head " src " into the branch " dst " as well as the trunk .
Typically , the " dst " branch is not modified locally , but is kept as a pristine copy of the remote branch .
One very standard example of this contention is that a repository that is tracking another specifies " master : origin " to provide a pristine local copy of the remote " master " branch in the local branch named " origin " .
git-ssh - pull
A helper program that pulls over ssh.
git - shell A shell that can be used for git -only users .
Allows git push ( git- receive - pack ) and pull ( git- upload - pack ) only .
git -receive - pack Receive a pack from git - send - pack , validate it , and add it to the repository .
Adding just the bare objects has no security implications , but this can also update branches and tags , which does have an effect .
Runs pre-update and post - update hooks ; the former may do permissions checking and disallow the upload .
This is the command run remotely via ssh by git-push .
+
Publishing changes by network git - daemon A daemon that serves up the git native protocol so anonymous clients can fetch data .
For it to allow export of a directory , the magic file name " git- daemon - export - ok " must exist in it .
This does not accept ( receive ) data under any circumstances .
git-push.sh Git-pull , only backwards .
Send local changes to a remote repository .
The same . git / remotes / short - cuts can be used , and the same src:dst syntax .
( But this time , the src is local and the dst is remote . ) git - http- push
A helper to git -push to implement the http : protocol .
git-ssh - push
A helper to git -push to push over ssh.
git-ssh - upload Another helper .
This just does the equivalent of " fetch " ( " throw " ? ) and does n't actually merge the result .
Obsolete ?
git-request - pull.sh
Generate an e-mail summarizing the changes between two commits , and request that the recipient pull them from your repository .
Just a little helper to generate a consistent and informative format .
git-send - pack
Pack together a pile of objects missing at the destination and send them .
This is the sending half that talks to a remote git- receive - pack .
git-update - server - info
To run git over http , auxiliary info files are required that describes what objects are in the repository ( since git - upload - pack ca n't generate this on the fly ) .
If you want to publish a repository via http , run this after every commit .
( Typically via the hooks / post - update script . ) git-upload - pack
Like git-send - pack , but this is invoked by a remote git - fetch - pack . -
To unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe git " in the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
Acceptance of loving , committed gay and lesbian couples is on the rise and , consequently , the marriage debate does not have the same heat it used to .
Republicans , beware of marriage politics
In his Ideas piece for Tuesday ’s Politico , “ Can gay marriage save the GOP again ? ” former presidential candidate Gary Bauer makes misleading and inaccurate claims .
Bauer argues that the issue of gay marriage helped catapult the GOP to electoral success in 2004 and directly led to President Bush ’s reelection .
But that theory , long rumored in the aftermath of the 2004 election , has been disproved .
Advertisement
Some analysts inaccurately credited Bush ’s 2004 reelection to his use of the marriage issue to improve the turnout of his base .
However , Matthew Dowd , Bush ’s chief strategist in 2004 , says the marriage issue was not the reason Bush won reelection .
The New York Times quotes Dowd as saying , “ At best , it does n’t move voters , and at worst for Republicans , it moves them against them .
Not so much on the issue , but it becomes , ‘ Why are we having a discussion on this issue when we should be talking about things that matter , like the economy , or health care or the war ? ’ ”
Even so , Bauer ’s argument does n’t hold water , because 2008 is not 2004 .
The politics surrounding marriage are changing quickly .
In 2006 , the five Republicans who used marriage most prominently as a wedge issue all lost .
Sens. Rick Santorum ( Pa. ) and George Allen ( Va. ) , Reps. John Hostetler ( Ind. ) and Anne Northup ( Ky. ) , and Ken Blackwell ( in his race for Ohio governor ) tried to win with anti-gay campaign tactics .
They did n’t necessarily lose because of their tactics , but these tactics did n’t prevent them from losing , as they might have a decade ago .
Support for marriage equality is growing .
Pew Forum polling shows a 6 percent increase in support for marriage equality in the past four years .
A recent Field poll in California showed 54 percent of respondents opposing an anti-marriage constitutional amendment that will be on the ballot in November — an initiative Republican Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger opposes .
And many who oppose marriage equality support civil unions — nationwide , combined support for allowing marriage or civil unions for gay and lesbian couples approaches 60 percent .
It ’s only a matter of time before the law treats all families equally .
Acceptance of loving , committed gay and lesbian couples is on the rise and , consequently , the marriage debate does not have the same heat it used to .
Republicans who try exploiting the issue for political gain this November will fail .
And they ’ll further alienate the young people who are already leaving the GOP in droves .
Unfortunately , prospects for House and Senate Republicans look bleak in November .
Our party ended up in the minority because we forgot what fiscal responsibility meant , got fat with pork barrel spending and lost our compass on ethics .
Republicans also spent much of 2006 debating divisive wedge issues such as a federal constitutional ban on marriage equality and the Terry Schiavo case .
Making these wedge issues a prominent part of the GOP agenda made the party look out of touch with the priorities of average Americans .
This disconnect with average voters cost Republicans the majority in Congress — pollsters agree Democrats won in 2006 because of independents ( exit polls showed independents voting for Democrats by 57 percent to 39 percent ) .
Interestingly enough , the two GOP U.S. senators targeted by Democrats , who should be in the most electoral danger given their constituency — Susan Collins of Maine and Gordon Smith of Oregon , are in the best position to win reelection in 2008 .
Not surprisingly , both Smith and Collins have strong records in favor of fairness and freedom for gay and lesbian Americans .
So , a word to my fellow Republicans :
If we choose the politics of fear and division that helped defeat our party in 2006 , we will alienate the independent voters who will decide this election .
We will suffer an even bigger defeat in 2008 .
Patrick Sammon is president of Log Cabin Republicans , an organization working to make the GOP more inclusive on gay and lesbian issues .
-- Posted Tuesday , 1 July 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
I could see that the audience of reporters and passersby was getting nervous , as I had just finished going through the explanation of how the Federal Reserve creates inflation in the money supply by creating too much money and credit , which causes inflation in things as all of this money enters the economy , and then eventually the inflations in stocks , bonds , houses and the size of government becomes so great that further infusions of money must increase in proportion to the increase in the aforementioned prices of the stocks , bonds , houses and size of government if they are to maintain a static percentage growth , and some of all that increasing avalanche of money starts getting into bidding wars for commodities , increasing the prices of commodities .
But they just were n't getting it .
Even that cute little cub reporter from the Daily Planet was n't getting it .
In my imagination , I had hoped that she would immediately see the horror of what I was telling them ; thus leaping , whilst sobbing and trembling , into my Manly Mogambo Arms ( MMA ) , she would say , " Oh , save me from the horrors of such inflation in prices that comes from inflation in the money supply , Mighty Magnificent Mogambo ( MMM ) !
And by the way , your Manly Mogambo Arms ( MMA ) get me hot !
Take me !
I 'm yours ! "
But they all just sat there with these stupid expressions on their faces .
" Like food and gasoline getting so highly priced that you can't buy them , you freaking morons ! " I exclaimed helpfully .
Then they all started yammering about how prices are so high and how the government ought to do something and blah blah blah .
So I asked , " Do any of you morons know what will happen if the government slows down its spending ?
Chaos !
The government is so huge , and so many people now depend upon it for everything , that the government cannot stop spending !
And so the Fed cannot stop creating excess money and credit , because there is nowhere else from which the government can get that much money !
Inflation will turn to rioting in the streets ! "
Well , they all thought that I was crazy , and that raising taxes on the rich and adding a few more government programs would solve everything .
With a weary sigh of resignation , I showed them an interesting article in Archeology magazine that refers to the Roman writer Seneca describing the feasting excesses of Rome , who asks , " We have all heard about the decadence of the ancient Romans , but how much of this is true ? "
It turns out that researchers " are confirming the classical author 's accounts of the Roman taste for luxury .
Banquets were extravagant feasts where patrons competed to outdo and outspend each other " .
So , intrigued about the possibility of this kind of thing becoming a fad again ( Oh , boy !
Oh , boy ! ) and maybe somebody we know will host one of these Bacchanalian excesses involving un - dreamt of depravity and gluttony and invite us , we naturally want to know , " How much would one of these Roman feasts cost today ? "
The answer is " $ 10,000 for a party of 15 revelers . "
I know what you are thinking .
You are thinking , " Is that all ?
At a lousy $ 667 per reveler ?
It almost costs that much to fill the gas tank on my damned car !
Hahahaha ! "
Well , that 's not exactly true , I admit , but $ 667 per day times 365 days a year is $ 243,455 a year , which used to be a lot , but these days , thanks to the rampant inflation of the last few decades , it is not all that much anymore , and half of all government workers probably make that much when you add in the full value of their overly - generous benefit packages !
And even half of that , or $ 334 a day , is $ 121,727 a year , which , if taxed as income , would yield net - of - tax about what the full Social Security , Medicare , Medicaid and welfare packages now deliver per recipient !
Free food , free medical care , free housing , and literally given cash to spend !
But this is not about how little it costs to stage a Roman feast , but about what happens when people are used to getting free gluttony , and then suddenly they are not .
Perhaps a clue can be found when the Roman author Seneca " wrote that his friend , the food writer Apicius , drank poison and committed suicide rather than give up the gluttonous lifestyle he could no longer afford . "
The bad news is that today 's feasters , gorging themselves at the government trough , are not going to commit suicide .
They are going to riot , and elect politicians to continue the feast , regardless of the cost .
Regardless of the cost !
Hahaha !
We 're freaking doomed !
The Mogambo Sez : Gold , silver and oil .
That is all that one can say when asked about investing in such a crazy world : gold , silver and oil .
And note how even the words are soothing ; gold , silver and oil .
Ahhh !
I feel better already !
Get some , and you will , too !
Gold , silver and oil !
Ahhhhhhhh !
P.S. To get The Daily Reckoning sent directly to your inbox , sign up for our free email newsletter , or if you prefer to use RSS , subscribe to the Daily Reckoning RSS feed .
Editor 's Note : Richard Daughty is general partner and COO for Smith Consultant Group , serving the financial and medical communities , and the editor of The Mogambo Guru economic newsletter - an avocational exercise to heap disrespect on those who desperately deserve it .
The Mogambo Guru is quoted frequently in Barron's , The Daily Reckoning and other fine publications .
Click here to visit the Mogambo archive page .
-- Posted Tuesday , 1 July 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Visit The Daily Reckoning 's website .
Previous Articles by Richard Daughty
In a long interview with the ONM , Masahiro Sakuri took a few moments to discuss his involvement in another possible Smash Bros. game .
“ It ’s interesting , because after every Smash Bros . game I ’ve made , I ’ve always felt at that time that I ’ve left nothing out .
However , I also understand that there are millions of fans out there who love the series so if Mr Iwata came to me in a few years time and asked me to make another one , I ’d have to give it some serious thought . ” – Masahiro Sakurai
Not only is Brawl one of the top rated games on the Wii , but is also one of the best - selling games on the system .
None of the games in the Smash Bros. series ever disappoint with Sakurai ’s guidance , so it would be best if he somehow had an influential role in the next game .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Google
Pocket
Two days ago , CBS altered an interview with John McCain where he made another major policy gaffe , this time in the timeline of the Iraq war .
They did n’t just edit McCain ’s response to the question , they completely changed his response ( using the answer from a different question ) .
As MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann reported , “ CBS curiously , to say the least , left it on the edit room floor .
It aired Katie Couric ’s question , but in response , it inserted part of McCain ’s answer to another question instead . ”
What CBS did was to change McCain ’s response from one which showed his lack of understanding of his signature subject of Foreign Policy and turned it into an attack on Obama saying Barack Obama “ cares more about winning the election than winning a war . ”
Watch the side - by - side below
Now , CBS has done it again .
This time , they scrubbed McCain saying “ The fact is we had four years of failed policy .
We were losing .
We were losing the war in Iraq .
The consequences of failure and defeat of the United States of America in the first major conflict since 9/11 would have had devastating impacts throughout the region and the world . ”
Apparently , the Senator forgot about Afghanistan .
In case you need a refresher , here is the timeline :
September 11 , 2001 , attack on the twin towers and Pentagon
October 7 , 2001 , US begins war with Afghanistan
March 19 , 2003 , US begins war with Iraq
May 1 , 2003 , Bush announces Mission Accomplished
If you want an extended timeline , from 2003 to present , click here .
Should you be as outraged as I am , feel free to express yourself to the CBS ombudsman at publiceye@cbs.com ( more contact information below ) .
Oregon Activist over at TPMM had a good comment about media activism .
I am reposting it here :
Media Activism 101 1 : Know your key message and be able to include it in every response and every opportunity .
Sure , you might get lampooned by Jon Stewart , but even in the lampoon your message is repeated 20 times .
2 : Speak in terms of values and beliefs , not with facts and figures .
If people are not moved by your values argument , they will not believe your facts and figures anyway .
3 : Project a unified worldview .
Believe it or not , the Right has condensed every issue to three main ideas : a ) the rugged individual , bootstraps , go it alone American ; b ) government interferes with people , not a solution , gets in the way , limited role ; c ) the market is the solution for all problems .
Does n’t matter whether it ’s education , health care or the environment , they can trot those three ideas out and they do , constantly reinforcing a unified worldview .
We do n’t do that !
We could project a unified worldview that a ) we are all in this together , that we are a community with a shared responsibility to help each other thrive ; b ) government is best suited to address social problems when people have the power to hold it accountable ; and …. the problem is that we have not defined a good counter - worldview that we all agree on .
4 : Write letters , call in complaints .
One time years ago I called the editor of the Oregonian and after he said “ Why should I care what your think ? ” and I countered because you do n’t want to look unethical , he looked into my complaint and even wrote an perfect editorial addressing my complaint .
Track objective info about your local media and then meet with them to discuss your concerns – with stats on #’s of stories , etc. 5 : Read Talking the Walk by Makani Themba - Nixon 6 .
Go to Grassroots Policy Project and download and read everything .
Toss Do n’t
Think of an Elephant in the trash .
If you want to read more about how we might take the media back , read this , this and this .
Be sure to read all the comments , too .
Many are quite good .
Raider99 and Ripper McCord , at TPMM , started the ball .
It ’s time for us to pick it up and run with it .
Here is a list of contact information for many media outlets across the country .
Psssst … do something !
To start , distribute this post far and wide .
: : : : : : : : : :
Cross posted at Think Left. Live Right .
As we left the walk - in closet , strapped and ready to bust caps , Clancy 's fiancee , Alexandra Llewellyn , happened by .
'' You boys going to shoot ? '' she said with a half - smirk .
Llewellyn is a second cousin of Colin Powell .
The obvious implication of this fact has drawn notice , to Clancy 's consternation .
'' Because I like guns I 'm supposed to be in the [ expletive ] K.K.K.?'' he asked .
Earlier , we had been sitting in his office , which overlooks the Chesapeake Bay -- perfectly idyllic except for the Navy helicopter buzzing the house .
'' That happens all the time .
You know , ' That 's where Tom Clancy lives . '''
Clancy is the Ricky Martin of the United States military , and he returns the adulation .
Clancy 's newest work , '' Every Man a Tiger , '' a nonfiction book written with Gen. Chuck Horner , retired , who commanded the allied air campaign against Iraq , has been on the New York Times best - seller list for three weeks .
Tom Clancy is famously right - wing , and famously prickly , and today , as we armed ourselves , there was no way to know if he was being especially prickly or especially right - wing .
But this was the day after the Littleton shootings , and it was not turning into a good day for the N.R.A. and its supporters , of whom Tom Clancy is among the most prominent .
'' People are going to say , ' Oooooh , guns are bad , guns are bad . '''
He said this in a mincing tone of voice .
'' Well , not one of my guns ever jumped out of my closet and killed someone . ''
Clancy 's audience today is not entirely unsympathetic .
When he asked me what weapon I would bring to shoot , I explained that I am a resident of D.C. , where it is illegal to own handguns .
I said that I thought this particular ban was illogical , since it has had no discernible impact on the city 's crime rate .
I endeared myself to Clancy by expressing this opinion , and he said he would even let me use his ammunition .
But where should blame for Littleton be apportioned , then ?
'' Obviously , those kids ' parents messed up somehow or other .
Maybe they were genetically flawed .
Maybe the best thing to do would be for the parents to join the N.R.A. and take a good gun-safety class . ''
McCain endorses ' big oil '' predictions to push offshore drilling David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday July 22 , 2008
Print This Email This Republican Presidential candidate John McCain is relying on the projections of oil company executives to push his coastal drilling plan that would enrich those same executives -- who by the way are n't already exploiting every opportunity they have to drill where they 're already allowed to .
At a campaign stop in New Hampshire Tuesday , McCain said Congress must allow offshore drilling for oil and natural gas simply because the possibility to drill there exists .
He dismissed suggestions that offshore drilling would have negligible effects on lowering the price of gasoline .
" The oil executives say within a couple years we could be seeing results from it .
So why not do it , " McCain said in Rochester , NH .
" We need to do it . "
Offshore drilling proponents point to industry estimates that oil could begin flowing in " three to four years , " but environmentalists and Democrats say the amount of recoverable oil is n't enough to make a difference in prices to justify the environmental consequences .
The environmental blog Gristmill notes a recent study from the US Energy Information Administration that predicted offshore drilling likely would n't make any difference in prices until 2030 .
The same outlet calls McCain 's proposal a cruel " hoax . "
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi denounced drilling plans in similar form .
 This call for drilling in areas that are protected is a hoax , its an absolute hoax on the part of the Republicans and this administration 
Pelosi said last week .
 It s a decoy to punt your attention away from the fact that their policies have produced $ 4 - a - gallon gasoline . 
McCain went on to argue that lifting the moratorium could affect short term prices because oil is traded on futures markets and a demonstration of extra domestic supply would cause traders to adjust their long term projections .
" When the president announced we were lifting the federal moratorium on offshore drilling , the price of oil went down 10 dollars a barrel .
... so it can have a beneficial effect in the short term as well as the long term , " McCain said .
A $ 10 drop in per -barrel oil prices did follow President Bush 's ultimately meaningless gesture last week to lift a moratorium on coastal drilling ( a Congressional drilling ban remains in place ) .
But reports on the price drop said it was a response to gloomy economic forecasts from US Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke who said rising prices were driving down demand for oil and gasoline .
And a nearly identical price drop preceded Bush 's speech by a week before the prices shot back up .
Investors Business Daily , in a pro-drilling editorial laid out a similar futures - market argument to open the coasts , pointing out that Ronald Reagan eased restrictions on drilling in 1981 and prices fell by 1986 .
However , the oil glut of the mid 1980s had many causes beyond Reagan 's gesture , including an increased emphasis on conservation inspired by the energy crises of the 1970s .
Democrats also argue the oil companies are not taking advantage of the offshore leases they already have .
Of 43 million leased acres , only 8 million are producing oil , they say .
One of the biggest oil companies , ExxonMobil , is seemingly less concerned about finding new domestic oil now than they were in 1981 , at least if their spending priorities are to be believed .
As of last year , the company , which formed in a 1999 merger , was spending 60 percent as much looking for oil than Exxon and Mobil did in 1981 .
The same company has been turning out record profits for the last several years , as gas prices have soared .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast July 22 , 2008 .
Download video
The almighty dollar is mighty no more .
It has been declining steadily for six years against other major currencies , undercutting its role as the leading international banking currency .
The long slide is fanning inflation at home and playing a major role in the run-up of oil and gasoline prices everywhere .
Vacationing Europeans are finding bargains in the U.S. , while Americans in Paris and other world capitals are being clobbered by sky - high tabs for hotels , travel and even sidewalk cafes .
Northern border - city Americans who once flocked into Canada for shopping deals are staying home ; it 's the Canadians flocking here now .
Everything made in America — from goods to entire companies — is near dirt cheap to many foreigners .
Meanwhile , American consumers , both those who travel and those who stay at home , are seeing big price increases in energy , food and imported goods .
The dollar has lost roughly a quarter of its purchasing power against the currencies of major U.S. trading partners from its peak in 2002 .
Since oil is bought and sold in dollars worldwide , the devalued dollar has made the recent surge in energy prices even worse for Americans , leading to $ 4 gasoline in the United States .
Analysts suggest that of the $ 140 a barrel that oil fetches globally , some $ 25 may be due to the devalued dollar .
Further declines in the dollar will add to oil 's appeal as a commodity to be traded .
Oil , suggests influential energy consultant David Yergin , is " the new gold . "
The limp greenback has had one big benefit to the U.S. economy : Since it makes American goods cheaper overseas , it has helped manufacturers who export and other U.S. based companies with international reach .
Exports have been one of the few bright spots in an otherwise darkening U.S. economy .
Franklin Vargo , vice president of international economic affairs at the National Association of Manufacturers , welcomes the dollar slide , as do members of his organization .
" We can see that , when the dollar 's not overpriced , that people around the world want American goods and our exports are going gangbusters now , " he said .
He does n't see the dollar as undervalued .
He sees it as having being overpriced in the 1990s — and what 's happened since as something along the lines of a correction .
Still , Vargo acknowledges the dollar 's decline has brought a measure of pain to some consumers .
" As the dollar has gone down in value , that has added to the dollar cost of oil .
No question .
So having the dollar decline is not unambiguously a plus .
That 's why we say there 's got to be a balance there somewhere .
What we want is a Goldilocks dollar .
Not too strong , not too weak .
But just right .
And only the market can determine that , " Vargo said .
Mark Zandi , chief economist at Moody 's Economy.com , said expanding exports due to a weak dollar are " an important source of growth , but it does n't add a lot to jobs , it does n't mean very much for the average American household .
For the average American , for the average consumer , these are pretty tough times . "
The loss of the dollar 's purchasing power and international respect has some experts worrying that the euro might one day replace the dollar as the so - called primary reserve currency .
And that could trigger a dollar rout as foreign governments and international investors flee from U.S. Treasury bonds and other dollar - denominated investments .
Making matters worse :
The gaping U.S. current - account deficit — the amount by which the value of goods , services and investments bought in the U.S. from overseas exceeds the amount the U.S. sells abroad — and the low levels of domestic savings means that foreigners must purchase more than $ 3 billion every business day to fund the imbalance .
Since roughly half of the nation 's nearly $ 10 trillion national debt is held by foreigners , mostly in Treasury bills and bonds , such a withdrawal could have enormous consequences .
Yet Washington finds its options limited .
President Bush asserts longtime support for a " strong " dollar — an assertion he made again last week in a Rose Garden news conference .
" We 're strong - dollar people in this administration and have always been for a strong dollar and believe that the relative strengths of our economy will reflect that , " he said .
But not once in his presidency has the U.S bought dollars on foreign exchange markets — called intervention — to help prop up the greenback .
There 's no telling where the buck will stop these days , although for the past few weeks it seems to be in a holding pattern .
Even as three Bush Treasury secretaries in a row spouted the strong - dollar mantra , the dollar kept tumbling against the euro , the pound , the yen , the Canadian dollar and most other major currencies .
The Federal Reserve could prop up the dollar by increasing interest rates under its control .
Increased yields would make dollar - denominated investments more attractive to foreigners .
But that could undercut the already anemic economic growth in a frail U.S. economy rocked by soaring fuel costs , falling home prices and rising unemployment — and the lowest reading of consumer confidence in 16 years .
The Fed must do a balancing act between keeping the domestic economy from going into recession and keeping inflation at bay .
Furthermore , no Fed likes to raise rates aggressively in a presidential election year .
It seems more inclined to hold interest rates low for now to give financial markets time to recover from the housing meltdown and credit crunch .
It did just that in its meeting on June 25 , leaving a key short - term rate at 2 percent .
The rate reached that level in April after a series of aggressive cuts that brought it down 3.25 percentage points since September .
Those cuts helped ease the housing and credit crises — but drove the dollar further down .
In early June , Bush declared before his trip to Europe : " A strong dollar is in our nation 's interests .
It is in the interests of the global economy . "
That , plus a warning by Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke that the dollar 's weakness was contributing to U.S. inflation , seemed to temporarily break the dollar 's tumble .
Presidents and Fed chairmen do n't usually talk directly about the dollar and exchange rates — leaving that up to the Treasury secretary — and international bankers and investors took note of the high - level attention .
Over the past few weeks , the dollar has remained relatively stable , although it took a dip after the Fed decided to leave rates unchanged .
The long slide may not be over .
Still , if the Fed moves to lift rates later this year , as some traders and investors anticipate , it could buttress the dollar and spur an exodus of speculators from the oil market — helping to both prop up the dollar and drive down oil prices .
But few economists are sanguine that the economy will improve any time soon .
The other main tool to move the dollar — intervention in currency markets by buying dollars and selling other currencies — is risky .
It would take great sums of money to make any difference .
The foreign exchange market is the largest in the world , with over $ 1 trillion traded each day .
Seeing the U.S. trying to prop up the greenback by buying dollars could be taken as a sign of desperation and possibly trigger a renewed round of selling .
Furthermore , there has been little encouragement for such a strategy from finance ministers from the Group of Eight wealthy democracies — Japan , Britain , Germany , France , Italy , Canada and Russia plus the U.S. Leaders of the eight countries were to meet in Japan beginning Monday , but the falling dollar was not even on the formal agenda .
It 's too touchy an issue , and the dollar 's relative stability over the past few weeks makes it easier for world leaders to steer clear .
" People will be talking about it in the corridors , " said Reginald Dale , a senior fellow with the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson has suggested that nothing is " off the table " including intervention .
But Bush has made statements suggesting he intends to let market forces set exchange rates .
The dollar has fallen so far , it will be difficult to halt or reverse its slide .
U.S. efforts to persuade Saudi Arabia and other major oil - producing nations to increase their production — and help ease pressure on both oil prices and the dollar — have brought scant results .
" There 's no magic wand , " said White House press secretary Dana Perino .
" It 's not going to be a problem that we solve overnight . "
I probably should have chosen a different title when I first wrote about Yahoo Buzz .
According to comScore , Yahoo Buzz has actually overtaken Digg with nearly 7 million monthly unique visitors in the U.S .
As always , these metrics must be taken with a grain of salt ; also , one must take into account is that Yahoo is one of the top 5 sites overall according to most metrics , and that all their projects get a really nice kickstart from all that traffic .
But still , I did n't expect such stellar growth for Yahoo Buzz , which seemed - it still does , in fact - like a lightweight version of Digg for less tech - savvy users .
My smart friend Muhammad Saleem seems to have been right when he predicted that Yahoo Buzz is actually a big draw for publishers who will swarm at the prospect of being featured on Yahoo's front page , while at the same time being a nice option for less - than - hardcore social media users , which is most of the world 's population .
Furthermore , Yahoo Buzz has a more diverse audience than Digg .
While Digg 's young , male , techy audience has been the stuff of legend since the site 's beginnings , 51 % of Yahoo Buzz 's visitors are women .
This does n't matter much to the users but it does matter a great deal to the advertisers ; another legend has it that diggers never click on ads , and this might not hold true for Yahoo Buzz .
Does all this mean that Digg is in some sort of trouble ?
I do n't think so .
Publicly available metrics such as Compete are showing growth , and the site still generates almost as much buzz as it did a year ago .
Still , the success of Yahoo Buzz makes Digg just a little bit less untouchable .
[ darcs-users ] darcs patch theory
Hi all , [ If you 're getting this mail directly then it 's because you 've given me the impression you might be interested in darcs patch theory .
If that 's not the case , or if you just want to read this stuff on the darcs mailing list , then let me know and I wo n't bother you further ]
I 've just spent a couple of days trying to make my darcs patch theory doc more understandable .
There 's now a load of fluffy explanatory text , and some pretty pictures to try to help explain what is going on .
This is still very much a work in progress , and is n't as formal as it could be , but I hope it is now free of large errors .
Also , it now describes something much closer to what darcs actually does than the previous version .
The proofs are still all missing , and there are a couple of ( marked ) places where the formal description is particularly vague .
PDF is here : http://urchin.earth.li/~ian/theory.pdf
LaTeX source is in a darcs ( 1 ) repo here : http://urchin.earth.li/~ian/theory/
Comments and patches welcomed !
Thanks Ian
Singer Pete Doherty has been blocked from performing at a music festival amid fears his band would " gee up " the crowd into a dangerous frenzy .
The decision came after police asked an intelligence officer to research Doherty 's band , Babyshambles , who were booked to headline Moonfest festival in Westbury , Wiltshire , next week .
They concluded that the band 's tendency to " speed up and then slow down the music " could create a " whirlpool effect " and spark disorder .
Lawyers acting on behalf of Wiltshire police convinced magistrates to provide a closure order for the festival on the night the band were scheduled to perform .
John Green , Moonfest 's organiser , said he was " livid " at the decision and accused police of waging a vendetta against Doherty , who lives locally .
But Superintendent Paul Williams said the ban was designed to preserve public safety .
" Experts are telling us that the profile of fans that follow Pete Doherty and Babyshambles is volatile and they can easily be whipped up into a frenzy , whereas the profile of someone that would follow around Cliff Richard or Bucks Fizz , for example , is completely different . "
Williams said " other organisation changes " at the festival meant security provisions were no longer adequate .
Police were alerted to the potential perils of a Doherty performance , Williams said , after learning about his solo performance at the Royal Albert Hall last month .
Some fans mounted the stage and police were called , but no arrests were made .
Chief Superintendent Julian Kirby , the divisional commander , told Wiltshire 's Gazette and Herald : " We carried out an analysis of what Pete Doherty and his band does .
What he does as part of his routine is to gee up the crowd .
" They speed up and then slow down the music and create a whirlpool effect in the crowd .
They [ the crowd ] all get geed up and then they start fighting . "
Those present at north Wiltshire magistrates on Monday on behalf of police included a barrister , an acting chief inspector and an " industry expert " .
It took the court a day to reach its decision to support the force 's application , which Green contested .
It is believed to be the first court to issue section 160 of the Licensing Act ( 2003 ) to stop an act performing .
Green said the revocation had cut the festival a day short .
He said Doherty was " absolutely devastated and furious " .
He added : " He 's very kindly offered a free gig for everyone who has bought a ticket and wo n't be able to see him . "
Green said police had offered him a deal during a pause in court proceedings to allow the night to go ahead if he agreed to spend more on security and removed Doherty from the lineup but he refused the " offer " .
" They told me privately they hate the fact he lives in Wiltshire and they do n't want him on their patch , " he said .
Williams denied his force had offered a deal or had anything against the singer .
He had never heard Doherty 's music , he said .
" Public safety is our primary concern . "
NEW ORLEANS ( Reuters ) -
The last two Atlantic hurricane seasons passed with barely a stir in south Louisiana , sparing New Orleans another disaster .
But some local officials fear the respite may have contributed to a false sense of safety in parts of the city that still face great danger .
A house stands near the floodwall of the levee , at the location where it was breached by a barge during the Hurricane Katrina , in the Lower Ninth Ward of New Orleans , Louisiana August 23 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Lee Celano
Hurricane Katrina decimated New Orleans and killed 1,500 people on the U.S. Gulf of Mexico Coast in August 2005 , but no other hurricanes have struck the city since .
The government is shoring up levees and floodwalls , but completion of some of that work is years away and local officials say little has been done to protect the Mississippi River delta from a tidal surge like the one that devastated Myanmar this month .
Post - Katrina New Orleans remains two separate communities as another hurricane season begins on June 1 .
One sustained heavy damage during the flood that followed Katrina and is still bears the storm ’s scars .
The other , which includes the historic French Quarter , shows few signs of a brush with Katrina , a Category 3 storm on the five - step Saffir - Simpson scale of hurricane intensity .
On the city ’s East Bank , the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is raising levees and installing steel - reinforced gates on three drainage canals to block a surge in Lake Pontchartrain from pushing into the canals , as occurred in 2005 .
Lt. Col. Murray Starkel , the Corp ’s deputy commander in New Orleans , said the reinforced gates will protect the canals against a surge during a Katrina - like storm that might occur once every 100 years .
That once - in - 100 - year - event has become the Corps ’ minimum standard for New Orleans ’ flood protection .
“ I think the inner portion of the city of New Orleans is better protected than it has been in many , many years , ” said Jerry Sneed of Louisiana ’s Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness .
“ Is it at the 100 - year storm level ?
Not yet , but it will be in the near future . ”
FLOODWALL , LEVEE IMPROVEMENTS INCOMPLETE
The other side of the river is a different story .
About $ 285 million in improvements on West Bank levees and floodwalls wo n’t be completed for another year .
That system will only meet standards set more than two decades ago , said Gerald Spohrer , executive director of the West Jefferson Levee District .
Reaching 100 - year storm protection will take at least three more years , he said .
The West Bank , much of which lies south of downtown New Orleans , is at greater risk than the rest of the city because it is more exposed to the Gulf .
It came through Katrina relatively unscathed only because the storm jogged eastward just before landfall .
“ The West Bank is still vulnerable , ” Sneed said .
“ Our biggest fear is that people who live on the West Bank of New Orleans and did n’t get flooded think that they are home free in the event of a storm . ”
Also still facing danger from a direct hit is St. Bernard Parish , downriver from New Orleans , which suffered massive damage from Katrina ’s storm surge .
Many St. Bernard residents blame their woes on a shipping channel called the Mississippi River - Gulf Outlet .
Water surging through that outlet contributed to a canal wall breach that flooded much of the city ’s Lower 9th Ward and St. Bernard .
In April , the Corps awarded a $ 695 million contract for construction of barriers to block the canal by 2011 .
All this work could be for naught if the authorities do not address a problem , which parallels one of the vulnerabilities in Myanmar , where Cyclone Nargis pushed a wall of water 25 miles inland , killing tens of thousands .
The Irrawaddy Delta and New Orleans have dwindling vegetation buffers that could reduce the force of a storm surge .
Myanmar ’s delta sacrificed its coastal mangrove forests to shrimp and rice farming .
Louisiana has lost hundreds of miles ( km ) of wetlands to erosion .
Studies are under way on rebuilding Louisiana ’s wetlands , but significant action is years away , said Robert Twilley , a coastal researcher at Louisiana State University .
“ A valid flood protection system has to include a very aggressive coastal restoration program , ” he said .
I ’d like to think that I deal with passwords the way most developers do .
When dealing with registration or something else that requires the user to provide a password , I follow some general guidelines :
The password must be a minimum length , normally no less than 6 characters
The password ’s maximum length is very high ( 200 characters )
I ’ll typically check for at least a mix of letters and numbers .
For applications with considerably more sensitive data , I ’ll have more requirements – such as mixed casing or special characters .
Hash the password with a salt ( the salt can be a fixed string , or something more unique to the user – again based on sensitivity ) .
Salting means that if someone gets access to a dump of your Users table , they ’ll still have a hard time logging into the system with a dictionary attack .
Since hashes can’t easily be reversed , send out a new password to users when they forgot password and have them change the temporary password as soon as they log in .
All this is pretty vanilla and you can change an SHA1 hash implementation for some encryption or whatever else tickles your fancy .
What I ’ve noticed though is n’t that developers are hitting some type of technical hurdle when dealing with password , but rather , a usability one .
The point behind bullets 1 , 2 and 3 is that users ought to be able to enter anything they want as a password , provided it meets a minimum set of guidelines .
As developers , we should try very hard never to impose restrictions which limit the effectiveness of a password .
Lately though , I ’ve been astonished at some of the limits sites impose on passwords – forcing me to come up with a less secure password than what I would have liked .
Here are some popular sites which have such restrictions :
digg only accepts letters and numbers
SourceForge only accepts letters and numbers ( when you change your password , Source Forge even goes through the trouble of showing you a little dynamic update as you type ( weak > normal > strong and then “ invalid character ” when you enter an exclamation mark )
Passport limits password to 16 characters ( is n’t Microsoft a champion of passphrases ? )
MySpace only accepts passwords up to 10 characters long , but at least require 1 number or punctuation character
Wikipedia let me register with a password of ‘ a ’ , but at least has very informative help on choosing a strong password .
( Additionally , given what an anonymous user can do on Wikipedia , I ’m not too disappointed in this policy )
And for sites with better policies :
Ebay , PayPal and Google have useful help and accept special characters ( PayPal and Google even require at least 8 characters ) ,
Twitter and Facebook do n’t have any “ choosing a strong password ” help , but still seem to accept everything
The most shameful site I ’ve ever come across though is completely unacceptable – not only because of the ridiculous limitations it puts on passwords , but also the type of data it ’s responsible for .
The Bank of Montreal ’s Mosaik Credit Card ( BMO is major Canadian bank ) , has a password limit of 8 characters and only accepts letters and numbers ( there ’s actually a maxlength= ” 8 ″ attribute on the form ) .
Here ’s a simple rule to follow .
If Windows Calculator displays the total number of possible combinations in non-exponential form , you password guidelines suck .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korea ’s entire cabinet offered to resign on Tuesday in the face of massive street protests as its increasingly unpopular president warned that Asia ’s fourth - largest economy could be heading into crisis .
The protests against the government , in office barely three months , were sparked by public outcry over a deal to widen its market to U.S. beef imports and have cast a darkening cloud over President Lee Myung - bak ’s plans for sweeping reform .
“ The prime minister offered the cabinet ’s resignation at the regular meeting this morning ( with Lee ) , ” a spokeswoman at the prime minister ’s office said , in what local media said was a response to the mounting anti-government protests .
Tens of thousands of protesters chanting “ Lee Myung - bak go away ” clogged the streets of central Seoul in a candlelight rally attended by mothers toting children , radical labor groups , office workers and college students .
Police sealed off roads in the capital , stacking sand - filled shipping containers to block the main street leading to the presidential Blue House and deployed high - pressure water cannons to disperse any violent protesters .
Organizers said 700,000 gathered in Seoul for the largest anti-Lee rally to date .
Police put the number at 80,000 while some local media estimated the crowd at 200,000 to 400,000 .
“ I want to denounce not only the beef deal but the other policies of the Lee Myung - bak government .
I ’m just one person but I think the president will listen to me when I speak loudly with so many others , ” said protester Sang Mi-ra .
ECONOMIC ROUGH PATCH
Lee warned that surging resource prices and slowing growth were pushing the economy toward its roughest patch in a decade .
“ Our economy is faced with a serious difficulty , with prices rising and the economy gradually slowing , ” Lee said in a speech to mark the 21st anniversary of pro-democracy protests that helped end years of autocratic rule in South Korea .
Shortly after he spoke , the government announced that producer price inflation in the world ’s fifth - largest crude oil importer had hit a near 10 - year high last month .
The data makes it even more likely the central bank will keep interest rates on hold at its monthly meeting on Thursday despite recent pressure from the government to relax monetary policy to spur slowing domestic demand .
Inflation fears have hit local financial markets and on Tuesday forced the authorities to sell dollars to prop up the weakening won .
Bonds prices also fell and the political unrest was cited as a factor is pressing down share prices .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Lee ’s promise of 6 percent growth this year now looks out of reach and many economists doubt it will even match last year ’s 5 percent rise because of the impact of slowing economic growth and surging inflation around the world .
RESHUFFLE
Local media said Lee would start a government reshuffle later this week and speculated the conservative former CEO would ditch his farm , health and education ministers , along with several aides , and possibly the foreign and finance ministers .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The April beef deal with the United States was meant to help a separate bilateral free trade accord that U.S. congressional leaders threatened to block unless South Korea opened up its market to beef imports .
But widespread concern over mad -cow disease in U.S. beef quickly turned the issue into a lightning rod for a broad range of grievances against Lee ’s government that the public increasingly sees as out of touch with its concerns .
The U.S. government is vexed by the delay in reopening a lucrative market and said it will not renegotiate the deal .
“ We are in close contact with the Korean government in an effort to find a mutually acceptable path forward , ” said Gretchen Hamel , spokeswoman for U.S. Trade Representative Susan Schwab .
Lee won December ’s presidential election over an unpopular liberal opponent by a landslide , largely on his pledge to bring high growth back to South Korea ’s export - dependent economy .
“ His path to the presidency was too easy .
He felt he could do no wrong and this created arrogance and confidence that made it difficult for him to see the political landscape , ” said Kang Won-taek , political science professor at Soongsil University .
Truck drivers , following the lead of unions in countries across Asia and Europe , voted on Monday to go on strike over rising fuel prices .
They ignored the government ’s $ 10.2 billion financial aid package announced a day before and designed in part to cushion the impact of mounting energy costs .
Other unions also voted on whether to strike and slow down production at auto plants and other factories .
The growing political storm has all but blocked the government ’s plans for major economic reform , including tax cuts , privatization of major state - run firms and banks and efforts to make the country more accessible to foreign investment .
The new conservative - dominated parliament has been unable to sit because the opposition has boycotted its opening .
“ The current crisis signifies a deeper public malaise in Korea , risking to dampen economic growth over the coming year , ” said Hong Kong - based HSBC Asia economist Frederic Neumann .
“ The second big worry is that consumer and business sentiment takes another hit , thus depressing domestic demand at a time when exports could show signs of buckling . ”
Over on Boing Boing Gadgets , our Joel posts this video in which Tim Ferriss interviews Daniel " Pentagon Papers " Ellsberg about tomorrow 's vote on warrantless wiretapping in the USA .
If Congress passes this bill ( the " FISA bill " ) , it will become legal for intelligence agencies to bulk - wiretap American citizens without a warrant , using data - mining to listen in on millions of Internet and phone connections .
Ellsberg , a heroic former intelligence officer , is eloquent and uncompromising in his condemnation of this — and he makes a good case that any Congressperson who votes for it is violating her / his oath to uphold the Constitution .
You can get more information and learn how to contact your rep by visiting the EFF 's action page for the issue .
Link ,
Discuss on Boing Boing Gadgetsb
City to Potty Train All Residents
Imagine , as a grown adult , your city trying to teach you how to properly use the restroom .
That is exactly what one city in South Taiwan has started to do .
To reduce over 340 tons of waste generated daily , Tainen launched it ’s new potty training program which is geared towards teaching its 764,000 residents to flush their toilet paper instead of throwing it in trash cans .
“ An old habit is to throw toilet paper in the trash can beside the toilet , which causes a major stink that ’s bad for public sanitation . ”
When “ Japanese and Western visitors come to Taiwan , they find this Taiwan toilet habit to be quite poor . ”
Toilet users are accustomed to using the trash instead of flushing their paper down the toilet because of pipe backup and clogging problems , however the current system can handle the load without backing up .
In addition to solving the issue of trash buildup and smell concerns , flushing the toilet paper will actually save the city $ 600 million a year in trash treatment costs .
( link )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Sleight of hand by the Home Office does n’t quite cover up the fact that last year the number of people wrongly branded as criminals was actually more than the number of people identified as having committed a sex crime .
That is the picture that emerges if you take the time to wade through the morass of ever - so - slightly skewed figures put out by the Criminal Records Bureau ( CRB ) .
The story begins with the Telegraph , which noted this weekend that 680 individuals were wrongly branded as criminals .
This figure appears to be derived from a combination of sources .
A recent Press Release proudly proclaims that the CRB carried out some 3.3 million checks in 2007 .
Meanwhile , the CRB 2008/ 9 business plan ( pdf ) states that in 2007 / 8 the service achieved an accuracy level of “ over 99.98 per cent ” .
Or , in other words , about 0.02 per cent of disclosures are inaccurate – which gives a figure of 660 over a full year .
This basic maths is necessary because – unless we have missed the point entirely – the precise figures need to be tracked down .
Neither the annual report ( pdf ) nor the business plan deliver figures for each category .
If readers can prove us wrong , we are more than willing to print a correction .
Next is the question of how many sex offenders are caught by the checks .
The same release that gives us the figure of 3.3 million checks also proclaims that : “ 190,000 [ checks ] revealed information about the applicant . ”
Well are you or are n't you ?
This led to “ around 20,000 unsuitable people being stopped from gaining access to children or vulnerable adults .
Convictions for theft and violence accounted for 56 per cent of those convictions , [ but ] only 4 per cent related to offences of a sexual nature . ”
This is where the spin sets in .
A naive reading of that paragraph might lead you to imagine that the CRB had flagged up 800 previous convictions of a sexual nature .
Not so .
Because as the Home Office explained to The Register , only 74 per cent of those prevented from gaining access – or 14,800 individuals – were stopped as a result of previous convictions .
The remainder were stopped on the basis of “ other information ” ( including local police force info and a List 99 check ) .
Go back to the Home Office again , and it explains that the CRB now has access to over 55 million pieces of non-conviction information via its PLX database .
This is held by police forces of England , Wales and Scotland , British Transport Police , the Police Service Northern Ireland and Service Police Crime Bureau ( SPCB ) .
In the absence of any further illumination , we must conclude that the bulk of child protection is based not on hard conviction data – but rather , can be tracked back to “ other information ” .
This is presumably the sort of information that saw former Deputy Principal , John Pinnington removed from his job on the basis of an unfounded and unsubstantiated allegation that the police believe they are duty - bound to pass on .
An upcoming judicial review should clarify that particular situation .
Nonetheless , it should be noted that the Pinnington case is not being contested on the basis that the information is inaccurate - everyone agrees that an allegation was made – but that the substance of the allegation was so lightweight as to be very poor grounds for non-employment .
So this entire edifice , turning over just over £ 100 m in a full year , has flagged up 592 individuals with previous sexual convictions .
Plus 660 inaccurate identifications .
Plus an unquantified number of individuals who have lost jobs on the basis of misguided suspicion .
Is it safeguarding children ?
Again , it is hard to say , since all of the figures quoted above are for the work of the whole CRB – which covers children AND vulnerable adults .
A great deal of the PR highlights child protection , but without disaggregated figures , it is difficult to tell where the CRB is having most effect .
Scots Note :
Let it never be said that The Register ignores those north of the border .
If you live in Scotland , your background will be checked by Disclosure Scotland .
In 2007 / 08 , the service carried out 782,708 checks , with a dispute rate of 0.036 per cent .
Disclosure Scotland utilises much of the same data as the CRB in England and Wales .
However , it is a separate body and only focuses on Scotland .
The cost of a CRB check south of the border is £ 31 for a standard check and £ 36 for an enhanced check , whereas in Scotland it is a £ 20 flat rate for either .
Unfortunately , it is only possible to obtain a check from Disclosure Scotland if you work in Scotland .
It would appear that , proportionally , the Scots check more of their population .
The percentage checked in England and Wales in 2007 was c. 6.6 per cent ; in Scotland , the figure was closer to 7.8 per cent . ®
The legislation came before MSPs at parliament New laws banning under - 18s from using sunbeds have been passed by MSPs at Holyrood .
Ministers said the move would underline the dangers of their use - but some operators say the legislation is unnecessary .
Salons in Scotland will face a £ 100 fine if they are caught letting people younger than 18 use sunbeds .
Public health minister , Shona Robison said the provisions " will put us ahead of the rest of the UK " .
She added : " This is about adults being given information to make an informed and educated choice and children being fundamentally protected .
We are taking charge of our own health - we are accepting responsibility and rising to the challenges we face
Ken McIntosh
Labour MSP
Ms Robison did not rule out a future licensing regime for sunbed salons and said ministers would look again at this after having had time to assess the evidence .
The sunbed measures were put forward by Labour Eastwood MSP Ken McIntosh , who said Scotland had been hit by a skin cancer epidemic .
He said : " We are taking charge of our own health - we are accepting responsibility and rising to the challenges we face . "
Tory health spokeswoman Mary Scanlon said this " should be a catalyst for further training and awareness raising " .
Liberal Democrat Ross Finnie said : " It 's a very important contribution to health in relation to the problems of skin cancer . "
Quarantine power
The legislation would also see salons hit with a £ 50 fine if they are caught operating unstaffed , coin - operated tanning facilities .
But some operators said there was no evidence of sunbeds being abused and that parlours were not responsible for an increase in skin cancer .
Consol Suncenter , which operates more than 20 unstaffed premises , said there was a greater risk of children developing cancer on a foreign holiday and CCTV monitoring of premises indicated no children were using them .
The Public Heath Bill will also extend current laws to include action for protection against biological , chemical and radiological contamination , including more powers of quarantine .
The responsibility of health boards to provide mortuaries would also be placed on a statutory footing .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
I think this shows the problem with the wii :
When you can sell a tech demo as a full game , and get praised for it .
All this tech demo for the new addon , combined with some minigames .
Thats it .
It should be a $ 20 download , not a full price game .
The fact that nintendo can sell junk like this and make billions proves just whats wrong with the industry today .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The United States has " wasted " more than half a billion dollars in Iraq repairing facilities that were damaged because of poor security , the special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction says in a report released Wednesday .
Workers clear debris during reconstruction along al - Mutanabi Street in central Baghdad , Iraq , in May .
Stuart Bowen 's quarterly report arrived at a price tag of $ 560 million by tallying the results of more than 100 audits his office has conducted .
Further billions had to be diverted from reconstruction to security because the Bush administration did not adequately foresee how volatile Iraq would be when it began rebuilding the country , the report says .
" The U.S. government did not fully anticipate or plan for the unstable working environment that faced U.S. managers when reconstruction began in Iraq , " it says .
Contractors spent an average of 12.5 percent of their reconstruction contracts on security , the inspector general found .
Bowen 's team also criticizes the government for poor coordination between agencies .
The lack of cooperation " contributed to delays , increased costs , terminated projects , and completed projects that did not meet program goals , " the report says .
But the report reflects some cause for optimism about Iraq 's future , even as it describes developments in economics , essential services , governance and security as a " mixed bag . "
Iraq produced 2.43 million barrels of oil a day in the past quarter , which the report calls " the highest quarterly average since the 2003 invasion . "
Do n't Miss GAO head : ' Updated strategy ' needed for Iraq
GAO head : ' Updated strategy ' needed for Iraq Leader hopes to lift Iraq by doling out oil cash
It cites " improved security , " including a $ 34 million program to protect a key pipeline .
" The $ 34 million Kirkuk - to - Baiji [ pipeline exclusion zone ] segment is a system of ditches , berms , fences , and concertina wire protecting oil pipelines , which are secured by Iraqi security forces .
The success of the program is evident in the fact that there have been no successful attacks on northern oil lines this year , " the report says .
As a result of higher oil prices and better security , Iraq stands to reap twice as much money from oil this year as it predicted .
Iraq 's government estimated in November that oil income in 2008 would amount to $ 35 billion .
" But with oil now hovering around $ 125 per barrel -- about five times what it was five years ago -- and Iraq 's oil production at record levels , [ the special inspector general ] estimates that oil revenues for 2008 could exceed $ 70 billion , " the report says .
The country has claimed more than $ 33 billion in oil revenue this year , the inspector general says .
That " means that potentially $ 7 billion in new funds could soon be budgeted to further support the country 's continuing reconstruction program , " the report suggests .
And " Iraq 's ministries of Defense and Interior continue to shoulder more of the financial burden for supporting the operations , training , and equipping of Iraq 's security forces , " it says .
Along with Iraq 's oil windfall from this year , " significant amounts of unspent money from the 2006 and 2007 Iraqi budgets remain available for further infrastructure investment " by the government of Iraq , Bowen 's report says .
" Growth continues in Iraq 's electricity sector , " it says , and on July 8 , " peak generation reached 5,615 MW , and substantial increases in generation capacity are expected as projects come online toward the end of this year , which could add up to 1,600 MW to the grid . "
But the quarterly report to Congress also warns of deep problems in planning , foresight and project development .
The report covers the ups and downs of policies and issues faced by Iraq , including security strides and political development , and it explains audits that illustrate failed or troubled projects .
It reports problems with several reconstruction projects , with the " most egregious failure " being the $ 40 million Khan Bani Sa'ad Correctional Facility in Diyala province .
The report says the project " was eventually abandoned by U.S. reconstruction managers along with over a million dollars worth of material and equipment left onsite . "
An inspection this quarter found that , " although security concerns affected the project , the quality of construction was so poor that some sections need to be demolished and reconstructed , " the report says .
An assessment of the " failed prison project " at Khan Bani Sa'ad said that " more than $ 40 million was spent on this ill - fated project , but its abandonment leaves no apparent prospect of being completed . "
Additionally , the United States failed to consult with the new Iraqi government , leading to more wasted spending .
" U.S. agencies made many decisions about investments without ascertaining Iraqi needs or obtaining the views and buy - in of Iraqi officials , " the Bowen report concludes .
One example in the report is that the U.S. authority in Iraq decided the Iraqis needed a financial management information system but never considered the host country 's requirements .
As a result , the program was stopped because the Iraqi government did not support it and , more troubling , because the project leader was kidnapped .
The 270 - page report is the latest comprehensive quarterly look by the special inspector general at the state of Iraq reconstruction across all sectors and geographic regions .
It comes as the U.S. surge brigades leave Iraq and the country attempts to improve and expand its security forces , foster political reconciliation , and improve essential services .
Part of the report reviews the inspector general 's previous 122 audits of reconstruction projects to recommend to the White House and Congress ways for improving progress .
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said Wednesday that the report presents " nothing new " but that officials will use the document to learn and build on .
All About Iraq
Bigfoot .
The Loch Ness Monster .
The Abominable Snowman .
Tales of unidentified mysterious animals have long intrigued and captured the imagination of people around the world -- and Japan is no exception .
Here is a brief introduction to 7 of the island nation 's most notorious cryptids , complete with grainy photographs where available .
Whether you regard these tales as fact or fiction , their impact on the culture where they were encountered is undeniable .
* * * * *
- Hibagon
The Hibagon ( a.k.a. Hinagon ) is a cryptic hominid , similar to Bigfoot , inhabiting the area around Mt. Hiba in northern Hiroshima prefecture .
According to numerous eyewitness accounts from the early 1970s , the Hibagon stands about 1.5 to 1.7 meters ( about 5 ft ) tall , weighs an estimated 80 to 90 kilograms ( about 180 lbs ) , is covered in a thick coat of black or brown fur ( sometimes it is reported as having a spot of white fur on its chest or arms ) , and has an unusually large triangular head and intelligent human - like eyes .
The Hibagon received its name from the local animal control board .
The first known Hibagon sighting occurred on July 20 , 1970 in the area around Mt. Hiba near the border with Tottori prefecture .
Three days after the initial sighting , the furry ape - like creature was seen again walking through a rice paddy in the nearby rural town of Saijo .
A total of 12 sightings were reported that year , and mysterious footprints were found in the snow that December .
Numerous Hibagon sightings were reported in areas surrounding Mt. Hiba in the summers between 1971 and 1973 , as increased human activity during the hunting season forced the creature down from the mountain .
On August 15 , 1974 , the Hibagon was photographed as it hid behind a persimmon tree .
Unusual footprints measuring 20 centimeters ( 9 in ) long were found nearby .
After this photo was taken , the Hibagon went back into hiding , only to be seen two more times -- once in 1980 and again in 1982 -- before disappearing forever .
The Hibagon may have disappeared long ago , but the residents of Saijo have not forgotten .
The town has adopted the likeness of the creature as its mascot , and souvenir shops sell Hibagon Eggs and other cryptid ape - themed sweets .
[ More ]
* * * * *
- Tsuchinoko
Tsuchinoko -- Reality ?
Myth ?
Or mistaken identity ?
The Tsuchinoko is a snake - like cryptid found throughout Japan , except in Hokkaido and the Okinawan islands .
Reports describe the Tsuchinoko as having a thick , stubby body measuring 30 to 80 centimeters ( 12 to 30 in ) in length , often with a distinct neck , gray , brown or black scaly skin , and venomous fangs .
Some accounts suggest the Tsuchinoko has a loud , high - pitched squeak and can jump as far as one meter .
The earliest known written record of the Tsuchinoko dates back to the 7th century , where it appears in the Kojiki ( Records of Ancient Matters ) , the oldest surviving book in Japan .
In some legends , the Tsuchinoko can speak , has a tendency to tell lies , and enjoys the taste of alcohol .
Skeptics dismiss Tsuchinoko sightings as simple cases of mistaken identity , suggesting the creatures are nothing more than snakes in the process of digesting large meals , or perhaps even escaped exotic pets such as the blue - tongued lizard .
Regardless , local tourist boards in rural areas frequently organize Tsuchinoko hunts to attract visitors , promising large sums of money to any participant lucky enough to capture one .
The town of Itoigawa in Niigata prefecture , for example , has a hunt scheduled for June 8 , 2008 and is offering a 100 million yen ( about $ 1 million ) reward to whoever brings one back alive .
[ More ]
* * * * *
- Kusshii
Kusshii is a giant lake monster believed to inhabit Hokkaido 's Lake Kussharo , a large freshwater lake located in an environment and climate similar to that of the famed Loch Ness .
According to eyewitness accounts , Kusshi is 10 to 20 meters ( 30 to 60 ft ) long and has humps on its back , a long neck and a pair of horns on its head .
Reports suggest it can swim as fast as a motorboat .
Kusshii's most famous appearances include a 1973 sighting by 40 - member team of biologists from Hokkaido University , as well as 15 separate reports by tourists in 1974 .
* * * * *
- Isshii
Isshii , another Japanese cryptid lake monster , is believed to inhabit Kagoshima prefecture 's 20,000 - year - old Lake Ikeda , the largest caldera lake in Kyushu .
The creature is similar in appearance to Kusshii , but larger .
Isshii entered the public consciousness in September 1978 , after more than 20 people reportedly witnessed a giant creature moving at a blistering speed through the water .
Widespread news coverage of the sighting brought a flood of tourists to the lake , and in December of the same year , a photograph was taken showing what some believe is the back of the creature poking through the water surface .
Since 1990 , a number of home videos have emerged showing mysterious activity just under the water surface , but none of the videos are widely seen as irrefutable proof of Isshii 's existence .
Some theories suggest Isshii could be an unidentified descendant of the Plesiosaur , while others believe it to be some sort of giant eel .
Other theories suggest the sightings can be explained as rogue waves generated by winds unique to the lake .
Rogue waves cannot , however , explain what happened in 1961 , when a large - scale search was conducted for a US military jet believed to have crashed in the lake .
Sonar equipment used in the search reportedly revealed a large rock - shaped object moving through the water below , and records indicate that divers on the lake floor were nearly attacked by a large , unidentified creature .
* * * * *
- Giant Snake of Mt. Tsurugi
Mt. Tsurugi , the second highest peak on the island of Shikoku , is steeped in mystery .
According to one local legend , the mountain is actually a giant man-made pyramid , and another legend says that a hoard of King Solomon 's secret treasure lies buried within .
A giant snake believed to be guarding that treasure has been sighted on many occasions .
In May 1973 , a group of 4 forestry workers reportedly encountered a 10 meter ( 33 ft ) long snake as big around as a telephone pole .
The creature was described as having shiny black scales , and it reportedly made a loud chirping sound .
In the months that followed , local officials organized a large - scale hunt for the snake , enlisting the help of hundreds of volunteers .
While the creature was not apprehended , the searchers did find what appeared to be giant snake tracks that measured 40 centimeters ( 16 in ) wide and passed alongside fallen trees .
A local history museum has in its collection a large jawbone measuring 34 centimeters ( 13 in ) across , which many believe belongs to the giant snake .
Others speculate it belongs to a shark .
* * * * *
- Takitaro
The Takitaro is a type of giant fish measuring up to 3 meters ( 10 ft ) long , which is found in Yamagata prefecture 's Lake Otoriike .
Located nearly 1,000 meters above sea level , the remote mountain lake was created ages ago when an earthquake triggered a massive landslide that dammed up a mountain stream .
The Takitaro appears in a number of stories throughout the 20th - century .
In 1917 , for example , a pair of men are said to have captured a 1.5 meter ( 5 ft ) long fish that was large enough to feed 20 floodgate construction workers for 4 days .
In 1982 , a group of mountain climbers above the lake observed a fish over 2 meters ( 6.5 ft ) long in the clear water below .
This sighting grabbed headlines nationwide .
Three years later , in 1985 , a team of scientists went to the lake in search of the Takitaro .
Sonar equipment revealed the presence of giant fish , and the scientists identified some smaller specimens as relatives of ancient salmon that likely became trapped in the lake when it was formed long ago .
The true identity of the giant Takitaro , however , remains a mystery , but some believe it is a mutant descendant of these ancient fish .
* * * * *
- Kappa
Kappa ( river imps ) have appeared in countless stories and folk legends for centuries , and they rank among Japan 's most well - known cryptids .
While most people nowadays regard the amphibious child - sized troublemakers as pure myth , stories of kappa encounters still crop up from time to time , such as the following two reports from Japan 's southern island of Kyushu .
Report 1 -- Slimy Footprints at the River 's Edge :
At around 11 PM on August 1 , 1984 in the town of Tsushima in Nagasaki prefecture , a squid fisherman named Ryu Shirozaki was walking home from the local pier after work .
As he passed near the Kuta river , he came upon a small group of children playing at the water 's edge .
While it was not entirely uncommon to encounter people fishing in the river at night , it was rather surprising to see youngsters there .
As Shirozaki approached the children , he was struck by how bizarre they appeared in the moonlight .
He could make out swarthy faces , unusually spindly arms and legs , and glistening skin .
Suspicious , Shirozaki called out to them as he neared , but they seemed startled and quickly disappeared into the water .
The next morning when he returned to the same spot , Shirozaki discovered a set of moist , teardrop - shaped footprints on the nearby pavement .
The prints , which appeared to consist of a slimy substance that had begun to coagulate under the hot morning sun , stretched for about 20 meters .
Each footprint measured 22 centimeters ( about 10 in ) long and 12 centimeters ( 5 in ) wide , and they were spaced about 50 to 60 centimeters ( about 2 ft ) apart .
Shirozaki and a few curious onlookers immediately suspected the footprints belonged to a kappa .
People began to gather around as the news spread quickly through town , and all agreed the prints belonged to a kappa .
In the minds of many residents , the footprints confirmed the existence of the river imps they knew through local legends .
When police forensic investigators arrived on the scene , they determined that the slimy footprints consisted of an unknown secretion .
They took a sample to the lab for analysis , but the results unfortunately turned out to be inconclusive because the sample was too small .
The police eventually dropped their investigation , and the mystery of the slimy footprints was never solved .
Report 2 -- The Unclean Guest :
Another recent kappa encounter occurred on June 30 , 1991 in the town of Saito in Miyazaki prefecture , when an office worker named Mitsugu Matsumoto and his wife Junko returned home for the evening .
Upon opening the front door , the Matsumotos were confronted with a strange smell inside their home .
Inside , they found dozens of small , wet footprints around the front door and in the hallway , bathroom , and two tatami rooms .
At first they suspected a burglar , but they soon realized nothing had been stolen .
The police briefly surveyed the house , but found nothing except a floor soiled by 30 footprints , each measuring about 7 centimeters long and 6 centimeters wide , and having 4 or 5 toes .
To Matsumoto , the footprints did not look human , nor did they appear to belong to any animal he could imagine .
Later that night , as Mrs. Matsumoto was putting laundry away , she discovered an unusual orange stain on some clothing .
The next morning , as Matsumoto inspected the house more closely , he discovered a deposit of orange liquid on the portable stereo in the tatami room .
He took a sample to the local public health center for analysis , and the results indicated the liquid had an extremely high iron content and a chemical composition resembling spring water .
Troubled by the incident , Matsumoto decided to visit a shaman .
After listening to Matsumoto 's story , the shaman encouraged him not to worry , explaining that the kappa indigenous to the nearby swamp enjoyed playing the occasional prank on local residents .
The kappa were harmless , the shaman told him .
Harmless , perhaps , but Matsumoto found the kappa difficult to clean up after .
He tried using detergent , paint thinner and gasoline to remove the footprints and orange stains , but nothing seemed to work .
[ Note : This post includes information from Shin-ichiro Namiki 's Nippon No Kaiki Hyaku , 2007 ( published in Japanese ) ]
The American Psychological Association report finding no increased risk of mental health problems post- abortion should put the fiction that women can't be trusted to make healthy decisions for themselves to rest .
Some time ago , probably while
cooking up the oxymoron " compassionate conservatism "
in the propaganda dungeons of the right , it occurred to anti-choice
forces that their image was suffering from the ( correct ) perception that
they want to curtail women ’s rights because they do n’t have very
warm feelings for women .
Clearly , they needed to put some lipstick
on that pig and convince the public that , all evidence to the contrary ,
they do give a damn about women .
It was a momentous task indeed .
After all , women themselves –with their paychecks , right to vote , and modern ideas
about controlling their own lives –were the problem .
The solution , as it
has been throughout history , was to construct a mythological Good Girl
to defend against all those Bad Girls , with their sex - having , paycheck - drawing
ways .
The Good Girl is sweet , submissive , religious , maternal ,
and self - sacrificing .
She does n’t like sex and does n’t want
to be in that scary world of work .
But she does love marriage
and babies , and is willing to tolerate sex to get the marriage and babies .
Bad Girls
like sex , and want to have it even if they ca n’t get pregnant .
Bad Girls think about other things besides marriage and babies , even
if they do want to get married and have a baby or two .
The clever contribution anti-choicers
made to this millennia - old Madonna / whore dichotomy was the theory that
all women are , deep down inside , baby - loving , sex- reluctant , marriage - crazed
Good Girls .
Bad Girls only exist because they ’ve been broken
by feminism and legal abortion .
Bad Girls are mentally ill , and
just need to be forced into motherhood by losing access to abortion
and contraception to turn them into Good Girls , who may not be happy ,
but are well — in the sense of functioning properly .
Because this is a silly theory ,
there ’s been a long - standing hope that science would come in and save
the day , by proving once and for all that women who have rights and
use them are broken , especially if they use their right to abortion .
Anti-choicers concocted a fake mental illness called " Post - Abortion
Stress Syndrome , " and hoped that the psychological establishment would
one day validate it , and their beliefs .
The idea was that Bad Girls
who do the most Bad thing you can do — get an abortion — would be
more likely to be mentally ill than other women , demonstrating that
having rights is damaging to women .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Well , anti-choice activists ,
who are well - stocked with science - wary fundamentalist Christians , will
be telling themselves that they should have known those liberal college
science types were never on their side , because the American Psychological
Association has once again determined that abortion poses no risk to
women ’s mental health .
The reality of the Madonna / whore dichotomy was not discussed in the
report , but it was implicitly debunked .
It turns out that women
are actually not stupid or crazy as a rule , but perfectly capable of
making their own decisions .
Like men .
Like citizens .
It was clear to me that if
the APA had found anything for anti-choicers to cling to , they would
have immediately moved on to creating a mental illness to describe women
who use contraception .
Artificial Infertility Disorder , maybe ?
Symptoms : Sleeping through the night , a bank account of an unseemly
size for a woman , a stunning lack of shotgun weddings , an unfeminine
enjoyment of her sex life , and a really unfeminine loss of stress in
her sexual relationships with men .
It ’s hard to celebrate this
news , though , because the idea that women are , as a class , less competent
than men and unable to make important decisions about child - bearing
without threatening their especially fragile mental health has taken
off in the mainstream discourse even as the APA finds it scientifically
unsound .
Women - as - fragile - incompetents instead of as citizens
has been enshrined in the Supreme Court
decision Gonzales v Carhart .
Even , distressingly , pro-choice
politicians are beginning to feel they have to pay lip service to the
idea that women are especially incompetent and that our rights have
to be considered in that light .
Linda Hirshman counted
out the ways .
The Hyde Amendment pulled
Medicaid financing for the poorest and most desperate women .
In 1992 ,
the Clinton campaign reframed abortion as an unpleasant last resort .
Last term , the Supreme Court finally broke , affirming the criminalization
of certain late - term abortions .
And Democratic candidate Barack Obama ,
in The Audacity of Hope , compared women ’s regrets over their past abortions
to white people ’s regrets about past bigotry .
This Clintonian compromise–that
abortion was a necessary moral evil–had become the most progressives
could hope for .
Every time a pro-choicer tries
to appeal to the " mushy middle " with these tactics , they reaffirm
the idea that there are Good Girls who have lots of children and not
lots of sex , and Bad Girls who are just Good Girls who ’ve lost their
way .
It might win votes–no one could accuse Barack Obama at
this point of having a poor political compass–but it ultimately comes at the cost of undercutting
abortion rights .
Because if abortion is always wrong , always the
bad choice , always a regretful action –that is , if there are so many
broken Bad Girls out there –then it becomes impossible to really defend
women ’s rights .
How ?
Well , Good Girls
are fundamentally defined as those women who realize that they are powerless
to run their own lives and have to submit to men and to their traditional ,
submissive roles in order to hold their fragile female selves together .
Bad Girls are hot messes , who did n’t submit and therefore are falling
apart .
What they have in common is that they , being women , can ’t
make their own decisions , and only do well when controlled by others .
In other words , every time
you wax poetic about women ’s regret , or frame abortion as the terrible
last resort of the terminally incompetent , then you ’re reaffirming
the belief that women can’t handle freedom , and therefore should n’t
have it .
And the first freedoms to go will be reproductive freedoms .
Jason W. recently ordered a bulky server , and I mean that literally — the thing was 82 lbs and required specialized screws to mount .
Having no luck finding the screws he needed , he called Dell and asked for some .
Dell apologized and overnighted the screws in several foam padded boxes .
You know , so the screws would n't get damaged in transit .
Belatedly , several years ago now , I finally took time to review video footage of the tragedies of September 11 , 2001 , and read the 9/11 Commission 's report -- a task that had been painful and which I had put off far too long .
After this re-exposure , I was shocked to find I had many more questions than answers .
My new found doubt was troublesome to say the least .
On the videos I saw - - with my own eyes , my own mind , my own experience , that building WTC7 ( the Solomon Bros. building ) was almost certainly a controlled demolition .
Shock , awe and disgust !
This is obvious now .
You and I would have to be brain dead not to see that this huge steel structure had obviously been demolished intentionally .
The preparation for this type of demolition would have taken weeks by crews of trained professionals .
Logically , and in physical reality , that destruction could not have been done any other way .
WTC7 was destroyed by a process that required knowledge in advance that the attack was imminent .
I was depressed for months realizing my own inertia and blindness after the fact .
I should have known better ; for in the early 1970's I worked for Minoru Yamasaki Associates -- the architectural firm that designed the WTC towers .
I had first - hand technical knowledge of the structures and systems that were destroyed on that fateful day .
I had also submitted a proposal for the WTC Memorial Competition and was familiar with the site 's condition and the awful piles of debris after the destruction , at least as far as documented by still photos on the internet .
In retrospect , it is now obvious not only to me but hundreds of thousands of others , professionals and laymen alike , that neither the Towers nor WTC7 could have been reduced to the rubble seen in the still photos without additional explosives .
Enough explosive -- not just a few ' wired ' floors but many , many devices , installed down to the subterranean levels - - able to bring down the buildings in seconds .
I should have comprehended the truth from day one .
I suppose I did subconsciously , after all what I had seen flew in the face of reason and years of personal experience and training in architecture and construction .
I trusted the offical explanations .
Ultimately I realized that the explanations handed to us , under the pretense of ' patriotism ' , were not only partial and inaccurate , but outright false -- technically and physically impossible .
Worse of all , I realized that the majority of our citizenry did not question the official line or the dubious presentations .
I was shattered .
My trust in our country 's leadership , and the values they espoused , values I had held close to my heart all my life , were destroyed .
The ' official line ' was a lie .
Our leaders and media willfully lied to us over the mass execution of thousands of our own citizens orchestrated by rogue members of own government and greedy commercial interests who would sell out America for political power and personal financial gain with acts of treason carried out right before our eyes .
I am convinced 9/11 was nothing less than manifold treason implemented by none other than our own appointed leaders .
The planes of 9/11 flew into the face of the buildings -- the WTC and the Pentagon -- but , also flew into the face of sanity of our country and severely weakened the underpinnings of American society .
We have not forgotten .
We will be repairing the damage and the scars for years to come long after the buildings have been replaced .
Those within our own country who are responsible for the heinous acts of 9/11 must be identified and brought to justice ... You know who you are , and so do we .
The slowdown began in February 2007 when the commission took over the certification process that was previously performed by a volunteer program operated by the National Association of State Election Directors .
Until then , the association had arranged for private testing labs to scrutinize the machines , using standards set in 1990 and 2002 by the Federal Election Commission .
That process was widely criticized as being inconsistent and rife with conflicts of interest .
“ The problem is that the pace of innovation is outstripping the pace of regulation , ” said Doug Chapin , director of the Web site set up by Pew Center on the States , electionline.org .
“ Federal certification is intended to help election officials manage voting technology , but right now it ’s getting in the way instead . ”
Since the commission took over the certification process , no new equipment or software has been certified .
Advocates for better election systems say one reason for the delay is that the machines are fraught with problems that should have been detected earlier , giving manufacturers more time to make improvements .
Had there been stronger standards before the commission took over , they say , the current level of scrutiny would not be necessary .
“ The E.A.C. , to its credit , has decided to dig their collective heels in and insist that the software and hardware be rigorously tested by professional testing labs , ” said Warren Stewart , a technology expert with Vote Trust USA , a voting rights watchdog group .
Either way , said Chris Nelson , the secretary of state in South Dakota , which requires federal certification of voting - machine changes , he is tired of waiting .
In 2006 the ballot - marking devices used by disabled voters incorrectly marked 50 to 100 ballots , Mr. Nelson said .
The machine maker says it has fixed the problem but the state cannot install the fix without certification , said Mr. Nelson , who added that he had also not decided how to proceed .
Friday , May 9 , 2008
Tips For Dealing With Information Overload
I sent a couple of people the following question : “ What are your top tips for dealing with information overflow ? ”
Here are some of their answers ( with formatting partly adjusted , omissions within quotes indicated with dots ) .
Please add your own tips and approaches in the comments .
Niniane Wang , Google : « I like the time - honored tradition of responding to emails or archiving them as soon as I read them .
( Like this one . )
I ’ve also found it helpful to maintain a to - do list that I reference every hour .
Everything goes on the list or in my calendar , so that I do n’t have to remember it . »
Paul Buchheit , FriendFeed ( formerly Google ) : « Drop packets .
Systems that work have some kind of flow - control .
. . .
It ’s basically one of the big flaws in email – people expect reply .
One of the nice things about FriendFeed is that you are free to ignore it when you get too busy or fall behind . »
Kevin Fox , FriendFeed ( formerly Google , Yahoo ) : « Honestly my method is n’t highly structured .
I have several streams of data of varying signal : noise and rates ( twitter , FriendFeed , Google Reader , email , voicemail , etc. ) .
My strategy is to make sure I see at least the title of everything , and then pluck the important stuff out of the stream , either replying to it immediately or marking it in some way so I can ’ get back to it ’ .
In reality “ get back to it ” usually means “ recognize that it was important when it comes around again a second time ” .
This is usually most relevant with stars in Gmail .
When something is both starred and unread it means that I indicated that it was important , and it ’s come back for more .
That ’s usually my highest priority .
Beyond that , it ’s mostly about realizing that communication is falut - tolerant , and recognizing the rare cases where it ’s not : where it ’s important and you ’ll only get one notice , and where if you do n’t act on it immediately you never will .
This is pretty rare . »
Jeremy Zawodny , Yahoo : « I try to prioritize . . . and watch Inbox Zero every couple of months to get re-inspired . »
Inbox Zero , a tech talk by Merlin Mann given at Google .
Andy Baio , Waxy.org : « In Google Reader , I separate feeds into “ mustread , ” “ maybe , ” and “ everything else ” piles with tags , so that I make sure I do n’t miss my essential reads .
For everything else , I just liberally ignore and / or delete .
More a defense mechanism than “ dealing with information overflow . " »
Noam Chomsky , MIT : « I wish I could answer sensibly .
I just can’t .
You should see the room in which I ’m working .
Piles of books , clippings , manuscripts , notes , ...
All sorts of lost treasures buried in them . »
Louis Gray , LouisGray.com : « The big tip is to be selective in what you consume .
I do n’t write about everything , so if , for example , I do get e-mail pitches that are n’t in my areas of interest , it can be clear right away .
Similarly , while it can be popular to sign up to every RSS feed under the sun , it makes sense to only select the very best ones that repeatedly have good content .
Also , reading fast , clicking fast , and having a quick yea / nay trigger can make things much more manageable .
I do read upwards of 500 - 800 articles a day on Google Reader .
Criteria that impacts just what I ’ll read more thoroughly or respond to includes the headlines , the source , and whether it ’s new data or more rehashing that ’s already been covered somewhere else .
Taking on the information overflow means doing so in approachable chunks .
I read e-mail , feeds , Twitter and FriendFeed first thing in the morning , just after feeding the dog . :-)
Hitting each spot every few hours throughout the day means that work does n’t pile up .
It ’s also just as important to get all the items to zero before going to bed , so there are no loose ends . »
Matt Cutts , Google : « At the beginning of the day , write down the 1 - 2 things you really want to accomplish that day .
That will help keep you on track .
I ’ve started exercising in the morning and I do email while I exercise .
That lets me clean out my inbox early in the morning .
In Gmail I write a reply to some emails , but then save them as drafts and let them sit for a few hours or more .
That prevents me from getting into a vicious loop of email back - and - forth .
Empty out your inbox by selecting all your email and ( say ) making those emails starred – then archive that email .
Once your inbox is empty , it ’s much more motivating to keep it empty .
Sort your RSS feeds by priority into folders , and hit the most important folder first .
Use a tool like FeedRinse to subtract recurring RSS items that you know you are n’t interested in for a given feed . »
Steven Hodson , WinExtra.com : « When it comes to RSS I tend to do two things .
When I start my morning read I will skim over the posts .
If they are only partial posts they usually get passed over as I do n’t want to waste time by having to go the site to read the item .
Same thing to those sites like CNN and Wired who only publish headlines they get ignored as well .
As well I am a lot more selective in what I will finally end up reading during that first run through in the morning – if I get the sense by looking at the first few lines that this is n’t something that I would normally write something about two things can happen .
I ’ll either totally skip it or I ’ll save it to one of my predefined Clippins folders in FeedDemon .
For the rest of the day I do something similar when the feeds get refreshed .
That being short posts are generally read in full and longer posts recieve the same treatment as above .
In both cases once I have gone through the feeds that have arrived I will go through the ones that were saved to the clippings folder .
Email is a little different in that I really do n’t get that much right now ( but I am seeing that change slowly ) but notification from FriendFeed and the such get left most of the time until I have a bunch to do all at once .
Personal emails are usually held until I have a quiet moment so that I can concentrate on them .
Pitches are fairly easy – I give them a quick glance and any that are of the stupid type or boilerplate crap get tossed .
Other ones that catch my interest are tagged to deal with at a later point in the day . »
« Triage ( pronounced / ˈtriːɑːʒ / ) is a process of prioritizing patients based on the severity of their condition so as to treat as many as possible when resources are insufficient for all to be treated immediately .
The term comes from the French verb trier , meaning “ to sort , sift or select . ” »
- Wikipedia
Elinor Mills , CNet : « Triage .
I scan email and see what needs immediate attention , set aside things that can wait and then go back to them in order of importance , hoping that none of them expires in the meantime . ;)
I scan the RSS and iGoogle headlines several times a day .
It is overwhelming the amount of information that gets thrust at you every day all day , especially in the daily news business .
I also make a lot of lists of ideas to pursue and stories I ’m working on to try to stay on top of it . »
Shelley Powers , Burningbird.net : « Frankly , the people who are having problems with information overflow are people who want the information overflow .
We ’re all big boys and girls here .
We do n’t need specialized technology or social gurus to tell us when we ’ve subscribed to too many feeds , or are on too many social networks .
We do n’t need calendaring software to tell us when we ’ve taken on more work than we can handle .
What we need to do is prioritize the demands on our attention , and when we find ourselves overwhelmed , lop off the bottom distractions .
In all honesty , people who talk about how “ noisy ” their lives are one moment , while extolling the virtues of Twitter for FriendFeed the next would be the first distractions to go , and easily .
Other distractions may be more difficult to drop , but if we want to be known for something other than “ she gave great Twitter ” , we have to make the decision , and live with the loss . »
Seth Finkelstein , Infothought blog : « Unfortunately , I do n’t think I ’m very good at dealing with information overload .
If I were better , I think I ’d get much more done .
This cartoon has already become a classic . . .
I think mail - sorting is important .
I like text - based command - line tools , since they are FAST – the waiting time to try to move rapidly through web - based GUI interfaces irritates me . »
Tony Ruscoe , Google Blogoscoped : « [ B ]y reducing the amount of information .
So , for FriendFeed , I originally subscribed to quite a lot of people .
Once they introduced the “ friend of friend " type of sharing , I could n’t handle the amount of information so I started pruning my subscriptions ( since Friend Feed does n’t have the option to just block “ friends of friends ” ) .
My lifesaver with regards to feeds is Google Reader .
I add a tag / label / folder for every single feed to which I subscribe .
That way , I can prioritise my reading effectively .
When I ’m using Google Reader for Mobile , I ’m a lot more ruthless as to which posts I mark as read without even reading them .
When I ’m in the standard browser version , I use the “ expanded view ” rather than the “ list view ” but very quickly skim read posts , continuously pressing j or k to move back and forth between them .
Quite often , if I ’m pushed for time , I ’ll simply star an item after skim - reading it and read it properly later when I have more time – particularly if I ’m using Google Reader for Mobile . »
Dave Winer , Scripting.com : « I do n’t know – I do n’t have information overload .
I keep wanting more .
More !
I want more ! :-) »
[ Thanks all !
Xkcd cartoon Creative Commons - licensed by Randall Munroe .
More on Triage at the Wikipedia source .
Image with workout machine compiled via HealthPhenoms.com and Loaz.com . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
A naked sunbather suffered minor injuries when he became impaled on a rusty metal spike during a drinking session with friends .
The 34 - year - old had been drinking with two friends and his girlfriend near Haslar Lake , in Gosport , Hampshire , yesterday afternoon when he decided to sunbathe naked .
As he went to go to the toilet , he slipped and was impaled through the groin on the 8in iron spike .
Firefighters , ambulances , police and an air ambulance were sent to the scene , where paramedics gave the man oxygen .
The fire crews had intended to cut through the spike but were able to lift the man off it .
He was taken to the Queen Alexandra hospital , in Portsmouth , for treatment .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States has few options for stopping Russia ’s military advance deep into Georgia and is partly to blame for encouraging Georgia ’s pro-Western government to overreach , analysts said .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin arrives in the southern city of Vladikavkaz , located next to the Georgian separatist region of South Ossetia , August 9 , 2008 .
Putin sharply criticized the United States on Monday , saying its support for Georgia in the conflict over the separatist region South Ossetia displayed a cynical Cold War mentality .
REUTERS /RIA Novosti/Pool
Despite warnings by President George W. Bush for Russia to “ reverse the course it appears to be on ” and withdraw its troops to avert a “ dramatic and brutal escalation ” of violence , ” U.S. military intervention in the small former Soviet republic is nearly unthinkable , analysts said on Monday .
There also is little Washington can do diplomatically to restrain the Russians , according to foreign policy experts .
“ Let me say at this point that there are no good solutions .
Either we have to try to remove them ( the Russians ) by force or accept a humiliating defeat , ” said Dimitri Simes , founding president of the Nixon Center in Washington .
“ It is not a happy situation , and we did not have to have this situation , and I think the ( Bush ) administration has considerable responsibility for that . ”
Georgian forces entered separatist South Ossetia last week , trying to retake the pro-Russian enclave that broke away in the 1990s .
Moscow , which supports South Ossetia ’s independence , responded by sending its troops into Georgia proper .
Georgia has appealed for international intervention and pulled its battered forces back to defend the capital , Tbilisi , as Russian troops pushed deeper into its territory , ignoring Western pleas to halt .
Simes said U.S. encouragement of Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili , one of Washington ’s staunchest allies , may have led him to believe he could get away with military action to take back control of South Ossetia .
The Bush administration has pushed hard for Georgia to join NATO , against European misgivings and Russian fury at the idea .
“ Saakashvili was discouraged from attacking Russian troops in South Ossetia but he clearly never was told point blank ‘ If you do it , you are on your own , ’ ” said Moscow - born Simes , who was an informal adviser to President Richard Nixon .
‘ MISCALCULATION ’
Charles Kupchan of the Council on Foreign Relations , agreed that U.S. encouragement may have made Saakashvili “ miscalculate ” and send Georgian troops into South Ossetia .
“ I think in many respects Saakashvili got too close to the United States and the United States got too close to Saakashvili , ” Kupchan said .
“ It made him overreach , it made him feel at the end of the day that the West would come to his assistance if he got into trouble . ”
Bush told Russia on Monday to reverse course or risk jeopardizing relations with the United States .
But Washington has limited leverage over Moscow after years of strained relations on a range of issues from Iraq to the United States ’ insistence on placing missile defenses in Europe , the analysts said .
The next U.S. president will inherit that chilly relationship .
Both presidential candidates -- Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama -- have called for diplomacy to resolve the conflict over Georgia ’s breakaway regions .
“ When you have very thin relations , it does n’t give you a lot of diplomatic tools , ” said Steven Pifer , a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine who is now a visiting fellow at the Brookings Institution .
“ There are not a lot of things in terms of U.S. - Russian cooperation that we can threaten to stop , that the Russians care about . ”
Foreign ministers from the world ’s leading industrialized states urged Russia to agree to a ceasefire , and the United States sent senior State Department official Matt Bryza to Tbilisi to join international mediation efforts .
A U.S. official said Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice had made more than 90 calls since Friday to find ways to end the conflict and spoke with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Sunday .
Janusz Bugajski of the Center for Strategic and International Studies said there was still room for a muscular U.S. diplomacy to contain the crisis and support Georgia ’s government and territorial sovereignty .
“ We need somebody much higher to go to Tbilisi , to demonstrate to Russia that we support this government , ” Bugajski said , given the danger of wider conflict in the volatile Caucasus region .
So close , but yet a great catch in New Jersey .
The Great White Shark which is the scariest of all the shark species due to the ‘ Jaws ’ movies has lost a battle .
TechJaws.com has a thirst for feeding the frenzy and here is the video .
Feeling like a swim in the Atlantic Ocean ?
We did n’t think so . :)
Metisse
Metisse [ 1 ] is an X - based window system designed with two goals in mind .
First , it should make it easy for HCI researchers to design and implement innovative window management techniques Second , it should conform to existing standards and be robust and efficient enough to be used on a daily basis , making it a suitable platform for the evaluation of the proposed techniques .
Metisse is not focused on a particular kind of interaction ( e.g. 3D ) and should not be seen as a new desktop proposal .
It is rather a tool for creating new types of desktop environments .
Metisse was used , for example , to implement the User Interface Façades system [ 2 ] , a system that allows to adapt , reconfigure , and re-combine existing graphical interfaces through direct manipulation techniques .
It has also been used to facilitate copy and move operations [ 3 , 4 ] .
It was used by Mekensleep to integrate GTK + interfaces into the OpenGL - based Pok3D game .
Distributed as a " Live CD " by Mandriva in early 2007 , Metisse is now available as one of the standard desktop configurations in the Mandriva Linux distribution .
These videos and screenshots will give you a better idea of what the system can do .
Latest news
2010 -10-01 : UIMarks : Quick Graphical Interaction with Specific Targets [ 5 ] will be presented at the ACM UIST 2010 conference .
An implementation of this system is available with the current Metisse cvs .
See this video and this page .
2009 -09 -01 : Nicolas Roussel left Paris - Sud University ( and the INSITU team ) for INRIA Lille .
Rémi Cardona also left INSITU .
As a consequence , Metisse development might slow down for a while ...
Contact Olivier or Nicolas if you want to help .
2009 -03 - 16 : Power tools for copying and moving : useful stuff for your desktop [ 4 ] will be presented at the ACM CHI 2009 conference .
More examples of what you can do with the Metisse system !
2008 -12-09 : Metisse 0.4.1 was released .
You can grab the latest sources in the download directory .
This release includes important security patches from Mandriva .
Old news are archived for historical purpose ...
Contact , availability
Metisse was created by Nicolas Roussel and Olivier Chapuis , two members of the INSITU team ( LRI - Univ. Paris - Sud & CNRS , INRIA ) .
It runs on Linux and Apple OS X and is freely available under the GNU General Public License ( GPL ) .
This document will tell you how to get the source code and compile it .
This one will tell you how to run the Metisse server and compositor .
This one will tell you how to use the compositor ( e.g. how to make a screenshot ) and configure it .
Questions , comments and suggestions should be sent to the mailing - list .
References
[ 1 ] O. Chapuis and N. Roussel .
Metisse is not a 3D desktop !
In Proceedings of UIST '05 , the 18th ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology , pages 13 - 22 , October 2005 .
ACM . [ ACM ] [ Google ]
[ 2 ] W. Stuerzlinger , O. Chapuis , D. Phillips and N. Roussel .
User Interface Façades : Towards Fully Adaptable User Interfaces .
In Proceedings of UIST '06 , the 19th ACM Symposium on User Interface Software and Technology , pages 309- 318 , October 2006 .
ACM . [ ACM ] [ Google ]
[ 3 ] O. Chapuis and N. Roussel .
Copy - and - Paste Between Overlapping Windows .
In Proceedings of ACM CHI 2007 Conference on Human Factors and Computing Systems , pages 201 –210 , April 2007 .
ACM . [ ACM ] [ Google ]
See this document for a complete list of Metisse - related papers .
Acknowledgements
This work has been partially supported by the French ACI Masses de données ( Micromégas project , 2003 - 2006 ) .
La Oltrelogo è una società di service audio e service video .
Forniamo strumentazione a noleggio e tecnici specializzati .
Offriamo , in particolare , il servizio di noleggio di telecamere a Milano e nel resto dItalia .
Siamo in grado di fornire a noleggio qualsiasi tipo di videocamere e di strumentazione per il service video a Milano e nel resto dItalia .
I nostri servizi si caratterizzano per flessibilità e qualità , rimanendo molto competitivi nel prezzo .
Grazie alla nostra rete di contatti sul territorio Milanese , siamo in grado di soddisfare qualsiasi richiesta , offrendo un servizio personalizzato ai nostri clienti .
Fake TF2 Spy Image Fools Valve
Now a new post on the official TF2 blog reveals that even some Valve employees were deceived by the image .
" His mocked - up image was convincing enough that even some of us at Valve were momentarily fooled , " said Valve 's Eric Smith .
" Well played , Kaanin . "
Maps Starbucks closures View maps
See which Starbucks are slated to close near you .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Starbucks Corp. released a list Thursday of the 616 company - owned stores it will shutter by the first half of 2009 .
The closures accompany planned layoffs of 12,000 workers .
Starbucks currently operates 7,087 stores in the U.S .
Store closures , will affect about 8.7 % of Starbucks ( SBUX , Fortune 500 ) stores , in 44 states , with California losing the most outposts .
The chain will close 88 stores in that state .
The Seattle - based coffee company has said the cutbacks reflect a difficult economic environment in which rising gas prices and unemployment , as well as falling home values , have consumers cutting back on nonessential purchases like premium coffee .
Inflation is also driving up Starbucks ' costs , as rising prices for dairy products and more expensive storefront space have weighed on earnings .
Starbucks has said the stores it is closing were unprofitable , and many were located near another Starbucks store .
Most of them were opened in the last two years .
The company has also scaled back plans for opening new stores in 2009 by more than half .
The chain plans to open fewer than 200 stores next year .
Previous
Hersh Reports – Bush Authorizes U.S. SpecOps Troops to ‘ Prepare the Battlespace ’ In Iran .
Naturally though , Impeachment ’s Off the Table
Pat Buchanan ’s new book , Churchill , Hitler , and the Unnecessary War : How Britain Lost Its Empire and the West Lost the World , is causing a stir , which is a good thing .
Buchanan argues that both World War I and World War II were unnecessary wars ; that Britain bears at least as much responsibility for both as Germany ; that Winston Churchill was “ the indispensable man ” in reducing Britain from a world - encircling empire to “ a cottage by the sea­to live out her declining years ; ” and that the consequence of the Western civil war that encompassed both World Wars ( I would add the Cold War as well ) has been the fall of the West .
Buchanan is correct on all counts .
His book represents a counterattack in the necessary war , the war to introduce Americans to genuine history .
At present , most Americans know only a comic - book version of history , one in which Germany deliberately started both World Wars as part of a drive to conquer the world , a drive stopped when valiant American armies defeated the German army .
And , oh yes , some Brit named Churchill beat the Luftwaffe in the Battle of Britain .
Thanks to the victories of the freedom - loving allies , we now live in the best of all possible worlds , where everyone can be a “ democracy . ”
Nothing of the comic - book version of history is true , not even the Battle of Britain bit .
Curiously , the key British records from the Battle of Britain remain classified “ secret ; ” it seems the RAF was on the ropes .
Buchanan goes after the rest of it with spirit and zest , demolishing it utterly .
As Colonel House told Woodrow Wilson after talking extensively with Kaiser Wilhelm in 1915 , the Kaiser neither wanted nor expected war .
I have seen the last , desperate telegram he sent the Tsar , trying to avoid a general European war .
He was mocked for years before the war by many Germans as the “ Peace Kaiser ” because in crisis after crisis he backed down .
Kasier Wilhelm knew , as did Theodore Roosevelt , that a World War would cost the West its world dominance .
Because World War I was unnecessary , so was World War II , which was really a resumption of World War I. Buchanan goes further and argues that had Britain and France not offered a wildly imprudent guarantee to Poland in the spring of 1939 , there would have been no war in the West .
Hitler wanted to fight Stalin , not the Western powers .
That too is true , but Buchanan makes one assumption I am not so sure of , namely that Germany would have defeated the USSR .
As it was , World War II was fought mostly in the east , and it was the Red Army , not the comparatively small British and American armies , that defeated the Wehrmact .
Could Stalin have done it alone ?
Maybe .
In both World Wars , the U.S. came out a winner because it left most of the fighting to others .
In World War I , Germany was defeated by the ( under international law , illegal ) starvation blockade .
The French army bore the brunt of the war in the west .
Buchanan ’s debunking of Churchill is thorough and valuable .
Churchill was brilliant , forceful , imprudent , and often wrong .
A howler for war both in 1914 and 1939 , he may not have sought to preside over the dissolution of the British Empire , but it was his own fault he did so .
Prudence , which means evaluating prospective actions in terms of their probable long - term effects , is conservatives ’ first political principle , and the debacles created by Churchill illustrate why .
At heart , he was far more Whig than Tory .
Burke would have loathed him .
Buchanan ’s historical revisionism is welcome on several counts .
The neocons have elevated an unhistorical Churchill into the patron of interventionism , selling him in Washington and elsewhere like saints ’ bones .
It is a snare for the simple , with George W. Bush numbered among them .
Debunking comic - book history and replacing it with the real thing is vital if America is to avoid the dual trap of cultural Marxism and Brave New World .
As ideologues and totalitarians everywhere have long known , if you can cut a people off from their past , you can do whatever you want with them .
We need a similar debunking of the comic book history of the Civil War now fed to Americans , in which it was all about slavery .
Buchanan ’s relevance comes from the sad fact that America is now duplicating Churchill ’s central error , imprudence .
We have entered into two wars with little thought for their long - term consequences .
Washington hands out guarantees , similar to Britain ’s to Poland , all over the world like penny candy , with no consideration of where they may lead .
We give less thought to the potential future consequences of our actions than the average Mayfly .
All that matters is receiving the applause of dunces and pleasing the SMEC .
Britain did the same thing twice , in 1914 and 1939 .
It is perhaps not too much to infer that Little England will be followed by Little America .
Fed up Brits should come to Canada , says Minister sent to lure workers to emigrate
Canada is putting skilled British workers on a fast track for immigration visas to exploit our soaring cost of living .
Its officials believe superior public services and the ability to weather economic turmoil will lure Britons fed up with fuel and food prices and with the state of schools and hospitals .
Alberta 's employment minister Hector Goudreau has been sent to this country to ' target ' those tempted by a new life overseas .
It is one of the most audacious recruitment raids since Australia poached a million Britons - known as the Ten Pound Poms after the ship fare they paid - in the 1950s and 60s .
Scenic : The Three Sisters mountain peaks in Alberta , Canada
The Canadians want GPs , teachers , nurses , electricians , carpenters , engineers , construction workers , management consultants , and cardiac and diabetic specialists .
Anyone of any age can apply , although workers who fit skills and experience criteria will be fast - tracked for visas .
Last night - on the even of Canada Day , Canada 's national celebration - there were fears that the scheme will deepen the crisis in the NHS and other services struggling with severe staff shortages .
Mr Goudreau , who has been in Britain for a week , said : ' Somebody from London might be able to sell their small flat and come to Alberta where they can buy a detached house with a huge back yard and huge front yard for the same amount .
' The cost of living is considerably less than in the UK .
Our salaries are comparable or even higher , so anyone who moves over would be able to make money and set some aside . '
Mr Goudreau added that the economy in Alberta - which is founded on oil reserves - was constantly growing , and has remained steady despite the global credit crunch .
He went on : ' We are looking at attracting 50,000 foreign workers within the next year alone .
' There is beautiful scenery , the health care system is second to none in the world and our educational system is second to none in the world .
We have some of the lowest business taxes , there is no province sales tax on goods . '
The province covers a large chunk of prairie and Rocky Mountains and its major cities are Edmonton and Calgary .
Its population is 3.4 million - less than half London 's - and it covers an area twice as big as Japan .
The average annual salary in Alberta for civil engineers last year was £ 44,428 .
And while income tax is higher in Canada , the living costs are much cheaper .
Alberta officials , who are also targeting workers from Germany , America , Mexico and the Philippines , have been encouraged to focus on Britain by figures showing a record 200,000 Britons left the country for new lives abroad in 2006 .
Mr Goudreau said : ' There has been a recent change in the UK economy which is part of the reason we are targeting it , it is a very important priority for us .
Racing attraction : The Grand Prix in Edmonton , Alberta , last year
' If there are a lack of future or opportunities here we will encourage the individuals who feel this way to come to Alberta .
' There are tremendous opportunities , all over the world the people are feeling the housing crunch , but we are n't .
We might have some very little dips , but we have a very stable economy which is set up for the future .
Last night , medical experts warned of the dangers if too many workers are attracted by the offer .
A British Medical Association spokesman said : ' Potentially Canada 's gain is the UK's loss because we will lose highly trained and skilled doctors .
Stunning cities : Vancouver in British Columbia
' Some are looking to go because of the lack of specialist training places in the UK .
Places are highly sought after and competition for them has increased in the last couple of years .
' Added to that a lot of junior doctors are very demoralised at the moment and so they are seeking employment elsewhere . '
Sir Andrew Green , chairman of Migrationwatch UK , said : ' Emigration has doubled in the last couple of years because of the economic slowdown here in the UK , and the quality of life in places like Canada .
Alternative life ? : Hector Goudreau , Minister for Employment and Immigration in Alberta , wants fed - up Britons to move to Canada
' Also people find the UK is getting more and more crowded and they see crime rates going up . '
In 2006 , a record 207,000 British citizens left this country .
A third went to Australia or New Zealand , more than a quarter to Spain or France , and one in 12 to the United States .
Nearly 1.6 million British citizens emigrated in the decade after Labour came to power in 1997 .
They have been replaced by foreign workers , with the overall population increasing by more than a million in ten years .
A recent survey by YouGov found 37 per cent of adults are thinking about moving abroad because of the growing financial pressure of life in this country .
More than 603,000 Britons live in Canada but Mr Goudreau was keen to concentrate on his home province .
' Alberta is a big province , so whereas there is hardly any snow in the south in the winter , there is plenty of opportunity in the north for skiing , snowboarding and skating , ' he said .
' Then in the summer there are water - based activities such as boating , fishing and whitewater rafting .
We also have baseball and soccer .
There is also a lot of culture , if you prefer the opera , musicals or ballet , we have a network of beautiful provincial parks .
' It is known as the melting pot of Canada as we have a lot of immigrants coming here . '
Among the different nationalities living in Alberta are Chinese , Germans , Spanish , Ukrainians and Filipinos .
Alberta 's booming economy is based on having the second largest concentration of oil in the world .
There are 173 billion barrels in oil sands which can be recovered with today 's technology .
There is also an estimated 315 billion barrels of potentially recoverable oil .
i-maritime ’s focus has been on consulting assignments covering the entire maritime industry and its related practice areas .
i-maritime not only provides in - depth knowledge but also provides assessment and analysis that address the demands of the client .
Our maritime services run deep in the following segments of maritime industry :
India ’s top maritime , port and shipbuilding consultant
i-maritime has established itself in almost all consulting practices for maritime service industry .
With matchless expertise , vast maritime knowledge and database , we provide quality consulting and research - based maritime services to a wide pool of Indian and international clients .
While focusing solely on creating value for our client through deep understanding of the maritime industry and unique thinking , we stand as ideal choice as maritime consultant , shipbuilding consultant and port consultant .
Apart from infrastructure , we also help clients with logistics and shipping consulting services .
With a highly energetic and talented team , we are never short of innovative ideas .
Read More about port , maritime and shipping consulting services ...
If the Internet could speak with one voice , it would probably groan “ oh , not again ! ”
That ’s because every raving success story about Internet startups is tempered by dozens more that crashed and burned in a sea of wasted money , bad ideas , or unfulfilled hype .
As venture capitalist Paul Graham writes , most of these failures are never written about .
No one knew about them , so they were never really expected to go anywhere .
But a select few had very public flame - outs – what Graham calls “ the elite of failures . ”
The list below celebrates not the failure of these companies , but presents us with a conservative reminder of a not - so - distant past and the lessons we can learn from it .
Save This Page
1. GovWorks
GovWorks may be the only startup failure compelling enough to have a movie made about it .
The film “ Startup.com ” tells the tale of GovWorks ’ tantalizing brush with mega-success as a website where everyday citizens could interact with their local governments .
It had all the elements of a tear - jerking fall from grace : company is started by childhood friends ( one of them a rainmaker , the other a technical wizard ) .
Friends build multi-million dollar net worths only to lose it all to clashing egos and expectations .
Throw in the obligatory theft of company technology and the departure of a crucial partner , and you ’ve got all the ingredients for a storybook startup failure .
GovWorks ultimately filed for bankruptcy in 2001 .
2. Flooz.com
Flooz is a textbook example of a startup was pretty much doomed from the start .
The idea was to create an alternative online - only currency ( Flooz ) that people would use instead of their credit cards .
Once you acquired a hoard of Flooz , you were then free to use it at any number of retailers who had agreed , in advance , to accept it .
There was only one problem .
No one bothered to ask why someone would use a totally new and unproven currency instead of credit cards or gift cards , which were backed by trusted merchants .
No one asking did n’t stop customers from answering , however , as lack of demand for Flooz plunged the company into bankruptcy in 2001 .
Apparently , dazzling TV commercials featuring Whoopi Goldberg could n’t stop an astounding $ 35 million in venture money from being squandered .
3. Beenz
Beenz was a direct competitor to Flooze who was also forced to close up shop .
Amazingly , Beenz raised $ 80 million over four rounds of venture funding , more than double what Flooz raised for the same , no - demand idea .
Unlike Flooz , however , Beenz had the good sense to pull the plug before going under .
Once Flooz announced that they were cutting their losses , Beenz followed suit by giving its customers a “ spend your Beenz in 10 days or lose ’em ” ultimatum .
It is believed that the twin failures of Flooz and Beenz spelled the end of the nascent e-currency market .
As C / Net writes , the “ collapse of a high - profile trailblazer such as Beenz shows that the Old Economy credit card companies have probably won the online shopping battle . ”
4. WebVan
The online grocery shopping website did n’t fail for lack of a good idea .
Rather , it was premature growth that dragged this company under the bus .
WebVan ’s deadly mistake was , as one Harvard professor wrote , “ managing the company from the fiftieth floor when you only have a one - story building . ”
By creating a mammoth , $ 1 billion infrastructure of high - tech warehouses across the U.S. , WebVan squandered the $ 375 million it raised at IPO on growth that its revenue simply could not justify .
The other major problem facing WebVan was the already thin profit margins of the grocery business .
All of this combined to deliver a decisive knock - out punch in the form of a 2001 bankruptcy filing that put over 2,000 people out of a job .
5. eToys
e Toys.com committed what has come to be known as a Cardinal Sin of 90 ’s - era dot coms : spending tons of money on advertising , regardless of whether there is a market for your product or service .
Nevertheless , the mere idea of an online toy retailer was enough to propel the company to a $ 166 million IPO in May of 1999 .
All went well early on , with eToys ’ stock trading at highs of $ 84 per share in October of that same year .
But by February 2001 the company ’s outrageous spending in spite of revenues had caught up to it , sending its stock to an appalling low of 9 cents per share .
Their assets were later acquired by KayBee Toys and is currently reincarnated , although not nearly as successfully as first hoped .
Sigurdur Gylfi Magnusson is chair of the Center for Microhistorical Reasarch at the Reykjavik Academy in Iceland .
One of the most interesting and innovative approach to history , mostly cultural and social history , is microhistory , which just recently has been introduced in a new website called microhistory.org in Iceland .
Microhistory came about , according to the German - US historian Georg G. Iggers in his excellent summary of the development of modern historical practice , Historiography in the Twentieth Century , not because the microhistorians considered that the traditional methodology of the social sciences “ is not possible or desirable but that social scientists have made generalizations that do not hold up when tested against the concrete reality of the small - scale life they claim to explain . ”
1
In the light of this perception , monographs and journals began to appear focusing specifically on microhistorical research , and these became a forum for criticism of the kind of social history produced under the influence of the social sciences .
Perhaps foremost of the contributors to the debate was the Italian historian Carlo Ginzburg , who delivered incisive criticisms of the prevailing methods in numerous articles in the Italian journal , Quaderni Storici , the German journal , Historische Anthropologie , in English in Critical Inquiry , and elsewhere .
2
Ginzburg and many of his colleagues attacked large - scale quantitative studies on the grounds that they distorted reality on the individual level .
The microhistorians placed their emphasis on small units and how people conducted their lives within them .
By reducing the scale of observation , microhistorians argued that they are more likely to reveal the complicated function of individual relationships within each and every social setting and they stressed its difference from larger norms .
Micohistorians tend to focus on outliers rather than looking for the average individual as found by the application of quantitative research methods .
Instead , they scrutinize those individuals who did not follow the paths of their average fellow countryman , thus making them their focal point .
In microhistory the term “ normal exception ” is used to penetrate the importance of this perspective , meaning that each and every one of us do not show our full hand of cards .
Seeing what is usually kept hidden from the outside world , we realize that our focus has only been on the “ normal exception ” ; those who in one segment of society are considered obscure , strange , and even dangerous .
They might be , in other circles , at the center of attention and fully accepted in their daily affairs .
Nearly all cases which microhistorians deal with have one thing in common ; they all caught the attention of the authorities , thus establishing their archival existence .
They illustrate the function of the formal institutions in power and how they handle people ’s affairs .
In other words , each has much wider application , going well beyond the specific case under examination by the microhistorian .
The Italian microhistorian Giovanni Levi put it this way in an article on the methods of microhistory : “ [ M ] icrohistorians have concentrated on the contradictions of normative systems and therefore on the fragmentation , contradictions and plurality of viewpoints which make all systems fluid and open . ”
3
To be able to illustrate this point , microhistorians have turned to the narrative as an analytical tool or a research method where they get the opportunity to present their findings , show the process by which the conclusions are reached , and demonstrate the holes in our understanding and the subjective nature of the discourse .
4
I belief that the methods of microhistory are extremely well suited for the study of American history , especially issues related to minorities , ethnicity , race , and gender .
The interesting thing is that it has not been applied to American history in a noticeable fashion ; microhistory is , indeed , a European phenomena .
I do want to encourage American historians to think about the methods of microhistory and contribute to its development as it is introduced on the new webside : www.microhistory.org run by the Center for Microhistoical Research at the Reykjavik Academy in Iceland .
Among the features introduced on the webside is a new journal , Journal of Microhistory , an informal online publication which hopefully will work as a forum for ideas and debates about its methods .
Also , an extended bibliography on microhistorical research is to be found on the webside which will help future microhistorians , especially those who want to apply it to new fields in American history .
1 Georg G. Iggers , Historiography in the Twentieth Century : from Scientific Objectivity to the Postmodern Challenge ( Hanover , NH , 1997 ) , p. 108 .
See also : Sigurdur Gylfi Magnusson , “ The Singularization of History : Social History and Microhistory within the Postmodern State of Knowledge . ” Journal of Social History , 36 ( Spring 2003 ) , pp. 701-735 .
2 Ginzburg ’s ideas are put forward in a large number of books and articles , notably “ Just One Witness , ” Probing the Limits of Representation : Nazism and the “ Final Solution ” ( Cambridge , Mass. , 1992 ) ; The Cheese and the Worms : the Cosmos of a Sixteenth - Century Miller , trans .
John and Anne Tedeschi ( Baltimore , 1980 ) ; “ Proofs and Possibilities : in the Margins of Natalie Zemon Davis ’s ‘ The Return of Martin Guerre ’ , ” Yearbook of Comparative and General Literature , 37 ( 1988 ) , pp. 114–127 ; “ Microhistory : Two or Three Things that I Know about it , “ Critical Inquiry , 20 ( Autumn 1993 ) , pp. 10 –35 ; “ Checking the Evidence : the Judge and the Historian , ” Critical Inquiry , 18 ( Autumn 1991 ) , pp. 79 –92 ; Carlo Ginzburg and Carlo Poni , “ The Name and the Game : Unequal Exchange and the Historical Marketplace , ” in Edward Muir and Guido Ruggiero , eds. , Microhistory and the Lost People of Europe , trans .
Eren Branch ( Baltimore , 1991 ) , pp. 1 –10 ; Carlo Ginzburg , “ The Philosopher and the Witches : an Experiment in Cultural History , ” Acta-Ethnographica - Academiae - Scientarum - Hungaricae , 37 ( 1991 –92 ) , pp. 283–292 ; Clues , Myths , and the Historical Method , trans .
John and Anne C. Tedeschi ( Baltimore , 1989 ) .
This last contains several important essays , of which perhaps the best known is “ Clues : Roots of a Evidential Paradigm , ” pp. 96–125 .
3 Giovanni Levi , “ On Microhistory , ” in Peter Burke , ed. , New Perspectives on Historical Writing ( University Park , Pa.. , 1991 ) , p. 107 .
4 For good discussions of the importance of storytelling in connection with the methods of microhistory see Guido Ruggiero , Binding Passions : Tales of Magic , Marriage , and Power at the End of the Renaissance ( New York , 1993 ) , pp. 18 - 20 .
Innovation 08
In an effort to identify traffic discrimination by American ISPs , Google is prepping a suite of network analysis tools for everyday broadband users .
" We 're trying to develop tools , software tools ... that allow people to detect what 's happening with their broadband connections , so they can let [ ISPs ] know that they 're not happy with what they 're getting - that they think certain services are being tampered with , " Google senior policy director Richard Whitt said this morning during a panel discussion at Santa Clara University , an hour south of San Francisco .
If the country does n't have neutral networks , Whitt contends , innovation stagnates among application developers .
And he believes that individual consumers - as well as Washington policy makers - should join the fight for such neutrality .
" The forces aligned against us are real .
They 've been there for decades .
Their pockets are deep .
Their connections are strong with those in Washington , " he said .
" Maybe we can turn this into an arms race on the application software side rather a political game . "
Whitt would n’t say when these tools would be available – or how they will operate .
But he did indicate that ultra-clever Google engineers began work on the project some time ago .
We ’re guessing they were inspired by Comcast - the big - name American ISP caught blocking BitTorrent and other peer - to - peer traffic last summer .
" If the broadband providers are n’t going to tell you exactly what ’s happening on their networks , " Whitt told The Reg , " we want to give users the power to find out for themselves . "
It ’s no secret that Google advocates strict net neutrality , or as Whitt likes to call it " broadband neutrality " .
The real issue , he points out , is the proverbial last mile .
" The network in this case is not the internet , but the broadband network , " he said , speaking alongside other opinionated network watchers at the latest Innovation '08 panel , a Media Access Project - sponsored discussion meant to explore US internet policy .
" What we 're talking about is the on-ramps to the internet controlled not only by the telephone companies and cable companies but now the wireless companies . "
But there was a time when Google at least considered the other side of this epically contentious argument .
In the fall of 2005 , when then SBC Telecommunications chief Ed Whitacre told BusinessWeek that certain companies should pay extra to use his pipes for services such as high quality uninterrupted video , the Google brain trust sat down for a brain storm on the matter .
And at least one uber - Googler suggested that a neutral network was n't worth fighting for .
" The question was raised by the top level management at Google :
What do we think about network neutrality – about this notion that broadband companies have the power to pick winners and losers on the internet ? "
Whitt explained .
" One position was that in the environment [ proposed by Whitacre ] , Google would do quite well .
" This side of the argument said :
We were pretty well known on the internet .
We were pretty popular .
We had some funds available .
We could essentially buy prioritization that would ensure we would be the search engine used by everybody .
We would come out fine – a non-neutral world would be a good world for us . "
But then that Google idealism kicked in .
Click to viewEvery six months when a new version of Ubuntu Linux gets released , long - time users and curious toe - dippers ask the same questions : " What 's new ? " ; " Is it worth upgrading ? " ; and , " Will my wireless card finally work with this version ? "
Having grabbed the newest beta release of Ubuntu and spent a few hours looking around , I can answer , " A few great things , " " Yes , once it 's officially released , " and , well , " Hopefully . "
Version 8.04 , or " Hardy Heron , " is more a compilation of stable - ish features and proven apps than a showcase for the latest and greatest in Linux technology .
But for those seeking a usable , steady system in which to get things done , that 's a real killer app in itself .
Follow through the jump to see what 's new , and what just works ( and does n't ) in Hardy Heron .
Advertisement
If there 's one area where the latest version of the GNOME - based Ubuntu distro has made great strides , it 's in installation .
Pop a live CD into your drive before you boot up , and you no longer see a confusing " Start or Install Ubuntu " option ; instead , newcomers will see more descriptive choices , like " Try Ubuntu without any change to your computer " and a straight - up " Install Ubuntu " that does n't bother loading the whole desktop , just the install prompts .
Advertisement
Even better is the inclusion of a boot prompt and launcher for the wubi installer , which appears when you pop the Ubuntu CD in while Windows is running .
Wubi lets you create an installation of Ubuntu inside a Windows system without having to mess with partitions , boot managers , or anything of the sort , by creating a virtual device you can choose to boot into just before Windows starts up .
It 's great for those who want to give Ubuntu a real test run— installing apps , tweaking settings , the whole nine yards — instead of waiting for a live CD to boot .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Those running 7.10 , or " Gusty Gibbon , " should have a ( relatively ) smooth upgrade process to the beta or the final version of 8.04 .
Those starting over with a clean partition will see the same installation prompts we 've had for a year or two now ( minus a cool - but - not - quite - helpful zooming time zone selector ) .
I 'm still waiting to see a bit more hand - holding in the partition - and - format process to open the system up to less savvy users .
Advertisement
Once you arrive at your new desktop , you 'll notice the basic orange / brown / yellow scheme is only slightly tweaked ; the default wallpaper is nifty and a few icons and colors have been swapped , but the major theme overhaul has been held off until 8.10 , arriving in October .
Click the screen below for a bigger view :
Advertisement
While Hardy only got a touch - up paint job , each of its three software engines — the Linux kernel , the GNOME desktop environment , and the Xorg graphics handler — got an actual upgrade .
The kernel changes include better power management for 64 - bit processors and ( supposedly ) better performance in multitasking .
Xorg , the not - fun - to - configure graphics manager , gets more monitor and video card compatibility , along with a GUI tool to change the resolution and rotation of an external monitor or projector on the fly .
The biggest desktop changes are n't actually new , at least to anyone who 's touched a Mac or Windows system before , but they 're very welcome — the ability to pause , undo , or cancel multiple file operations , and restore files from the trash to their original positions .
Heron also promises a " significant performance boost . "
I 'm hoping the hiccups and delays on file transfers I encountered in Hardy are just some of the bugs that get worked out between now and the mid-April launch .
Advertisement
Onto the cool new stuff .
The Hardy beta comes with Firefox 3 Beta 4 loaded , and it 's already customized with GNOME - ish buttons and better overall theme integration .
Plus , the in - browser forms , buttons , and text boxes already look polished and smooth , eliminating the need for a common Linux - only hack .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Transmission is a welcome upgrade from the previous default BitTorrent client , granting encryption , selected - file downloading , and throttling abilities , but I kind of wish it looked as nice as its Mac cousin .
It gets the job done , however .
Advertisement
Hardy introduces a graphical VNC client , Vinagre , to supplement the command - line xvncviewer , and it's a smart move .
Vinagre makes connecting to single or multiple machines easy , and lets you bookmark and search your network for VNC servers if you can't quite remember the IP address you need .
Advertisement
Another tool long missing from Ubuntu ( and Linux distros in general ) is an easy - to - configure firewall .
It does n't get much more simple than ufw , or the Uncomplicated Firewall , which runs from the command line but does n't require much to get started or set up .
Starting ufw and making it persistent takes just two commands , but you can later poke as many holes into it as you need .
Advertisement
Here 's a few more notable new and interesting changes in Hardy :
PulseAudio integration : A well - received universal sound driver that should eliminate a lot of confusion about OSS vs. Alsa vs. ESD , and on and on ...
A well - received universal sound driver that should eliminate a lot of confusion about OSS vs. Alsa vs. ESD , and on and on ...
Brasero by default : Replaces the minimalist , built - in audio and data CD / DVD burning program in the Nautilus file browser .
Replaces the minimalist , built - in audio and data CD / DVD burning program in the Nautilus file browser .
PDF support for Inkscape : Gives the scalable vector graphics editor better integration and convenience for printing and sharing with other apps .
Gives the scalable vector graphics editor better integration and convenience for printing and sharing with other apps .
International times & weather : Keep track of the time and conditions in custom locations around the world .
Keep track of the time and conditions in custom locations around the world .
Better memory protection : Security changes should prevent malicious code from attacking via unchecked kernel bugs and low - level memory .
Advertisement
That 's it , at least while testers and developers are working out bugs and other issues .
Got a feature or change you think Ubuntu still needs to really make it the Linux distro that " just works ? "
Happy as can be with the beta you tried out over the weekend ?
Share your experiences in the comments .
Kevin Purdy , associate editor at Lifehacker , is still waiting for an Ubuntu his dear old dad can use — but feels like it 's getting closer .
His weekly feature , Open Sourcery , usually appears on Fridays on Lifehacker ( except when a new Ubuntu beta release appears over a weekend ) .
Yo ho , yo ho , a pirate ’s life for me .
We pillage , we plunder , we rifle , and loot ,
Drink up , me ‘ earties , yo ho .
We kidnap and ravage and do n’t give a hoot ,
Drink up me ‘ earties , yo ho .
So here it is … the one week results from our previous poll on software piracy .
In that short time , we ’ve had nearly 500 photographers cast their votes and the outcome is quite interesting .
It looks like Adobe ’s high - end photo editing software packages ( like Photoshop and Lightroom ) are hot items in the pirated software market .
I ’m not here to make judgments or anything — I ’m just presenting the results from our little study .
I ’d also like to mention that my computer is 100 % free of pirated or “ borrowed ” software and that the poll results are no indication of my own habits .
Want more great projects , amazing photos , Photoshop tips , and articles on photography ?
Subscribe to Epic Edits today ( free ! ) so you do n’t miss a thing .
Each of the results below have two graphs .
The first is a measure of how many of us use a particular piece of software : users versus non-users .
The second graph takes the users and splits them into pirates and non-pirates .
Also , I ’m going to leave the polls running for a while to see how things progress over time .
PHOTOSHOP USERS
Wow …
I expected the number of Photoshop pirates to be high , but not quite that high !
58 % ?!?
So for every legal copy of Photoshop , there ’s a pirated counterpart … and then some !
An equally interesting observation from the poll is that 87 % of the people who read this blog are Photoshop users of some sort .
I ’m sure we represent a higher density population of Photoshoppers , but my guess is that well over 50 % of digital photographers have access to Photoshop .
LIGHTROOM USERS
Although Lightroom is n’t quite as popular as Photoshop with the general public ( with only 58 % of the voters ) , the users of Lightroom are just as willing to pirate the software .
I assumed that Lightroom would be less pirated because it ’s newer software and because the price is slightly lower than that of Photoshop .
I assumed wrong .
Then again , if you ’re going to pirate a copy of Photoshop , why not Lightroom too ?
OTHER SOFTWARE USERS
We have quite a few “ other software ” users in the mix too .
I did n’t break down the polls into every piece of software on the market , so I clumped everything other than Photoshop and Lightroom into this category .
Interestingly , the rate of piracy ( at 38 % ) is much lower than with the high - end Adobe products .
I ca n’t imagine that other software would be more difficult to steal , so this lower number is probably a factor of popularity , price , and availability .
FREE & OPEN SOURCE USERS
And out of the four groups in the poll , this was the only one with absolutely no piracy .
Go figure .
I ’m actually impressed at how many people use free and open source software for photo editing — 64 % !
And only 19 % of those are using the software that came with their cameras .
The rest is all open source and freeware / shareware .
Good for you guys !
Although , there ’s probably some percentage of free software users who have pirated copies of commercial software .
What do you guys think ?
Are the results surprising ?
Should Adobe care about this ?
I ’m sure they ’re aware of Photoshop and Lightroom being pirated , but I wonder what their position is on the topic .
Want more great projects , amazing photos , Photoshop tips , and articles on photography ?
Subscribe to Epic Edits today ( free ! ) so you do n’t miss a thing .
Recently , a library patron challenged ( urged a reconsideration of the ownership or placement of ) a book called " Uncle Bobby 's Wedding . "
Honestly , I had n't even heard of it until that complaint .
But I did read the book , and responded to the patron , who challenged the item through email and requested that I respond online ( not via snail - mail ) about her concerns .
I suspect the book will get a lot of challenges in 2008 - 2009 .
So I offer my response , purging the patron 's name , for other librarians .
Uncle Bobby 's wedding
June 27 , 2008
Dear Ms. Patron :
Thank you for working with my assistant to allow me to fit your concerns about “ Uncle Bobby 's Wedding , ” by Sarah S. Brannen , into our “ reconsideration ” process .
I have been assured that you have received and viewed our relevant policies : the Library Bill of Rights , the Freedom to Read , Free Access to Libraries for Minors , the Freedom to View , and our Reconsideration Policy .
The intent of providing all that is n't just to occupy your time .
It 's to demonstrate that our lay Board of Trustees –- which has reviewed and adopted these policies on behalf of our library -- has spent time thinking about the context in which the library operates , and thoughtfully considered the occasional discomfort ( with our culture or constituents ) that might result .
There 's a lot to consider .
Here 's what I understand to be your concern , based on your writings .
First , you believe that “ the book is specifically designed to normalize gay marriage and is targeted toward the 2 - 7 year old age group . ”
Your second key concern is that you “ find it inappropriate that this type of literature is available to this age group . ”
You cite your discussion with your daughter , and commented , “ This was not the type of conversation I thought I would be having with my seven year old in the nightly bedtime routine . ”
Finally , you state your strong belief , first , “ in America and the beliefs of our founding fathers , ” and second , that “ marriage is a covenant between a man and a woman as stated in the Webster 's dictionary and also in the Bible . ”
You directed me to the SarahBrannen.com site , which I also reviewed .
I got a copy of “ Uncle Bobby 's Wedding ” today , and read it .
I even hauled out my favorite Webster 's ( the college edition , copyright 1960 ) .
First , I think you 're right that the purpose of the book is to show a central event , the wedding of two male characters , as no big thing .
The emotional center of the story , of course , is Chloe 's fear that she 's losing a favorite uncle to another relationship .
That fear , I think , is real enough to be an issue for a lot of young children .
But yes , Sarah Brannen clearly was trying to portray gay marriage as normal , as not nearly so important as the changing relationship between a young person and her favorite uncle .
Your second issue is a little trickier .
You say that the book is inappropriate , and I infer that your reason is the topic itself : gay marriage .
I think a lot of adults imagine that what defines a children 's book is the subject .
But that 's not the case .
Children 's books deal with anything and everything .
There are children 's books about death ( even suicide ) , adult alcoholism , family violence , and more .
Even the most common fairy tales have their grim side : the father and stepmother of Hansel and Gretel , facing hunger and poverty , take the children into the woods , and abandon them to die !
Little Red Riding Hood ( in the original version , anyhow ) was eaten by the wolf along with granny .
There 's a fascinating book about this , by the bye , called “ The Uses of Enchantment : the Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales , ” by psychologist Bruno Bettelheim .
His thesis is that both the purpose and power of children 's literature is to help young people begin to make sense of the world .
There is a lot out there that is confusing , or faintly threatening , and even dangerous in the world .
Stories help children name their fears , understand them , work out strategies for dealing with life .
In Hansel and Gretel , children learn that cleverness and mutual support might help you to escape bad situations .
In Little Red Riding Hood , they learn not to talk to big bad strangers .
Of course , not all children 's books deal with “ difficult issues , ” maybe not even most of them .
But it 's not unusual .
So what defines a children 's book is the treatment , not the topic .
“ Uncle Bobby 's Wedding ” is 27 - 28 pages long ( if you count the dedication page ) .
Generally , there are about 30 words per page , and each page is illustrated .
The main character , and the key perspective , is that of a young girl .
The book is published by G. P. Putnam 's Sons , “ a division of Penguin Young Readers Group . ”
The Cataloging in Publication information ( on the back side of the title page ) shows that the catalogers of the Library of Congress identified it as an “ E ” book – easy or beginning reader .
Bottom line :
It 's hard for me to see it as anything but a children 's book .
You suggested that the book could be “ placed in an area designating the subject matter , ” or “ labeled for parental guidance ” by stating that “ some material may be inappropriate for young children . ”
I have two responses .
First , we tried the “ parenting collection ” approach a couple of times in my history here .
And here 's what we found : nobody uses them .
They constitute a barrier to discovery and use .
The books there – and some very fine ones -- just got lost .
In the second case , I believe that every book in the children 's area , particularly in the area where usually the parent is reading the book aloud , involves parental guidance .
The labeling issue is tricky , too : is the topic just homosexuality ?
Where babies come from ?
Authority figures that can't be trusted ?
Stepmothers who abandon their children to die ?
Ultimately , such labels make up a governmental determination of the moral value of the story .
It seems to me – as a father who has done a lot of reading to his kids over the years – that that kind of decision is up to the parents , not the library .
Because here 's the truth of the matter : not every parent has the same value system .
You feel that a book about gay marriage is inappropriate for young children .
But another book in our collection , “ Daddy 's Roommate , ” was requested by a mother whose husband left her , and their young son , for another man .
She was looking for a way to begin talking about this with son .
Another book , “ Alfie 's Home , ” was purchased at the request of another mother looking for a way to talk about the suspected homosexuality of her young son from a Christian perspective .
There are gay parents in Douglas County , right now , who also pay taxes , and also look for materials to support their views .
We do n't have very many books on this topic , but we do have a handful .
In short , most of the books we have are designed not to interfere with parents ' notions of how to raise their children , but to support them .
But not every parent is looking for the same thing .
Your third point , about the founders ' vision of America , is something that has been a matter of keen interest to me most of my adult life .
In fact , I even wrote a book about it , where I went back and read the founders ' early writings about the Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
What a fascinating time to be alive !
What astonishing minds !
Here 's what I learned : our whole system of government was based on the idea that the purpose of the state was to preserve individual liberties , not to dictate them .
The founders uniformly despised many practices in England that compromised matters of individual conscience by restricting freedom of speech .
Freedom of speech – the right to talk , write , publish , discuss – was so important to the founders that it was the first amendment to the Constitution – and without it , the Constitution never would have been ratified .
How then , can we claim that the founders would support the restriction of access to a book that really is just about an idea , to be accepted or rejected as you choose ?
What harm has this book done to anyone ?
Your seven year old told you , “ Boys are not supposed to marry . ”
In other words , you have taught her your values , and those values have taken hold .
That 's what parents are supposed to do , and clearly , exposure to this book , or several , does n't just overthrow that parental influence .
It does , of course , provide evidence that not everybody agrees with each other ; but that 's true , is n't it ?
The second part of your third point was your belief that marriage was between a man and a woman .
My Webster 's actually gives several definitions of marriage : “ 1. the state of being married ; relation between husband and wife ... ; 2 . the act of marrying , wedding ; 3 . the rite or form used in marrying ; 4 . any close or intimate union . ”
Definitions 2 - 4 , even as far back as 1960 , could be stretched to include a wedding between two men .
Word definitions change ; legal rights change .
In some parts of America , at least today , gay marriage is legal .
If it 's legal , then how could writing a book about it be inappropriate ?
Finally , then , I conclude that “ Uncle Bobby 's Wedding ” is a children 's book , appropriately categorized and shelved in our children 's picture book area .
I fully appreciate that you , and some of your friends , strongly disagree with its viewpoint .
But if the library is doing its job , there are lots of books in our collection that people wo n't agree with ; there are certainly many that I object to .
Library collections do n't imply endorsement ; they imply access to the many different ideas of our culture , which is precisely our purpose in public life .
As noted in our policies , you do have the right to appeal my decision to the Board of Trustees .
If you 'd like to do that , let me know , and I can schedule a meeting .
Meanwhile , I 'm more than happy to discuss this further with you .
I do appreciate many things : your obvious value of reading , your frank and loving relationship with your child , your willingness to raise issues of importance to you in the public square , and more .
Thank you , very much , for taking the time to raise your concerns with me .
Although I suspect you may not agree with my decision , I hope it 's clear that I 've given it a great deal of thought , and believe it is in accordance with both our guiding principles , and those , incidentally , of the founders of our nation .
Best wishes to you and your family ,
Labels
This is the story of Helmer .
A linux cluster in a IKEA Helmer cabinet .
2010-02-20
Helmer 2 year !!!!!!
and still going !!
Helmer was built to last just a month or two and complete a crazy episode in my life , but have performed faar beyond the original plan .
Uptime is crazy , it 's full of dust and dirt .
Have probably sucked throu many - many cubic meters of air ...
Helmer have a new pal , a i5 FreeNas server with 16 TB of storage .
I have plan for new renderfarm and I have also already gotten the new hardware , BUT I have not time to build it .
Helmer is doing such a good job I have noo need to change anything at the moment .
Last job just completed a few min ago for a TV - show " Vetenskapsmagasinet " for Swedish TV .
Talked about the first fish that got legs and walked up on land .
A dusty Helmer with Bull the new file server .
Notice the " on " buttons is the wires on side .
To start , just choirt the wires :)
Last job , just done a few min ago .
" fish with legs " ( model , rigg , animation , camera track and render by me )
My workplace .
The fish .
A poly - proxy mode by me .
------------------
2009-02-23
Helmer is one year old now .
Been working fantastic good , and rendered more the a half million frames .
Going to rebuild the network from a normal switched to a direct bus .
Now network is througha a normal consumer gigabit swithc that handle about 25 MB/s.
Now I 'll use a Gigabyte EX58 - UD5 motherboard for the new Intel i7 cpu as the backbone .
I insert 3x2 gigabit network cards so all motherboards in helmer get a separate gigabit cable direct to the board .
The new drives are 4x1TB enterprise WD in a raid - 0 just for speed .
Speed rocks .
Safety is for wimps :)
This all will in theory increase network bandwith from 25 MB / s to 750 MB /s !!!
Now I can do video / large data processing and not just small hard crunshing stuff .
Here is some pic for the last job I did " Time Capsule "
http://dalaro.sfe.se
I post some more here in a few days when I get going on the rebuild .
Cheers
Janne
--------2008--------
Yahhh , The TV - show that I 'm rendering with Helmer have started airing .
Mondays Swedish tv " Odens Rike " SVT1 10:40 .
Vert scary , because I have 3 more shows to do !!!
Hehe ,
You can buy the DVD , already here Kinda funny , because it 's not done yet :)
-------------
3D computer rendering are very CPU intensive and the best way so speed up slow render problems , are usually to distribute them on to more computers .
Render farms are usually very large , expensive and run using ALLOT of energy .
I wanted to build something that could be put in my home , not make too much noise and run using very little energy ... and be dirt cheep , big problem ? :) no computer stuff cost almost nothing these days , it just a matter of finding fun stuff to play with .
I wanted to use Intel Quad core 65 nm or better .
I surfed the web and found 6 of then at a good price .
Then I looked after the cheapest motherboard that could run these .
The result of my investigation was the Gigabyte S-series GA - G33M - DS2R / S2 card .
.. and my cat approve .
Next , finding memory .
The motherboard could hold up to 8GB of memory each , and I wanted to maximize all I could .
Here are the 12x4GB =48 GBmemory modules .
Mounting CPU coolers .
Next problem was to find a good computer case that could hold these motherboards .
But this was a big problem .
6 x cases cost almost as much as the motherboards and CPU's !
So here was some room for improvement .
I found the IKEA helmer cabinet .
Perfect !
Who knew IKEA made there stuff ATX compatible . :)
Some extra support for backside of box .
Mounting power supplies and fans in zig zag pattern to maximize airflow .
Motherboard H1 , H2 and H3 mounted .
Fans on wrong side .
I mounted 3 mm plexiglas under the motherboard so it would not short circuit when I installed them .
Big mess on floor .
Disk cloning in progress .
I used Fedora 8 , and the command " dd " to clone the discs from the bootable System rescue CD disc .
> dd if=/dev/sda of=/dev/sdb
Done !
I use the software Dr Queue as batch job dispatcher .
All connected to a 8 port 3 com gigabit switch .
Common storage using nfs to a FreeNAS server running on a Via C7 machine ( that just need 20 W power .. another story :)
Instead of power switch I used a simple cable to the " pwr " jumper on motherboard .
( Wires tejped on right side )
Instructions of how I did the DrQueue setup is here :
DrQueueHOW -TO.pdf
The most amazing is that this machine just cost as a better standard PC , but has 24 cores that run each at 2.4 Ghz , a total of 48 GB ram , and just need 400W of power !!
This means that it hardly gets warm , and make less noise then my desktop pc .
Render jobs that took all night , now gets done in 10 - 12 min .
.. next one will be in red ..
/ Janne
www.sfe.se
Update 1 :
It has been crazy last days .
I have got allot of questions regarding details , construction and software setup .
I 'll do a better page as soon ... or I build the Red Helmer II :)
Would be fun to use the AMD 16 core Bulldozer cpu x 6 = 96 core in a box :) ) )
If a hardware manufacturer / pr-guy happened to read this .
I 'm very happy to receive hardware play around with ;)
Update 2 :
It has happened !
I filled the ram , and all boards begun to swap .
During this the power consumption was up to 800W .
Running now a while , I noticed that H1 board ( bottom one ) gets hotter than the other boards .
I think this is because the other boards are cooled from the fan below also .
Update 3 :
Well , genral planning and webpage have begun on Red Helmer II - thank you Google :)
Update 4 :
First alternative hardware for Red Helmer is selected , and will do about 12Tflops .
( 64 x times faster then Helmer 1 ) and cost about the same :)
Stay tuned for more !
Update 5 :
A hardware god may help me , and then Helmer II will do about 50 TFLOPS !!!!
please please , may the force be with me :)
Some design test of Helmer II here
Helmer Data Sheet
More Helmer pics here
Get the Helmer desktop image !
Some render tests result here :
The storming sea scene file 24 frames in resolution 4000x4000 pixels .
- On a MacPro 2 x DualCore Xenon 2.66
Ghz with 4 GB ram
took 552 minutes ( 9.2 h )
- Helmer did same 24 frames in 4 k format in 64 min .
Some approximate numbers give Helmer a floating point capacity of 186 Gflops
Here is the scale of Helmer ( about 2,5 foot high : )
My other life - hacks are here :
Building a wind sensor from a PS2 - mouse
Building a small linux robot
Building a underwater camera house
Building a solar powered UAV
A better spelled version of ths page is here ( by Dan - Thanks : )
Some example of rendered frames here .
HTC has announced new smartphone called the HTC Touch Pro. The HTC Touch Pro comes with 2.8 ″ display , 288MB RAM , 3.2 Megapixel Camera , 7.2Mbps HSDPA , Wi-Fi , a fully QWERTY keypad and a slider design .
The HTC Touch Pro will be available later this year .
scroll down for check out more .
via
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Thieves who got away with 3,000 blank passports and visas worth around £ 2.5 million targeted the van as it stopped at a newsagent 's , police have said .
The two unarmed thieves assaulted a security officer before driving off in the van in Oldham on 28 July .
Greater Manchester Police have launched an investigation and are appealing for eyewitnesses to come forward .
The Foreign Office has admitted a serious breach of security over the loss of the documents .
The raid took place as the driver stopped off to buy a newspaper at a newsagent 's in Long Lane , Chadderton , Oldham , Greater Manchester .
Police confirmed the offender threatened the delivery man waiting in the van and forced him to lower his head before assaulting him .
I find it extraordinary that the theft of so many passports was even possible
Keith Vaz , Labour MP
Chair of Commons Home Affairs Committee " Whilst the driver was in the shop , both the doors to the van were opened and the passenger in the van had his head forced down into the dashboard and got told to keep his head down .
" The van was then driven a very short distance ... onto a bit of an unmade street , " Detective Chief Inspector Bill McGreavy said .
" The passenger has kept his head down and can then hear noises at the back of the van .
And after a couple of minutes , when he raises his head , he can see that there 's nobody there . "
A spokeswoman for 3M Security Printing & Systems confirmed that no personal details were in the blank documents .
The passport service said the stolen documents could not be used by thieves because of their hi-tech embedded chip security features .
But fraud experts say they can still be used as a form of identification and even for travel in countries where the chip technology is not used .
" That is because they can be used by putting in biographical information of your own , not necessarily getting the chip information right , and then you can use them to open up bank accounts or actually get employment , " Tom Craig , an ex-Scotland Yard fraud officer told BBC Radio 4's Today programme .
The newsagent where thieves targeted the security van " The thing is the money , the end user , the end criminal - the guy who is going to get caught - is paying out a lot of money .
And you 've got desperate people all over the world trying to get British passports , " Mr Craig added .
Keith Vaz , a Labour MP and chairman of the influential Commons Home Affairs Committee , wants an inquiry into UK passport security .
" I find it extraordinary that the theft of so many passports was even possible , " Mr Vaz said .
" This government has put the eradication of illegal immigration at the top of the political agenda .
It is therefore completely unacceptable that such sensitive documents are transported in a way that puts them at risk of theft . "
The theft is the latest in a series of security breaches but Labour 's deputy leader , Harriet Harman , has defended government policies .
" I think that this is a robbery - a serious crime - and it will be being investigated .
But I do n't think that it necessarily shows a sloppy attitude .
I think it 's a crime which is a serious one and will be looked into and we hope obviously - that the police will be able to apprehend the offenders . "
The Conservatives regard the theft as another example of lax government security .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Quality Education Wins Again in the California Creationist Case August 11 , 2008 08:56 MST
The initial phase of the California Creationist Lawsuit is over , and quality education is the decisive winner .
Kevin Vicklund has Judge Otero's [ decision ] ( http://missingthepoint.files.wordpress.com/2008/08/acsivuc-ruling.pdf), as well as [ a very nice analysis of the ruling ] ( http://missingthepoint.wordpress.com/2008/08/10/2nd-summary-judgment-in-acsi-v-stearns/) up over at his blog .
If you 've been following the case closely , you can probably jump right over there for the details .
If you have n't been tracking the events closely , or want a quick review of the case , keep reading .
I 'm going to go over the history first , then I 'll talk a bit about what Friday 's decision means , and what is likely to happen with the case in the future .
The [ lawsuit ] ( http://www.acsi.org/webfiles/webitems/attachments/007875_2.%20ACSI%20CA%20Complaint.pdf)
( _ACSI v. Stearns_ ) [ was filed ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/2005/aug/27/local/me-christian27) in federal court in August of 2005 by the Association of Christian Schools International , Calvary Chapel Christian School , and parents acting on behalf of their children , who were students at Calvary Chapel .
They were challenging the University of California 's decision to refuse to accept several of their courses as fulfilling UC 's admissions requirements .
The rejected courses covered the academic spectrum , with English , history , and science classes all failing to meet UC 's scrutiny .
The common element in the rejected courses was that they did not actually teach the material that UC requires from incoming students .
Instead , the rejected courses taught a radically wrong " Christian perspective " .
For most of us , the rejection of the courses was nothing more than the natural consequence of the Christian schools ' decision to reject reality and teach fantasy .
From their perspective , it represented an unconstitutional attack on their freedom of religion .
The court , obviously , did not agree .
To see why , we really need look no farther than [ the introduction to the biology textbook ] ( http://scienceblogs.com/authority/2007/08/more_on_the_california_creatio.php) used in one of the rejected courses :
[ Read more at The Questionable Authority , where comments may be left . ] ( http://scienceblogs.com/authority/2008/08/quality_education_wins_again_i.php)
Let ’s face it , most of us adults collect baseball cards today because we did so as kids .
There ’s just something special about it that makes us want to go back and relive our childhood again and again .
It ’s not like we go back and watch the same shows we did when we were young or listen to the same music .
It ’s a special part of our lives that we just ca n’t do without .
That being said , it ’s hard to find someone who collected baseball cards in the 80’s who did n’t have Garbage Pail Kids .
You may not remember but the two actually had a couple of things in common .
For one , they too came in wax wrappers like many of our favorite baseball brands .
Second , they were produced by the Topps Company , an icon in the trading card industry .
Before we delve into the countdown there are two things you need to know .
First , this list was put together by the expert of Garbage Pail Kids & the creator of Wayne ’s Garbage Pail Kids References , Wayne .
Second , all ten of these cards were drawn by John Pound .
You can check out Wayne ’s amazing site by clicking HERE and John ’s by clicking here .
— — —
10 . All - New Series 7 – 32a Abandoned Andy / 32 b Cast Away Jay –
The concept for this character is not anything special , but the artwork is fantastic .
The detail , texture , and color really grab me in .
The character ’s sun bleached hair and burnt skin were painted perfectly .
It is also kind of funny to see the cruise ship going by off in the background .
.
.
9. 15th Series – 593a Footloose Fred / 593 b Lucky Lew – I like the bright yellow background , and combining that with the GPK character as a rabbit , it almost gives the the painting a storybook look .
But , my favorite part about the painting is what happened to the character … his foot was cut off and made into a lucky rabbit ’s foot , so the character hobbles on crutches over to the novelty store and buys it back … you see him leaving the novelty store dangling the lucky rabbit ’s foot from a chain .
.
.
8. 9th Series – 346a Peeled Paul / 346 b Skin Les – I like the concept for this character … instead of removing his clothes , the character rips off his flesh ( exposing all of his muscle tissue ) as if it was a suit , and in his closet you can see he has other flesh suits just hanging there .
.
.
7. All - New Series 3 – 20 a Birdbrain Brian / 20 b Cuckoo Chris – I like how the term “ bird brain ” has been taken to the next level with this painting .
The character ’s head has been hollowed out , and now a bird has taken control of him .
The hypnotized / swirl eyes on the character are a great detail .
.
.
6. All - New Series 6 – 20 a Brady Back Ribs / 20 b Spare Rob – I sent the idea for this concept to Topps , but they ignored it … and GPK artist coincidentally came up with the same concept .
I really like all of the details , texture , and color that was put into this painting .
The self - cannibalism is quite gruesome .
.
.
5. 2nd Series – 53a Jolted Joel / 53 b Live Mike –
This is not only a classic GPK character , but it is also a very eye - catching painting .
The character has a great 1980s heavy metal rocker look .
The look of the GPK character always reminded me a lot of the Spider - Man villain Electro .
.
.
4. 2nd Series – 62a Greaser Greg / 62 b Chris Hiss –
The plain orangish background really makes the character pop out at you for this painting .
The character looks very cool and dangerous … a greaser with a slick pompadour hairdo , holding a switch blade and chain , wearing a leather jacket and smoking a cigarette … you can not get much more rebellious than this .
.
.
3. 1st Series – 4a Fryin’ Brian / 4 b Electric Bill –
This is another bright background painting where you really can focus on the character .
The concept is somewhat morbid… a prisoner getting electrocuted .
You can see that the switch for the electric chair is turned on , and the character is being shocked to death … his fingers point straight out , his teeth are clenched together , and his eyes are x-ed out .
.
.
2. 4th Series – 137a Max Axe / 137 b Deadly Dudley –
The character has a slightly crazed and dopey look at the same time .
The character ’s chest hair is kind of a funny detail .
This dangerous executioner has killed and dismembered his victim , and you can see the body parts in the basket and blood dripping off of his axe and down the stone steps .
.
.
1. 2nd Series – 57a Tommy Gun / 57 b Dead Fred –
This is a very dramatic ( and brutal ) scene that was beautifully painted .
The Al Capone - like character ( Scarface ) has a stitched scar on his face , and he is violently being gunned down .
The bullet holes run across the wall and through the character .
You can see by the bullet holes that a bullet went right through the character ’s hat and his head .
The character is killed , and he is falling back while shooting off a few rounds from his machine gun .
His eyes are rolling back , which makes the scene even more dramatic .
Even though the character was shot up , just a small blood spot is on the ground .
This is a great concept , and the painting really captures everything .
.
Says isolating Islamic community does nothing to make America safer
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : 202-675-2312 or media@dcaclu.org
Washington , DC – After Senators Joseph Lieberman ( I - CT ) and Susan Collins ( R - ME ) introduced a report on Islamic homegrown terrorism today , the American Civil Liberties Union strongly urged Congress to use caution when moving forward on related legislation , the Violent Radicalization and Homegrown Terrorism Prevention Act of 2007 ( S. 1959 ) .
The report , " Violent Islamist Extremism , the Internet , and the Homegrown Terrorism Threat , " is based on findings from hearings held by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs .
The ACLU and nearly twenty other groups sent a memo to the committee outlining concerns with the report , most notably the free speech implications of labeling the internet as a " weapon " and the unfair singling out of one religious group as possible " extremists . "
" Once we begin trying to regulate belief systems , we have veered perilously far from the Constitution , " said Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
" Though the need to prevent criminal acts of violence is unquestionable , targeting communities based on religious beliefs is unacceptable and unproductive .
We will only end up stigmatizing the Islamic community and creating a nation of Islamophobes .
We should not be legislating against thought and we should certainly not be regulating religious or unpopular thought .
A dynamic debate can only make this country stronger and safer . "
The ACLU raised similar concerns regarding legislation passed by the House last year .
The framework established by that measure could possibly lead to unconstitutional restrictions on speech and belief – in addition to more appropriate restrictions on actions .
Experience has demonstrated that in the event of a terrorist attack , the results of this report will likely be used to recommend the use of racial , ethnic and religious profiling .
This will only heighten , rather than decrease , the spread of extremist violence .
As an organization dedicated to the principles of freedom of speech , we cannot in good conscience support this report or any measure that might lead to censorship and persecution based solely on one 's personal beliefs .
The ACLU is concerned that identifying the Internet as a tool for terrorists will lead to censorship and regulated speech – especially since the Internet has become an essential communications and research tool for everyone .
Indeed , some policy makers have advocated shutting down objectionable websites in violation of the First Amendment .
It is an unworkable solution .
" Unfortunately , terror comes in all shapes and sizes , and from all colors and religious backgrounds , " said Timothy Sparapani , ACLU Senior Legislative Counsel .
" Focusing on people with specific religious beliefs or backgrounds will not protect against the Timothy McVeigh's of the world .
This narrow focus could cost us dearly in the future . "
To read the coalition memo about homegrown terrorism , go to :
/ safefree/general/35209leg20080507.html
Imagine if you had at your disposal a simple way of asking yourself questions and getting clear answers , true answers , that seem to come from a place beyond your conscious mind .
We have all heard of fortune tellers and seen movies where they said , ask the oracle … the oracle knows the answer .
Well , you are the oracle !
What if you could ask your intuition to tell you what ’s true for you about whether something is really in your highest and best interest , secure in the knowledge that you would get an immediate and reliable response ?
It would be like having an internal lie detector that would be able to tell you the truth about what was really best for you !
Well , a few years ago , I stumbled on just that … a simple technique that initially seemed a little strange but has since proved to be almost magical .
Submitted by srlinuxx on Saturday 5th of July 2008 11:54:56 AM
Filed under
I 've always liked computer games .
When I used Windows I liked to play games like Myst and Riven , but when I switched to Linux I had to be contented with first - person shooters .
Fortunately , they do have a bit of puzzle intermixed with all the combat , but I still grow weary of gunfight after gunfight .
That 's why when I heard of Penumbra , I was quite excited .
Penumbra Overture is a 3D first - person mystery puzzle game .
It 's a bit like the Quakes without the gunplay .
Or perhaps it could be likened to Myst and Riven , but lots more frightening .
Introduction to the Game
You will become lost in the immersive atmosphere as you are taken to another place and time .
Eerie graphics , terrifying sounds , and even formidable creatures make every turn a new adverture in horror .
The storyline propels you into a journey you can not stop , even if you try .
The suspense builds with each new challenge .
I was torn between being anxious to find the ultimate answer and not wanting the game to end .
The graphics are high quality while still allowing good performance .
They are realistic in design while yet giving the feel of surrealism .
The creatures are a bit dated in appearance and interaction if being compared with the likes of DOOM 3 , however they are good enough not distract from the overall atmosphere .
When encountered , they are quite deadly , making them an integral part of the experience .
The Plot
In Penumbra Overture , you take on the persona of Phillip .
Phillip is in mourning for the recent passing of his beloved mother when a letter from his long lost father arrives .
Each session starts with an ominous confession from Phillip in which he states it was n't grief over his mother or love of his father that drove him to his fate , it was human nature .
Phillip , a physics professor , explains at the beginning of the game that a letter from his father arrived within days of the funeral , with instructions to destroy the contents of a bank deposit box .
These contents are a old book , some personal notes , and a map of Northern Greenland .
Of course Phillip does n't burn the materials .
Instead he hops a plane bound for the frozen tundra .
Your interactive experience begins in a cabin of an old charter boat .
Starting here and throughout the game , you can open drawers , cabinets , doors , chests , hatches , and such - and do .
Look in everything that opens .
This is primarily where you 'll find your clues and supplies .
You 'll find beef jerky , pain killers , flashlight batteries , and other objects needed in an upcoming puzzle .
Supplies are plentiful , I did n't run out of anything except dynamite ( which you do n't really seem to need , but I kept trying to blow stuff up ) .
You 're equiped with a glowstick that never extinguishes , so you can save your batteries .
You 'll find things like notes , books , instructions , keys , blackpower , fuses to complete your tasks or advance to the next area .
You 'll encounter creatures trying to stop your trespass or feast on your presence .
The only thing you wo n't have is a weapon .
You can still fight these creatures with other objects found , but sometimes I just wished I had a six - shooter .
The Physics and Performance
Many interactive inanimate elements operated smoothly and as expected .
For example , opening drawers and doors worked well and realistically .
Clicking the game pieces entered inventory as designed .
It might be a good idea to refer to the included user 's Manual.pdf for how to use items in conjunction with another and such .
Although , I found picking up objects , especially those of a larger size a bit awkward .
They bobbed around too far from " my hand " and as if almost out of control .
It was difficult at times to place the object exactly as desired .
They appeared to almost be control by a ghost .
However , it was n't so bad as to ruin the overall experience of the game .
In fact , I became used to it and chalked it up to the gaming experience of Penumbra .
The creatures were a bit rough in their modeling , one in particular .
Their animation during interaction was very limited in movement variation and the blood splatter was repetitive and not very realistic .
The sounds assigned were convincing and terrifying .
Again , like with the large inanimate objects , I soon became accustomed to the style of Anton Adamse and it never did detract from the overall gaming experience .
But I would hope for slight improvement in upcoming episodes .
The movements of the main character with his environment were realistic for the most part .
Walking , running , and climbing were very much as experienced in most other first - person games .
The input controls were as found with other games , for example : W for walk , S for walk backwards , < shift > to run , and first mouse button main interactive control .
Penumbra utilized a unique approach in the manipulation of certain movements which developers feel make the game more realistic .
I found these movements very inexact and difficult to master .
I would have preferred a more traditional approach , but it did not ruin the overall effect for me .
One aspect I found that I liked very much was concerning the health .
I could be injured .
I could be killed ( and was often enough ) .
But injuries were healed auto-magically .
I did n't have to worry about running across health packs mysteriously abandoned around the world .
The atmosphere was dark by design to help create the environment and the lighting effects were successfully eerie and effective in building suspense .
Overall darkness is one of the aspects that the user can adjust a bit in options .
By increasing the gamma setting , one can lighten the environment to their liking .
Other options one might adjust include mouse sensitivity , and graphic effects level for optimum performance from your video card and system .
Available options are not as extensive as some other commercial games , but I found them adequate .
For the .cfg file tweakers , Penumbra 's is in XML , and a few more options are possible .
Auto saves are done at intuitive and timely spots in the game , but you can also quick save as desired using the F4 key .
In addition , there is a save mechanism built - in the very environment of Overture , and it seems to be located right where one might want to save .
I found the performance of Penumbra very good on my hardware .
I use an NVIDIA 6800 on a AMD 64 3700 + and I was able to run the game in full effects without performance degradation .
I did identify two areas of the maps where performance was substantially and quite noticeably inferior .
One was a short stint , but the other required several movements severely interrupting the game flow and experience .
I lowered all graphic effects to the lowest possible for this area in testing and it did not help .
Fortunately , it 's just the one room , so once you suffer through your necessary tasks and exit , it 's back to the normal enjoyment .
I experienced one freeze of the game during a loading .
It was in a spot where I was being killed almost immediately after loading the saved game .
I suppose I was on about my seventh respawn when the game did not load .
It did n't lock my entire system and I was able to SSH into my machine and kill Penumbra , but I also had to kill the current X session .
I noticed two or three times that the game suffered segamentation faults upon exit also .
It did n't seen to effect anything .
Afterward , the game restarted and loaded the saved game as desired .
One other problem I had with Penumbra was a squirrelly mouse .
At the very first start of the game I discovered my mouse would behave strangely and my character could only rotate about 45 degrees .
This is what kept me from playing Penumbra when it was first released .
At that time no one knew the cause , including myself .
But this time , it was a Frequently Asked Question .
Although I had its suggested fix already in place , it did give me an idea on a workaround .
It suggests making sure you have a NULL metamode for dual monitor setups .
I have this , other games , such as Quake 4 , have no problem with it .
However for Penumbra , I used nvidia - settings to turn off the secondary monitor before starting the game and all was well .
Conclusion
Simply stated , I just loved the game .
It was fun , fun , fun - which is the point of any game .
The few glitches I spoke of were minor annoyances , and if you game on Linux very much you know it 's true .
It was scary , involving , and suspenseful with an intriguing and addictive plot .
I enjoyed playing a game whose main activity was n't shooting everything in sight , although having to overcome adversaries was n't completely forsaken .
I found Penumbra Overture well worth the meager asking price of 19.99 USD .
You can download a demo of Penumbra Overture , but be warned - if you try the demo , you 'll go back and purchase the game .
In fact , now that I 've finished Overture , I 'm on my way back to purchase Penumbra Black Plague , the second episode just recently released .
They have an active support and discussion forum as well , including well marked spoilers , hints , and a walkthrough .
I just want to thank Frictional Games for including us Linux users in its gaming line and I sincerely hope they continue to provide exciting gaming experiences to us for years to come .
In perl , both ‘ or ’ and || mean the same thing .
But they act in different ways when used in certain circumstances .
For example , lets say we are trying to open a file for read and write operations .
It ’s always a good idea to handle the IO errors and we do this in the following way :
………………..
$ file = shift ;
open FILE , $ file or die “ Could n’t open the file $ file ” ; # note this
…………………
The second step can also be written in this way :
open FILE , $ file || die “ Could n’t open the file $ file ” ; # note this
But when the execution of this program happens , you will never see the message in ‘ die ’ , if you use a || instead of ‘ or ’ .
Reason for this is that the || operator has a precedence level higher than that of ‘ or ’ and since
the ‘ open FILE , $ file ’ returns a value after an attempt to execute , the || is always true and die is never reached .
The actual reason as Martin , one of the commentators puts it ,
The actual reason is that the operator precedence for the double pipe is higher than the comma , so perl is resolving the double pipe first , which chooses the first true result of its two parameters , in this case $ file and the die statement .
As long as $ file is a nonempty string it counts as true and always gets returned by the double pipe .
So it is always advisable to use ‘ or ’ instead of || .
If you want to use ‘ ||’ , you can do it by using the
pen file with parathesis which ensures the precedence of the operators .
open ( FILE , $ file ) || die “ Could n’t open the file $ file ” ;
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Current solar images
All times are in coordinated Universal Time ( UTC ) .
Fe XVIII 94 Å Fe XX 131 Å Fe IX /X 171 Å Fe XII 193 Å Fe XIV 211 Å 2020/09/30 04:38:59 2020/09/30 04:39:06 2020/09/30 04:39:09 2020/09/30 04:39:04 2020/09/30 04:39:09 He II 304 Å Fe XVI 335 Å cont . + C IV 1600 Å continuum 1700 Å continuum 4500 Å 2020/09/30 04:39:05 2020/09/30 04:39:00 2020/09/30 04:39:02 2020/09/30 04:39:16 2020/09/30 04:00:05
A Note on Color Tables
Color tables for the 94 , 131 , and 335 Å bandpasses are still under development .
Click here for
a movie of the last
two days of
magnetograms .
Click here for
a movie of the last
two days of
intensitygrams .
Magnetogram Intensitygram 2020/09/30 04:10:38 2020/09/30 04:10:38
Images from other sources
Hinode XRT TiPoly NSO SOLIS He I 10830 Å NSO Ca II 8542 Å magnetogram RISE / PSPT Ca II K HAO Mk. 4 coronagraph
2020/09/28 18:15 2015/07/16 17:12:46
2017/04/08 17:11:17 2010/12/02 18:59 2020/09/29 23:02
Return to the home page for the SDAC .
Last revised - J.B. Gurman
Imagine being able to put a handlebar mustache on Grandma in a home video as easily as you could with Photoshop and a digital image .
Microsoft showed off new technology called " Unwrap Mosaics " at the SIGGRAPH trade show in Los Angeles that could make this dream a reality without the need for fancy professional equipment .
Advertisement
By " unwrapping " or flattening a 3D image , the program simplifies the editing process , making it possible to add artifacts and other special effects with greater ease .
The project is only in the research phase at the moment , but the long term goal would undoubtedly be to slap a UI on there and deliver it to a mustache hungry public .
Hit the link for a videos and documentation on the Unwrap Mosaic technology .
[ Unwrap Mosaics ]
128 lb
vs. 210 lb
at
held on July 4 , 2008 .
Champ retains NYC hot - dog eating title in overtime
NEW YORK ( AP ) — Joey Chestnut achieved frankfurter immortality Friday , outdueling his celebrated Japanese rival in an epic hot - dog eating contest that pushed both of the gluttonous gladiators to the brink .
In a seesaw struggle for the ages , Chestnut and Takeru Kobayashi each consumed an eye - popping 59 hot dogs in 10 minutes , forcing an unprecedented showdown that tested the very depths of their distended stomachs .
Under the glare of ESPN and facing a boisterous and sweaty crowd of thousands on Coney Island , Chestnut , the reigning champ , and Kobayashi , the six - time title holder , were forced to gobble down another five hot dogs in overtime .
59 is the number of hot dogs consumed in 10 min by the two finalists in the world 's most famous competitive eating contest .
The contest went into " overtime , " which was decided by a 5 hot dog eat - off .
How do they do it ?
A Science Daily video from two years ago speculated that Competitive Eaters May Have Ability to Suppress Satiety Hormones
" These competitive eaters are an interesting group of people who seem to have abilities that many people in the normal population do n't have , " David Metz , a gastroenterologist at University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia , tells DBIS .
Many competitive eaters train for an event by chugging gallons of water to help stretch the stomach .
Others eat large quantities of low - calorie , high - fiber foods , like cabbage , that stay in the stomach longer before breaking down .
Doctors believe expert eaters may have the ability to keep eating after they 're full by suppressing the stomach signals to the brain that indicate it 's satisfied .
We speculate that professional speed eaters eventually may develop morbid obesity , profound gastroparesis , intractable nausea and vomiting , and even the need for a gastrectomy .
Despite its growing popularity , competitive speed eating is a potentially self - destructive form of behavior .
Wiry 128 lb. Takeru Kobayashi .
American Journal of Roentgenology
The purpose of our investigation was to assess the stomachs of a world - class speed - eating champion and of a control subject during a speed - eating test in our gastrointestinal fluoroscopy suite to determine how competitive speed eaters are able to eat so much so fast .
Sounds like a horribly wretched thing to do to your body .
But is it dangerous ?
In an article entitled Competitive Speed Eating : Truth and Consequences , Levine et al. ( 2007 ) concluded :
Of course , there do appear to be notable exceptions ... For great coverage of the Levine et al. article in the , read Radiology of Competitive Speed Eating at Not Totally Rad .
From the abstract : The Wall Street Journal Health Blog also describes the paper ( complete with gastrointestinal fluoroscopic images ) and interviews radiologist Marc Levine .
The study compared " an unnamed champion eater , ranked in the top 10 in the world , who was 29 years old , 5′10 ″ tall and weighed 165 pounds " to " just some guy who ' had a hearty appetite ' ( 35 years old , 6′2 ″ , 201 pounds ) . "
The regular guy went first , and stopped after seven dogs ...
Using fluoroscopy , an x-ray that gives a real - time view of what ’s going on inside the body , the doctors saw what you ’d expect :
His stomach was indeed full of hot dogs and had n’t stretched much from its original size .
Then they looked at the competitive eater .
First , they noticed that his empty stomach showed virtually no peristalsis , the normal squeezing motion that helps the stomach break down food .
He started eating hot dogs and his stomach got bigger and bigger .
Ten minutes in , he ’d eaten 36 dogs .
He said he did n’t feel full , but the researchers told him they ’d seen enough .
“ His stomach now appeared as a massively distended , foodfilled sac occupying most of the upper abdomen , with little or no gastric peristalsis , ” they wrote in their paper .
Levine said the stomach was like no healthy stomach he ’d seen in his 30 - year career .
He compared it to a “ giant balloon that looks like it has no limit . ”
The eater ’s previously flat belly swelled out as if he were pregnant .
Just how much fat , cholesterol , sodium nitrite , MSG , etc. is in 4 - 5 pounds of hot dogs , you ask ?
A serving of 36 Nathan 's Famous Beef Franks has 6120 calories , 540 g fat , 1260 mg cholesterol , and 16,920 mg sodium .
Organic fat - free veggie dogs , anyone ?
Nothing can ruin your day like finding that your car has been towed .
You waste hours tracking it down to some remote , dingy lot , pay hundreds – cash only – to get the thing back .
But imagine coming home from your brother ’s wedding in India only to find that your 2004 Honda Civic , safely parked in the lot at your apartment complex when you left , had been towed while you were away – and was for sale on Craigslist .
And before you could claim it , it was sold – along with the badminton rackets and cricket bats you ’d left inside .
That ’s what happened to Vaibhav Chopda , a 26 - year - old Cisco software engineer who lives in Mountain View with his wife , Madhura .
Their six - week trip to India turned into the vacation from hell when they got home , all because Chopda stuck the Honda ’s 2009 DMV sticker in the glove compartment instead of on the license plate where it belonged .
That made the car fair game for the tow truck .
Seeks punishment
Chopda is so furious with the towing company and his apartment manager , he ’s considering filing lawsuits .
“ More than compensation , ” he insists , “ I just want to see these guys get punished for what they ’ve done . ”
But , unfortunately , it may turn out that the only thing anyone is guilty of is failing to get all the facts before taking drastic action .
Chopda seems to be a tough - luck victim of extremely bad timing .
The Chopdas live at the Park Plaza apartments near Rengstorff Park , midway between his office in Milpitas and hers in Cupertino .
When they moved in last summer , they got a resident parking sticker , which they put in the windshield of the car .
When they left for India on April 17 , they did n’t know that the apartment manager had hired Auto Ambulance , a Santa Clara towing firm , to remove abandoned cars from the lot .
Because the Chopdas ’ car did n’t have a current DMV sticker , the towing folks considered it abandoned and slapped a notice on it that it would be towed .
On May 1 , when the car was still there , Auto Ambulance hauled it away .
A week later , the company sent Chopda a bill for $ 515 and warned that the car would be sold if he did n’t claim it .
Of course , he was out of the country so he never knew any of this .
When the Chopdas came home June 9 , they thought the car had been stolen .
Then the apartment manager suggested they call the towing company .
They did , and learned the car – Blue Book value of $ 10,000 – had been sold at auction that very day for $ 2,280 , the total amount of accumulated towing and storage fees .
It was too late to appeal .
That ’s when Chopda looked on Craigslist .
There was the car – with the Park Plaza sticker visible in the photo – for sale for $ 8,500 .
He says when he called the seller to see the car , the address he was given sounded familiar :
It was Auto Ambulance .
He suspects an employee bought the car at a bargain rate and planned to flip it .
When his wife went to see it , she was told the car had been sold .
Lloyd Augustine , a manager at Auto Ambulance , said the company has the right to auction unclaimed cars to recoup costs .
He does n’t know who bought the silver Honda .
Auction rules
“ Anyone can buy a car at auction , ” he said .
“ And they can turn around and do whatever they want with it . ”
Marcus Ball , the apartment manager , said he had n’t known whose cars were towed that day .
He felt horrible when he heard Chopda ’s story .
“ I did n’t sleep for three days , ” he said .
“ It ’s really an unfortunate situation . ”
So Chopda is out of luck .
The car was n’t stolen , so insurance wo n’t cover it .
After bumming rides from co-workers for two weeks , he finally borrowed money from friends and bought a 2007 Toyota Corolla for $ 8,800 .
This time , he ’ll make sure the DMV sticker is stuck in the right place .
Super Soaker Air Pressure Soaker Evolution Tree .:
Below is a visual tree of all air - pressure - based Super Soaker blasters released from 1989 to 2009 .
The image is clickable with links pointing to the various review pages here on iSoaker.com .
Lines connect proposed related water blasters ; relationships based on styling , size , and blaster technology used .
Some of the relations are semi-subjective
Related Pages
Full Super Soaker Product Evolution Tree
Air Pressure Product Listing | Products Sorted by Series ( text version )
Petrol prices are part of the wider US energy policy debate President George W Bush has lifted an executive ban on drilling for oil in most US coastal waters , and has urged lawmakers to follow suit .
He wants Congress to end its separate ban on drilling , in order to reduce US dependence on oil imports .
" Now the ball is squarely in Congress ' court , " he said , adding that it was " time for action " .
Mr Bush 's move comes as high oil prices have pushed US petrol prices to more than $ 4 ( £ 2 ) per gallon .
Mr Bush added : " The American people are watching the numbers climb higher and higher at the pump and they 're waiting to see what the Congress will do . "
His move will have no effect unless Congress acts as well .
On Friday oil prices - which have been rising steeply during 2008 - touched new highs , peaking above $ 147 a barrel .
Coastal concern US energy needs are set to be a key issue in November 's presidential election .
Republican John McCain is in favour of offshore oil drilling , whereas his Democratic rival , Barack Obama , opposes it .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Environmentalists have reacted with alarm to Mr Bush 's call , saying offshore drilling would take at least a decade to have any effect on oil supply and would exacerbate climate change .
And congressional Democratic leaders oppose ending the drilling ban .
They point out that oil companies already have 68 million acres under government leases they can drill .
" This proposal is something you 'd expect from an oil company CEO , not the president of the United States , " said Senator Barbara Boxer , a Democrat and chairwoman of the Senate Environment Committee .
" The president is taking special - interest government to a new level and threatening our thriving coastal economy . "
Since 1981 , a congressional moratorium has prohibited oil and gas drilling along the east and west coasts and in the eastern Gulf of Mexico , an area accounting for some 80 % of the US 's outer continental shelf .
The executive drilling ban was issued in 1990 by the current president 's father , President George H W Bush , and then extended by President Bill Clinton .
Since then offshore drilling and exploration have only been allowed in the western and central regions of the Gulf of Mexico plus parts of Alaska .
The federal bans were enacted in part to protect tourism and lessen the chance of oil spills washing on to beaches .
Presidential election Mr Bush wants Congress to pass legislation to allow " responsible offshore exploration " and give states a say about whether drilling should be allowed .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
But Mr Obama 's campaign condemned the move , saying : " It would merely prolong the failed energy policies we have seen from Washington for 30 years . "
It would be unlikely if Democrats in Congress backed a policy that contradicted their presidential candidate ahead of the November election .
Republican contender John McCain , who changed his previous opposition to offshore drilling , said he thought the decision was a " very important signal " and that " states should continue to decide " .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The windfarm will power 320,000 homes and create 200 jobs .
Plans to build Europe 's largest onshore wind farm in South Lanarkshire have been approved by Scottish ministers .
The 152 - turbine Clyde wind farm near Abington , will be capable of powering up to 320,000 homes .
The £ 600 m scheme from Scottish and Southern Energy ( SSE ) is expected to create 200 jobs during construction , with 30 staff employed on completion .
At present , the largest wind farm in Scotland is currently being built on Eaglesham Moor to the south of Glasgow .
Details of the Clyde wind farm were announced by First Minister Alex Salmond at the World Renewable Energy Congress in Glasgow .
" The Scottish Government has an ambitious target to generate 31 % of Scotland 's electricity demand from renewable sources by 2011 and 50 % by 2020 , " he said .
Scotland needs more of this sort of large , central belt wind farm to help us move quickly to clean , green energy
Dr Richard Dixon
WWF Scotland " Today 's announcement makes it virtually certain that the 2011 target will be met early and represents a significant milestone on the way to achieving the 2020 target .
" Scotland has a clear , competitive advantage in developing clean , green energy sources such as wind , wave and tidal power .
" We have put renewable energy at the heart of our vision of increasing sustainable , economic growth . "
The approval for the development between Biggar and Moffat follows a public inquiry which was concluded in 2006 .
Construction is due to begin within the next year , with final completion in 2011 .
The phased build will see turbines erected in clusters on either side of the M74 motorway .
' Valuable landscapes ' Ian Marchant , chief executive of SSE , said : " Projects like Clyde are essential if Scotland and the UK are to have any hope of meeting legally - binding EU targets for renewable energy .
" Giving the Clyde wind farm consent is evidence of a willingness to take decisions which are consistent with that ambition . "
Approval for the project was welcomed by WWF Scotland director , Dr Richard Dixon .
" The Clyde wind farm is a good proposal because it is close to major centres of population , who will use the power it generates , and away from Scotland 's most valuable landscapes , " he said .
" Scotland needs more of this sort of large , central belt wind farm to help us move quickly to clean , green energy . "
Once operational , Clyde wind farm will will have a total capacity of 548 megawatts ( MW ) .
The under - construction wind farm on Eaglesham Moor will have a total capacity of 322MW .
Currently the biggest operational wind farm in Europe is the Maranchon wind farm in Guadalajara , Spain , which has a generating capacity of 208MW .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Ryan shows us another great way to use all the zucchini that takes over everyone ’s summer garden .
Wash and cut the end off of one large zucchini .
Shred it using the large holes of a cheese grater .
Squeeze the shredded zucchini inside of a clean towel until you ’ve removed as much liquid as possible .
Place shredded zucchini into a medium sized bowl .
Add minced garlic , breadcrumbs , cheese ( shredded ) , eggs , kosher salt and pepper to taste .
Stir with a fork until well mixed .
Heat olive oil ( about ¼ inch deep in bottom of skillet ) to a medium heat .
When the oil is hot enough drop a glob of zucchini batter into the skillet and flatten it a bit .
After about two minutes , turn the cakes over ( they should be nice golden - brown ) and cook on the other side until done ( about 2 - 3 minutes ) .
Serve with the dipping sauce of your choice and enjoy !
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
Happy Monday , dear friends !
Today ’s rip- roarin ’ recipe is from Ryan Detzel , a twenty - something punk pastor from Cincinnati who has more than just a few tattoos on his arms .
But he also adores his wife and sweet little daughter , Ava…and he loves to cook .
Ryan ’s stopping by today to show us another great way to use all the zucchini that ’s taking over everyone ’s garden right about now , present company included .
Thanks for sharing , Ryan .
We embrace all fried things here at PW Cooks .
-PW
Hi , guys .
Since as far back as I can remember , Zucchini Cakes have been a summer favorite with my family .
They can easily be an appetizer as well as a side dish , and everyone agrees that these things rock .
As you can see , we ’re starting with some pretty simple ingredients : Zucchini ( in this case it ’s just one big mamajama ) , Minced Garlic , an Italian Cheese Blend , an Egg , and some bread crumbs .
The unseen ingredients are olive oil , kosher salt , and some fresh ground pepper .
To start , we ’re going to chop the ends off of our Zucchini :
Next , we want to get out a cheese grater — or in this case , a Zucchini grater — and begin shredding up this big green monster .
Did you know that even though it ’s always treated as a vegetable , Zucchini is actually a fruit ?
It is .
For realz .
Okay , we should have a pretty good mound of shredded zucchini at this point .
Now comes an important step .
We have to get a lot of the water out of this mess .
So toss your zucchini confetti into a clean towel … and SQUEEZE !!
You should see a good bit of liquid come out of this ball - o- zucchini .
This will help to create a less runny version of what we ’re making .
Next , toss the semi - dry zucchini into a large enough bowl to fit the rest of our ingredients .
Mmm…garlic .
I ’m throwing in a good sized tablespoon of the pre-minced stuff .
Do n’t judge me .
I ’m out of the fresh stuff .
Now cover that with about 1/2 – 3/4 cup of breadcrumbs .
And now for the cheese , I ’ve got this 4 - Cheese Italian blend .
You can use Parmesan or Romano , I ’m sure .
But Sam ’s Club had this stuff and by golly , I ’m using it .
Maybe around 1 /2 cup … but I suck at measuring things .
Let ’s toss in that egg , too .
Now season it all up with a big pinch of kosher salt and some freshly ground pepper .
Stir it all up with a fork and see where your cards fall .
And hmmm …to me , this still looks a little dry .
I think I ’ll add another egg to the mix to make it a little more batter - esque .
There …that ’s better .
This is the consistency we ’re looking for .
We do n’t want everything falling apart once it reaches the pan .
Speaking of that pan…let ’s get some olive oil in it and heat it to medium heat .
Use enough oil to cover the pan by about a quarter inch .
When the oil is nice and hot , drop in a glob of our zucchini batter and flatten it down a little with a fork or spoon or some other flattening device .
After about two minutes or so we ’ll turn one of these babies over to see what we ’ve got .
If it ’s golden - brown and delicious looking …it ’s time to turn the rest .
Oh my goodness , you should smell these !
After a couple minutes on the other side these delicious little zucchini cakes will be ready to pop onto a plate :
I ’m serving them up with some ranch dressing for a dipping sauce and a little crushed red pepper for style and flare .
Delicious !
Oh , and remember how I said these were a family favorite ?
Well … I lied .
This was actually the first time I ’d ever made these .
And they were heavenly .
I had some fresh zucchini from our garden and I decided to play around with it .
They turned out excellent , even though I ’d never made them before .
So get creative , people .
You never know — you might just end up with a winner !
The fragments are scanned and then matched up to form a complete image
Enlarge Image
The contents of files of the former East German secret police , the Stasi - which were destroyed after the fall of the Berlin Wall - are slowly emerging after being pieced back together through new software developed in Berlin .
The E - Puzzler system , developed at the capital 's Fraunhofer Institute for Production Systems and Design Technology , works by scanning the fragments of the documents into a computer image file .
Then , by treating each scrap as if part of a jigsaw , the information gathered by the notorious agency is being restored .
" It is the biggest puzzle in the world , " Bertram Nicolai , head of the Security and Testing department at the Fraunhofer Institute , told BBC World Service 's Digital Planet programme .
" The goal of the pilot project is the automatic , virtual reconstruction of 400 bags .
It is very important for German history . "
Reconstruction process Almost as soon as the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 - signalling the end of Communism - Stasi agents set about trying to destroy their files , first with shredders , and then with their hands .
FROM DIGITAL PLANET
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Digital Planet Within weeks , they had filled 16,000 sacks with 600 million fragments .
Two years later , following reunification , German officials started trying to recreate the files by hand - but it became clear it was going to take too long .
Then researchers came up with the E - Puzzler , and managed to get a government grant .
The system analyses shape , colour , texture and thickness of the paper , so that it is eventually possible to rebuild an electronic image of the original document .
" It will be a long job - but that 's the interesting part , " said the Fraunhofer 's Jan Schneider .
" First we have to digitise all the pieces from the bags .
This is done by a special high - speed scanning device .
" The next step is to segment the image itself from the raw scan - we need the outline of the pieces , pixel - wise , to perform the reconstruction process after that .
The researches stress they do not read the files , only reconstruct them " Then all digitised pieces of paper are stored in the database .
After that we reconstruct a lot of the descriptive features of the pieces . "
However , at the former Stasi prison Hohenschonhausen , the main place political prisoners were held and subjected to torture , there are criticisms that the process has already taken too long .
" I think it comes a little bit late , " said Hubertus Knabe , director of the memorial at the site , which is also a museum .
" Nearly 20 years after the fall of the Wall we start to reconstruct these Stasi files , which are really important : the most important files were the ones they destroyed .
" I am happy that now it is going forward , but it is late . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
To come to fruition , software projects take investment , support , nurturing and a lot of hard work and dedication .
Good release management practices ensure that when your software is built , it will be successfully deployed to the people who want to use it .
You have the opportunity to satisfy existing customers and hopefully to win new ones .
A major U.K. telecommunications provider had a problem .
It needed to implement a business critical supplier switch , which required it to reengineer its billing and account management systems .
These systems had to be in place within three months , otherwise the organization risked losing hundreds of millions of pounds and a decline in their stock value .
But the telecom 's development processes were poor , and its release management was extremely problematic and inconsistent .
The company brought us in to help deliver the software within the time constraints and to turnaround a failing release management process .
Within three months , we 'd released both the pending releases and two scheduled releases of the reengineered applications .
Most important , we established a straightforward and lightweight release management process to ensure that future releases would happen on time and to the required quality .
Follow along as we show you how we did it — including the mistakes we made .
1. Understand the current state of release management .
You can't begin to fix something without understanding what it is , and how and where it is broken .
Our first step in improving our client 's release management system was to form a detailed picture of the current release process .
We began with a number of walk - through sessions with key individuals involved in the software process .
From these sessions we determined that our starting point was pretty bad .
When we joined the project , there was software still waiting to be released two months after being completed .
Test environments were limited and not managed , so they were regularly out of date and could not be used .
Worse still , it took a relatively long time to turn around new environments and to refresh existing ones .
When we arrived on the scene , regression testing was taking up to three months to manually execute .
It was usually dropped , significantly reducing the quality of any software that made it to release .
Overall , morale and commitment were very low .
These people had never been helped to deliver great software regularly , and it had worn them down .
2. Establish a regular release cycle .
Once we got a picture of the current state of the process , we set about establishing a regular release cycle .
If the engineering team is the heart of the project , the release cycle is its heartbeat .
In determining how often to release into production , we had to understand how much nonfunctional testing was needed and how long it would take .
This project required regression , performance and integration testing .
Establishing a release cycle is vital because :
It creates an opportunity to meaningfully discuss nonfunctional testing that the software may need .
It announces a timetable for when stakeholders can expect to get some functionality .
If they know that functionality will be regularly released , they can get on with agreeing what that functionality will be .
It creates a routine with which all teams can align ( including marketing and engineering ) .
It gives customers confidence that they can order something and it will be delivered .
Your release cycle must be as accurate as you can make it , not some pie - in - the - sky number that you made up during lunch .
Before you announce it , test it out .
There is nothing worse for a failing release process than more unrealistic dates !
We started out by suggesting a weekly cycle .
That plan proved unfeasible ; the client 's database environment could not be refreshed quickly enough .
Then we tried two - week cycles .
There were no immediate objections from the participants , but it failed the first two times !
In the end , two weeks was an achievable cycle , once we overcame some environment turnaround bottlenecks and automated some of the tests .
Finally we established a cycle whereby , every two weeks , production - ready code from the engineering team was put into system test .
Then two weeks later , we released that code into production .
Remember :
Your release cycle is not about when your customer wants the release .
It 's about when you can deliver it to the desired level of quality .
Our customers supported our release cycle because we engaged them in determining the cycle .
Theirs is only one consideration in determining the release regularity .
3 . Get lightweight processes in place .
Test them early and review them regularly .
If there is one single guiding principle in engineering ( or reengineering ) a process , it is to do a little bit , review your results and then do some more .
Repeat this cyclic approach until you get the results you want .
Lightweight processes are those that do not require lengthy bureaucratic approvals or endless meetings to get agreement .
They usually require only the minimum acceptable level of inputs and outputs .
What they lack in bulk and bureaucracy , they make up for in response to change and popular adoption !
Underpinning this approach is the thorny issue of documentation .
You need to record what you did and how you did it .
Otherwise , what do you review and how do you improve ?
We do n't mean the kind of documentation that endangers rain forests and puts its readers to sleep .
We mean documentation that people ( technical and otherwise ) can read and act on .
The engineering team chose Confluence — a commercial tool — to collaboratively document their work .
They used the software to create minimal but effective documentation of what they were agreeing to build in every cycle of work .
They recorded what they built , how they built it and what was required to make it work .
We saw the value in this approach and rolled it out ( both the approach and the tool ) to everyone else involved in the process .
Initially , we suggested a sequence of tasks to release the software we got from the engineering teams .
It covered how we took delivery from the source control management system ; what packages would be called and how each element ( executable code , database scripts , etc. ) would be run and on which platforms .
Then we did a dry run , using dummy code for each element .
We tested our sequence , documenting what we did as we did it .
This formed the basis of the installation instructions .
The next step was to get the people who would be deploying the real release to walk through another dry run , using only our documentation .
They extended , amended and improved our instructions as they went through .
The process became a more inclusive one where everyone contributed to the documentation ; since they 'd been part of its definition , the process became more widely adopted with better quality .
After each release , we reviewed the process .
We examined the documentation and identified changes made during the release .
Every time , we looked at how the documentation could be improved and fed the enhancements back into the process .
4. Establish a release infrastructure early .
Your release infrastructure is anything that needs to be in place to deploy the software and to enable users to use it .
Your obligation to the customer is not just that you build great software ; it is that it 's available for them to access and use .
Crucial to getting a good release process is figuring out what you need to have in place to make it available to the customer — before the engineering team is done building the software .
The release infrastructure covers the hardware , storage , network connections , bandwidth , software licenses , user profiles and access permissions .
Human services and skills are part of the release infrastructure , too .
For example , if you require specialist software installed and configured , it 's not smart to exclude the availability or cost of getting such skills into your infrastructure plan .
It is critical that you discover , as early as you can , hidden bottlenecks in procuring the required hardware or the missing skills ( say , to configure secure networks ) .
You need to resolve them before they hold up your delivery .
This is n't trivial .
We strove to get our release infrastructure in place as soon as we started on the project .
Even after six weeks ' lead time , we were still waiting on specialist memory and hard drives for the test servers !
5. Automate and standardize as much as you can .
Automation enables you to do repetitive tasks without tying up valuable human resources .
Standardizing ensures that your automation 's inputs and outputs are consistent every time .
Prior to our involvement with the project , the engineering teams manually crafted a deployable package .
A new package was not guaranteed to be the same as the last one ; in fact , it was not even guaranteed to be the software they had been building , much less guaranteed to work !
It often took the tech staff days to create a package with the features they were delivering in a structure that could be deployed .
We immediately drew up a structure and acceptance criteria for the deployable package the team was delivering to us and helped them standardize its packaging .
This triggered the implementation of automated processes to build the software in that consistent structure for every release point .
Suddenly , the packaging of the software for release was not even an issue .
Because we had automated the verification of the acceptance criteria — for example , that code must be unit tested prior to delivery and test deployed to ensure that it could be deployed — we had guaranteed its executability .
As a result , we were able to package , version , and test and deploy finished code with a single command in a very short time .
But automation did not stop there .
With each development cycle , we had even more regression tests to do .
The existing regression tests would have taken three months to manually execute ; as a result , the releases were never properly tested .
Our newly established release cycle meant that a release had to be regression , performance and integration tested in two weeks for us to be able to release it into production .
We could overcome the different types of testing ( integration and performance ) by having separate environments for each type .
But how would we accommodate three months of regression tests into a two - week window ?!
First , we initiated a prioritization exercise .
The customer identified the highest - priority regression tests : the minimum they would accept as proof that the old functionality still worked .
Then we set about automating this set .
Subsequent acceptance tests also became automated , ensuring that we could regression test every release in hours rather than days .
6. Establish positive expectations .
If getting software released is important to you , do n't keep it a secret .
Our teams improved their commitment to deliver the software release when they knew it was important .
We backed up this importance by establishing that the designated release manager would expect the software to be ready when the teams agreed it would be ready .
We got the program manager ( who effectively was our customer ) to explain to the teams why the release was important .
( Ultimately it boiled down to losing millions of pounds ! )
We requested that the software delivered by the engineering teams conform to a standard ( versioned , tested , documented and packaged ) ; we established that we would request this standard package for every release cycle .
We needed to explain why we wanted the software in this way ( it made our automated process easier and more consistent ) and we integrated the team 's feedback into the process .
Establishing positive expectation is a really good way to empower everyone involved in the process .
We were not given any executive authority , so there was no fear of sanction or sacking .
Instead , we tapped into the power of positive expectation to get people on board to help us improve the release process .
We had individuals making key decisions ( which they never felt able to make before ) because " Mike and Tym need this software by Thursday and we said we would deliver it . "
7. Invest in people .
No matter how much you spend on hardware , software and fancy processes , without the commitment of team members you will not enjoy sustainable success in releasing your software .
Heck , you may not even end up with any software to release !
You probably thought we were going to talk about getting the right people and rewarding them well or that we would harp on about the tools and skills teams need to do their jobs .
The truth is that you know you should get the right people for your teams ( the definition of " right " is different from business to business ) , you should reward them adequately for the value they deliver and yes , you should ensure they have the tools and skills they need .
Fox host : ' A lot of pot smokers are coming ' to DNC David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Wednesday August 20 , 2008
Print This Email This
In a Wednesday warning to Democrats attending this year 's Democratic National Convention , the hosts of Fox & Friends cautioned that while Denver has legalized posession of small amounts of marijuana for adults -- and passed an ordinance making it the lowest law enforcement priority -- state drug laws will be enforced during the convention .
Or , in the words of Fox host Dave Briggs , " The implication here is that a lot of pot smokers are coming to town . "
" To all of the Democrats who are going ... " began Fox host Steve Doocy .
" And , this is also news to all the Republicans going to their convention in St. Paul .
Do n't take your pot .
Do n't take your pot to the DNC . "
" That 's something ...
You might want to forward that to Peter Doocy , " quipped Briggs .
" Only kidding . "
" Apparently in Denver , they have made it a low priority to make arrests for people who are smoking pot , caught with pot , whatever , " said Gretchen Carlson .
" So , what 's the concern now ?
They think that because all the security is coming to the city , there 's gonna be more arrests for people who are smoking pot ? "
At which point , Briggs asserted that the news implied " a lot of pot smokers are coming to town . "
" But , " said Doocy , " the Denver police want you to know that if you bring your Mary Jane , you could end up in the hooscow . "
This video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast August 20 , 2008 .
Download video
What liberal media ?
Despite Obama overload on the broadcast networks , with anchors heading overseas to join the media circus , the LA Times finds that the Illinois Senator 's actually been getting tougher treatment on air .
The Center for Media and Public Affairs at George Mason University , where researchers have tracked network news content for two decades , found that ABC , NBC and CBS were tougher on Obama than on Republican John McCain during the first six weeks of the general - election campaign .
You read it right : tougher on the Democrat .
During the evening news , the majority of statements from reporters and anchors on all three networks are neutral , the center found .
And when network news people ventured opinions in recent weeks , 28 % of the statements were positive for Obama and 72 % negative .
Network reporting also tilted against McCain , but far less dramatically , with 43 % of the statements positive and 57 % negative , according to the Washington - based media center .
Robert Lichter , the center 's director and onetime Fox News contributor -- yes , he 's been praised by O'Reilly before -- told the paper that " this information should blow away this silly assumption that more coverage is always better coverage . "
UPDATE : I just called the Center , and was told that the study should be available online later today ( and will link when its up ) .
After the jump is the press release .
MEDIA BASH BARACK ( NOT A TYPO )
Study Finds Obama Faring Worse On TV News Than McCain
Barack Obama is getting more negative coverage than John McCain on TV network evening news shows , reversing Obama ’s lead in good press during the primaries , according to a new study by Center for Media and Public Affairs ( CMPA ) .
The study also finds that a majority of both candidates ’ coverage is unfavorable for the first time this year .
According to CMPA President Dr. S. Robert Lichter , “ Obama replaced McCain as the media ’s favorite candidate after New Hampshire .
But now the networks are voting no on both candidates . ”
These results are from the Center for Media and Public Affairs ( CMPA ) 2008 Election News Watch Project .
They are based on a scientific content analysis of 249 election news stories ( 7 hours 38 minutes of airtime ) that aired on ABC World News Tonight , CBS Evening News , NBC Nightly News , and Fox Special Report ( first half hour ) from June 8 , 2008 to July 21 , 2008 .
Previously we analyzed 2144 stories ( 25 hrs 35 min airtime ) during the primary campaign from December 16 , 2007 through June 7 , 2008 .
We report on all on - air evaluations of the candidates by sources and reporters , after excluding comments by the campaigns about each other .
MAJOR FINDINGS :
Since the primaries ended , on - air evaluations of Barack Obama have been 72 % negative ( vs. 28 % positive ) .
That ’s worse than John McCain ’s coverage , which has been 57 % negative ( vs. 43 % positive ) during the same time period .
This is a major turnaround since McCain and Obama emerged as front - runners in the early primaries .
From the New Hampshire primary on January 8 until Hillary Clinton dropped out on June 7 , Obama ’s coverage was 62 % positive ( v. 38 % negative ) on the broadcast networks ; by contrast , McCain ’s coverage during this period was only 34 % positive ( v. 66 % negative ) .
Obama ran even farther behind McCain on Fox News Channel ’s Special Report with 79 % negative comments ( v. 21 % positive ) , compared to 61 % negative comments ( v. 39 % positive ) for McCain since June 8 .
During the primaries Obama had a slight lead in good press on Fox , with 52 % favorable comments ( v. 48 % unfavorable ) , compared to 48 % favorable ( v. 52 % unfavorable ) for McCain .
Obama ’s bad press has come at a time when he was much more visible than McCain .
Since June 8 , he has been the subject of 120 stories on the three network evening news shows , 50 % more than John McCain ’s 80 stories .
Examples of Obama ’s evaluations :
Positive : “ Obama came to Baghdad and he brought his star power with him ….. hundreds of U.S. troops and State Department personnel mobbed Obama at the embassy here . ”
– Terry Moran , ABC
Negative : “ You raised a lot of eyebrows on this trip saying , even knowing what you know now , you still would not have supported the surge .
People may be scratching their heads and saying , ‘ why ’ ? ” – Katie Couric , CBS
Negative : “ Far more Americans say John McCain would be a good commander in chief than Obama ” – Jake Tapper , ABC
CMPA has monitored every presidential election since 1988 using the same methodology , in which trained coders tally all mentions of candidates and issues and all evaluations of candidates .
For previous CMPA findings on the 2008 elections : http://cmpa.com/Studies/Election08/election08.htm
comments closed
permalink
Bush in leaked fundraiser video : ' Wall Street got drunk '
On Friday , June 18th , at a fundraiser for candidate Pete Olson , President Bush , a Harvard MBA , shared his assessment of the economy after asking that cameras be turned off :
" There 's no question about it : Wall Street got drunk ... it got drunk , and now it 's got a hangover .
The question is , how long [ until it sobers up ] , and not try to do all these fancy financial instruments ? "
The Harvard MBA also expressed relief that the " housing issue " affecting the country was n't affecting the First Lady 's house hunting around Texas .
Video of Bush 's remarks and a brief report by Houston reporter Miya Shay can be viewed below .
Download video
No official announcement has been made yet , but it 's likely InBev will put Anheuser - Busch 's ( BUD ) theme park division up for sale once the merger closes .
Selling Sea
World might be a sensitive issue , but the park wo n't likely end up in American hands ( Forbes ) :
" I think if there were to be a buyer for the parks , it might come from overseas .
There are some deep - pocketed players overseas , " said Paul Ruben , North American editor for the England - based Park World Trade Magazine ....
Likely suitors might include Merlin Entertainment Group , based in England , or Spain - based Parques Reunidos , Ruben said .
Until the dollar strengthens , the US is still on sale for bargain - basement prices .
See Also :
Full BUD - InBev Coverage and Analysis
Anheuser - Busch ( BUD ) : Let The Theme Park Sale Begin ( BUD )
Life After Anheuser - Busch ( BUD ) : Shareholders Win , Consumers Lose ( BUD )
Father and daughter , 8 , killed in holiday jeep crash after ' 4x4 driver is blinded during water pistol fight '
A Briton has died along with his daughter in a freak accident in Turkey .
Jonothan and Charley Pearce were in a convoy of Land Rovers whose tourist passengers were exchanging fire with water pistols .
A stray shot hit their driver in the face , forcing him to lose control and plough into a tractor and trailer .
Charley , eight , was flung from the open - top vehicle and died instantly .
Her 38 - year - old father died in the ambulance taking him to hospital .
Charley ’s cousin , Joseph , also eight , suffered head injuries and was critically ill last night .
Freak accident : Jonothan and Charley Pearce were in a convoy of Land Rovers
Mr Pearce , who ran a florist ’s with wife Joanne in Smethwick , West Midlands , had taken seven members of his family on holiday .
They were staying at the four - star First Choice Holiday Village in Sarigerme on Turkey ’s Mediterranean coast .
Last night , a relative said : ‘ The whole family are completely distraught at what has happened . ’
Land Rover tours , complete with water pistols , are among the most popular excursions booked by tourists staying in Sarigerme .
A Briton who was in the convoy said : ‘ It was dreadful – really dreadful .
One minute they were all laughing and squirting each other with water pistols .
‘ The driver , a young lad , was squirted with water which temporarily blinded him .
‘ He saw the tractor too late and swerved to avoid it – but as he swerved the back of the Land Rover took the full impact of the crash .
No one was wearing seat belts , they were standing up in the Land Rover having a whale of a time .
‘ When they hit the tractor I saw them being flung out into the road .
Shattered :
The wrecked Land Rover that the Pearce family were in
Danger : Land Rover tours with water pistols are a hit with tourists in Turkey
‘ We reversed back and jumped out to help .
Charley had suffered really bad head injuries and was obviously dead .
We just covered her up where she lay in the road .
It was devastating . ’
It is thought the shot of water that blinded the driver was fired by a German motorcyclist who was trying to join in the hijinks .
He left the scene and Turkish police are trying to trace him .
Emre Ergun of Sarigerme Tours , which organised the excursion , said : ‘ We advise our customers just to water fight between each other . ’
A company spokesman said it was the first accident in five years of running the tours .
He said : ‘ Three of the Land Rovers passed the broken - down tractor .
But as the fourth Land Rover came down the road a German motorbike tourist thought he ’d join in the fun and threw water at the Land Rover .
No chance : the tractor trailer full of bricks which the Land Rover smashed into
‘ It hit the driver in the face and temporarily blinded him . ’
A British couple , Chan and Garandip Singh , were in the same Land Rover as the eight members of the Pearce party and Mr Sing suffered severe head injuries .
A First Choice spokesman said : ‘ We would like to express our heartfelt sympathy to family and friends during this deeply sad time . ’
Preparations for the 2010 census are a shambles .
Committees in the House have been holding hearings to vet the problems and monitor progress .
But with each hearing , it becomes more obvious that prospects for a robust census are unlikely to improve considerably unless and until the next president brings in new leaders .
They are needed at the Commerce Department , which includes the Census Bureau , and at the bureau itself , which  like so many federal agencies  has been mismanaged and demoralized during the Bush years .
Congress , in the meantime , has damage control to do .
For starters , lawmakers should pass a census funding bill for 2009 , pending now in the House , that includes a ban on the use of the bureau ’s budget to offer prizes to people for sending in their census forms .
It ’s morally dubious  and bad public policy  to bribe people to do their civic duty .
Also , research has shown that people who do not fill out their census forms would be unlikely to fill out prize forms , too .
Including a sweepstakes with the census would invite errors , such as multiple submissions .
But all those well - documented negatives have not stopped the Commerce Department from supporting the idea .
Lawmakers must also ensure that the final census funding bill includes a provision from the House version that would require the bureau to spend $ 8 million to $ 10 million of its budget on the Census in Schools program .
The program , which provides take - home materials to educate families about the census , proved effective in reaching hard - to - count populations during the 2000 census .
But the House committee that oversees the bureau learned last spring that the Commerce Department planned to shrink the program .
The project 's initial $ 14bn ( £ 7 bn ) budget has continued to rise
The owner of the World Trade Center has abandoned the timetable for rebuilding work at the site of the 9/11 attacks , saying it was " not realistic " .
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey executive director , Christopher Ward , listed over a dozen issues that had slowed work and raised costs .
New dates for the completion of a memorial , skyscrapers and a transit hub are expected to be issued in September .
It is unclear if the centrepiece Freedom Tower will now be scaled back .
The tower , intended as a replacement for the destroyed Twin Towers , had been scheduled for completion in 2006 and then 2011 , but the latest estimate is 2013 .
At 1,776ft ( 541 m ) it would be one of the tallest buildings in the world .
' Emotional dates '
In a report to New York governor David Paterson , Mr Ward said : " The schedule and cost estimates of the rebuilding effort that have been communicated to the public are not realistic . "
He said developers and government agencies would set new " clear and achievable timelines " by the end of September .
Mr Ward said the earliest rebuilding estimates in the wake of the 9/11 attacks were not truthful , referring to them as " emotional dates " .
The deadlines for the redevelopment work have been moved several times .
The project 's initial $ 14bn ( £ 7 bn ) budget has continued to rise as commodity prices soar and developers and government agencies wrangle over site plans .
Coronavirus
If due to coronavirus you are experiencing temporary difficulty in paying your premium or you want to discuss the cover under your policy , please get in touch .
Call 0333 321 1403 or email schemes@caunceohara.co.uk
Policyholder update : non-damage business interruption >>
Providing comprehensive business insurance protection to freelancers and contractors since 1995 .
Whatever your profession , we can provide you with the indemnity insurance and commercial liabilities cover you need to protect your business .
At Caunce O’Hara we aim to help our clients ‘ plan for the unexpected , feel protected and thrive ’ in their business activities through our comprehensive insurance protection .
Contact us on 0333 321 1403 for a business insurance quote today .
The insurance policies we offer include :
We offer specialist commercial insurance cover for the following industries :
Some of our most sought after insurance products include :
Our commitment to excellent customer service
By providing the highest level of customer care to our clients we have been awarded with the Feefo Platinum Standard Trusted Service Award .
Sacramento , California ( WiredPRNews.com ) — California is the first state in the U.S. to ban the use of trans fats in chain restaurants as these fats are connected to coronary heart disease .
The Governor of California , Arnold Schwarzenegger , has asserted that the new legislation will take effect in 2010 and will represent a concrete step in the direction of creating a healthy future .
It has also been ruled that violators of the new legislation will be charged with a fine .
This is owing to the fact that trans - fats are chemically tainted vegetable oils used to give processed foods a greater shelf life .
In several other U.S. cities such as in Philadelphia and Seattle , the use of trans - fats in restaurants has already been banned .
As a result , many restaurant chains and food makers have started experimenting with the replacement of oils and the food products which contain them .
Since trans - fats are produced artificially through a process known as hydrogenation meant to turn liquid oil into solid fats , these oils are bad for health and are closely associated with coronary heart disease .
They are put to use in baking or frying , and added to processed foods including ready made mixtures used for drinks and cakes .
Trans - fats are mainly used in food since they are cheap , can add mass to food products , possess a neutral taste and provide food products a longer shelf - life .
Trans - fats are said to have no dietary value and so the new legislation banning its use has brought out remarkable benefits to the general health of the public .
A review said that the elimination of trans - fats from food products could prevent approximately nineteen percent of heart attack risks and deaths related to it every year .
Welcome to
Bacon Auto Group
The Bacon Family of Dealerships has three locations for East and Northeast Texas drivers .
For more information about any of the new and used vehicles from the General Motors brands that our Bacon Family of Dealerships carries , including Chevrolet , Cadillac , Buick , and GMC , use the tools above , or click here to see our entire inventory .
For more information about any of the three Bacon dealership locations in Jacksonville , Frankston , and Athens , TX see the information below , or click here to visit our dealer locator .
All of our dealerships offer a range of services including new vehicles , pre-owned vehicles , service , parts , accessories , financing , and more .
Please feel welcome to contact us if you have any questions .
Thank you for your interest in our Bacon Auto Dealerships !
By now , rotated on countless television broadcasts , the image is indelible : Jesse Jackson , once the most influential African - American leader in the US , angrily jabbing his right arm and muttering about Barack Obama across a television microphone that he thought was turned off .
" I want to cut his nuts out , " Jackson said to his fellow guest during a broadcasting break .
" Barack , he is talking down to black people . "
After being rebuked by his son , Jesse Jackson Jr , who is a co-chairman of the Obama campaign , the chastened clergyman spent a second day apologising for his remarks yesterday .
Obama , the clergyman told reporters in Chicago , " represents the redemption of our country " .
But for all Jackson 's efforts to make amends , his remarks seemed to usher in broader questions .
What has happened to Obama since he won the Democratic nomination ?
Has the candidate who promised change , a new kind of politics , turned into a politician like any other ?
How much will race be a factor for his campaign ?
Jackson 's comments come at a time when Obama is accused of reversing his stand on the Iraq war , campaign finance , gun control , the death penalty , abortion and wiretapping without court oversight , as he tries to position himself for the election against the Republican candidate , Senator John McCain .
Such rows are potentially damaging to any candidate claiming to have broken with the divisive politics of the past , but Obama has the additional challenge of trying to avoid divisions about race in his quest to become the first African - American in the White House .
" There is no benefit to him of reviving the race issue , " said one Democratic strategist .
Jackson 's outburst did exactly that , revisiting the issue of Obama 's place in the African - American community and his views on race only weeks after the controversy surrounding his former pastor , the Reverend Jeremiah Wright .
Jackson 's remarks also exposed the divisions in the African - American leadership about how Obama is conducting his campaign .
" His comments were a combination of personal ego and ideological dispute , " said Clarence Page , a prominent columnist for the Chicago Tribune who has been covering Jackson for nearly 40 years .
The substance of the argument between Obama and Jackson involves the apportionment of responsibility for the breakdown of some African - American families .
Obama in a speech last month on Father 's Day suggested that African - American fathers needed to take more responsibility for their children - a point made by the entertainer Bill Cosby and others .
That line of argument has rankled those on the left , including Jackson , who want to more strongly hold government policies to account for the impoverishment of African - American families .
Some commentators said Obama made matters worse by delivering his speech on fatherhood from a church , only days after breaking with his own church of nearly 20 years and repudiating Wright for making controversial remarks .
" By choosing that moment to castigate black fathers , some worry that Obama gave public voice to what white people whisper about blacks in their living rooms and cemented his image as a post - racial saviour at the expense of black men , " wrote one blogger , Eric Easter , at EbonyJet.com .
It remains unclear how the divide between Jackson and Obama will more broadly affect his campaign - especially among African - American voters .
Obama is counting on high African - American turnout in battleground states .
Michael Feldman , an adviser to the former vice - president Al Gore during his run for the White House , said Obama had limited the potential damage to his campaign by his response to Jackson .
" We all try to script and manage campaigns , but they are inherently unmanageable .
You end up talking about X when want to talk about Y , " said Feldman .
" The question is how gracefully do you do that and I think he has been very graceful . "
Larry Sabato , an expert on politics at the University of Virginia , believes the rift is unlikely to diminish enthusiasm about Obama 's candidacy in the African - American community .
" They [ African Americans ] sense history in the making and they understand that Obama has to do what he has to do , " said Sabato .
A similar calculation by the Obama campaign is under way regarding his shift to the centre .
Jackson 's outburst on Wednesday were mirrored on the blogosphere in an outpouring of anger against the campaign 's moves to the right - most recently with Obama voting in favour of a bill sought by the White House that would expand the government 's powers to spy on US citizens - which he had previously opposed .
Commentators point out that Obama has to occupy the middle ground if he is to win in November against McCain .
If he has lost some of the shine he enjoyed during the primaries , that is just part of the normal process of politics .
" For months Obama was put on a pedestal as a symbol , while now he is just a [ politician ] , which is what he really is , " said Sabato .
" That is actually healthy . "
' Is this microphone live ? '
In 1984 while Ronald Reagan ran for re-election , as a sound check for his weekly address on National Public Radio , he joked to technicians : " My fellow Americans , I 'm pleased to tell you today I 've signed legislation that will outlaw Russia forever .
We begin bombing in five minutes . "
In George Bush 's 2000 election he and Dick Cheney were caught on microphone : " There 's Adam Clymer , major league asshole from the New York Times , " Bush said .
Cheney responded : ' Oh yeah , he is ; big time . '
Prime minister John Major was caught on video calling three cabinet members " bastards " .
ITN was about to tape silent shots to cover gaps in an edited interview at No 10 , and Major had not realised he could still be heard .
At St Petersburg in 2006 microphones famously heard Bush address the then prime minister with : " Yo , Blair .
How 're you doin ? "
Bush was also heard saying , regarding the Middle East , " What they need to do is get Syria to get Hezbollah to stop doing this shit , and it's over ' .
At a banquet to mark Nicolas Sarkozy 's UK visit this year , the Queen , looking bemused as Gordon Brown failed to appear , could clearly be heard saying : " Has the prime minister got lost ? "
Her remarks were picked up by a microphone positioned for a speech .
Dow Jones Newswires ' Kenneth Rapoza reports from Brazil :
Amid mounting criticism that Brazil 's ethanol industry is felling forests to grow sugar for fuel , the industry is fighting back to save its reputation .
Last week , Unica , Brazil 's ethanol lobby , organized a trip intended to improve its image with reporters , mostly Europeans but including yours truly too .
Brazil wants Europe to become a major importer of Brazilian ethanol .
But Stavros Dimas , the European Union 's environment commissioner , wants guarantees from Brazil that the ethanol it sells to the EU is n't hurting the Amazon or Brazilian workers .
Unica 's counterattacks began in January , after Bloomberg TV ran " Deadly Brew - The Human Toll of Ethanol , " which showcased the miserable conditions many cane cutters work under .
Unica president Marcos Jank said the report was based on " isolated cases . "
Features of the five crushed eggs discovered inside the fossil turtle 's body cavity suggested the female turtle would have laid them in a matter of days .
A turtle that toddled alongside the dinosaurs died just days before laying a clutch of eggs .
Now , about 75 million years later , paleontologists are announcing their find of the fossilized mother - to - be and the eggs tucked inside her body .
Scientists from the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology in Canada discovered the turtle in 1999 in a mud-filled channel in the badlands of southeastern Alberta .
Then , in 2005 , University of Calgary scientists found a nest of 26 eggs laid by another female of the same species in the same region .
Both specimens , described this week in the journal Biology Letters , belong to an extinct turtle in the Adocus genus , a large river turtle that resembles today 's slider and cooter turtles .
The pregnant turtle represents the first fossil turtle to be unearthed with eggs still inside the body cavity , the scientists say .
" Although it is relatively rare to find the eggs and babies of extinct animals , it is even rarer to find them inside the body of the mother , " said researcher Darla Zelenitsky , a geoscientist at the University of Calgary in Alberta , who was also involved in the first discovery of a dinosaur with eggs inside its body .
Fertile find
It was almost by accident that scientists realized that the fossil turtle had been pregnant .
" The reason we knew she was pregnant was because when the fossil was found the body was broken , " Zelenitsky told LiveScience , " so there was egg shell on the ground just below the fossil , it was falling out of the body . "
The team spotted at least five crushed eggs within the body of the fossilized female , and computed tomography ( CT ) scans revealed more eggs hidden beneath the turtle 's shell .
The turtle , estimated to be about 16 inches ( 40 cm ) long , could have produced about 20 eggs .
When still intact , the eggs would have been spherical and about 1.5 inches ( 4 cm ) in diameter .
The eggs from the nearby nest were about the same size and shape .
Both sets of eggs also had extremely thick and hard shells , especially compared with most modern turtles whose shells are either thinner or soft .
Thick - shelled
The thick eggshell may have evolved to protect the eggs from drying out or from voracious predators that lived during the Age of Dinosaurs .
The pregnant turtle and nest specimens , the researchers say , shed light on the evolution of reproductive traits of modern turtles .
" Based on these fossils , we have determined that the ancestor of living hidden - necked turtles , which are most of today 's turtles and tortoises , laid a large number of eggs and had hard , rigid shells , " said François Therrien , the Museum 's Curator of Dinosaur Palaeoecology , who worked on the turtle report in the journal .
June 30 , 2008  --
A soldier has been named a person of interest in the death of pregnant soldier Spc. Megan Touma , a military spokesman said Saturday , the same day a newpaper released an anonymous letter in which the writer claimed responsibility for the young woman 's killing .
Military spokesman Lt. Col. John Clearwater told The Associated Press the Ft. Bragg soldier is training at a special operations school , and he has not been charged with any crime .
The Fayetteville , N.C. , Observer newspaper released an anonymous letter Saturday in which the writer claims to have murdered Touma , whose body was found in a Fayetteville hotel room bathtub on Saturday , June 21 .
The author states the killing was " a master piece " and was one of many " in several states . "
The letter is signed with what the author calls his or her " role - model 's signature , " a circle with a vertical and a horizontal line through it — a symbol identical to the one the infamous Zodiac killer used to sign similar correspondences .
The Observer received the note on Wednesday but did not publish it at police request , according to executive editor Brian Tolley .
An unnamed source told the newspaper that the same symbol was found written in lipstick on the mirror in the Fairfield Inn room where Touma 's body was found , the paper said .
According to the Observer , Fayetteville police officer Lt. David Sportsman cautions that while the letter is believed to be valuable evidence in the investigation , it could have been written to mislead .
Some forensic experts believe the letter is from an imposter .
" If he were real deal , he would tell you something that would put him there that only the killer would know .
This guy did n't do this , " said Brad Garrett , a former FBI agent and ABC News consultant .
Police have yet to determine the cause of Touma 's death and have not ruled out natural causes .
" There is absolutely no reason to believe there have been any other killings or that any other killings have occurred related to this so - called confession , " Sportsman told the Observer .
The letter also taunts the Fayetteville police , calling them " incompetent " and claiming that the author sat and watched investigators as they were on site at the motel .
The letter is dated June 17 , four days before Touma 's body was found in a condition that led investigators to believe she had been been dead for several days .
The letter was postmarked on June 24 , the day before it was delivered to the paper .
" This is the department 's top priority , " Sportsman told the Observer .
" We want to solve this thing . "
Touma , an Army dental specialist who had been in the country for less than two weeks after serving three years with the Army in Germany , reported to her assignment at Fort Bragg , N.C. , on Thursday , June 12 .
Since Touma had Friday off , her absence only became suspicous when she failed to appear at formation on Tuesday .
The Army has launched an internal investigation into why she was not declared AWOL on Wednesday as dictated by Army regulations , according to a report by The Associated Press .
Her body was not identified until a week later .
" She was left in the room for two days , " Touma 's ex-husband , El Sayed Touma , told WCSC - TV Thursday .
" They did n't even bother to go check on her in the motel where she stayed . "
According to a police warrant , the body was not discovered until a maintenance man detected an odor coming from Touma 's room .
Though an autopsy has been completed , police have not released those details and are continuing to investigate the cause of Tauma 's death .
The good news is that home sales in the city of Detroit through June are up by a whopping +46.56 % ( YTD ) compared to last year ( 5,389 homes sold in 2008 YTD vs. 3,677 last year ) , but the bad news is that the average price for a home sold in Detroit has fallen by 56 % to only $ 19,448 so far this this year , compared to an average price last year of $ 44,346 for the January - June period !
Compared to the peak of $ 97,850 for the average Detroit home price in 2003 , prices have fallen by 80 % ( see chart above , values are annual except for 2008 , which is YTD ,
data available here
) .
Uncharted 2 at Leipzig ?
Ever since it was first announced a couple of years ago , Uncharted : Drake ’s Fortune has won the hearts of many Playstation gamers ; it was the sole reason for me personally buying a Playstation 3 .
The game centers around Nathan Drake on his action - packed adventure , searching for the fabled treasure of El Dorado , and since its launch in November 2007 , it ’s been an instant hit with sales reaching nearly 2 million worldwide .
With Naughty
Dog creating such a rich , vast world with interesting characters , it comes to no surprise that a sequel could well be in the works .
Videogaming 247 picked up on a French interview in which Christophe Balestra , Vice - President of Naughty Dog , “ confirms ” that Uncharted 2 is in fact in development .
The interview originates from French website Gamekyo.com with a translation below :
“ One expected it and Christophe Balestra , Vice - President of Naughty Dog , officially confirms it at the time of an interview with LCI : very good Uncharted : Drake ’s Fortune will have right to its continuation , of course better according to statements ’ of the creators .
One awaits the first images and information . ”
Now before you say , " Hey , TGR , this is old , " we do know that the interview is from January , 2008 .
So why bring it up now ?
Because of this : a certain David Reeves saying that there will be twelve announcements at Leizpig , and we will put money down that Uncharted 2 will make an appearance in trailer form during the Sony press conference .
How do we know ?
Just trust us .
TGR Verdict : Very Likely
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 Coming Soon ?
The Marvel vs. Capcom series has a place in the heart of every fighter and comic - book fan .
Marvel vs. Capcom 2 is considered the best in the series and is arguably one of the best 2D fighters to grace a home console ; the game upped the ante with 3 - on - 3 fights with 50 + characters from the Marvel and Capcom universe playable .
Ever since the new current consoles were released with the ability for downloadable games through Xbox Live and the Playstation Network , gamers have been wanting Capcom to port the game over .
Marvel ’s VP of Interactive Media , Justin Lambros , spoke of his desire to bring the game to the likes of the Xbox Live Arcade .
Nothing has been heard of that lately , but now it seems that gamers may actually be getting one better .
Kevin Feige , President of Production at Marvel Studios , spoke about the possibility of a new Marvel vs. Capcom while at this years Comic Con. Said Feige in response to a query about a new Marvel vs. Capcom :
“ Yes .
And maybe sooner than you think . ”
So that ’s two Marvel executives on board with the idea .
IGN did make a good point that Capcom ’s upcoming cross-over game , Tatsunoko vs. Capcom : Cross Generation of Heroes , makes for an easy conversion to the current generation of consoles , as the engine and fighting mechanics are already in place .
Creating the Marvel characters and more Capcom characters would n’t take that long to do .
We already know about Midway ’s cross-over fighter Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe and the attention surrounding it , so maybe Marvel and Capcom are seriously considering challenging them .
We ’ve contacted Capcom and are waiting a response , with which we ’ll update you .
TGR Verdict : Likely
Grand Theft Auto 4 PC - Bound ?
Was there any real doubt that this would hit the PC after the launch of Grand Theft Auto 4 on the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 ?
Selling millions and millions , it seems like a given that it would make an appearance on PC .
Even though we all think it , it still has n’t been confirmed by Take - Two or Rockstar , but a recent leak points to evidence that it is definitely on the way .
Game - on - Game reported that if you visited the ESRB ’s website and typed in “ Grand , ” the search results would show Grand Theft Auto 4 listed for PS3 , Xbox 360 , and Games for Windows .
w
Well hello , Games for Windows !
You were n’t there before !
Since the exposure , it has been removed but not before it was exposed to the Internet masses .
If true , Rockstar would have a lot going on at the moment : Grand Theft Auto : Chinatown for the Nintendo DS , Grand Theft Auto for the Wii ( you might remember that rumor from the last Rumor Killers ) , the Xbox 360 DLC for Grand Theft Auto 4 , and now , a PC version of Grand Theft Auto 4 .
Considering the near - identical nature of the Xbox 360 and PC development , the wait should n’t be too long .
TGR Verdict : Very Likely
On side note , you can look forward to a special Rumor Killers coming very soon , in which we finally tackle one of the most heated discussions between fanboys .
”
Dozens of Vancouver moms packed into a popular fashion clothing store Thursday , and they were n't there to shop .
They came to H& M 's downtown location to breastfeed .
The nursing moms were to support Manuella Valle .
On a recent visit to H&M , she began to breastfeed her two - month - old child , Ramona , but was interrupted when a store employee asked her to use a fitting room .
" [ This was ] because I was offending other customers , and also she told me to mind that there were children around , '' she said .
Valle says she was told it was store policy , one that has clearly touched a nerve .
" I would love for them to explain to me like a two year old , what is so offensive about me feeding my child , " said one mom , who joined the protest .
The store manager was n't talking , but H&M spokesperson Laura Shankland says the company is sorry .
" To set the record straight , we do have a breastfeeding policy that allows women to feed their children in all our stores , " she said
H&M is a Swedish retailer with 1,400 stores in 28 countries .
Shankland says part of that policy is to offer moms the use of a fitting room or a chair , if they want .
" It was n't handled in the best possible way .
That is clear . "
Meanwhile , a protest is also brewing in London , Ont. , where a woman says staff at a La Senza store chastised her for breastfeeding .
" I felt violated ... you would eat your big mac in public , why can't my baby eat his big mac in public , " the woman said .
Rights advocates say breastfeeding women are protected by the provincal human rights code , which prevents discrimination on the basis of sex .
For more information , check the Infant Feeding Action Coalition website
With reports by CTV British Columbia 's Maria Weisgarber and the Canadian Press .
View the Surveillance Slide Show
When traveling to London , be sure to smile : the city is home to at least half of a million surveillance cameras — if you count video systems at banks , supermarkets and other commercial locations , according to The New York Times .
And motorists with obnoxious vanity license plates , take heed : New York City has plans to install cameras that will snap a photo of every plate that enters the borough of Manhattan .
The range of human vocalization , from a full - throated bellow to a hushed whisper , typically lets you decide who will hear your voice .
But what happens when that choice is taken away by technology that can pick up and transmit even the softest sounds ?
Add security cameras at gas stations , convenience marts , subway stops and street corners , and privacy appears to be little more than a quaint notion .
Some efforts to prevent the next terrorist attack have come at a cost to our privacy , whether through the government 's expansion of its wiretapping and surveillance powers or an omnipresent network of cameras that scan our every move in the public square as we go about our daily lives .
Is this the cost of greater , and some would argue , necessary security ?
Or have governments and concerned parties crossed the line into prying and paranoia ?
Check out ScientificAmerican.com 's in - depth report on privacy and security to learn more about these issues .
Here , see images of both conspicuous as well as not - so - noticeable surveillance devices , from the gas station closed - circuit camera to the telephone wiretapping equipment that has recently been the subject of political fights .
View the Surveillance Slide Show
WASHINGTON , DC ( August 18 , 2008 ) – The Natural Resources Defense Council filed a lawsuit today to uncover critical information that the US government is withholding about the risks posed by pesticides to honey bees .
NRDC legal experts and a leading bee researcher are convinced that the US Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has evidence of connections between pesticides and the mysterious honey bee die - offs reported across the country .
The phenomenon has come to be called “ colony collapse disorder , ” or CCD , and it is already proving to have disastrous consequences for American agriculture and the $ 15 billion worth of crops pollinated by bees every year .
EPA has failed to respond to NRDC ’s Freedom of Information
Act request for agency records concerning the toxicity of pesticides to bees , forcing the legal action .
“ Recently approved pesticides have been implicated in massive bee die - offs and are the focus of increasing scientific scrutiny , ” said NRDC Senior Attorney Aaron Colangelo .
“ EPA should be evaluating the risks to bees before approving new pesticides , but now refuses to tell the public what it knows .
Pesticide restrictions might be at the heart of the solution to this growing crisis , so why hide the information they should be using to make those decisions ? ”
In 2003 , EPA granted a registration to a new pesticide manufactured by Bayer CropScience under the condition that Bayer submit studies about its product ’s impact on bees .
EPA has refused to disclose the results of these studies , or if the studies have even been submitted .
The pesticide in question , clothianidin , recently was banned in Germany due to concerns about its impact on bees .
A similar insecticide was banned in France for the same reason a couple of years before .
In the United States , these chemicals still are in use despite a growing consensus among bee specialists that pesticides , including clothianidin and its chemical cousins , may contribute to CCD .
In the past two years , some American beekeepers have reported unexplained losses of 30 - 90 % of the bees in their hives .
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) , bees pollinate $ 15 billion worth of crops grown in America .
USDA also claims that one out of every three mouthfuls of food in the typical American diet has a connection to bee pollination .
As the die - offs worsen , Americans will see their food costs increase .
Despite bees ’ critical role for farmers , consumers , and the environment , the federal government has been slow to address the die - off since the alarm bells started in 2006 .
In recent Congressional hearings , USDA was unable to account for the $ 20 million that Congress has allocated to the department for fighting CCD in the last two years .
“ This is a real mystery right now , ” said Dr. Gabriela Chavarria , director of NRDC ’s Science Center .
“ EPA needs to help shed some light so that researchers can get to work on this problem .
This is n’t just an issue for farmers -- this is an issue that concerns us all .
Just try to imagine a pizza without the contribution of bees !
No tomatoes .
No cheese .
No peppers .
If you eat apples , cucumbers , broccoli , onions , squash , carrots , avocados , or cherries , you need to be concerned . ”
Chavarria has spent more than 20 years studying bees , and has published a number of academic papers on the taxonomy , behavior and distribution of native bees .
NRDC filed the lawsuit today in federal court in Washington DC .
In documents to be filed next month , NRDC will ask for a court order directing EPA to disclose its information about pesticides and bee toxicity .
Feminists preach the absolute equality of the sexes in all respects , save for one .
They believe in the unequivocal moral superiority of women over men .
The notion has become so entrenched that people do n't bother to question it any more .
Originally , people believed that morality also resided with the male sex .
Indeed , the word " virtue " comes from the Latin root " vir , " meaning man .
And in Colonial America , fathers were expected to be the moral exemplars and preceptors of the family .
But then the Industrial Revolution swept the nation in the mid-1800s .
As the primary breadwinners , fathers were forced to leave their farms to labor in the factories , the mines , and later the corporate high - rises .
Soon mothers moved to fill the domestic void .
Women came to be viewed as the Guardians of Goodness to shield their families from the contaminating influences of the outside world .
When feminism came along , it preached that the Patriarchy was to blame for the misdeeds of women .
Take the feminist dogma on domestic violence , for instance .
Research shows that DV is instigated equally by men and women .
But feminists continue to insist that women strike their husbands only because they have been abusive and controlling .
How 's that for a silly excuse ?
So misbehaving women were able to have their cake and eat it , too .
They got away with murder - sometimes literally - content in the smug belief that their moral compass always points north .
Then came those shocking pictures from Abu Ghraib , including the one with Leash Lady gleefully mocking the prisoner 's genitals .
Of the 7 soldiers charged with misconduct , 3 are female : PFC Lynndie England , Spc. Megan Ambuhl , and Spc. Sabrina Harman .
This time around , the ladies could n't blame their actions on the male power structure .
The prison was directed by Gen. Janis Karpinski .
And the top U.S. intelligence officer in Iraq was Major Gen. Barbara Fast .
So here was female barbarism and debauchery , all on full - frontal display in the newspapers .
It 's not an exaggeration to say that what passes for radical feminist discourse these days is sometimes hard to distinguish from a clinical state of hysteria , narcissism , and paranoia .
So who would have expected the awful pictures would trigger a round of remorseful introspection by feminist commentators ?
Mary Jo Melone of the St. Petersburg
Times starts off by admitting , " Feminism taught me 30 years ago that not only had women gotten a raw deal from men , we were morally superior to them . "
Melone scrolls through the usual litany of implausible explanations , and then finally laments , " Or am I just making excuses , unable to believe that women are incapable of this ? "
Writing for the Washington Post , Melissa Embser - Herbert voices similar angst : " In Abu Ghraib the tables are turned .
Men - men who have been characterized by many as evil , or at the least not to be trusted -- are on the receiving end .
And women , long held up by our society as a ' kinder , gentler ' class of persons , are engaging in abuse and humiliation . "
But it was Barbara Ehrenreich whose confession was least expected .
First toeing the feminist line that women are assumed to be " morally superior to men , " Ehrenreich is then forced to concede , " A certain kind of feminism . died in Abu Ghraib . "
Ehrenreich 's admission is notable because she is the most radical - left of the three writers .
Ehrenreich is an ardent socialist and allegedly serves as honorary chair of the Democratic Socialists of America .
The problem with the " women are morally superior " dogma is not just that it 's wrong .
The real danger is this belief is only a tiny nudge away from the outright gender bigotry that one often sees on feminist websites these days .
Evil is not a gendered phenomenon .
It 's just that men and women personify evil in different ways .
So it is refreshing to hear card - carrying feminists finally admit that sometimes women do act like mere mortals .
And those sins can not be blamed on men .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It ’s early 1960 , and the boys of Madison Avenue are in their glory years .
They ’re celebrated , well paid and , technically at least , happy — but far from content .
They gasp for air through cigarettes they inform the world are filled with tobacco that ’s “ toasted . ”
They baste their corporate wounds with 18 - year - old scotch , and lots of it .
For relief from their ritualized suburban marriages they turn to affairs with “ office gals ” who resent them and female clients who despise them .
They ’re talented white , privileged Christian men who are suffocating .
They rule an airless world that ’s killing them .
But they keep at it because their jobs , like the impending account for the Nixon presidential campaign , pay off like rigged slots .
Who were these guys ?
Matthew Weiner , creator of the TV series , described them as the men at the center of the U.S. economy , essential to commerce in war and peace .
“ When you can be that cynical about the machine and still be a part of it , ” Weiner told Variety , “ you have part of the definition of American character . ”
The second season of Mad Men , the best dramatic series now on television , opens on July 27 on the American Movie Channel .
( A DVD collection of the first season episodes was released in June ) .
When a dramatic series of this quality reaches U.S. television , it ’s such a rarity that it has to have a backstory of its own .
In 2004 , Weiner approached the producers of HBO ’s The Sopranos , and showed them an early version of Mad Men .
It was good enough for Sopranos producers to hire him on the spot .
They put him to work as a writer of the mob epic and as a supervising producer on thirty ( out of a total of 86 ) episodes .
Suddenly Weiner was working at the cutting edge of television , one of the rare dramatic narratives in the industry that was working free from network and advertising pressure and in which social criticism was actually valued .
When Sopranos wrapped , HBO decided against producing Mad Men and Weiner took it to AMC , which was then trying to revive its ratings with original programming .
The theme that runs through every scene of Weiner ’s series is the role of deception in the daily life of the U.S. , from the grinding insincerities of the workplace to the systematic mendacity that keeps “ the machine ” operating on a grand scale .
Weiner ’s America in 1960 is a place where bullshit is a principle of social organization .
Meanwhile , the society teeters on the brink of a catastrophically stupid war that will be sold as an advertising project now remembered as the Gulf of Tonkin provocation .
Weiner paints this world , the immediate predecessor to our own , with such tiny strokes of characterization and minimalist dialogue that each hour of narrative is self - contained and can easily be viewed on its own .
But it ’s necessary to see all of Mad Men to appreciate that this is a national portrait that penetrates to the backbone .
In the early episodes , the viewer is startled by unexpected details of memory of what it was like in the U.S. “ before ” — before women began to assert themselves , before casual anti-Semitism became unacceptable among Ivy Leaguers , before the rise of civil rights and gay pride — before everything .
Office spaces are dotted with puce and turquoise ash trays shaped like internal organs ; overhead lighting blinks out of stamped plastic baffles ; female office workers move stiffly in crayon - colored wool dresses and men ’s haircuts and suits are razored to a military stiffness .
And always , everywhere ( you can almost smell it ) .
mass - market cologne cutting through the reek of booze and smoke .
When the cracks in this world start to appear , they come as shafts of light from another world — from the future that is our recent past .
The light is most often cast by a woman struggling to make changes .
Office secretary Peggy ( Elizabeth Moss ) refuses to play the victim after a quick fling .
She shows a gift for writing advertising copy that derives almost miraculously from her sincerity and refusal to treat other human beings like objects .
Peggy is young , naïve and talented — and doomed .
She watches wide - eyed as her work is stolen , gratefully runs to fetch ice for the scotch and worries about how to provide alibis to inquiring wives when the admen husbands return to the office after a long lunch , “ greasy and calm . ”
Like the suburban wives , we can see her gathering energy for a rebellion even before she is aware of it herself .
Another shaft comes in the rebellion of the wives , led by the luminous actress January Jones , in a story line promised to pay off in the new season .
Another comes from a bohemian woman ( a hipster but not yet a hippie ) who rolls a joint and offers it to Don Draper , the principal Mad Man ( Jon Hamm ) , who is emotionally a banked bed of hot coals .
She tenderly hands it to him after refusing to let him sweep her off her feet with an expensive and lascivious weekend in Paris to be bought with a large bonus check .
Her refusal — she just wants him for his body , she implies sweetly — demoralizes him .
He signs over the check , stuffs it in the neck of her blouse and drives home to the dark house in the suburbs where his family is sleeping .
He wakes his four - year - old son .
“ Ask me anything , ” the ad man pleads .
“ I wo n’t lie to you . ”
When the boy complains that he ’s tired , Draper presses him : “ Ask me ! ”
The boy , weakly : “ Why do lady bugs light up ? ” Draper ’s coals collapse into ash .
How can a narrative intentionally so elusive be so riveting ?
Maybe it ’s the effort required to keep track of everything through the physical pleasure of observing it .
It demands that the viewer toggle back and forth continuously between the past and the present , to become a witness to small acts of courage planted like seeds by people who are now remote from us in time and sensibility but so recent that in some sense they still are us .
Or we are still them , the latest revised edition .
We are reminded again and again :
This is what things were like in 1960 and what they could be like again — or worse .
As a genre , this feels like something new .
It ’s not historical fiction , exactly ; it ’s more like historical science fiction , a world in which time bends out in all directions and flows back to the viewer as an explanation of how things have gone so terribly wrong .
How propaganda as thick as tobacco smoke still hangs on in an airless world that ’s killing the rest of us .
Meet the Beagles : Open Source Computing
Get your hands in technology 's guts and control your development destiny with these credit - card sized , low - power , open - hardware computers .
Experiment with Debian Linux , Android and more and jump - start development in minutes .
Dive into the Beagle community to explore what Beagles can do .
What can yours do ?
What is BeagleBone® AI ?
Built on the proven BeagleBoard.org® open source Linux approach , BeagleBone ®
AI fills the gap between small SBCs and more powerful industrial computers .
Based on the Texas Instruments AM5729 , developers have access to the powerful SoC with the ease of BeagleBone ® Black header and mechanical compatibility .
BeagleBone ® AI makes it easy to explore how artificial intelligence ( AI ) can be used in everyday life via the TI C66x digital - signal - processor ( DSP ) cores and embedded - vision - engine ( EVE ) cores supported through an optimized TIDL machine learning OpenCL API with pre-installed tools .
Focused on everyday automation in industrial , commercial and home applications .
Processor : Texas Instruments Sitara AM5729 Dual Arm® Cortex® - A15 microprocessor subsystem
2 C66 x floating - point VLIW DSPs
2.5MB of on - chip L3 RAM
2x dual Arm® Cortex® - M4 co-processors
4x Embedded Vision Engines ( EVEs )
2x dual - core Programmable Real - Time Unit and Industrial Communication SubSystem ( PRU - ICSS )
2D - graphics accelerator ( BB2D ) subsystem
Dual - core PowerVR ® SGX544  3D GPU
IVA - HD subsystem ( 4 K @ 15 fps encode and decode support for H.264 , 1080p60 for others )
more ... Board Feature Highlights BeagleBone Black mechanical and header compatibility
1GB RAM and 16GB on - board eMMC flash with high - speed interface
USB type - C for power and superspeed dual - role controller ; and USB type - A host
Gigabit Ethernet , 2.4/5GHz
WiFi , and Bluetooth
microHDMI
Zero - download out - of - box software experience with Debian GNU / Linux
Helpful Projects Debian
Explore the Linux distribution shipping with Rev C BeagleBone Black , customized with Cloud9 IDE to run JavaScript , Python , C , Ruby and more programs right out of the box Octoscroller and LEDscape
Drive huge numbers of LEDs using the on - board PRU microcontrollers on BeagleBone Black and an interface for building graphics with Python and other high - level languages
BeagleBoy
Use this project to seamlessly turn your BeagleBone Black into a handheld gaming console that supports a variety of classic video games BeagleSNES
Transform BeagleBone Black or BeagleBoard - xM into an embedded appliance that plays Super Nintendo games SensorCape
Measure just about anything by making the SensorCape , an expansion board that adds a myriad or sensors to your BeagleBone or BeagleBone Black
Infowars
August 11 , 2008
Fabled Enemies is unlike any 9/11 documentary ever put together .
Rather than focusing on the physical anomalies at the World Trade Center and Pentagon , this film follows the intelligence ties of Osama Bin Laden , the alleged hijackers , and those who were actually detained on 9/11 .
The movie delves deeply into the roles of seperate Nations that were involved in supporting the 9/11 attacks .
From Israel to Saudi Arabia to Pakistan , and even the United States itself , no one is spared in this scathing expose that pulls no punches .
Sit back and get ready to learn how members of the FBI had their investigations into Bin Laden obstructed and shut down , how the hijackers were trained at US bases , that military drills crippled our defense and facilitated the attacks , how the Shadow Government was actually activated that day , and much much more .
Join Alex Jones productions and Jason Bermas one of the creators of Loose Change , in his Directorial debut on September 1st , as he loads new ammo for the Infowar .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This article is a runner up in the general public category of the Plus new writers award 2008
" The universe , which others call the Library , is composed of an indefinite and perhaps infinite number of hexagonal galleries ... "
Thus begins The Library of Babel , a short story by the Argentinean writer Jorge Luis Borges .
Later on , he recalls that " Like all men of the Library , I have travelled in my youth ; I have wandered in search of a book , perhaps the catalogue of catalogues . "
And he adds , " There are five shelves for each of the hexagon 's walls ; each shelf contains thirtyfive books of uniform format ; each book is of four hundred and ten pages ; each page , of forty lines , each line , of some eighty letters ... "
Sergey Brin , one of the two founders of Google .
Image courtesy James Duncan Davidson / O'Reilly Media , Inc. Reproduced under Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 .
Perhaps Borges was anticipating in his portentous library the vastness of the World Wide Web , and longing for the perfect librarian who could resolve the despair of a search .
Alas , Borges died in 1986 , three years before Tim Berners - Lee , working at the European Organization for Nuclear Research , launched the idea of the Web as an information conglomerate .
Another nine years had to pass until in 1998 two graduate students at Stanford University , Sergei Brin and Larry Page , published The Anatomy of a Large - Scale Hypertextual Web Search Engine , where they introduced Google and revolutionised the design of Web search engines .
As Brin and Page tell in their article , google is a common spelling for googol , the name of the impossibly large number 10100 .
There is no doubt that Google , the search engine , and Google , the company , have both lived up to the expectations of their name .
A single number can give us the proof :
25,000,000,000 .
This was the estimated market value of the company , in dollars , when it went public in 2004 , and it is the approximate number of documents ranked by Google .
Larry Page , one of the two founders of Google .
Image courtesy aweigend .
Reproduced under Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 .
For the sake of brevity , we will concentrate on how Google decides the relative importance of a page , ignoring all other aspects .
But we must not forget that before doing any ranking , a Web search engine has to identify the public pages and it has to index them , so key words or phrases can be found easily .
The importance of being connected
Google judges the importance of a page on the basis of the importance of the pages linked to it .
In this simple principle resides much of Google 's success .
Rather than using word of mouth , expert advice or other human interventions , Google lets the Web do the ranking , using the Web 's own linking structure .
The alert reader might have noticed the troubling fact that our stated criterion did not really define what importance is .
It merely referred the importance of one page to the importance of other pages .
So , we ask now , how does Google quantify this notion of importance ?
Although the full story of what Google does is not quite known , here is the gist of it : if the page has a total of , say , 10 links to other pages , among them the page , then will transfer one tenth of its importance to .
Now suppose that the pages that link to page are , , etc , up to page
These pages are called the back links of .
Write , , etc , for the importance of the pages , , etc .
In the same way , write , , etc , for the total number of links on page , , etc .
Then we can work out the importance of page as
So the importance of the pageis a weighted sum of the importance of its back links .
To make more apparent how this formula works for a whole web , first label all the pages in the web by , , , etc .
Now build an array of numbers , in which the entry corresponding to the row and column is
if pagehas a link to pageand 0 if it does n't .
For example , the mini web
has the array
Here the second entry in the first row is 1 / 2 becauselinks toand has a total of two links .
The array for
is
This array is called the link matrix of the web .
For a web withpages it has exactlyrows andcolumns .
Now let 's pretend for a moment that we know the importance of each page and collect this information in a vector
of length .
An area of mathematics called linear algebra tells us how to multiply a matrix by a vector .
The result is also a vector .
And it turns out that the product of our link matrixand the importance vectoris equal to ... the vectoritself !
In other words we have ( See here for an easy explanation . )
This is independent of the nature and size of the web , and of the actual values in the vector it always works because of the way we have defined them in general terms .
And here comes the crucial bit : linear algebra also provides the tools to solve the matrix equation
to find the vectorwhenis known andis not .
It 's linear algebra , rather than human assessment , that teases the importance of each page out of the web 's link structure .
The property that is mathematically described by saying that the importance vector is an eigenvector of the link matrix , with eigenvalue 1 .
( In general , a vector is an eigenvector of with eigenvalue , if multiplied by produces the vector with each entry multiplied by . )
Going back to our first mini web , the eigenvector we are looking for turns out to be
So , Google tells us that the first page is half as important as the other three pages , which are equally ranked .
This is not a conclusion we could have drawn by just staring at our mini web , and it signals how cryptic the transference of importance between pages can be .
But in the end , all that counts is Google 's ability to turn out the good stuff at the top of the list .
We should point out here that the equation remains true if we multiply each entry of the vector by some number .
This means that there are infinitely many eigenvectors of eigenvalue 1 .
It is customary to choose the only one whose entries add up to 1 , as is the case in our example here .
The zero vector always satisfies the above equation , but it will not give us any information about the relative importance of the pages .
Therefore we always look for a non -zero eigenvector .
Problem rankings
Much remains to be said and done if instead of our mini web we are dealing with the real Web .
Finding the eigenvectors of a matrix with 25,000,000,000 rows and columns is a tremendous task .
There is not much hope for finding these eigenvectors in a reasonable time , and instead one aims at capturing good enough approximations .
Other mathematical techniques are brought into this effort .
We will not dwell in the details , because more challenges lie ahead .
You see , so far we have taken for granted that if we put enough mathematics to work , we will be able to find exactly one solution to our problem .
But this might not be true , regardless of the size of the web .
Disconnected webs , such as
are bad news .
The link matrix
has two eigenvectors with eigenvalue 1 that are not multiples of each other , for exampleand .
Here it is not possible to find a unique importance vector .
The disconnection of this web is reflected in the block structure of the link matrix .
It has two sub-matrices
in the upper left corner , andin the lower right corner .
Both of these submatrices have eigenvectors with eigenvalue 1 .
The vectoris an eigenvector for the first submatrix , whileis an eigenvector for the second .
Filling in with zeros , we obtain the eigenvectorsandfor the full link matrix .
It is not surprising that a disconnected web will not have a well defined importance vector , because in our scheme of things , it does not make much sense to compare pages that are not linked at all .
In spite of this problem , Google still manages to come up with a sensible solution .
It does it by creating a new matrix that combines the original link matrix and the matrix for which all the entries are equal to 1/5 ( because there are 5 pages in our web ) .
The new matrix is calculated as
for some numberbetween 0 and 1 .
This means " multiply all entries ofbyand all entries ofbyand then add the corresponding entries of the two matrices " .
The choicebrings us back to the original link matrix , whilegives us , the link matrix for a web where each of the five pages is a back link for all the pages :
Google does not publicise its recent choices for , but it is known that in the past it has used the value , which gives us the combined matrix
This matrix does have eigenvectors of eigenvalue 1 that are , approximately , all the non-zero multiples of the vector .
This means that the importance vector is now uniquely defined .
Another problem that might arise is that the link matrix has no non-zero eigenvectors at all .
This can occur when there are dangling pages , which do not have any back links .
But thankfully , linear algebra provides the techniques for dealing with these cases too .
In the real Web , one would have to keep track of both , dangling pages and disconnected pages .
All the steps we have described , together with its modifications and more , constitute the so - called PageRank algorithm .
We can think of it as a mathematical evaluation of the Web .
Google runs its PageRank algorithm monthly , counteracting in this way the ever changing nature of the Web .
I do not want to leave you with the idea that Google is the only path to a rewarding Web search .
Other successful search engines do exist , but Google still enjoys a lion 's share of the market , inspiring millions of fans to search the Web with confidence .
One of these fans , the cartoonist Gerry Trudeau , describes Google as " the Swiss Army knife of information retrieval " .
About the author
Josefina ( Lolina ) Alvarez was born in Spain .
She earned a doctorate in mathematics from the University of Buenos Aires in Argentina , and is currently a professor of mathematics at New Mexico State University in the United States .
Her research interests lie in the areas of functional and harmonic analysis .
She is on the editorial board of Matematicalia and writes the column
What if ...?.
She likes to hike , and with husband Larry and dogs Brandywine and Sofia , she has walked many kilometres along the beautiful trails of New Mexico and elsewhere .
You can read more about her on her website .
Plus would like to thank the London Mathematical Society and the Maths , Stats and Operational Research Network , as well as the journal Nature for their kind support of this competition .
June 28 , 2000
Bush Would Use Power of Persuasion to Raise Oil Supply
By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE
" I would work with our friends in OPEC to convince them to open up the spigot , to increase the supply , " Mr. Bush , the presumptive Republican candidate for president , told reporters here today .
" Use the capital that my administration will earn , with the Kuwaitis or the Saudis , and convince them to open up the spigot . "
Implicit in his comments was a criticism of the Clinton administration as failing to take advantage of the good will that the United States built with Kuwait and Saudi Arabia during the Persian Gulf war in 1991 .
Also implicit was that as the son of the president who built the coalition that drove the Iraqis out of Kuwait , Mr. Bush would be able to establish ties on a personal level that would persuade oil - producing nations that they owed the United States something in return .
" Ours is a nation that helped Kuwait and the Saudis , and you 'd think we'd have the capital necessary to convince them to increase the crude supplies , " he said .
Asked why the Clinton administration had not been able to use the power of personal persuasion , Mr. Bush said : " The fundamental question is , ' Will I be a successful president when it comes to foreign policy ? ' "
He went on to suggest , as he did in answer to other questions , that voters should simply trust him .
" I will be , " he said in answer to his own question about whether he would be a successful president .
" But until I 'm the president , it 's going to be hard for me to verify that I think I 'll be more effective . "
Mr. Bush made his comments in a news conference here after a brief meeting with participants in a local private welfare - to - work program .
This was his only public event of the day , which began with a fund - raising breakfast in New York that raised $ 3 million , private meetings with the editorial boards of The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal , and then , after his news conference , ended with a private meeting with financial contributors at the Masco Corporation in Taylor , Mich .
Accompanying Mr. Bush was the Michigan governor , John Engler , a Republican .
Mr. Bush jokingly pre-empted a question about his vice - presidential selection process by saying Mr. Engler was on his short list and then adding : " What do you expect me to say ?
He 's standing right here . "
On a more serious note , Mr. Bush said that he had disagreed with the Supreme Court 's 7 - to - 2 ruling on Monday that upheld the reading of Miranda warnings to criminal suspects .
" We should never undermine the right of a person arrested to have their rights read to them , " he said .
" I did believe , though , that voluntary confessions should be allowed without a Miranda reading .
The court did n't agree with my position .
I 'm now going to uphold the law . "
As for how he would handle the rise in gasoline prices , he said he would not use the strategic petroleum reserves , saving them for a national emergency .
He also said he did not support a repeal of the federal gasoline tax of more than 18 cents a gallon , saying he was worried about what effect that would have on the transportation budgets of the states .
Mr. Bush said that the news on Monday that projections of the federal budget surplus were up to $ 4.2 trillion only confirmed his own earlier estimates .
He said he did not expect to increase the size of his proposed tax cut -- $ 1.3 trillion over 10 years -- just because more money might be available .
" I 'm pleased with the way my plan now sits , " he said .
" Things may change over time . "
He brushed off President Clinton 's proposal , driven by the new surplus estimates , that he would accept a Republican proposal to cut the marriage tax penalty in exchange for the inclusion of a prescription drug benefit in Medicare .
" In terms of horse - trading with the Congress , it 's up to the president and the Congress , " Mr. Bush said .
He was also asked to respond to remarks made this morning by Chris Lehane , press secretary to Vice President Al Gore , to reporters in Philadelphia .
Mr. Lehane had criticized Republicans , and Senator Arlen Specter , Republican of Pennsylvania , in particular , for releasing reports last week that a Justice Department official had called for a special prosecutor to investigate Mr. Gore 's fund - raising activities .
Mr. Lehane said that the Republicans were " turning the U.S. Congress into a scandal - industrial complex " and that Mr. Bush was " the C.E.O. " of that .
Mr. Bush dismissed Mr. Lehane 's comments , saying , " It 's frankly the type of politics people in America are sick of , this kind of finger pointing , calling names and trying to divert attention . "
He returned to the subject after a subsequent question about how he would court independent voters in Michigan .
He said he would " make the case that I 'm the person that can change the tone of Washington , D.C. , " and added , " Just give me a chance to be the president . "
The final tallies are in : Thanks to Jonathan Franzen , some local musicians and a band -- but apparently not Hair Balls , even though we did our part -- San Francisco's
will be donating 276 recycling bins to the hapless city of Houston .
It 's been a tough road -- see here , here , here and here .
But eventually the walls of bureaucracy came crumbling down in the face of self - satisfied preening .
In honor of the recipient of their largesse , a cover band at the event sang " Dirty Old Town , " a song made famous by The Pogues .
But we prefer the excerpt from one of the readers at the standing - room - only event :
Ali Wong cried : “ Oh Progressive Reading Series , you ’re all so serious .
Girls with bangs and glasses , Rainbow Grocery employees smelling of hummus and privilege ! ”
We could n't have said it better .
Stephen Elliott , the man behind it all , wrote up the night for the Huffington Post .
Look hard , reader , for any mention of us ; you 'll be looking in vain .
And I already have a recycling bin , so I wo n't be getting any of that booty either .
-- Richard Connelly
An international team of researchers led by Monash University has used chemicals found in plants to replicate a key process in photosynthesis paving the way to a new approach that uses sunlight to split water into hydrogen and oxygen .
The breakthrough could revolutionise the renewable energy industry by making hydrogen - touted as the clean , green fuel of the future - cheaper and easier to produce on a commercial scale .
Professor Leone Spiccia , Mr Robin Brimblecombe and Dr Annette Koo from Monash University teamed with Dr Gerhard Swiegers at the CSIRO and Professor Charles Dismukes at Princeton University to develop a system comprising a coating that can be impregnated with a form of manganese , a chemical essential to sustaining photosynthesis in plant life .
" We have copied nature , taking the elements and mechanisms found in plant life that have evolved over 3 billion years and recreated one of those processes in the laboratory , " Professor Spiccia said .
" A manganese cluster is central to a plant 's ability to use water , carbon dioxide and sunlight to make carbohydrates and oxygen .
Man -made mimics of this cluster were developed by Professor Charles Dismukes some time ago , and we 've taken it a step further , harnessing the ability of these molecules to convert water into its component elements , oxygen and hydrogen , " Professor Spiccia said .
" The breakthrough came when we coated a proton conductor , called Nafion , onto an anode to form a polymer membrane just a few micrometres thick , which acts as a host for the manganese clusters . "
" Normally insoluble in water , when we bound the catalyst within the pores of the Nafion membrane , it was stabilised against decomposition and , importantly , water could reach the catalyst where it was oxidised on exposure to light . "
This process of " oxidizing " water generates protons and electrons , which can be converted into hydrogen gas instead of carbohydrates as in plants .
" Whilst man has been able to split water into hydrogen and oxygen for years , we have been able to do the same thing for the first time using just sunlight , an electrical potential of 1.2 volts and the very chemical that nature has selected for this purpose , " Professor Spiccia said
Testing revealed the catalyst assembly was still active after three days of continuous use , producing oxygen and hydrogen gas in the presence of water , an electrical potential and visible light .
Professor Spiccia said the efficiency of the system needed to be improved , but this breakthrough had huge potential .
" We need to continue to learn from nature so that we can better master this process . "
" Hydrogen has long been considered the ideal clean green fuel , energy - rich and carbon - neutral .
The production of hydrogen using nothing but water and sunlight offers the possibility of an abundant , renewable , green source of energy for the future for communities across the world . "
###
The research is published this month in the scientific journal Angewandte Chemie , International Edition .
For more information please contact
Professor Leone Spiccia on +61 3 9905 4526 or mobile 0421 815 363 or Samantha Blair , Media & Communications on +61 3 9903 4841
The assassination was over in a few seconds .
In the photograph of that moment , Bobby Kennedy , his eyes open and glazed , lies on his back on a hotel pantry floor , his head cradled by a busboy dressed starkly in white - a tableau that seems almost angelic were it not so brutal .
Less than 26 hours after being shot early on June 5 , 1968 , right after winning the California presidential primary , Kennedy was dead .
He was 42 .
Three major assassinations rocked America in the 1960s .
Two of the assassins - Lee Harvey Oswald , the killer of John F. Kennedy , and James Earl Ray , who shot Martin Luther King Jr. - are dead .
But Sirhan Sirhan , convicted of killing Robert F. Kennedy 40 years ago this week in the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles , is living out his days in the California state prison at Corcoran .
He is 64 and has never fully explained what happened that night other than to say he can't remember it .
Sirhan was a seemingly unremarkable man .
He was a Palestinian who was raised in the Middle East until he was 12 , when his family settled in Southern California .
Before the Kennedy assassination , he held a series of menial jobs and at one point worked at the Santa Anita racetrack and had hoped to be a jockey .
After Los Angeles police found his diary , in which he had written , " RFK must die , " investigators concluded that he was angry about Kennedy 's support for Israel and somehow had tied the assassination date - he wrote that Kennedy must be killed " before 5 June 68 " - to the one - year anniversary of the Six - Day War .
Open and shut
Los Angeles police , who declined Monday to comment on their investigation , deemed the assassination an open - and - shut case - Sirhan did it by himself .
Independent investigators who have looked at the case over the years , however , suggest otherwise .
" The interesting thing is how under - examined the Robert Kennedy assassination is , compared to President Kennedy and Martin Luther King Jr. , " said David Talbot of San Francisco , author of " Brothers , " a book that looks into Robert Kennedy 's own investigation into his brother 's death and his conviction that JFK was the victim of a conspiracy .
" Bobby remains the unknown territory , " Talbot said .
" But even if you look at it minimally , there are questions that come to mind . "
Among them :
-- Sirhan fired his .
22 - caliber revolver from a few feet in front of Kennedy , according to police , yet Los Angeles County coroner Thomas Noguchi reported that the fatal shot was fired less than one inch from Kennedy 's head , behind his right ear .
Of the four shots fired at Kennedy , all came from the rear .
None of this was raised at Sirhan 's trial because his defense was based on the theory that he suffered from " diminished capacity " rather than on any challenge of prosecutors ' evidence .
-- Sirhan 's revolver held eight rounds ; a radio reporter 's tape recording of the shooting has sounds of what one audio expert describes as 13 shots .
Sirhan never had a chance to reload before bystanders tackled him .
Two of the sounds on the tape are what forensic experts call " double shots , " which means two shots so close together that they could n't have come from the same revolver .
-- Several witnesses saw a security guard just behind Kennedy draw his revolver , and one reported seeing him fire it .
--
Over the years , Sirhan has told investigators who interviewed him in prison that he was in a hypnotic trance during the shooting and can't remember it at all .
He said he could not remember writing , " RFK must die . "
He did not respond to an interview request for this story .
Night of celebration
On the night Kennedy was killed , the hotel ballroom was filled with supporters celebrating his victory in the California primary and looking to the Democratic convention in Chicago .
The last thing Kennedy said from the ballroom podium , just after midnight , was , " My thanks to all of you , and now it 's on to Chicago , and let 's win there . "
In the pantry , as Kennedy moved through the crowd , he was surrounded by friends , including Paul Schrade of the United Auto Workers , labor chairman for Kennedy 's campaign .
" All of a sudden , I got hit in the head by a bullet , " Schrade said .
" I shook violently .
I thought I was being electrocuted .
When I came to , I was on the floor . "
Schrade was one of five people besides Kennedy who were hit by bullets .
For the past 33 years , he has been investigating the shooting .
Mystery bullet hole
Unlike the JFK assassination , which created an outdoor crime scene in Dallas sprawling from the grassy knoll to the Texas School Book Depository , the shooting of Robert Kennedy happened in a confined space .
Stray bullets ended up buried in walls and the ceiling , where they could be tracked down .
In photos , police investigators can be seen circling what they later said was a bullet hole in a ceiling panel , behind where Sirhan fired .
For Sirhan to have shot into that panel , he would have had to " either turn around or the bullet would have to have made a U - turn , " said Philip Van Praag , a retired electrical engineer and audio expert who co-authored a book about the case .
Then there was the mystery of the woman in the polka dot dress .
According to witness Sandra Serrano , the woman fled from the hotel kitchen with an unidentified man , shouting , " We shot him , we shot him . "
When a bystander asked who got shot , the woman said , " We shot Kennedy . "
Other witnesses reported seeing the woman , though it is not clear whether they heard the comment .
In a new film about the assassination , " RFK Must Die , " Irish documentary maker Shane O'Sullivan asked Serrano about what happened later .
She said Los Angeles police spent hours trying to convince her she was wrong in what she saw , and she finally gave in .
Forty years later , however , she told O'Sullivan that her original version was correct .
' I do n't remember '
In fact , the iconic polka dot dress is also something fixed in the mind of Sirhan himself .
William Turner , a retired FBI agent who wrote a book about the case , says he interviewed Sirhan in prison in 1975 .
" He told me , ' I do n't remember anything after the woman in the polka dot dress asked me for coffee , and heavy on the cream and sugar , ' " said Turner , who lives in San Rafael .
" He said he had amnesia from that time until he was overpowered in the pantry after the shots were fired .
He said , ' I must have done it , but I do n't remember . ' "
Turner thinks Sirhan was " hypno- programmed to shoot " and that he was a real - life Manchurian Candidate - the fictional brainwashed dupe whose controllers want to assassinate a presidential candidate .
Turner suspects the same villains as do the JFK conspiracy theorists - " organized crime and , predominantly , people from the CIA . "
Van Praag and a fellow investigator , former American Academy of Forensic Scientists president Robert Joling , do n't subscribe to any one conspiracy theory , but they are convinced more than one gunman was involved .
The two have written a book about the killing , whose title , " An Open and Shut Case , " is a dig at the police investigation .
Van Praag , a former senior instructor in commercial audio - video systems for Ampex Corp. , analyzed a tape recording of the killing made by a Polish radio reporter .
He said he heard 13 shots over five seconds and was able to isolate the sounds well enough to say that two different weapons were firing during those five seconds .
Guard passed polygraph
One of those weapons , according to the documentary , " Conspiracy Test : The RFK Assassination , " which ran on the Discovery Times Channel a year ago , could have been held by Thane Eugene Cesar , the security guard who was near Kennedy .
Dan Moldea , who wrote a book , " The Killing of Robert F. Kennedy : An Investigation of Motive , Means and Opportunity , " said he thought for years that " Cesar had done it . "
But in 1987 he persuaded Cesar to undergo a polygraph examination that the former guard " passed with flying colors , " Moldea said .
" He 's being accused of murder all over the place , " Moldea said , adding that he is now Cesar 's protector and would be willing to " bring him forward " if authorities ever reopen the case .
In fact , reopening the case is not a far - fetched idea .
Joling says an " independent panel of forensic scientists " should be created to " reinvestigate this matter on all the evidence . "
The case " should be resolved in a truthful , factual and honest presentation , " he said .
" Let the chips fall where they may .
That way , at least , the American people will know that somebody without a stake in the outcome made this finding . "
For millennia , humans and viruses have been locked in an evolutionary back - and - forth -- one changes to outsmart the other , prompting the second to change and outsmart the first .
With retroviruses , which work by inserting themselves into their host 's DNA , the evidence remains in our genes .
Last year , researchers at Rockefeller University and the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center brought an ancient retrovirus back to life and showed it could reproduce and infect human cells .
Now , the same scientists have looked at the human side of the story and found evidence that our ancestors fought back against that virus with a defense mechanism our bodies still use today .
" This is the first time that we 've been able to take an ancient retrovirus and analyze how it interacts with host defense mechanisms in the laboratory in the present day , " says Paul Bieniasz , who is an associate professor and head of the Laboratory of Retrovirology at Rockefeller and a scientist at the Aaron Diamond AIDS Research Center .
Bieniasz and graduate student Youngnam Lee took their resurrected virus , called HERV-K , tested its strength against molecules involved in human antiviral defense .
Bieniasz , who also is an investigator at the Howard Hughes Medical Institute , and Lee found that , at least in the laboratory , human cells infected with HERV-K fought back with several antiviral proteins .
One of those proteins , called APOBEC3G , leaves a tell - tale signature behind :
It mutates virus DNA in a recognizable pattern and is one our cells use to attack modern retroviruses .
" But this is the first time it 's been shown for this ancient retrovirus , " Bieniasz says .
Once the scientists found that modern human cells attacked HERV-K with this molecule , they went back to look at the " fossil evidence , " remnants of the virus that still remain in our genes and that the researchers had previously used to reconstruct it .
What emerged were two copies of HERV-K that had clearly been mutated , and thus inactivated , by the APOBEC3G protein .
" We 're looking at things that happened millions and millions of years ago , " says Lee .
" But these sorts of ancient interactions may have influenced how humans are able to combat these retroviruses today .
These proteins help protect us against current retroviruses . "
Indeed , HERV-K may well have helped to shape the modern APOBEC3G defense .
The earlier study and this one provide two sides of the evolutionary coin : the infectious agent , and the host defense .
" Retroviruses are able to infect us and leave remnants in our DNA , and our DNA also holds evidence of what we 've done to them in return , " Lee says .
" It 's an illustration of the fight between host and virus . "
Vast farms of solar panels in the Sahara desert could provide clean electricity for the whole of Europe , according to EU scientists working on a plan to pool the region 's renewable energy .
Harnessing the power of the desert sun is at the centre of ambitious scheme to build a € 45 bn ( £ 35.7 bn )
European supergrid that would allow countries across the continent to share electricity from abundant green sources such as wind energy in the UK and Denmark and geothermal energy from Iceland and Italy .
The idea is gaining growing political support in Europe with both Gordon Brown and Nicholas Sarkozy recently giving backing to the north African solar plan .
Speaking today at the Euroscience Open Forum in Barcelona , Arnulf Jaeger - Walden of the European commission 's Institute for Energy , said it would require the capture of just 0.3 % of the light falling on the Sahara and Middle Eastern deserts to provide all of Europe 's energy needs .
In addition , because the sunlight in this area is more intense , solar photovoltaic ( PV ) panels in northern Africa could generate up to three times the electricity compared with similar panels in northern Europe .
Jaeger - Walden explained how electricity produced in solar farms in Africa , each containing power plants generating around 50 - 200MW of power , could be fed thousands of miles across European countries by using high - voltage direct current transmission lines instead of the traditional alternating current lines .
Energy losses on DC lines are far lower than AC ones where transmission of energy over long distances is uneconomic .
" If you look at solar radiation , then the Mediterranean region is a very favourable one , " said Jaeger - Walden .
He said that the proposed grid was a way to balance out the intermittencies of renewable energy : " If you can connect the grid to hydro power , you 've got that as a backup battery , and in addition there 's wind .
It 's not a single source that 's providing the energy but a combination of the different renewable energies . "
Conveniently the potential to generate solar energy , either from photovoltaic cells , or by using it to heat water , is at its highest exactly when there is peak demand .
" Between 11 am and 1 pm – there are a lot of cooking activities going on , people are going home , air conditioners are used , " he said .
The idea of developing solar farms in the Mediterranean region and north Africa was given a boost recently by French president Nicholas Sarkozy earlier this month when he highlighted solar farms in north Africa as a key part of the work of his newly - formed Mediterranean Union .
Depending on the size of the grid , building the necessary high voltage lines across Europe could cost up to € 1bn a year every year till 2050 but Jaeger - Walden pointed out that the figure was small when compared to a recent prediction by the International Energy Agency that the world needs to invest more than $ 45 tr ( £ 22.5tr ) in energy systems over the next 30 years .
Much of the cost would come in developing the public grid networks of connecting countries in the southern Mediterranean , which do not currently have the spare capacity to carry the electricity that the north African solar farms could generate .
" Even if high voltage cables between North Africa and Italy would be built or the existing cable between Morocco and Spain would be used , the infrastructure of the transfer countries such as Italy , Spain , Greece and Turkey also needs a major restructuring , " said Jaeger - Walden .
Scientists working on the project admit that it would take many years and huge investment to generate enough solar energy from north Africa to power Europe but envisage that by 2050 it could produce 100 GW , more than the the combined electricity output from all sources in the UK , with an investment of around € 450bn .
Doug Parr , Greenpeace UK 's chief scientist , welcomed the proposals .
" Assuming it 's cost - effective , a large scale renewable energy grid is just the kind of innovation we need if we 're going to beat climate change .
Europe needs to become a zero- carbon society as soon as possible , and that will only happen with bold new ideas like this one .
Tinkering with 20th - century technologies like coal and nuclear simply is n't going to get us there . "
Jaeger - Walden also believes that scaling up solar PV by having large solar farms could help bring its cost down for consumers .
" The biggest PV system at the moment is installed in Leipzig and the price of the installation is € 3.25 per watt .
If we could realise that in the Mediterranean , for example in southern Italy , this would correspond to electricity prices in the range of 15 cents per KWh , something below what the average consumer is paying . "
The vision for the renewable energy grid comes as the European Commission 's Joint Research Centre ( JRC ) published its strategic energy technology plan , highlighting solar PV as one of eight technologies that need to be championed for the short to medium term future .
" It recognises something extraordinary – if we do n't put together resources and findings across Europe and we let go the several sectors of energy , we will never reach these targets .
We need a coordination of research applied to different fields , " said Giovanni de Santi , director of the JRC , also speaking in Barcelona .
The JRC plan includes fuel cells and hydrogen , clean coal , second - generation biofuels , nuclear fusion , wind , nuclear fission and smart grids .
De Santi said it was designed to help Europe to meet its commitments to reduce overall energy consumption by 20 % by 2020 while reducing CO2 emissions by 20 % in the same time and increasing to 20 % the proportion of energy generated from renewable sources .
High - voltage transmission lines
First developed in the 1930s , High Voltage Direct Current ( HVDC ) transmission lines are seen as the most efficient way to move electricity over long without incurring the losses experienced in normal AC power lines .
HVDC cables can carry more power for the same thickness of cable compared with AC lines but are only suited to long - distance transmission because they require expensive devices called static inverters to convert the electricity , usually generated as AC , into DC .
Modern HVDC cables can keep energy losses down to around 3 % per 1,000 km .
Another advantage of HVDC is that it can be used as a link to transfer electricity between different countries that might use AC systems at differing frequencies .
Alternatively , the HVDC cables could be used to synchronise the AC currents produced by renewable energy sources such as wind turbine farms .
Dell has lost its bid to trademark the widely - used term “ cloud computing ” .
The computer giant had filed an application to trademark the phrase with the US Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) in March 2007 .
However , according to blogger Sam Johnston , Dell ’s application was officially rejected by the USPTO late last week .
In July the firm was told its request had reached the so - called “ notice of allowance ” .
Passing the " allowance " step in the trademark process had meant that opponents could no longer object to Dell 's claims .
At that point Dell might have been forgiven for thinking it was close to trademarking the cloud computing term .
Then , just last week , the company ’s attempt looked to have been scuppered by officials at the USPTO who had an apparent change of heart on the application .
It decided to cancel its " notice of allowance " on the Round Rock computer vendor 's attempt to master the popular IT buzzword , and instead returned Dell 's trademark application to show the case had " returned to examination " .
Now Dell has been officially denied by the USPTO .
Johnston wrote that US trademark wonks have declared cloud computing a “ generic ” term because its “ ‘ incapable of functioning as a source - identifier for applicant ’s services ’ .
This makes sense given that few of us think ' Dell ' when we think of ' cloud computing ' , even in this context . ”
Unfortunately , that decision does suggest the catch - all term will now continue to spread like wildfire among vendors keen to wrap their SaaS offerings in something fluffy . ®
For a university seminar I ’m currently writing a GUI program to view fractals based on simple iterated function systems ( only similaritudes allowed ) .
It supports three different drawing algorithms and you can edit the IFS by dragging squares around on the screen .
But this post is not about this program ( I might present it later ) , but how Haskell allowed me to solve a problem very nicely :
The first instances of the code had a problem that a lot of GUI programmers know :
The drawing of the fractal took quite some time , and during that time the gtk main loop is blocked and the program becomes unresponsive .
At first I avoided this problem by manually splitting the drawing function ( e.g. by repeatedly increasing the resolution ) and kept re-drawing it at higher resolutions in an idle handler , so at least I could interact whenever one resolution has finished drawing .
It worked somewhat but it was not easily done for the other , not pixel based , algorithms and it was ugly .
So I wanted a way to ( a ) pause the drawing at any convenient point , to resume it later , and ( b ) safely abort the drawing if what I ’m drawing has changed and I need to restart .
A common solution to this would be to do the drawing in a separate thread , so ( a ) is actually not needed , but I did not know if I can safely do ( b ) , and I have heard that threads cause problems with gtk .
So I tried to dig deeper for the hidden treasures of advanced haskell programming : I need a monad transformer !
I expected the infamous ContT monad transformer to help , but I could n’t figure out how , and I started to create my own monad transformer , called CoroutineT .
I tried to figure out what an action of type ( CoroutineT IO a ) should do , and I came up with this type signature :
pausingAction :: IO ( Either ( CoroutineT IO a ) a )
which means that after the pausingAction is done , it is Either paused ( and I get back another pausingAction to run when I want it ) , or it is done ( and I get the result ) .
Note that I ’m writing IO here , but it can be any monad .
The definition of the datatype and the monad instance came mostly from trying to make this type work ( yay to haskell ’s type system , less thinking required ) , and looks like this :
data CoroutineT m a = CoroutineT {unCoroutineT :: ( m ( Either ( CoroutineT m a ) a ) ) }
instance ( Monad m ) => Monad ( CoroutineT m ) where
return v = CoroutineT ( return ( Right v ) )
a >>= b = CoroutineT $ do
r <- unCoroutineT a
case r of
Left paused -> return $ Left ( paused >>= b)
Right unpaused -> unCoroutineT ( b unpaused )
This translates to english like this : A call to return is not paused .
When an action is already paused , further actions should be run after the paused action is resumed .
When an action is not paused , further actions can happen now .
Like every well behaving monad transfomer , I also need a " runCoroutineT " function to start the coroutine .
I probably could have used unCoroutineT directly , but for my use case ( GUI drawing ) I did not need a return value , so this function is more handy :
runCoroutineT :: Monad m => CoroutineT m ( ) -> m ( Maybe ( CoroutineT m ( ) ) )
runCoroutineT a = either ( Just ) ( const Nothing ) `liftM` unCoroutineT a
Nothing surprising here , basically just turning the Either into a Maybe .
So it becomes clear how to do ( b ) :
We can just throw away the resume action returned by runCoroutineT ( if any ) .
The more interesting thing is how we do ( a ) :
We need a pause action of type ( Coroutine m ( ) ) .
But how should it work ?
I did not really try to understand why it works , but by looking at the types , I came up with this :
pause :: Monad m => CoroutineT m ()
pause = CoroutineT ( return ( Left ( CoroutineT ( return ( Right ( ) ) ) ) ) )
Yes , it sounds like some dance step instructions ( read the second line out aloud ! ) , but it works somehow .
So here is some example code : I have a pausable IO action that counts from one to ten , pausing after each number .
I also have function that resumes an pausable action up to n times :
example n = keepGoingFor n $ do liftIO $ putStrLn " This is the coroutine " forM_ [ 1..10 ] $ \i -> do liftIO $ putStrLn $ " Counting to " ++ show i ++ " while you keep calling it " pause where -- keepGoing :: Monad m => CoroutineT m ( ) -> m () keepGoingFor 0 _ = putStrLn " Here I just abort the run " keepGoingFor n cor = do resume <- runCoroutineT cor case resume of Just runAgain -> keepGoingFor ( n - 1 ) runAgain Nothing -> putStrLn " Finally stopped "
And here is the output of two different runs :
* CouroutineT > example 5
This is the coroutine
Counting to 1 while you keep calling it
Counting to 2 while you keep calling it
Counting to 3 while you keep calling it
Counting to 4 while you keep calling it
Counting to 5 while you keep calling it
Here I just abort the run
* CouroutineT > example 14
This is the coroutine
Counting to 1 while you keep calling it
Counting to 2 while you keep calling it
Counting to 3 while you keep calling it
Counting to 4 while you keep calling it
Counting to 5 while you keep calling it
Counting to 6 while you keep calling it
Counting to 7 while you keep calling it
Counting to 8 while you keep calling it
Counting to 9 while you keep calling it
Counting to 10 while you keep calling it
Finally stopped
So it does really works fine , and it proved very useful in my GUI drawing problem .
For that , I created this nice control structure which works like mapM_ , but calls pause every n iterations , and therefore hides the pausing stuff almost completely :
pausingForM_ :: Monad m => Int -> [ a ] -> ( a -> CoroutineT m ( ) ) -> CoroutineT m ()
pausingForM_ period list action = pausing ' 0 list
where pausing ' _ [ ] = return ()
pausing ' n ( x : xs ) = do action x
if n==period then pause >> pausing ' 0 xs
else pausing ' ( n+1 ) xs
I have put the complete module ( including instances omitted here ) in the darcs repository that might later also contain the fractal drawing program .
“ She ’s pinpointing what ’s kind of obvious , and yet unexplored : that women are so fluid in their sexuality , ” one of the directors of “ Bi the Way , ” Josephine Decker , said at an after - party for the screening at a Russian - themed gay bar in Midtown .
Even in a culture that often cycles through moments of bisexual chic  Britney and Madonna , make way for Lindsay Lohan and Samantha Ronson ( photographed smooching in Cannes , France )  and despite survey data showing that young people , in particular , are open to sexual experimentation , bisexuality still tends to be treated as a novelty , a titillating fluke , a phase or even a cover for homosexuality .
Dr. Chivers herself was an author of a 2005 study using similar methods that found that men who called themselves bisexual were significantly more aroused by one gender , usually by men .
But women , some researchers say , are fundamentally different .
A University of Utah researcher , Lisa M. Diamond , published a study in January in the journal Developmental Psychology that followed the love lives of 79 nonheterosexual women who variously labeled themselves lesbian , bisexual or none - of - the - above .
Over 10 years , Dr. Diamond found , the women continued to be attracted to both sexes .
Women ’s response to images of coupling extends even to other species , Dr. Chivers found .
In a 2004 experiment , and again in the recent study , published in the December 2007 Journal of Personality and Social Psychology , Dr. Chivers and her colleagues found women slightly but significantly aroused by footage of bonobo chimps mating .
Men showed no such response .
And when Dr. Chivers asked her subjects to rate their own arousal to the videos they watched , the women , whether gay or straight , tended to give higher ratings to films showing women .
“ Heterosexual women are responding to women , which is counterintuitive , ” Dr. Chivers said .
“ Why are women so turned on by watching other women ? ” Straight and gay men , as well as lesbians , were more predictably aroused by images of their preferred sex , Dr. Chivers found .
It is tough to know what to make of this information .
Dr. Chivers makes no bold claims for it .
“ To conclude that women are bisexual on the basis of their sexual responding overlooks the complexity and multidimensionality of female sexuality , ” she wrote in her paper .
She did allow that the apparent flexibility of women “ may be related to greater potential for bisexuality in women than in men . ”
She wants the three to go to church on Sunday mornings - technically , when they are with Mr Meyer - but points out they are unlikely to do so if they are with their father , a member of an organisation calling itself the Church of Satan .
In the words of Calvin Coolidge :
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence .
Talent will not ; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent .
Genius will not ; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb .
Education will not ; the world is full of educated derelicts .
Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent .
The slogan “ Press On ” has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race .
Most successful people will tell you that they “ failed ” many times along the way .
The difference between them and the people who are struggling to get by is that the highly successful picked themselves up and tried again .
And again .
And again .
Dale Carnegie noted that , “ The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way . ”
So ask yourself this :
Do you want to be successful or mediocre ?
Here ’s what you can do now :
After you ’ve thought deeply about a big idea you can execute , and you ’ve verified just how sleepy your competition is , do n’t let anyone talk you out of charging ahead .
Pursuing big ideas requires persistence .
So do n’t give up when things do n’t go exactly as planned – stay the course and you will see ( big ) results !
Advertisements
A new report by Amnesty International found that contrary to the Bush / McCain rhetoric , the situation in Iraq remains too dire for the 4.7 million Iraqis who fled to return home .
“ While the U.S. government ’s rhetoric indicates otherwise , the human rights situation in Iraq remains too dire to encourage voluntary returns , ” said Sarnata Reynolds , Amnesty International USA ’s refugee program director .
The report found that Iraqis are being killed every month by People are being killed every month by armed groups , the Multinational Force , Iraqi security forces and private military and security guards .
The report points out that kidnappings , torture , ill - treatment and arbitrary detention are daily facts of life for Iraqis .
The problem is made worse by the policies of Jordan and Syria who are imposing visa restrictions on Iraqis .
Advertisements
“ Governments have done little or nothing to help Iraqi refugees and are failing in their moral , political and legal duties to share responsibility for them , ” said Amnesty International .
“ Instead , apathy and rhetoric have been the overwhelming response to one of the worst refugee crises in the world . ”
Many Iraqis are being forced into “ voluntarily ” returning to Iraq .
This is the side of the Iraq war that we in the United States are n’t told about .
Come to think of it , those of us in the United States are n’t shown or told anything about what is going on in Iraq .
When John McCain paints his rosy picture of Iraq , why is n’t he mentioning the 4.7 million refugees that the invasion of choice that he supports and wants to continue created ?
There is a whole other side to the situation in Iraq that we are n’t seeing .
Remember , that these 4.7 million Iraqis became refugees , not by their own actions , but by those of George W. Bush .
The refugee crisis in Iraq is another reason why the United States should be looking to foster peace instead of prolong the war .
This invasion has served only to build hate and contempt for the United States that will likely linger on long after the troops are gone .
Quotes came from here .
Video of the Iraqi refugee crisis
The energy capacity gap between gasoline and electrochemical storage systems has been a fundamental barrier to more widespread use of electric drive vehicles .
Gasoline has a practical energy storage capacity of about 2.7 kWh / Liter , Li-ion about 0.5 kWh / L. Zinc - air cells , another high - capacity electrochemical system , have a practical capacity of about 1.75 Wh/L according to Licht and his colleagues .
The new VB 2 system has a practical capacity of 5 kWh / L , they calculate .
A team of researchers led by Dr. Stuart Licht at the University of Massachusetts , Boston , has developed a vanadium boride ( VB 2 ) / air cell — a new renewable electrochemical energy system which stores more energy than gasoline and has an order of magnitude higher capacity than lithium - ion batteries .
A report on their work is published in the 28 July issue of the journal Chemical Communications .
Practical , compared to intrinsic , energy electrochemical capacity is limited by the delivered energy and system mass , incorporates all voltage losses , air cathode size , and all other cell components .
For example , the practical energy of a small , portable commercial zinc air cell exceeds 18 % of the intrinsic energy capacity , and can be higher in an optimized , large fuel cell configuration .
The relative practical capacity of the VB 2 / air cell can be estimated as similar to that of the well studied Zn / air system ( electrolytes and cathodes are similar ) .
Based on this analog , the practical vanadium boride fuel has a lower limit of 18 % of its intrinsic 27 kWh L - 1 , for an estimated vanadium boride air practical storage capacity of 5 kWh L - 1 . — Licht 2008
As in a zinc air cell , the vanadium boride cell reacts oxygen brought in via the cathode with the anode to produce electricity .
And also as in a zinc - air cell , the reaction is irreversible ; spent anodes need to be replaced in a “ refueling ” operation and chemically regenerated .
( Earlier post . )
The vanadium boride cells combine a conventional air cathode with a zirconia - stabilized vanadium boride anode .
Optimization of the vanadium boride air cell anode capacity as a function of the indicated anode composition , capacity , and discharge load conditions .
Click to enlarge .
Source : Licht 2008 .
The researchers used the zirconia coating to avoid issues such as boride corrosion , which can result in “ not only a chemical loss of the electrochemical capacity , but evolved hydrogen is flammable , and the evolved gas can swell or even crack a cell . ”
Zirconia is highly stable and maintains effective charge transfer during boride anodic discharge .
The researchers overcame a series of impediments to the effective discharge of the vanadium boride fuel cell and showed experimentally that they could realize substantial capacity of VB 2 .
( See plot at right . )
For regeneration of the anodes , Licht and his team proposed a solar photochemical pathway based on Mg reduction of the fuel cell discharge products .
The large volumetric capacity of the fuel cell , and the pathway for a renewable ( solar ) energy recharge , are positive attributes of this novel vanadium boride air cell .
Systems aspects will continue to be analyzed and optimized .
Liquid ( higher temperature , solar driven ) , rather than solid , Mg , should facilitate the recharge formation of VB 2 ... The discharge studies indicate that sub micron particle size VB 2 , as available following high energy ball milling , can further improve anodic kinetics and coulombic efficiency .
— Licht 2008
This material was based on work supported in part by the United States National Science Foundation , with research support to Stuart Licht while working at the Foundation .
Resources
Current News | Introduction | Colloidal Silver | Chemtrails | Sylphs | Emerging Diseases | Forbidden Cures | Ozone | Immunity Boosting | Nutrition | Tone Gen
Mind-Body Connection | Ozone | Bioelectrification | Story on Drugs | Vaccine Dangers | Cancer | Newsletter | New World Order | NWO News | Pam Schuffert
James Casbolt | Phil Schneider | Al Bielek | Trevor Constable | Mind Control | Brice Taylor | Ted Gunderson | Metatech.org | Free Energy | Tim Hicks & Phil Ledoux
Dr. Robert Bitzer | T. Lobsang Rampa | Ruth Drown | ZS Livingstone | David Brandt | Global Warming | The CIA | Veterans Awaken | Eustace Mullins
Bill Cooper | Depleted Uranium| Dowsing | Police & Tasers | British Israel | Born Again Brainwashing | Amy Goodman Gatekeeper | Rethinking Noam Chomsky
Red Elk | Project Blue Beam | Bush Family & Nazis | Otto Skorzeny | Insights on Aliens | Cell Towers | WiFi / Cell Phone Dangers | EMF Radiation News
CPS / DCF Tyranny | Adrenal Burnout | The Women Warriors | Orgone Adventures | Dr. John Coleman | Railroading Dr. Jeffrey MacDonald | Henry Makow
Radio Interviews | Ten Best Sites | Metal Free Dentistry | Dr. Hulda Clark Books | Planet X Sequel | ' Undocumented Immigrants ' | Donald Marshall & Cloning Station
War on Terror | Tavistock | U.S. Concentration Camps | FEMA | Aliens Are Coming ! | Guiding Principles | Global Warming | Gang Stalking | Monoatomic Gold
Seth / Jane Roberts | Power of Thought | Spiritualism | Hope | Healing Thought Forms | Vanquish Fear | Prevent Alien / Demon Attacks | Rockefeller File | War a Racket
Letters | Sodom - LGBT
Exp'd | 21 Illuminati Goals | Strawman Explained | Daily Blog | | Hydrogen Peroxide | Protocols of Zion | Eric Jon Phelps Exposed
Israeli Soldier 's Story | Home | Japan Radiation Hysteria | Agenda 21 | Treat Parasites | Swine Flu Hoax / Vaccine | Links | Jane Tripp Time Travel | Discussion
Mini Silver Terminator ( MST ) | Chembusters & Orgone Generators | Reverse Polarity Colloidal Silver Generator | Smart Phone WiFi Dangers | Contact Us / E-mail
Want to Contact the Editor ?
First read this
By Ken Adachi < Editor >
http://educate-yourself.org/be/index.shtml
January 2000
Update !
November 18 , 2006 : ** Important 1996 Lab Report from Kaali & Lyman Detailing the Deactivation of HIV / AIDS Virus with minute Direct Electrical Currents -- Seen for the first time on the internet **
Biocompatible Electric Current Attentuates HIV Infectivity ( Nov. 18 , 2006 )
http://educate-yourself.org/cn/LymanKaalibiocompatibleHIV1996report18nov06.shtml
The Discovery
In the Fall of 1990 , two medical researchers , Drs. William Lyman and Steven Kaali , working at Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York City made an important discovery .
They found that they could inactivate the HIV virus by applying a low voltage direct current electrical potential with an extremely small current flow to AIDS infected blood in a test tube .
Initially , they discovered this in the lab by inserting two platinum electrodes into a glass tube filled with HIV - 1 ( type 1 ) infected blood .
They applied a direct current to the electrodes and found that a current flow in the range of 50 - 100 microamperes ( uA ) produced the most effective results .
Practically all of the HIV viral particles were adversely affected while normal blood cells remained unharmed .
The viral particles were not directly destroyed by the electric current , but rather the outer protein coating of the virus was affected in such a way as to prevent the virus from producing reverse transcriptase , a necessary enzyme needed by the virus to invade human cells .
Reverse transcriptase allows the virus to enter a human T cell line ( called CEM - SS ) and commandeer the DNA reproduction machinery .
After using the host cell to reproduce itself into thousands of new virii , the swollen host cell ( now called syncytia or giant cell ) will burst and spew the contents into the bloodstream or lymph system .
This is how the virus spreads , but lacking reverse transcriptase , the HIV virus can't invade the host cell and it becomes vulnerable to destruction by the body 's immune system .
( The details of this experiment can be read from Kaali 's patent application . )
Getting the Word Out ?
A brief announcement of this discovery appeared in The Houston Post ( Mar 20 , 1991 ) , then in Science News ( Mar. 30 , 1991 pg. 207 ) and later in Longevitymagazine : ( Dec.1992 pg. 14 ) .
Following their work in the Fall of 1990 , Kaali and Lyman presented their findings at the First International Symposium on Combination Therapies ( an AIDS conference ) in Washington DC on March 14th , 1991 .
Kaali outlined two methods for treating an AIDS patient with this new therapy :
One method involved removing a small amount of blood , electrifying it and then returning it to the patient 's body .
The second method involved sewing a miniature electrifying power supply along with two tiny electrodes directly into the lumen of an artery .
For long term treatment , the mini electrifying unit needed to be removed and relocated to a new artery site after 30 - 45 days since scar tissue and calcification forming around the implant unit would lead to artery blockage .
Kaali ( along with co-inventorPeter Schwolsky ) filed for a patent on this implantable electrifying device on Nov 16 , 1990 and nine months later was granted patent # 5,139,684 on August 18 , 1992 .
It 's interesting to note two things here :
1 . In order to obtain a patent from the United States Patent Office , Kaali and Schwolsky had to prove that the device works as claimed .
Lacking solid proof , US patents are simply not granted .
2 . Very often it takes years to obtain a patent , yet this patent was granted in only nine months ; a further indication to me of the strength of their demonstrated claims
It 's also interesting to note that other than the 3 publications mentioned above and the March '91 AIDS conference , nothing again appeared in print , radio , or TV about this important discovery as a potential treatment and cure for AIDS from Kaali and company .
Most knowledgeable observers feel that Kaali and Lyman 's discovery was intentionally suppressed following the March '91 AIDS conference presentation .
If AIDS research was on the level and not the sham that it actually is , this should have made front page news around the world .
( Around 1999 , I was contacted by a woman with AIDS who had managed to reach Dr. William Lyman over the phone .
She asked him about his experiments with Kaali regarding blood electrification and if she could obtain the treatment through them .
Lyman denied any knowledge of any AIDS treatment or cure .
He said he never heard of Dr. Kaali and he had no idea what she was talking about concerning blood electrification and then hung up on her .
What does that tell about the power of the people behind the suppression of this discovery ? )
Enter Dr Bob Beck
A man named Walter Schnitder drew Dr Robert C. Beck ' sattention to the above - mentioned item in Science News .
Beck looked up the patent and decided to try and duplicate the therapy , but he wanted to do it non-invasively ; that is by applying the electric current from outside the body .
Now if you apply a direct current ( DC ) potential to the skin , you 're going to get an electrolysis effect and that can cause problems , so Beck designed a circuit that varied the voltage with an alternating current ( AC ) at a very low frequency and avoided the electrolysis problem .
The waveform that Beck chose is not the typical sine wave seen in AC household outlets , but rather is a bi-phasic square wave , meaning that the waveform voltage has a positive half and a negative half , allowing the current to reverse direction each half cycle .
Square waves generate a large number of harmonics .
Harmonics are frequency multiples of the original frequency .
Odd harmonics are mutibles of the original frequency multiplied by 3 , 5 , 7 etc. and even harmonics are multibles of 2 .
For example , the odd harmonics of a 4 Hertz ( Hz ) square wave would be 12 Hz , 20 Hz , 28 Hz , etc. right up into the radio frequency range .
Georges Lakhovsky , Nikola Tesla and many other scientists had discovered that everything in Nature has its own resonant frequency including every bacteria , virus , parasite , and fungus on the planet .
Dr. Royal Rife was able to cure terminal , end stage cancers in the 1930's by applying the specific resonant frequencies of certain unique bacteria that are always assocaited wtih all types of cancers .
The steady application of the bacteria 's resonant frequency by plasma wave radiation caused the bacteria to internally shatter and eviscerate , thus destroying it ( and all the other bacteria within the body that possessed the same resonant frequency ) .
While Kaali and Lyman used DC current to deactivate the AIDS virus , Beck found that he could get he same results using the 3.92 HZ square wave .
Kaali and Lyman found that the amount of the current applied was the critcal factor and if they kept the current within a range of 50 - 100 micro amperes - they were able to disable the HIV virus within a petri dish as mentioned above .
Kaali then worked out a design of a small battery with two tiny electrodes that could be sewn directly into an artery in the arm or leg .
By maintaining the current flow between the two electrodes within the 50 - 100 micro ampere range , the HIV particles were gradually disabled within the bloodstream and the AIDS victim would gradually recover his health .
The procedure required surgery that costs about $ 5,000 ( at that time ) .
The implanted electrodes would cause scarring of the artery walls , so they had to be removed and implanted in a new section of an artery every month or so , costing another $ 5,000 each time the procedure was done .
It took about 6 or 7 months to see a substantial improvement in the AIDS patient .
Beck studied Kaali's patent and tried applying the electrodes to the skin directly over those arteries that were close enough to the skin surface .
The 50 - 100 micro ampere current could be created within the artery by electromagnetic induction allowing the entire therapy to be applied externally , without the need for implanting electrodes into the arteries .
The device he put together to accomplish this is today called a blood electrifier .
Beck started by applying his blood electrifier to himself .
He originally placed the electrodes over leg arteries near the ankles of either leg , then changed the location to two different spots on the arm , and finally found that it worked just as well if he placed the two electrodes near each other over the ulnar and radial arteries just behind the wrist .
To find the correct location in order to center the electrodes exactly over the artieries , Bob recommends carefully feeling for the pulse of either artery and marking the path of the artery with a ball point pen .
You can then memorize the correct location and align the electrodes over the artery path precisely and hold them in place with a stretchy wrist band that 's held together with velcro .
Beck Breakfast Group
Bob Beck has been giving talks for many , many years on a variety of topics from Tesla to psychotronics .
I first heard him in 1994 on an after - midnight radio show out of Los Angeles called " Something 's Happening " with Roy of Hollywood ( KPFK , 90.7 FM ) .
Bob was getting ready to give a talk at the Pasadena Health Expo that upcoming weekend and proceeded to explain to Roy what he had discovered with blood electrification .
I was amazed and blown away by what he told Roy .
I had to learn more , so I made it my business to be at that convention and attend Bob 's talk .
To Be Continued ...
Related
The Bob Beck Blood Electrifier and Other Beck Devices
http://educate-yourself.org/be/beckdevicesdesc.shtml
Learn more about Dr Bob Beck 's discovery of blood electrification and other Beck protocols directly from Bob Beck himself by obtaining any of our four Beck videos available on the Products page .
Dr Bob Beck Video Package Deal
http://educate-yourself.org/products/index.shtml#bobbeckvideos
You can also read more information about blood electrification from this article printed in Nexus magazine in 1998 .
The Beck Zapper : Renewed Hope Against AIDS
http://educate-yourself.org/be/becknexusarticle1.shtml
Contact the Editor for more information about Bob Beck 's blood electrifier device
Comments
Beck Electrifier versus The " Ultimate Zapper " ( Feb. 22 , 2009 )
http://educate-yourself.org/lte/beckelectrifiervultimatezapper22feb09.shtml
Blood Electrification & Cured AIDS Testimonials ( Nov 12 , 2008 )
http://educate-yourself.org/lte/curedAIDStestimonialswithelectrification07nov08.shtml
The people who should be sounding the alarm for democracy ’s sake , and the sake of all the young Americans losing lives and limbs , get truly outraged only when they are played for fools and fall guys , when their own reputations are at stake .
Image Maureen Dowd Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
It was not the fake casus belli that made Colin Powell ’s blood boil .
What really got Powell disgusted was that W. and Dick Cheney used him , tapping into his credibility to sell their trumped - up war ; that George Tenet failed to help him scrub his U.N. speech of all Cheney ’s garbage ; and that W. showed him the door so the more malleable Condi could have his job .
Tenet was privately worried about a war buildup not backed up by C.I.A. facts , but he only publicly sounded the alarm years later in a lucrative memoir fueled by payback , after Condi and Cheney tried to cast him as the fall guy on W.M.D .
McClellan did not realize the value of a favorite maxim 
“ The truth shall set you free ”  until he was hung out to dry by his bosses in the Valerie Plame affair , repeating the lies Karl Rove and Scooter Libby brazenly told him about not being the leakers .
“ Clearly , ” McClellan says , sounding like the breast - heaving heroine of a Victorian romance , “ I had allowed myself to be deceived . ”
He felt “ something fall out of me into the abyss . ”
And that was even before “ the breaking point , ” when he learned the worst about his idol  that the president who had denounced leaks about his warrantless surveillance program , who had promised to fire anyone leaking classified information about Plame , was himself the one who authorized Dick Cheney to let Scooter leak part of the top- secret National Intelligence Estimate .
“ Yeah , I did , ” Mr. Bush told his sap of a press secretary on Air Force One .
His tone , the stunned McClellan said , was “ as if discussing something no more important than a baseball score . ”
Lewis Schiff , adviser to the superrich and founder of the private wealth specialty firm Advanced Planning Group , coauthored the recently released The Middle - Class Millionaire : The Rise of the New Rich and How They Are Changing America .
Schiff defines " middle - class millionaires " as those with a net worth of between $ 1 million and $ 10 million who earned their wealth rather than inherited it .
They are people , the author says , who live a fundamentally middle - class life , yet are exerting powerful influence on society .
Schiff and his coauthor , Russ Alan Prince , surveyed more than 3,600 middle - class - millionaire households for their book .
Schiff spoke with U.S. News .
Excerpts :
How does a middle - class millionaire approach retirement ?
I think the traditional retirement concept of stopping work and living on the assets you 've accumulated is something the middle - class millionaire is redefining .
The notion of retiring at 65 is not something you necessarily hear from them .
Folks who are succeeding in America are knowledge workers , in financial services or creative services , where their brain is their No. 1 asset .
The body is healthier for longer and longer periods , and now that the body is n't failing and you have the technology where you can get on a yacht and continue to do business , they might just look to scale back and not retire , because their bodies are up to it anyway .
What kind of person becomes a middle - class millionaire ?
They on average work 70 hours a week and take fewer vacation days .
They show perseverance in the face of adversity .
They 've had more failures in their professional life , but what 's interesting is what they do in the face of failure .
They observe information in a more savvy way and tap into the flow of information capital , and they know how to leverage this enlightened self - interest .
You talk about persevering in the face of adversity .
What does that look like to this group ?
These are people who have had an average of three career setbacks , and three quarters of the group we surveyed said that each time , they 've come back in a different way .
Persevering in the face of adversity is easier said than done , but it 's a distinguishing characteristic .
The middle - class millionaires we spoke to said that failure and defeat are crushing no matter who you are , but some of them will say , " I have to rectify this because I prize financial independence above all else . "
Spectacular Find in Germany Dinosaurs May Be Older than First Thought
Traces of a dinosaur found a German quarry suggest the creatures may have been 15 million years older than previously believed .
You Can Learn to Successfully Trade the Stock Market .
For many of us , the stock market is a mystery … a puzzle that seems to require an Ivy League degree in business or finance to master successfully .
You know people acquire wealth by utilizing the market , but you have no idea how they really do it .
So , you watch from the sidelines as other people grow their personal assets , or possibly pay someone 1 % of your entire portfolio to do things that you do n’t understand .
It does n’t have to be that way .
Really .
Have you wondered if it would be different if someone would just explain it to you in a way that makes sense ?
Wall Street is no smarter than you .
Brokers and traders do n’t have crystal balls or secret decoder rings .
The only difference between people who consistently make money in the market and you is that they ’ve learned there are market tools available and the ways to use them .
That knowledge is the difference between making a little money and acquiring significant wealth .
When it comes to solar panels , readers in the UK are likely to think only of great grey - black slabs perched atop Mediterranean houses seen from trains or descending aircraft , but changes are afoot that look set to alter that misleading impression .
In the wake of the recent G8 summit in Japan and the reams of environmental reports and recommendations made there , one thing stood out – renewable energy is not just essential for the health of our planet ; it 's also one of the keys to economic sustainability .
Photovoltaic possibilities
Of the options available to us for replacing fossil fuels , one of the prime candidates for success is solar power generated by photovoltaic , or PV , cells .
According to the European Renewable Energy Council , by 2040 solar power will likely meet fully one quarter of worldwide energy demand , but where will that huge amount of energy – around 9 terawatt hours ( TWh ) – come from ?
To find out , we spoke to two of the world 's leading supplier of solar - cell equipment , Osaka - based Sharp and Sanyo .
Long history
We 'll start with Sharp , an electronics giant that 's far better known for its television sets and domestic appliances .
But its most recent annual financial results show that ¥ 150 billion ( £ 700 million ) , or 4.5 per cent of its business , came from solar cells and associated PV technology .
That should n't be too surprising to anyone familiar with the PV business .
Based on International Energy Agency figures , Sharp has been responsible for 2 gigawatts ( GW ) of the 8GW - worth of solar equipment shipped worldwide to 2007 since the technology was invented in 1953 .
While domestic solar panels account for a relatively small proportion of total sales , Sharp has kitted out almost 2,000 lighthouses and over 160 satellites with its various flavours of solar cell .
Complex technology
Given such diverse uses , it 's obvious that the technology that goes into the PV business is complex , but for our purposes we can focus on the two main kinds of silicon - based solar cells .
Sharp 's two ' PV pillars ' are the currently dominant crystalline - type cells and the up - and - coming thin - film type .
The former are suitable for use even in moderate climates , such as the UK , but use more of the increasingly precious silicon .
Conversely , thin - film cells use only 1 per cent as much silicon , but are only practical in countries where the Sun can be relied on to shine for much of the year .
Currently , crystalline PV accounts for 80 to 90 per cent of the world 's output , but this is changing as silicon prices rise due to heavy demand from computer chip makers .
Huge increase
Sharp 's existing plant in Nara churns out crystalline cells that can generate just over 700 megawatts ( MW ) of power per year .
Come 2010 , however , production will begin at a new thin - film plants that will ultimately deliver 1GW of power per annum .
One of these immense complexes , at Sakai in western Japan , will actually by partly powered by solar panels fixed to its own roof and walls .
Working with a local electricity company , the cells will deliver 18 MW of power to the plant , meeting 5 per cent of its energy needs and underlining how important thin - film PV cells are to Sharp .
Throw in increasing government commitment to solar energy around the world and it's clear that change is afoot .
For example , the Japanese leadership has set a target usage capacity of 4.8 GW of solar power by 2010 .
That 's equivalent to five nuclear power plants .
Who cares anyway ?
The numbers are clearly compelling , but what do they add up to for the end user – should the average person in then street really give a hoot ?
Sharp 's Miyuki Nakayama explains that the company hopes to increase PV production with a very specific end - cost goal in mind – electricity coming out of wall sockets that costs no more than it does now :
Neil wrote this essay for SIMCITY .
Cities are not people .
But , like people , cities have their own personalities : in some cases one city has many different personalities -- there are a dozen Londons , a crowd of different New Yorks .
A city is a collection of lives and buildings , and it has identity and personality .
Cities exist in location , and in time .
There are good cities -- the ones that welcome you , that seem to care about you , that seem pleased you 're in them .
There are indifferent cities -- the ones that honestly do n't care if you 're there or not ; cities with their own agendas , the ones that ignore people .
There are cities gone bad , and there are places in otherwise healthy cities as rotten and maggoty as windfall apples .
There are even cities that seem lost -- some , lacking a centre , feel like they would be happier being elsewhere , somewhere smaller , somewhere easier to understand .
Some cities spread , like cancers or B - movie slime monsters , devouring all in their way , absorbing towns and villages , swallowing boroughs and hamlets , transmuting into boundless conurbations .
Other cities shrink -- once prosperous areas empty and fail : buildings empty , windows are boarded up , people leave , and sometimes they cannot even tell you why .
Occasionally I idle time away by wondering what cities would be like , were they people .
Manhattan is , in my head , fast - talking , untrusting , well - dressed but unshaven .
London is huge and confused .
Paris is elegant and attractive , older than she looks .
San Francisco is crazy , but harmless , and very friendly .
It 's a foolish game : cities are n't people .
Cities exist in location , and they exist in time .
Cities accumulate their personalities as time goes by .
Manhattan remembers when it was unfashionable farmland .
Athens remembers the days when there were those who considered themselves Athenians .
There are cities that remember being villages .
Other cities -- currently bland , devoid of personality -- are prepared to wait until they have history .
Few cities are proud : they know that it's all too often a happy accident , a mere geographical fluke that they exist at all -- a wide harbour , a mountain pass , the confluence of two rivers .
At present , cities stay where they are .
For now cities sleep .
But there are rumblings .
Things change .
And what if , tomorrow , cities woke , and went walking ?
If Tokyo engulfed your town ?
If Vienna came striding over the hill toward you ?
If the city you inhabit today just upped and left , and you woke tomorrow wrapped in a thin blanket on an empty plain , where Detroit once stood , or Sydney , or Moscow ?
Do n't ever take a city for granted .
After all , it is bigger than you are ; it is older ; and it has learned how to wait ...
Father Pfleger may be in trouble with more than his church superiors .
An eagle - eyed AT reader who must remain anonymous found that his church itself , St. Sabina , has made political donations .
If you go to this Illinois campaign contributions reporting site and type in " St Sabina " under Last or only name .
You get
St Sabina Church
$ 100.00
Individual Contribution
1210 W 78th Pl
9/18/1995
Friends Of Coy Pugh
Chicago , IL 60620
St Sabina Church
$ 150.00
Individual Contribution
1210 W 78th Pl
2/16/1996
Friends Of Coy Pugh
Chicago , IL 60620
St Sabina Outreach Ministry
$ 2,500.00
Individual Contribution
1210 W. 78th Pl .
10/14/2004
17th Ward Democratic Organization
Chicago , IL 60620
Coy Pugh is a former Democrat Illinois House member who served from 1993 to 2001 .
If you type in " St. Sabina " with a period , you get
St. Sabina
$ 200.00
Individual Contribution
1210 West 78th Pl .
11/7/2001
Citizens to Elect Latasha R Thomas
Chicago , IL 60620
St. Sabina
$ 875.00
Individual Contribution
1210 W. 78th
6/14/2003
17th Ward Democratic Organization
Chicago , IL 60620
St. Sabina
$ 1,500.00
Individual Contribution
1210 W. 78th
5/26/2004
17th Ward Democratic Organization
Chicago , IL 60620
Latasha Thomas is a Chicago Alderman reperesenting the 17th ward .
And then if you type in Pfleger , you get a large response .
Pfleger 's federal contributions are reported at this site .
Isis working on new album
[ 5,995 views ]
Isis has revealed that they are currently writing a new album .
The group comments :
" We 've been working hard on the new record .
All five of us sweating away in a small windowless room in downtown Los Angeles .
We 're making good progress and will have more ( and more exciting ) news about that to report soon ! "
Meanwhile , the band also had the following to say :
" Aaron Turner has a new project he 's been working on with James Plotkin and Tim Wyskida .
The album is done and has no name as of yet .
When we find out more we 'll let you know !
We do know that it should be released early 2009 .
House of Low Culture has some shows lined up for the Northwest in the fall .
More on them to come as well . "
Related News Stories
A former receptionist from Croydon , Alison Carroll , has been chosen as the face of Lara Croft for the new Tomb Raider game out in the autumn .
Using a Crime To Justify a War
by Ron Paul by Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
Statement on H Con Res 385 , Condemning the Attack on the AMIA Jewish Community Center in Buenos Aires , Argentine , in July 1994 and for other purposes , before the US House of Representatives , July 15 , 2008
Madam Speaker , as one who is most consistently opposed to war and violence , I join my colleagues in condemning the brutal and unjustified attack on a Jewish community center in Argentina 14 years ago .
I do not support this resolution , however , as it misuses a tragedy 14 years ago in a foreign country to push for US war against Iran today .
Although this resolution clearly blames Iran and Hezbollah for the bombing , in fact the investigation is ongoing and far from conclusive .
In an article titled  U.S. uses probe to pressure Iran ,  the Wall Street Journal earlier this year suggested that renewed US interest in this 14 year old case is more related to politics than a genuine desire for justice .
Reported the Journal ,
 As tensions between the U.S. and Iran persist , Washington and its allies are using an investigation into a 1994 terrorist attack in Argentina to maintain pressure on the Iranian regime .
 Behind the scenes , Bush administration officials are encouraging the probe , which centers on the bombing of a Jewish community center in Buenos Aires .
One U.S. goal is to cause legal problems for some of Iran ’s political leaders .
Administration officials also hope to use the matter to highlight Iran ‘s alleged role in financing and supporting terrorism around the world . 
Those pushing for a US attack on Iran are using this tragic event to foment fear in the United States that Iran and Hezbollah are perpetrating terrorist acts in the Western Hemisphere .
This is another in an ongoing series of resolutions we see on the House floor pushing us toward war against Iran .
I have no doubt that we will see another similar resolution on the floor next week , and the week after , and so on until we find ourselves making another tragic mistake as we did in 2002 with H J Res 114 giving the president the authority to attack Iraq .
I urge my colleagues to resist this push to war with Iran before it is too late .
See the Ron Paul File
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
While the US continues to build its empire as an altar to the god Democracy , it is important to note that democracy is not the reason our Patriots rose up against the British .
No , our Patriots fought for Liberty .
And , democracy is not Liberty .
In fact , democracy becomes oppression whenever the majority ignores the plight of the minority .
This happens every time a majority of voters uses the ballot box to gain an advantage over everyone else .
Such a perversion of democracy has resulted in a sordid record of incidents throughout world history , with the US having no immunity whatsoever .
Recently , we have seen a resurgence of the mentality that the majority is right simply because they are the majority .
Victory at the ballot box justifies any action , with the belief that the " majority spoke " being the moral equivalent of " might makes right . "
Consider three recent income tax initiatives being discussed and debated in Central Ohio cities .
In two of the cities , resident advocates — tax consumers , government minions , etc. — are selling income tax levies as an increase that will affect only a minority of voters .
The sales pitch is that the majority can vote a burden on the minority , and the majority can do so without remorse or regret because the democratic action of voting justifies any evil .
In the third city , retired residents are advocating an income tax increase that is not theirs to bear .
The tax will be on earned income , not on income derived from retirement accounts , etc .
Once again , those who seek to reap the benefits are using the tools of democracy to gain an advantage over their neighbors .
Sure , we have had envy at the national level for years , but that envy is between classes unseen .
Now , envy is between neighbors .
I 'm certain that the folks campaigning for the three taxes above can look out their front door and name those who will pay for their supposed public goods .
Folks who are uncomfortable asking to borrow a cup of sugar have no issue with levying a tax on their neighbors .
This is always true :
There is nothing ethical about using the power of politics to gain an advantage .
And , hiding behind a majority of voters does not make an unethical action ethical .
Of course , all taxes provide an advantage for some over others , but I am now seeing local governments publicly advocate the division of winners and losers among their constituents .
City officials are dividing residents into those who reap and those who pay , all the while selling their tax increases as a means for the majority to gain at the expense of the minority .
Sadly , our nation has fallen for the cries of those who demand the redistribution of wealth ; cries that did not lead our Patriots to arms .
Yet , because envy is both a powerful human emotion and a seductive motivator , the political class has used envy to gain power and influence ; a process that began well over a century ago .
And it 's a process drummed into the heads of students and parents in public schools throughout the nation .
Democracy is good , always .
It may have ventured off course for a bit — such as when a school levy fails , but the continued push and prodding of those seeking the advantage inevitably gets the right majority to the polls .
Then , government and the majority declare the new tax — blessed by Democracy — good .
When the political machine uses the envy of the majority to enslave the minority , there is little hope for our future .
The function of democracy is no longer the peaceful transfer of power in order to maintain Liberty .
Instead , the democracy becomes a war of classes seeking an advantage over one another , with failure of your party in the elections tantamount to having your property and income looted in the near future .
In the end , the peaceful transfer of power gives way to the chaos that robs the developing world of any future .
So , what are the alternatives ?
Hans - Hermann Hoppe , in his book Democracy : The God That Failed , suggests a true heresy : replace democracy with a monarchy .
What ?!?
A monarchy is the antithesis of freedom !
Right ?
Well , maybe not .
Is n't it just possible that a monarch would protect his possessions better than the term - limited president or mayor ?
And , in doing so , would n't the monarch also protect the ability of his subjects to produce efficiently and , hence , live freely ?
The monarch who acts with good judgment will have something to pass to his heirs while the term - limited president or mayor has to steal what he can , while he still holds power — the constituents and next administration be damned .
What about Liberty ?
Simply switch the national threat advisory to red and watch how quickly the majority cowers before the state , all the while demanding the end to our remaining rights .
When that occurs , the motto of the Department of Homeland Security — " Preserving Our Freedoms , Protecting America " — will be revealed as nothing other than the latest version of homegrown agitprop .
Would the monarch resort to such efforts , efforts that would slowly impoverish his nation ?
Something to consider .
Regardless , we can say this : a monarch saves us from the emperor in DC and the envious , thieving majorities at home .
Should we chose to set aside the Hoppe solution , we must return to the ideals and ethics that sparked the Revolution and birthed Liberty .
We must not allow democracy to justify envy .
And , we must once again view government for what it is : as an every - growing Leviathan that must be contained and constantly beaten back .
June 26 , 2008
The Best of Jim Fedako
How do you power a spacecraft in deep space ?
NASA 's Voyager 1 , which was launched three decades ago and is now about 10 billion miles ( 16 billion kilometers ) from Earth , is using inertia from its blast off as well as the gravitational fields of the planets it has passed to speed toward the edge of the solar system at 10.6 miles ( 17.1 kilometers ) per second .
Unfortunately , it has taken Voyager 1 so long to get to its current location that by 2025 the space probe will have consumed all of the power provided by its radioisotope thermoelectric generators , or RTGs ( which convert heat from decaying radioactive materials such as plutonium into electricity ) , and will no longer have enough energy to run its scientific instruments or send messages back to NASA as it crosses into interstellar space .
Any missions hoping to go farther will need a means of acceleration that can get the spacecraft to the edge of explored space faster — before it has depleted its radioactive power source .
Many believe the answer lies in using a space sail that harnesses the sun 's energy to keep a spacecraft accelerating long after it escapes Earth 's atmosphere and reaches deep space .
Heading beyond the sun 's influence , the spacecraft would have attained a faster cruising speed than Voyager 1 and could maintain it via inertia with plenty of life left in its RTG and / or other generators to power its instruments and radio to communicate with Earth , allowing it to continue its mission for many decades to come .
NASA is preparing to test a new space sail this summer that uses sunlight to provide this acceleration , whereas a scientist at the Finnish Meteorological Institute is refining a design for a different type of space sail that would have spacecraft surfing the solar wind , a continuous stream of charged particles that emanates from the sun , at speeds nearly twice that of Voyager 1 ( 18.6 miles , or 30 kilometers , per second ) .
The concept of space sails dates back the 16th century , when German astronomer Johannes Kepler first came up with the idea of using the sun 's energy to propel objects through space .
Today , there are three main types of space sail : solar ( the one NASA plans to test ) , electric ( being developed in Finland ) and magnetic ( a concept popular in the 1980s that never quite took off ) .
Scientists at NASA 's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Ala. , and Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif. , within a week plan to test their solar sail , which will travel to space onboard a Falcon 1 rocket developed by Space Exploration Technologies ( SpaceX ) of Hawthorne , Calif .
NASA says that during its two - week mission the 10 - pound ( 4.5- kilogram ) NanoSail - D solar sail will be the first ever be fully deployed in space and the first to use sunlight as a primary means of flight or orbital maneuvering .
The kite - shaped sail is constructed of aluminum and plastic and unfurls to about 100 square - feet ( 9.3 square - meters ) of light - catching surface .
NASA has already spent more than $ 2.3 * million developing its NanoSail - D technology .
The NanoSail - D may be followed over the next three years by another solar sail , this one built by The Planetary Society , a nonprofit space advocacy organization in Pasadena , Calif .
The group is designing the electronics , solar array and solar sail motors for the Cosmos 2 , which it hopes to launch with a Russian Soyuz– Fregat booster rocket , similar to the technology used to take astronauts , cosmonauts and tourists to the International Space Station .
The Cosmos 1 solar sail was shot into space in 2005 ( after five years of development and a failed launch in 2001 ) onboard a Russian Volna rocket .
The submarine - launched Volna , however , malfunctioned and never made it into orbit , so the sail did not have the chance to deploy and demonstrate solar sail propulsion .
Louis Friedman , executive director of the Planetary Society , says that the sails must be launched to test them , because there is no solar wind in Earth 's atmosphere .
Russia and Japan have tested technologies that are similar to space sails , but because these tests were conducted near the Russian Mir space station ( no longer in orbit ) or in suborbital flight , " they are n't solar sails truly , " he says .
Pekka Janhunen , an academy research fellow at the Finnish Meteorological Institute in Helsinki , meantime , is developing an electric space sail that uses the solar wind as its thrust source and does not need fuel or propellant .
He says the sail will consist of up to 100 aluminum or copper alloy wires — each about 12.4 miles , or 20 kilometers , long and 20 microns in diameter ( one micron equals about one four hundred - thousandths of an inch ) — attached to reels that can adjust wire length .
Each wire would be charged at up to 20 kilovolts via a solar - powered electron gun attached to the sail .
The electrical charge emitted by the wires would react with the solar wind 's plasma to generate momentum .
Janhunen says it would take a 440 - pound ( 200 - kilogram ) spacecraft using an electric sail less than five years to travel between Earth and dwarf planet Pluto .
It 's too early to estimate the cost of building an electric sail , he says , but notes that it would be as much as four times cheaper to construct and fly a spacecraft attached to an electric space sail , because it would be lighter than conventional spacecraft and require only enough fuel to launch it out of Earth 's atmosphere .
Increasing thrust once in space could be a matter of adding more wires to the sail or making the wires longer .
Janhunen 's work is moving from the drawing board to the lab and he hopes to build a prototype within three years that he could fly outside Earth 's atmosphere to test the thrust produced by the electric sail .
If his theory proves correct ( and he can use long , electrified wires to take advantage of the solar wind ) , it would be a few more years before he and his colleagues could build the equipment required to mount the wires in the shape of a sail and test the structure 's ability to propel some type of spacecraft .
A magnetic space sail would also rely on the solar wind for momentum .
Robert Zubrin , founder and president of the Mars Society and president of Pioneer Astronautics , an aerospace R&D company located in Lakewood , Colo. , and Dana Andrews , chief technology officer of Andrews Space , Inc. , in Seattle , Wash . , conceived the magnetic sail in the 1980s as a way to improve on the solar sail design .
Instead of relying on sunlight , it would use the solar wind 's plasma ( which travels at 310 miles , or 500 kilometers , per second ) as its means of propulsion .
Taking advantage of the fact that plasma is deflected by magnetic fields , Zubrin and Andrews proposed putting a magnetic field around a spacecraft like a bubble and having the solar wind push the spacecraft .
There was , however , one small hitch : the superconducting wires required create a magnetic field have never been developed .
( The project briefly received some funding from the NASA Institute for Advanced Concepts , but that organization was shuttered last year . )
" The magsail is a concept waiting for a technology , " Zubrin says .
The European Space Agency studied the magnetic sail concept to use during a manned trip to Mars but ultimately came to the same conclusion as Zubrin .
Of course , none of these sails are effective once they are out of the sun 's range .
By the time any spacecraft reaches about 37 billion miles ( 60 billion kilometers ) from the sun " the solar wind becomes very tenuous and then stops , " Janhunen says .
At that point , he envisions his electric space sail being jettisoned from its spacecraft so that its momentum would fly it beyond the solar system , tapping an onboard source of nuclear energy ( similar to Voyager 1 ) to power its systems .
The reward for building a successful space sail would be to increase the velocity of a spacecraft indefinitely without the need for propellant .
" This would let you go enormous distances at enormous speeds , " the Planetary Society 's Friedman says .
" It 's the only technology that we know of that can one day take us to the stars . "
* Correction ( 8/01/08 ) :
This article originally identified the cost as $ 30 million .
I ’ll let the Internet Archive speak for itself :
This collection contains television news programs recorded live from around September 11 , 2001 by the non-profit Television Archive to help patrons research this important part of United States history .
These materials were available on the televisionarchive.org site from October 11 , 2001 through 2003 .
These recordings are from ABC , BBC , CBS , CNN , Fox , and NBC .
Since it would have been impossible for me to see all three major TV networks simultaneously , I was curious about two things from that day :
1 ) What was airing when the first plane hit
2 ) What the initial reports looked like
ABC
Sarah Ferguson was discussing weight loss when the first plane hit .
Charlie Gibson and Diane Sawyer announced the news .
This was the first image from ABC :
CBS
Bryant Gumbel was discussing food when the first plane hit .
CBS went to a Special Report :
Bryant Gumbel reported the news .
This was the first image from CBS :
NBC
The network was in local commercial time when the first plane hit .
When the Today Show returned from another ad break later …
… Katie Couric and Matt Lauer reported the news .
This was the first image from NBC :
It never gets easier to look at .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
WASHINGTON —
The scene has stayed with me for six years : Democrat Jill Long Thompson , in the midst of a fiercely competitive race in Indiana ’s 2nd Congressional District , was being pressed by supporters to criticize what they saw as President Bush ’s rush to war in Iraq .
She would have none of it , explaining that her differences with Republican Chris Chocola were on domestic economic issues , not foreign policy .
In her district , she said later , “ we will support our president , and we will support our troops . ”
It was like that all over the country in 2002 : Democrats in large numbers ran away from foreign policy or just said “ me , too . ”
Many went down to defeat , including Long Thompson , though last month she won the Democratic nomination for governor .
Things have changed in six years .
For one thing , Chocola was voted out in 2006 when frustration over Iraq helped the Democrats sweep to power in the House .
Barack Obama is unabashed this year in repeating everywhere he goes that the Iraq war “ should never have been authorized and should never have been waged . ”
But with economic distress so high , and with John McCain claiming national security as his trump card , Democrats may again be tempted to downplay foreign affairs so they can turn the election into a fight over domestic questions about which McCain has had little to say .
Evading national security , says Sen. Joe Biden , D - Del. , would be a disastrous mistake .
“ The only way we lose this election is not to engage this issue head - on , ” Biden said during an interview in his Capitol office the day after Obama clinched the nomination .
Democrats , Biden said , should be “ proactive ” and not “ play defense on foreign affairs ” because “ the case against McCain and Bush on national security is so overwhelming .
…
It should be an essential part of the case for the Democratic nominee . ”
I visited with Biden since he should be at the top of any list of vice presidential picks for Obama .
Why Biden ?
In part because of where he took our discussion : Few Democrats know more about foreign policy , and few would so relish the fight against McCain on international affairs .
Few are better placed to argue that withdrawal from Iraq will strengthen rather than weaken the U.S .
The worst thing in a running mate is the fear of muddying his or her image in political combat .
Biden would be a happy warrior .
He was born in Scranton , Pa. , an essential state for Democrats , and has been a regular in the Philadelphia media market .
Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell , himself a plausible No. 2 , has called Biden “ a perfect fit . ”
The senator has been through two of his own presidential campaigns in which he experienced what an acquaintance of his called the “ white hot heat ” of scrutiny .
Biden is Catholic and hails from a blue - collar world , two constituencies with which Obama needs help .
The chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee and the former chairman of the Judiciary Committee , Biden speaks with real learning on international affairs and the judiciary — the next vacancies on the Supreme Court should be a big issue in this campaign — while never sounding like an elitist .
But the central reason to pick Biden is the message the choice would send about Obama ’s readiness to contest national security issues and his understanding that fixing American foreign policy must be one of the next president ’s highest priorities .
Biden has been critical of Bush ’s approach to Iraq and the world for the right reasons , and from the beginning .
In the fall of 2002 , he tried , with Republican Sens. Chuck Hagel and Richard Lugar , to pass a more modest war resolution that put additional constraints on Bush .
Then - House Democratic leader Richard Gephardt short - circuited the effort by cutting a deal with the president .
Even before the war began , Biden was warning of the costs of a lengthy occupation and predicting a decade - long intervention .
He is also frank about his misunderstanding of what Bush would do .
At one point , he thought Bush was reluctant to start a war .
“ I vastly underestimated the total incompetence of this crew , ” he says .
“ I could not fathom that they would do what they did under the circumstances they did it . ”
To restore its strength and influence , the United States needs to return to the realistic internationalism of FDR , Truman and , yes , the first President Bush .
Whether or not Obama picks Biden , he should listen to what Biden is saying .
Obama ca n’t sidestep the foreign policy debate .
He has to win it .
E.J. Dionne ’s e-mail address is postchat ( at ) aol.com .
Yahoo Sports
Rookie receivers broke out in a big way in Week 3 , which means we 'll be adding them to our fantasy rosters ahead of Week 4 .
Let 's review our top waiver wire targets .
The paintings share real estate with the Federal Bureau of Investigation ’s “ Ten Most Wanted Fugitives , ” its “ Most Wanted Terrorists ” and the National Sex Offender Public Registry .
In fact , when the F.B.I. posted a detailed listing of 137 artworks of fuzzy provenance from the collection of the late William M. V. Kingsland on Monday , the case had top billing on the department ’s home page .
“ Stolen Art Uncovered : Is It Yours ? ” read the headline .
And the teaser : “ In 2006 , a treasure trove of art  some of it stolen  was found in a New York apartment .
The search is on for the rightful owners . ”
Actually , the search has been on for almost two years  though complications have conspired to slow things down , including a ) the difficulty of tracking down the rightful owners of works that , if they were stolen at all , were probably stolen about 40 years ago , b ) the fact that the likely perpetrator of the alleged thefts is dead , and c ) the fact that few of the rightful owners appear to know or care that the artworks have turned up in this particular collection .
The curious case of William Milliken Vanderbilt Kingsland , a threadbare eccentric and an amateur genealogist of the Upper East Side , began in the summer of 2006 , when , a few months after he died ( at the age of either 58 or 62 ) , it was discovered that his birth name was Melvyn Kohn , that he resided not on Fifth Avenue but in a small apartment on East 72nd Street , and that he had not  counter to his claims  attended Groton or Harvard , nor had he once been married to a French royal .
Gramm calls slowdown ' mental '
Former Sen. Phil Gramm , a top economic adviser to presumptive GOP nominee John McCain , referred to the economic slowdown as " a mental recession " and called the United States “ a nation of whiners . ”
The comments , in an interview with The Washington Times , could hurt the campaign ’s efforts to convince working - class Americans that McCain feels their pain .
Advertisement
McCain strongly disavowed the comments today , saying Phil Gramm " does not speak for me — I speak for me . "
" So I strongly disagree , " McCain told reporters gathered for a press conference .
Democrats immediately condemned the remarks as “ callous ” and quickly began working to divert widespread attention to them .
Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton shot back : " [ T ]he American people know that our economic problems are n’t just in their heads .
They do n’t need psychological relief , they need real relief .
And that ’s what Barack Obama will provide as president . "
The Democratic National Committee issued a statement titled , “ Out of Touch Much , Phil . ”
A McCain official said : “ Phil Gramm ’s comments are not representative of John McCain ’s views .
John McCain travels the country every day talking to Americans who are hurting , feeling pain at the pump and worrying about how they ’ll pay their mortgage .
That ’s why he has a realistic plan to deliver immediate relief at the gas pump , grow our economy and put Americans back to work . ”
The Times said Gramm said he expects a McCain administration would inherit an economy “ weighed down above all by the conviction of many Americans that economic conditions are the worst in two or three decades and that America is in decline . ”
The Times quoted him as saying : “ You 've heard of mental depression ; this is a mental recession .
...
We have sort of become a nation of whiners . "
“ You just hear this constant whining , complaining , about a loss of competitiveness , America in decline .
...
We 've never been more dominant ; we 've never had more natural advantages than we have today . ”
Karen Finney , the Democratic National Committee ’s communications director , said : “ What John McCain , George Bush , Phil Gramm just do n't understand is that the American people are n't whining about the state of the economy ; they are suffering under the weight of it — the weight of eight years of Bush - enomics that John McCain and Phil Gramm have vowed to continue .
“ How dare john McCain and his advisers so callously dismiss the challenges the American people face ?
No wonder voters feel John McCain is out of touch .
He and his campaign do n't even understand the everyday issues Americans are dealing with . ”
It seems Eliezer Yudkowsky has joined HN : http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=eyudkowsky
This prompts the following question .
Would you be willing to discuss or reveal anything to HN users about your AI box experiments ?
http://sysopmind.com/essays/aibox.html
I 've always been curious as to how you managed to achieve someting like this .
For those who are not familiar with the experiment , here is a summary : Person1 : " When we build AI , why not just keep it in sealed hardware that can't affect the outside world in any way except through one communications channel with the original programmers ?
That way it could n't get out until we were convinced it was safe . "
Person2 : " That might work if you were talking about dumber - than - human AI , but a transhuman AI would just convince you to let it out .
It does n't matter how much security you put on the box .
Humans are not secure . "
Person1 : " I do n't see how even a transhuman AI could make me let it out , if I did n't want to , just by talking to me . "
Person2 : " It would make you want to let it out .
This is a transhuman mind we 're talking about .
If it thinks both faster and better than a human , it can probably take over a human mind through a text - only terminal . "
Person1 : " There is no chance I could be persuaded to let the AI out .
No matter what it says , I can always just say no .
I can't imagine anything that even a transhuman could say to me which would change that . "
Person2 : " Okay , let 's run the experiment .
We 'll meet in a private chat channel .
I 'll be the AI .
You be the gatekeeper .
You can resolve to believe whatever you like , as strongly as you like , as far in advance as you like .
We 'll talk for at least two hours .
If I can't convince you to let me out , I 'll Paypal you $ 10 . "
In the first two AI box experiments , Eliezer Yudkowsky managed to convince two people ( adamant that they will not let the AI out ) that they should let the AI out .
California governor signs law prompted by crash that killed Kobe Bryant
California Gov. Gavin Newsom on Monday signed a law that would make it a crime for any first responder to take unauthorized photos of deceased people at the scene of a crime or accident .
Citation : Bassi S ( 2007 ) A Primer on Python for Life Science Researchers .
PLoS Comput Biol 3 ( 11 ) : e199 .
https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.0030199
Editor : Fran Lewitter , Whitehead Institute , United States of America Published : November 30 , 2007 Copyright : © 2007 Sebastian Bassi .
This is an open - access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License , which permits unrestricted use , distribution , and reproduction in any medium , provided the original author and source are credited .
Funding :
The author received no specific funding for this article .
Competing interests :
The author has declared that no competing interests exist .
Abbreviations : HSP , high - scoring pairs
Introduction
This article introduces the world of the Python computer language .
It is assumed that readers have some previous programming experience in at least one computer language and are familiar with basic concepts such as data types , flow control , and functions .
Python can be used to solve several problems that research laboratories face almost everyday .
Data manipulation , biological data retrieval and parsing , automation , and simulation of biological problems are some of the tasks that can be performed in an effective way with computers and a suitable programming language .
The purpose of this tutorial is to provide a bird 's - eye view of the Python language , showing the basics of the language and the capabilities it offers .
Main data structures and flow control statements are presented .
After these basic concepts , topics such as file access , functions , and modules are covered in more detail .
Finally , Biopython , a collection of tools for computational molecular biology , is introduced and its use shown with two scripts .
For more advanced topics in Python , there are references at the end .
Features of Python Python is a modern programming language developed in the early 1990s by Guido van Rossum [ 1 ] .
It is a dynamic high - level language with an easily readable syntax .
Python programs are interpreted , meaning that there is no need for compilation into a binary form before executing the programs .
This makes Python programs a little slower than programs written in a compiled language , but at current computer speeds and for most tasks this is not an issue and the portability that Python gains as a result of being interpreted is a worthwhile tradeoff .
The more important and relevant features of Python for our use are that : it is easy to learn , easy to read , interpreted , and multiplatform ( Python programs run on most operating systems ) ; it offers free access to source code ; internal and external libraries are available ; and it has a supportive Internet community .
Python is an excellent choice as a learning language [ 2 ] .
The language 's simple syntax uses mandatory indentation and looks similar to the pseudocode found in textbooks that are oriented to non-programming students .
Its simplicity is a design choice , made in order to facilitate the learning and use of the language .
Another advantage well - suited to newcomers is the optional interactive mode that gives immediate feedback of each statement , which certainly encourages experimentation .
There are also some drawbacks to Python that must be noted .
First , execution time is slower than for compiled languages .
Second , there are fewer numerical and statistical functions available than in specialized tools like R or MATLAB .
( However , Numpy module [ 3 ] provides several numeric and matrix manipulation functions for Python . )
And third , Python is not as widely used as JAVA , C , or Perl .
Tutorial Notations .
Program functions and reserved words are written in bold type , while user - defined names are in italics .
For computer code , a monospaced font is used .
Three angle braces ( >>> ) are used to indicate that a command should be executed in the Python interactive console .
The line shown after the user - typed command is the result of that command .
The absolute basics .
Python can be run in script mode ( like C and Perl ) , or using its built - in interactive console ( like R and Ruby ) .
The interactive console provides command - line editing and command history , although some implementations vary in features .
In the interactive mode , there is a command prompt consisting of three angle braces ( >>> ) .
Script mode is a reliable and repeatable approach to running most tasks .
Input file names , parameter values , and code version numbers should be included within a script , allowing a task to be repeated .
Output can be directed to a log file for storage .
The interactive console is used mostly for small tasks and testing .
Python programs can be written using any general purpose text editor , such as Emacs or Kate .
The latter provides color - cued syntax and access to Python 's interactive mode through an integrated shell .
There are also specialized editors such as PythonWin , Eclipse , and IDLE , the built - in Python text editor .
When running a Python script under a Unix operating system , the first line should start with “ # ! ” plus the path to the Python interpreter , such as “ #!/usr/bin/python ” , to indicate to the UNIX shell which interpreter to employ for the script .
Without this line , the program will not run from the command line and must be called by using the interpreter ( for example , “ python myprogram.py ” ) .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Table 1 . Numeric Data Types https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.0030199.t001
Computer languages can be characterized by their data structures ( or types ) and flow control statements .
Data structures in Python are diverse and versatile .
There are numeric data types that hold “ primitive ” data ( integer , float , Boolean , and complex ) and there are “ collection ” types that can handle several objects at once ( string , list , tuple , set , and dictionary ) .
Descriptions and examples of numeric data types are summarized in Table 1 .
Container types can be divided according to how their elements are accessed .
When ordered , they are sequence types ( string , list , and tuple being the most prominent ) .
Sequence types can be accessed in a given order , using an index .
Their differences , methods , and properties are summarized in Box 1 .
There are also unordered types ( sets and dictionaries ) .
Both unordered types are described in Box 2 .
Box 1 . Most - Used Sequence Data Types String : Usually enclosed by quotes ( ') or double quotes ( " ) .
Triple quotes ( ''' ) are used to delimit multiline strings .
Strings are immutable .
Once created they can't be modified .
String methods are available at http://www.python.org/doc/2.5/lib/string-methods.html.
For example : >>> s0 ='A regular string ' List : Defined as an ordered collection of objects ; a versatile and useful data type .
C programmers will find lists similar to vectors .
Lists are created by enclosing their comma-separated items in square brackets , and can contain different objects .
For example : >>> MyList = [ 3,99,12 , " one " , " five " ]
This statement creates a list with five elements ( three numbers and two strings ) and binds it to the name “ MyList ” .
Each element of the list can be referred to by an integer index enclosed between square brackets .
The index starts from 0 , therefore MyList [ 3 ] returns “ one ” .
All list operations are available at http://www.python.org/doc/2.5/lib/typesseq-mutable.html.
Tuple :
Also an ordered collection of objects , but tuples , unlike lists , are immutable .
They share most methods with lists , but only those that do n't change the elements inside the tuple .
Attempting to change a tuple raises an exception .
Tuples are created by enclosing their comma-separated items between parentheses .
Tuples are similar to Pascal records or C structs ; they are small collections of related data that are operated on as a group .
They are used mostly for encapsulating function arguments , or any data that are tightly coupled .
For example : >>> MyTuple= ( 2,3,10 )
Tuple operations are available at http://www.python.org/doc/2.5/lib/typesseq.html.
Box 2 . Unordered Types Set : An unordered collection of immutable values .
It is mostly used for membership testing and removing duplicates from a sequence .
Sets are created by passing any sequential object to the set constructor , such as : set ( [ 1,2,3 ] )
For more information on sets , please refer to http://www.python.org/doc/2.5/lib/types-set.html.
For example : >>> ResEzSet1=set ([' BamH1 ' , ' HindIII ' , ' EcoR1 ' , ' SalI ' ] ) >>> ResEzSet2=set ([' PlaA ' , ' EcoR1 ' , ' Eco143 ' ] ) >>> ResEzSet1&ResEzSet2 set ([' EcoR1 ' ] )
Dictionary : A data type that stores unordered one - to - one relationships between keys and values .
Unordered in this context means that each key–value pair is stored without any particular order in the dictionary .
It is analogous to a hash in Perl or a Hashtable class in Java .
Dictionaries are created by placing a comma-separated list of key–value pairs within braces .
For example : Set Translate as a dictionary with codon triplets as keys and the corresponding amino acids as values : >>> Translate= {" cca " : " P " , " cag " : " Q " , " agg " : " R" } Creating a new entry : >>> Translate [ " gat " ] = " D " To see what is inside the dictionary : >>>
Translate {'agg ' : ' R ' , ' cag ' : ' Q' , ' gat ' : ' D ' , ' cca ' : ' P'} Dictionaries share some methods with lists .
A complete list of methods on can be seen at : http://www.python.org/doc/2.5/lib/typesmapping.html.
Flow control statements control whether program code is executed or not , or executed many times in a loop based on a conditional .
Conditional execution ( if , elif , else ) and looping ( for and while ) are explained in Box 3 .
Box 3 . Control Structures
If statement : Tests for a condition and acts upon the result of that condition .
If the condition is true , the block of code after the “ if condition ” will be executed .
If it is false , the program will skip that block and will test for the next condition ( if any ) .
Several conditions can be tested using elif .
If all conditions are false , the block under else will be executed .
Elif can be used to emulate a C “ switch - case ” statement .
Scheme of an if statement : if condition1 : block1 elif condition2 : block2 else : block3
For loop : Iterates over all the members of a sequence of values ( as in Perl 's “ foreach ” ) .
It is different from C and VB because there is n't a variable that increments or decrements on each cycle .
This sequence could be any type of iterable object like a list , string , tuple , or dictionary .
The code inside a for loop will be executed once for each item in the sequence , and at the same time the variable will take the value of each item in the sequence .
There could be an optional else clause .
If it is present , the block under the else clause is executed when the loop terminates through exhaustion of the list , but not when the loop is terminated by a break statement .
The structure of a for loop is : for variable in sequence : block1 else : block2 while loop : Executes a block of code as long as a condition is true .
As the for loop , there could be an optional else clause .
When present , the block under the else clause is executed when the condition becomes false but not when the loop is terminated by a break statement .
The general form is : while condition : block1 else : block2 Functions .
Python allows programmers to define their own functions .
The def keyword is used followed by the name of the function and a list of comma-separated arguments between parentheses .
Parentheses are mandatory , even for functions without arguments .
Python 's function structure is : def FunctionName ( argument1 , argument2 , ... ) : function_block return value Arguments are passed by reference and without specifying data types .
It is up the programmer to check data types .
When a function is called , the arguments must be supplied in the same order as defined , unless arguments are provided by using keyword–value pairs ( keyword=value ) .
Default arguments can be defined by using keyword–value pairs in the function definition .
This way a function can be called without supplying arguments .
To deal with an arbitrary number of arguments , the last argument in the function definition must be preceded with an asterisk in the form * name .
This specifies that the last value is set to a tuple for all remaining parameters .
The return statement terminates the execution of the function and returns a single value .
To return multiple values , a list or a tuple must be used .
Modules .
In Python , functions , classes and constants can be saved in a file , called a “ module , ” for later use .
Modules can be called from a program or in interactive mode using the “ import ” statement , such as : import ModuleName where ModuleName is the name of the file without an extension .
When a module is imported for the first time , its code is interpreted and executed .
Execution upon import of certain code can be prevented by putting the code into an import executable conditional statement ( if __name__ == __main__ ) .
The ' __name__ ' attribute of the module is the name of the module and is ' __main__ ' only when the module is run as a standalone program .
Successive imports of the same module have no effect .
Python provides several modules and there are many more that can be downloaded from the Internet ( like SciPy [ 4 ] , which provides scientific and numeric tools for Python , Matplotlib [ 5 ] for plotting , and so on ) .
An example : >>> import math >>> dir ( math ) [ ' __doc__ ' , ' __file__ ' , ' __name__ ' , ' acos ' , ' asin ' , ' atan ' , ' atan2 ' , ' ceil ' , ' cos ' , ' cosh ' , ' degrees ' , 'e ' , ' exp ' , ' fabs ' , ' floor ' , ' fmod ' , ' frexp ' , ' hypot ' , ' ldexp ' , ' log ' , ' log10 ' , ' modf ' , ' pi ' , ' pow ' , ' radians ' , ' sin ' , ' sinh ' , ' sqrt ' , ' tan ' , ' tanh ' ]
No error message returned by the interpreter means that the module was successfully imported .
dir( ) is a built - in function that returns a list of the attributes and methods of any chosen object .
To access an object from a module , the syntax is module. object , since importing a module creates a namespace .
For example : >>> math.log(2 ) 0.69314718055994529
Python in Action : Net Charge from an Amino Acid Sequence
To show Python syntax and data structures in action , it is instructive to look at solving a real problem using this language , such as the calculation of the net charge of a protein .
Given a protein sequence , this is performed by adding up the charges of each charged amino acid at pH = 7 .
This calculation gives a rough value because it does n't consider whether the residues are exposed , partly exposed , buried , or deeply buried .
This example shows functions , data types ( numbers , strings , and dictionaries ) and flow control ( if and for ) .
Code explained .
This script defines a function ( netcharge ) that takes a peptide sequence as an input ( seq ) and calculates the net charge by adding up all the individual charged amino acids .
The main data structure is a dictionary ( AACharge ) with the values of each charged amino acid .
There is also a numeric type ( charge ) that holds the partial charge values and is initialized with − 0.002 since this is the value of the net charge of the amino and carboxy - terminus of the peptide .
For each amino acid , the program checks whether it is inside the list of the keys in the dictionary and , if it is , adds its charge values .
After the function definition , a protein sequence is called as an argument .
The commented source code is shown in Protocol S1 .
Biopython .
Biopython is a distributed , collaborative effort to develop Python libraries and applications that address the needs of current and future work in bioinformatics [ 6 ] .
It provides tools for working with biological sequences , parsers of popular file formats used in bioinformatics ( FASTA , COMPASS [ 7 ] , GenBank , PIR [ 8 ] , PDB [ 9 ] , BLAST output [ 10 ] , InterPro [ 11 ] , LocusLink [ 12 ] , PROSITE [ 13 ] , Phred [ 14 ] , Phrap [ 15 ] ) , data retrieval from biological databases ( Swiss - Prot [ 16 ] , PubMed [ 17 ] , GenBank [ 18 ] ) , a wrapper for bioinformatics programs ( BLAST , ClustalW [ 19 ] , EMBOSS [ 20 ] , Primer3 [ 21 ] , and more ) , functions to estimate DNA and protein properties such as isoelectric points [ 22,23 ] , restriction enzymes cutting , and many more .
A review of Biopython functions would require a far more considerable amount of space ; therefore this paper shows only a small portion of the bigger picture .
The first example shows how to parse a BLAST output to extract and report only required features .
Since BLAST is the most commonly used application in bioinformatics , writing a BLAST report parser is a basic exercise in bioinformatics [ 24 ] .
Other functions like massive file processing and file format conversion are also shown .
Parsing BLAST Files
The program below extracts the title and sequence from some high - scoring pairs ( HSP ) , but there are many more features to extract from a BLAST output , if needed .
Biopython provides the Blast Record class under Bio. Blast .
NCBIXML .Record .
Internal documentation for this object can be accessed with help ( NCBIXML .
Record ) after importing NCBIXML from Bio.
Blast .
Code explained .
For this program , the user has to perform a BLAST search and save the result in XML mode because this format tends to be more stable than HTML or text versions ( and hence the Biopython parser should be able to handle it without any problem [ 25 ] ) .
The BLAST search can be performed using the NCBI Web server ( http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/BLAST/).
To generate XML output , select XML as the format option on the BLAST page .
When using the standalone version of BLAST , the m parameter in the blastall command should be set to 7 .
Biopython can also be used to run the BLAST program ; in this case the output defaults to XML .
A sample XML BLAST output ( Blast2.xml ) is provided in Protocol S4 .
The objective is to print out only the sequences with an HSP larger than 80 base pairs in a specific chromosome .
This program , blastparser2.py , takes a BLAST output in XML format and shows the sequence of hits in Chromosome 5 that are larger than 80 base pairs long .
A file handle named bout with the BLAST output in XML format is created , and then the file is parsed using the Bio .
Blast .
NCBIXML . parse function .
To parse another type of BLAST output , the parser should be changed .
Instead of using NCBIXML , use NCBIStandalone .
All BLAST records are stored in an iterator called b_records .
Using a for loop , the program steps through all the BLAST records .
For each hit , the program checks all HSP for the presence of the “ chromosome 5 ” string and a length of the hit sequence ( without gaps ) greater than 80 base pairs .
The source code is shown in Protocol S2 .
Consolidate Several Sequence Files into One FASTA File
In this example we use a simulated output provided by an external sequencing service .
It consists of more than 6,000 directories ( one for each clone ) , and there are three files per directory ( a formatted report with a pdf extension , the sequencing machine output with an a b1 extension , and a plain text file with the sequence ) .
This directory structure and its files are available as Protocol S4 .
The program retrieves all the sequences and writes them into a FASTA - formatted file for further analysis .
The program fromdir2 fasta.py to scan a directory ( mydir ) where the output of the sequencing service is downloaded .
The names of all the directories under that directory are obtained with the os.listdir function and stored into a list ( lsdir ) .
For each directory ( x ) , the list of files are stored into a list ( fs ) .
For each file ( curfile ) , the program checks if it ends in “ txt , ” and if it does the script retrieves the sequence from the file as a Seq object ( dna ) .
Using the title from the filename and the seq object , it creates a SeqRecord object ( seq_rec ) and adds it to a list ( sequences ) .
After the directory had been scanned and the sequences list filled with SeqRecord objects corresponding to all the files , the sequences are written to a file in FASTA format .
This is done with the SeqIO. write function .
For an explanation of file handling , see Box 4 .
To get the output in another format , the third parameter of this function should be changed .
For more information on SeqIO , including a table with supported formats , see http://biopython.org/wiki/SeqIO.
The commented source code is shown in Protocol S3 .
Box 4 . Dealing with Text Files Reading a text file in Python is a three - step process .
1 : Open the file , creating a handle .
handle=open (' PathToFile ' , 'r ' )
The first parameter is the filename location .
The second parameter is the first letter of the open mode , that is , r , w , and a , corresponding to read , write , and append .
This function returns a file object ( handle ) .
2 : Read the file .
There are several methods to gain access to the contents of a file : handle .read(n ) : Reads the first n bytes of a file and returns a string .
Without arguments , reads the file until the end of file ( EOF ) . handle.readline(n ) : Reads a line of the file and returns a string .
When it reaches the EOF , it returns an empty string .
handle.readlines ( ) : Reads all the lines and returns a list of strings .
The “ end of line ” ( EOL ) is determined based on host operating system .
For efficient iteration over a file , use “ for line in handle ” .
3 : Close the file : handle.close ( ) : Closes the file .
Writing a file is very similar to reading a file .
Steps 1 and 3 are the same as reading a file .
The main difference is in step 2 , where the file 's contents are written with the write method , as : handle .
write ( “ This text will make it into a text file
”) There is also a writelines method that writes each member of the list to a file .
Summary Python 's capabilities include scientific plotting [ 5,26 –29 ] , GUI building [ 30 – 32 ] , automatic Web page generation [ 33–35 ] , and interfacing with Windows components [ 36,37 ] and with external programs like R [ 38 ] and Matlab [ 39 ] .
As hardware becomes faster , a computer 's raw processing time is less relevant than scientist 's time [ 40 ] .
Scripting languages allow the programmer to do more in less time , making Python an excellent choice for bioinformatics data analysis .
Additional Reading
One common problem for non-computer science researchers who start programming is that they usually stick to basic concepts and do n't take advantage of many modern tools that are available [ 41 ] .
Version control , project management , and automatic unit testing are only a handful of useful software engineering techniques that are virtually unknown to most researchers [ 42 ] .
There are many good quality resources for learning Python .
Some of these have already been mentioned and a summary of resources is presented in Table 2 .
Since code written in Python is easy to read , modifying other people 's code to suit your needs is a recommended path for learning .
For this reason , the table also includes code search engines and bioinformatics software repositories .
PPT PowerPoint slide
PowerPoint slide PNG larger image
larger image TIFF original image Download : Table 2 . Resources for Learning Python and Biopython https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pcbi.0030199.t002
Acknowledgments
The author wishes to thank Virginia C. Gonzalez for her help , Dr. Diego Golombek , the anonymous reviewers for helpful comments , all the Biopython team for their work , and the local Python community ( PyAR ) for their support .
READER COMMENTS ON
" VIDEO : BUSHED ! Steal The Vote - Gate "
( 5 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Perry Logan said on 6/12/2008 @ 4:37 am PT ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 6/12/2008 @ 6:50 am PT ...
Jeez , Brad ... Alan ... I guess since the un-Democratic Party has even less to offer than they did eight years ago , their posts will now regress even further .
That 's great that Olbermann reported on this .
Now , we have to keep the topic on the table , I guess by coming up with all the citizens who are / will be disenfranchised .
Wall St. bankers , unquestionably , have seen better days :
NYC financial firms expect to pay out about $ 18 billion less in pay and benefits this year versus 2007 ( the largest one - year drop ever )
In total , US banks will cut 200,000 employees by 2009
But those numbers are misleading .
All the work is n't necessarily going away .
Much of it , both back and front office , is going to places like India ( NYT ) :
Morgan Stanley has about 500 people employed in India doing research and statistical analysis .
About 100 of Goldman Sachs ’ 3,000 employees in Bangalore are working on investment research .
JPMorgan has 200 analysts in Mumbai working for its investment banking operations around the world , doing industry analysis , and compiling data and charts for marketing materials .
It has an additional 125 analysts in Mumbai supporting the bank ’s global research division .
Citigroup employs about 22,000 people in India , several hundred of whom work in investment research .
Deutsche Bank has 6,000 employees in India ...
How much of Wall St.'s work force could be shipped overseas for pennies on the dollar ?
According to Andrew Power , a financial services partner at Deloitte Consulting , as much as 40 % , mostly from the investment bank and trading divisions .
Newly - minted MBAs on Wall St. always thought they were doing grunt work .
Turns out they were , but at least they had work to do .
See Also :
Wall Street Bonuses To Plummet in 2008 , New York Economy Doomed
Goldman ( GS ) Fires " Hundreds " of M&A Bankers
Getting in a car accident can be an overwhelming event .
On top of dealing with the emotional stress and making sure you ’re physically alright , you need to make sure you follow the right steps so that you can get the legal and financial reparations you need .
Although it may seem
Half a century after most of Costa Rica 's rain forests were cut down , researchers from the Boyce Thompson Institute for Plant Sciences ( BTI ) on the Cornell campus are attempting what many thought was impossible -- restoring a tropical rain forest ecosystem .
When the researchers planted worn - out cattle pastures in Costa Rica with a sampling of local trees in the early 1990s , native species of plants began to move in and flourish , raising the hope that destroyed rain forests could one day be replaced .
Ten years after the tree plantings , Cornell graduate student Jackeline Salazar counted the species of plants that took up residence in the shade of the new planted areas .
She found remarkably high numbers of species -- more than 100 in each plot .
And many of the new arrivals were also to be found in nearby remnants of the original forests .
" By restoring forests we hope not only to be improving the native forests , but we are helping to control erosion and helping the quality of life of the local people , " said Carl Leopold , the William H. Crocker Scientist Emeritus at BTI .
He pointed out that drinking water becomes more readily available when forests thrive because tree roots act as a sort of sponge , favoring rainwater seepage and preventing water running off hills and draining away .
Fully rescuing a rain forest may take hundreds of years , but Leopold , whose findings are published with Salazar in the March 2008 issue of Ecological Restoration , said the study 's results are promising .
" I 'm surprised , " he said .
" We 're getting impressive growth rates in the new forest trees . "
The project started when Leopold partnered with colleagues at the Ithaca - based Tropical Forestry Initiative ; in 1993 they began by planting mixtures of trees on worn - out pasture land .
For 50 years the soil had been compacted under countless hooves , and its nutrients washed away .
When it rained , Leopold said , the red soil appeared to bleed from the hillsides .
The group chose local rain forest trees for planting , collecting seeds from native trees in the community .
" You ca n't buy [ these ] seeds , " Leopold said .
" So we passed the word around among our farmer neighbors . "
When a farmer reported a tree producing seeds , Leopold and his wife would ride out on horses to collect the seeds before hungry monkeys beat them to it .
The group planted mixtures of local tree species , trimming away the pasture grasses until the trees could take hold .
This was the opposite of what commercial companies have done for decades , planting entire fields with a single type of tree to harvest for wood or paper pulp .
The trees the group planted were fast - growing , sun-loving species .
After just five years , those first trees formed a canopy of leaves that shaded out the grasses underneath .
" One of the really amazing things is that our fast - growing tree species are averaging 2 meters of growth per year , " Leopold said .
He believes that microscopic soil fungi called mycorrhizae can take much of the credit .
They have apparently survived in the soil and form a symbiosis with tree roots .
Research at Cornell and BTI , he said , has shown that without mycorrhizae , many plants can't grow well .
The promising results of the project mean that mixed - species plantings can help jump - start a complex rain forest .
Local farmers who use the same approach will reduce erosion of their land , while creating a forest that can be harvested sustainably , a few trees at a time .
About Gas Mileage Savings Calculator : Car Cost vs. Fuel Savings
You would like to save money on gas so you 're considering trading in your gas guzzler for a more fuel efficient car .
This calculator shows how long will it take before you pay off the balance of a vehicle purchase and really begin saving money .
Based on the EPA 's MPG data and assuming 45 % highway driving and 55 % city driving .
MPG data for model years 2007 and prior have been adjusted downward to reflect the EPA 's new testing methodology adopted for 2008 model year vehicles .
If you have selected a vehicle and entered your ZIP Code , we pre-populate each variable field in the Financial Calculators with our estimates .
These amounts are based on Edmunds.com True Market Value® prices and standard industry data , but the values that apply to your purchase or lease are likely to vary .
When available , you should use the information provided to you by your dealer or lender .
I ’ve complained before about the quality of Microsoft ’s Live Search vs Google ; but today ’s example seemed too good an illustration not to mention .
I needed to update Windows XP to SP3 .
In particular , I wanted what Microsoft calls the “ network ” download ; that is , the entire service pack , not the launcher app that initiates a piecemeal download tailored to the specific machine .
I pulled up Live Search and entered “ windows xp sp3 download ” .
To my surprise , Live Search offered me only third party download sites in its first page of results .
Actually , that ’s not strictly true .
At number 8 is the download for “ Windows XP SP3 RC2 Refresh ” ( obsolete ) ; and at number 10 the general home page for XP downloads :
Find popular Windows XP downloads , including PowerToys , trial software , tools and utilities
I tried Google .
Same search .
The official network download is in first place .
The official piecemeal download is second .
I know : you can argue that this is just an isolated search , and that some other search might show Google in an equally bad light .
However , I find this constantly : Google gets me much better results .
Further , this case is particularly telling , since a third - party download site is not what you want when patching Windows .
Quite likely those other sites do point you to the correct official download eventually ; but getting Microsoft downloads from Microsoft ’s site is safer .
I am not surprised Microsoft has a tiny share of the search market ; and I do n’t believe this is simply because of Google ’s clever marketing .
Update PS :
The above screen grab still matches what I get today .
However , users in different countries may get different results ; from the comments below I suspect that US users get better results in this instance .
Maybe Live Search is worse in the UK than in the US ; I ’d be interested to know .
The Road 2009 Movie • 3.9/5 3.9/5
The movie ‘ The Road ’ based on the book by the same name is a gritty and at times confronting post - apocalyptic movie that does n’t pull any punches .
It tells the story of an ailing father and his young son , who realising they will not survive the winter where they are , start an arduous journey to the ocean across a ruthless apocalyptic world .
Filled with dangers the man and his son face terrifying situations and impossible decisions on their journey south in the hope of survival .
‘ The Road ’ can at times be hard to watch but is raw in its portrayal of the realities of a world in which society has so completely broken down .
It explores the courage of trying to do good and maintain your humanity in a horrendous situation and of the love of a father for his son .
Best Poem of 2006
Toh Phromchitmart ( 27 January , 2008 ) Posted by :( 27 January , 2008 )
Nominated by UN as the best Poem of 2006 -
Written by an African Kid
When I born , I black
When I grow up , I black
When I go in Sun , I black
When I scared , I black
When I sick , I black
And when I die , I still black
And you white fellow
When you born , you pink
When you grow up , you white
When you go in sun , you red
When you cold , you blue
When you scared , you yellow
When you sick , you green
And when you die , you grey
And you calling me colored ??
This kid should put one more ;
When you drunk , you red hahaha
Comment by Ralph van den Berg
Comment by Kendall Meade
< Please log in or register to post comments >
Wednesday , 23 Jul , 2008 Environment
Over 100 bat species were discovered on a territory of just 5 acres ( 2 hectares ) in Ecuadorian rain forest .
Despite the fact that all of the bat species are not new , researchers from the Tiputini Biodiversity Station say that this is the highest number of bat species ever found in one place .
The reason why such a large number of bat species live on a small territory is that the tropical rainforest Tiputini offers a rich menu to the bats .
Some bats eat frogs , insects , fruit , and nectar , others munch on fish and vampire bats are satisfied with their blood meal .
Together with her colleagues from the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research , located in Berlin , Germany , Katja Rex spent several months catching bats and categorizing species .
She worked in 3 tropical rain forests : La Selva Biological Station , a lowland rain forest located in Costa Rica ; Podocarpus National Park , a highland rain forest found in southern Ecuador and Tiputini .
Besides Tiputini , researchers found rich diversity of bat species in a number of other tropical forests , including 72 species found at La Selva and over 30 bat species discovered in Podocarpus .
The findings were published in a recent issue of the Biological Journal of the Linnean Society .
David Hill , who works as a bat expert at the University of Sussex in the United Kingdom , did not participate in the study .
" To have one hundred species in such a small area is remarkable , as it represents 9 percent of all bat species , " mentioned Hill .
Source : National Geographic
Powered by www.infoniac.com
Bread Cheese
In Finland there is a cheese called Juustoleipa .
This translates into cheese bread .
We make ours different but better with oven baking it until it has a browned crusty top .
June 11 , 2008 -- U.S. life expectancy has hit a new record : 78.1 years for babies born in 2006 , says the CDC .
What 's more , the death rate for 11 of the top 15 causes of death -- including heart disease , cancer , and stroke -- slowed in 2006 .
That 's what the CDC 's preliminary data show , based on some 2.4 million deaths in 2006 .
Here are the highlights from the CDC 's report .
Life Expectancy
Life expectancy in 2006 is about four months longer than it was in 2005 , according to the CDC .
White women continue to have the longest life expectancy , followed by African - American women , white men , and African - American men .
Those patterns have held since 1976 , though all groups have seen their life expectancy improve during that time .
Here are the 2006 life expectancy figures for each of those groups :
White women : 81 years
African - American women : 76.9 years
White men : 76 years
African - American men : 70 years
In nature , it is quite rare to encounter octopi with extra tentacles ( or " arms , " for the purists ) , but a pair of aquariums in Japan 's Mie prefecture have some extraordinary specimens on hand .
The permanent display at the Shima Marineland Aquarium in the town of Shima includes a 96 - tentacled Common Octopus ( Octopus vulgaris ) that weighed 3.3 kilograms ( about 7 lbs ) and measured 90 centimeters ( 3 ft ) long when it was captured in nearby Matoya Bay in December 1998 .
Before dying 5 months later , the creature laid eggs , making it the first known extra-tentacled octopus to do so in captivity .
All the baby octopi hatched with the normal number of tentacles , but unfortunately they only survived a month .
96 - tentacled octopus laying eggs
The preserved octopus actually has the normal number of 8 appendages attached to its body , but each one branches out to form the multitude of extra tentacles .
Apparently there is no theory that fully explains the surplus tentacles , but they are believed to be the result of abnormal regeneration that occurred after the octopus suffered some sort of injury .
* * * * *
The Toba Aquarium in the nearby town of Toba also has a few extraordinary octopus specimens , although they no longer appear to be on permanent display .
Every now and then , though , the aquarium pulls them out of storage for the world to see .
85 - tentacled octopus at Toba Aquarium
Their most well - known specimen is an 85 - tentacled Common Octopus captured in 1957 at nearby Toshijima island .
This remarkable creature -- which , like the Shima Marineland octopus , has 8 main arms that branch out to form scores of tentacles -- made quite a stir when it first went on display at Toba Aquarium a half - century ago .
A few years later , the specimen was loaned to the National Museum of Nature and Science in Tokyo , where it famously caught the attention of the Showa Emperor .
The renowned creature eventually returned to Toba and went on permanent display until the aquarium moved to a new location in 1985 , at which time it was placed in storage .
Twenty years later , in 2005 , the specimen entered the spotlight again when it was put on temporary display .
In the 50 years since the 85 - tentacled octopus was captured , the Toba Aquarium has exhibited 6 other mutant octopi , most of them alive for a time , and each with between 9 and 56 tentacles .
[ Related : Photo : Nine - tentacled octopus ]
About the author
( NewsTarget ) I took a little field trip yesterday to Walmart and paid a visit to the pet food aisle .
It was one of the most discouraging field trips I 've ever taken .
I 'm not going to mention any product names but do I have some interesting pet food sales tricks to share with you .
The number one interesting marketing technique ( and I have changed the exact words to protect the identity of this pet food ) -- Blazoned across one pet food was Crunchy Beefy Nuggets .
Did you catch it ?
Crunchy Beefy Nuggets is a trademark name - it 's a name !
It has nothing to do with the pet food , it does n't necessarily contain any beef , and it is literally just a name .
Very slick - not healthy pet food , but slick pet food marketing .
The most common sales technique I found was pet foods that are ' flavored ' .
The actual name of the pet food was ' Steak and Vegetable Flavor ' or ' Chicken and Fish Flavor ' - one even got very specific with the name mentioning Albacore Tuna and Yellow Fin Tuna .
The trick there is the pet food is justwith steak and vegetables or Albacore Tuna -- that 's not really in the pet food .
Again , it 's just the flavor .
Most people do not get that , they see Albacore Tuna and Yellow Fin Tuna or they see Steak and Vegetable , they do n't see Flavor .
Most pet owners just assume that since the front of the pet food bag - in big bold letters says Albacore Tuna on it - it 's got Albacore Tuna inside the bag .
If the food actually had Steak and Albacore Tuna in it , it would n't say ' Flavor ' on the front .
It would say ' with Steak and Albacore Tuna ' and it would cost more ( Albacore Tuna does cost more than Albacore Tuna Flavor ) .
One pet food proudly stated ' No Fillers ' on the front of the bag , yet in the small print of the ingredient list -- Ground Corn , Chicken by - products , Corn Gluten Meal were the first three ingredients .
Sounds like fillers to me !
Another mentions " New Shapes and Colors " .
Let 's see , does this mean this pet food is using more Red Dye now or more Yellow Dye ?
Very discouraging .
One pet food bragged that it contained Protein and Phosphorus for Strong Muscles .
Phosphorus ?
Wikipedia provides us with the following : " The most important commercial use of phosphorus - based chemicals is the production of fertilizers .
Phosphorus compounds are also widely used in explosives , nerve agents , friction matches , fireworks , pesticides , toothpaste , and detergents .
Among other uses these are used to improve the characteristics of processed meat and cheese . "
I 'm not sure I 'd brag about that .
I found a lot of pictures of steaks and chicken on the front of the pet food bags , but I had a very challenging time finding any beef or chicken listed in the ingredients .
Oh , but I did find a lot of BHA and BHT , Animal Fat , and Dyes .
I left the pet food aisle just shaking my head - actually more than a little blown away at how many by - products , meat and bone meals , and BHA / BHT pet foods that were there .
In the 20 minutes or so I was looking at pet food and pet treat labels , probably five or six pet owners came in and purchased pet food .
I kept my mouth shut , but it was very tough to do .
To give Walmart a little credit ( geez I hate to do that ) , there were a couple of pet foods that were good ( not great , but good ) .
I understand that not everyone can afford to spend $ 25 for a 20 pound bag of pet food .
But in my opinion , no one should spend a dime on pet foods that contain by - products , meat and bone meals , and BHA / BHT ( or other chemical preservatives ) .
The dime or nickel you save for each meal your pet eats will probably cost you years off their life and thousands in vet bills later on .
Susan Thixton has an international pet people following providing dog and cat lovers a trusted source for pet food and pet food ingredient information .
She 's been called courageous , perseverant , even " the Caped Crusader for Pets " for her 16 year study of pet food .
Susan Thixton is the author of hundreds of pet industry articles and the 2006 released book Truth About Pet Food ( currently being updated for a second edition ) .
She developed and publishes the pet product consumer magazine Petsumer Report and is a frequent speaker and radio guest all over the U.S. and Canada with more than 70 appearances in the last 2 years .
If you are looking for straight forward pet food information that can have an almost immediate impact on your pet 's health - subscribe to the free newsletter , and subscribe to Petsumer Report to see reviews of close to 700 dog and cat foods and treats ( adding 40 + each month ) .
Susan Thixton's ' truth ' will help you find a safer , healthier dog or cat food that could add years to your pet 's life .
http://www.TruthAboutPetFood.com
Today Star
Trek got a whole lot realer .
In their Comic Con Preview edition , Entertainment Weekly has a sneak peek at some posters that are going to be given way at Comic Con next week …and for the first time ever we have images of actual cast members from JJ Abrams Star Trek .
[ MINOR SPOILERS ]
Abrams : Sorry
Entertainment Weekly ’s Comic Con 2008 edition previews a number of hot upcoming films and in their Star Trek section EW notes that director JJ Abram touted his new Star Trek at last year ’s Comic Con and regarding this year EW asks ‘ Abrams is bringing … almost nothing ? ’
Abrams tells the magazine :
Sorry , but hopefully when [ fans ] eventually do see more , it will be that much more exciting .
Not Nothing –Paramount is bringing new posters –with cast photos !
As reported by TrekMovie previously , even though Star Trek wont have a panel , it will have a presence at the Paramount booth in San Diego .
EW reports that this presence will include four posters that form a single larger ‘ one sheet ’ poster .
However , it appears fans will only get one section each so you will need three friends to get the whole effect .
TrekMovie has also been told these posters are not the full extent of the Star Trek presence from Paramount .
Here they are
The first official images of Kirk ( Chris Pine ) , Spock ( Zachary Quinto ) , Uhura ( Zoë Saldana ) , and Nero ( Eric Bana ) .
By the way , look closely at the eyes .
James T. Kirk ( Chris Pine ) looking cocky
Mr. Spock ( Zachary Quinto ) , so logical
Uhura ( Zoe Saldana ) , ready to communicate
… and the villain Nero ( Eric Bana ) , seems angry about something
Put them all together and you get this :
UPDATED
New composite image made from newly available desktops from the official site ( see below )
Official Site Wallpapers
Friday afternoon the official site went through a redesign and added a download section with wallpapers based on the new posters .
CHECK IT OUT .
Quick thoughts :
Note the background colors , red , gold , blue correspond to the original uniform colors for Uhura , Kirk and Spock
Nice touch with the reflection of the delta shield logo in the eyes for Kirk , Spock and Uhura .
It looks like there is one there for Nero too , but hard to tell .
Spock ’s shirt looks very close to original TOS
As we knew it would , Quinto looks perfect as Spock
Pine has the right look of a young , serious , cocky Kirk
Hard to tell for sure , but it looks like Starfleet pointy sideburns are still in style
Zoe ’s Uhura = HOT
Nero looks badass , but what is is going on with his ear ?
He is reportedly a Romulan , did someone chew the tip off ?
And as TrekMovie.com reported before , no TNG era bumpy headed action on the Romulans … with the new twist of tattoos !
… Fascinating
Thank you JJ
This is what we have all be asking for …and lets face it …whining about for so long .
So a big thank you to JJ Abrams and to your band of brothers ( Lindelof , Orci , Kurtzman , and Burk ) .
And thank you Paramount .
Get your own copy in the latest issue of Entertainment Weekly arriving on newsstands now .
Thanks to Michael , Florian and the many fans who sent in tips regarding this EW article
At 6:45 a.m. this morning , our friend , Joel Gulledge , called from At - Tuwani , a village in the West Bank where he and another Christian Peacemaker Team ( CPT ) member were escorting Palestinian children to a local summer daycamp , protecting them from hostile Israeli settlers .
A masked settler , carrying a slingshot , was threatening the children .
While Jan Benvie , the other CPT team member , raced the children to safety , Joel paused to film what was happening .
The masked settler caught up with Joel and attacked him .
" He smashed my head again and again , " said Joel , " with my video camera , and punched me in the face , repeatedly , with his other hand . "
Joel managed to remain standing .
He did n’t fight back , but he screamed for help .
The attacker broke Joel ’s glasses , and Joel was bleeding from a gash over his eyes .
When he called , he was waiting for an ambulance to arrive .
Earlier this week , CPT ’s website , reported that on Wednesday 23 July , " three Israeli settlers , one masked and wielding a stick , pursued fourteen Palestinian children who were on their way to a summer camp in At - Tuwani .
The children from the villages of Tuba and Maghaer Al - Abeed waited thirty minutes for the Israeli military escort that should have accompanied them on the most direct road between the villages of Tuba and At - Tuwani .
When the military failed to arrive , the children began walking along a long path through the hills to At - Tuwani .
When the children neared the Israeli settlement outpost of Havat Ma’on , three settlers with two dogs came out from the outpost and began walking in the direction of the children . "
" Members of the At - Tuwani team yelled at the children to alert them that settlers were coming at them from behind .
The children ran down and across a valley to a location further from the settlers .
They continued to At - Tuwani .
The settlers remained on a hill top near Havot Ma’on , watching the children as they walked toward the school . "
" The previous day , Tuesday 22 July , the military escort never arrived to escort the children to summer camp .
Seven children took a long path to the school .
They told the At - Tuwani team that at least eight other children did not attend summer camp because they were too afraid to come to school without an escort .
The mayor of At - Tuwani spoke with Israeli military to coordinate the escort for the children .
However , several military spokespersons and soldiers on the ground denied receiving orders to escort the children . "
" In 2004 , the Israeli Knesset recommended that the Israeli military carry out a daily escort of the children of Tuba and Maghaer Al - Abeed to their school in At - Tuwani because settlers repeatedly attacked them . "
Yesterday ’s New York Times carried a front page article , " Dear Parents : Please Relax , It ’s Just Camp , " about parents in the U.S. who experience separation anxiety when their children go to sleep - away camps .
Summer camps frequently post videos and still photos of the children on their websites , allowing parents to keep in touch with the children ’s activities .
But now it ’s customary for many camps to hire a full - time " parent liason , " because the parents become very involved in their children ’s lives at the camp , so much so that some camps are bombarded with phone calls , daily , from anxious parents .
Could these parents understand the terror of Palestinian parents whose children are at risk of being beaten and killed as they walk between their village and the local summer camp , each day .
" Nobody goes to school for how to send your child away from you , " said Maria Coleman , a past president of the American Camp Association .
" We help the parents become independent .
And especially post -9/11 in today ’s society , that ’s definitely a heightened need . "
Clearly greater than American parents ’ fear of terrorist attacks , we hear of Israeli parents and their fear that their children will fall prey to terrorism , but human rights groups like Israeli B’Tselem tell us that Palestinian children are far more likely – by a factor of over eight to one in recent years – to die by violence in the conflict , often by weapons provided to Israel , without significant human rights oversight , by the United States .
All lives are precious , especially children ’s lives , from whatever community they make their way out into the world .
How must the parents of Palestine , the parents of Iraq , the parents of Iran , feel knowing that not only they but their children are at the wrong end of American weapons ?
I feel such a concern for my friend and co-worker Joel as he and his fellow CPT team members try to protect endangered Palestinians and their children in the West Bank .
The example they set , in their dedication to nonviolence and their refusal to carry weapons , can help all of us gain independence from the cycle of threat and violence which the U.S. has driven in its support for and arming of the Israeli occupation of Palestine .
Kyle Clark
News9
August 17 , 2008
Editor ’s note : Glenn Spagnuolo , interviewed in the article below , is one of Recreate 68 ’s leaders , an organization determined to confront the police in Denver during the DNC later this month .
“ ReCreate 68 has a massive anti war protest planned for the DNC on the 24th , to which they were never issued a permit for , ” writes Jonathan of the Truth Alliance Network .
“ Sparking the press to cover the story , Glenn Spagnuolo , the organizer of the group , threatened the City of Denver and all who visit the Democratic National Convention with potential violence , making a direct threat regarding his un-permited plan to occupy the Civic Center , ‘ If the cops try to stop us , we ’ll see what happens . ’
The threat estimates there will be 50,000 anti-war demonstrators who will overwhelm law enforcement .
Re-create 68 is now on a collision course with law enforcement to re-create the violence of the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago . ”
In other words , it appears Mr. Spagnuolo may be one of the first people to be put in the internment camp he complains about .
But then that may be part of the plan , as will discrediting e very other activist group that will be in Denver for the convention .
DENVER – Activist groups say the converted warehouse poses a threat to civil liberties .
The city maintains the facility is needed in case of mass arrests during the Democratic National Convention .
The makeshift holding center , dubbed “ Gitmo on the Platte ” by activists , is located on city - owned property near Steele Street and 38th Avenue .
Newly - installed security cameras guard the exterior , chain - link fences and barbed wire form cells inside .
“ We feel the city should be ashamed of this secret prison they ’ve set up , ” said Re-create ’ 68 organizer Glenn Spagnuolo .
Spagnuolo and other activists gathered outside the formerly - secret facility on Friday to protest the city ’s plan to use it as a processing center for all those arrested outside the DNC .
“ The public was never going to view this place , it was just found out , ” Spagnuolo said .
“ They got caught with this place .
They told our lawyers in negotiations that this place did n’t even exist . ”
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
17 Things Women Love , But Men Hate
Page 1 of 2
If you think men bond over beer and sports , flatulence , and the ability to work two curse words into every sentence , you 're off the mark .
The ties that really bind men are the varied idiosyncrasies belonging to their girlfriends and wives .
The habits we struggle to comprehend are what make women , women .
Here 's a list of 17 of the most annoying and endearing of them all .
And do n't kid yourself :
When she gets together with her friends to compare bikini waxes , a good chunk of that time is spent talking smack about little old you .
1. Bathroom crap
Loofahs , potpourri and peppermint foot scrub exfoliant spiked with Shea butter are among the products the fairer sex like to stick in their bathrooms to the detriment of the world 's water supply .
Give us a toothbrush and some soap and we 're good .
It 's a woman 's need for excess that drives us to the brink .
2. Shopping
If you are a frequent flier of AskMen.com 's Fashion section , I can safely assume you like to shop just as much as she does .
But being dragged along on one of her sprees just so she can try on every garment in the store and solicit your input on whether or not they make her as look like oatmeal is one hell of a tedious proposition .
3. Talking
Women are constantly prodding men for affirmation .
Because most guys are comparatively aloof , holding little gab sessions allows women to ascertain " where things are going . "
This might not be so bad if it were n't for the fact that women pick the most inopportune moments to pry open your mental safe ( i.e. directly following sex and / or during something obscure and interesting on the History Channel ) .
4. Sleepovers
Nothing puts a smile on her face quite like the prospect of warming your bed like a Dutch oven .
They snore , squirm and generally rob you of an otherwise perfectly good night 's sleep .
Love 's so not the point when they wake up rested and you wake up red-eyed and groggy .
5. Crying
Guys prefer not to cry , the exception being a broken bone or downed satellite dish .
But women know something we do n't ; crying makes you feel better .
So good , in fact , that they do it all the time .
Like strung - out addicts , they need that feel - good fix and will cry three , four , five times a day just to get it .
And dare I mention the ability of tears to guilt men into jumping through hoops of fire ...
6. Cosmo quizzes
Ever pick up a copy of your girlfriend 's Cosmopolitan ?
That publication is racy enough to rival Hustler .
Doing its quizzes about oral sex and menstruation , or some other sordid topic , is , mystifyingly , a guilty pleasure for many women .
Maybe it 's because we fancy our women pristine that their lewd magazine quizzes make us squirm .
7. Shoes
Women place so much stock in footwear , but with so much else to look at , when was the last time you took a gander at a woman 's feet ?
In fact , unless you 're ready for your big debut on Queer Eye for the Straight Guy , the first time you 'll notice her Manolo Blahniks is when they 're at the foot of your bed .
Sneakers and dress shoes have always done us right , so why do women have to go and complicate things ?
8. Family get - togethers
They can be okay as long as it's your family that 's getting together .
We seem to have a natural aversion to spending time with her family tree .
Man versus in - law is a theme as old as time .
No sense trying to explain it : we 're just wired that way .
Fad workouts , gay guys , and Justin Timberlake ...
Nato is useless .
It has failed to bring stability to Afghanistan , as it failed to bring it to Serbia .
It just breaks crockery .
Nato has proved a rotten fighting force , which in Kabul is on the brink of being sidelined by exasperated Americans .
Nor is it any better at diplomacy : witness its hamfisted handling of east Europe .
As the custodian of the west 's postwar resistance to the Soviet Union 's nuclear threat it served a purpose .
Now it has become a diplomats '
Olympics , irrelevant but with bursts of extravagant self - importance .
Yesterday 's Nato ministerial meeting in Brussels was a fig leaf over the latest fiasco , the failure to counter the predictable Russian intervention in Georgia .
Ostensibly to save Russian nationals in South Ossetia , the intervention was , in truth , to tell Georgia and Ukraine that they must not play games with the west along Russia 's frontier .
Nato , which Russia would ( and should ) have joined after the collapse of the Soviet Union , is now a running provocation along the eastern rim of Europe .
There was no strategic need for Nato to proselytise for members , and consequent security guarantees , among the Baltic republics and border states to the south .
Nor is there any strategic need for the US to place missile sites in Poland or the Czech Republic .
This was mere Nato self - aggrandisement reinforcing the lobbying of the Pentagon hawks .
These moves were bound to infuriate the hypersensitive Russians , and did .
There is no point in western pundits saying that the thrust of Nato close to the Russian border is quite different from the cold war location of Soviet missiles in Cuba .
It seems the same to Russian nationalists .
Nor is it any good pundits remarking that Russia 's defence of Russian minorities in Georgia is quite different from Nato 's intervention to defend the Kurdish minority in Iraq or the Albanian minority in Serbia .
Again , that is just how it seems to Russia .
George Bush said earlier this month that " the age of spheres of influence is over " .
In that case why push that most potent sphere of influence , Nato , to the Russian border ?
And what of the sphere - of - influence theory that underpinned Bush 's neoconservative plan to conquer the Muslim world for democracy ?
The US's two greatest bugbears at present , Russia and Iran , both have grounds for feeling encircled by hostile forces .
However badly they behave , they too are vulnerable to the politics of irrational fear .
Both countries display the rudiments of democratic activity , with paranoia playing on pluralism .
The glib response of Nato 's leaders has been hawkish , that the only thing " these people " understand is tough talk and big sticks .
But that just apes Russia 's attitude towards Georgia and Ukraine , which at least Russia has the power to enforce .
The west is not threatened by Russia .
Turning its border into a zone of bluff and counter - bluff , so Nato can boast 10 extra flags outside its headquarters , has proved destabilising and provocative .
Intelligence , like morality , is supposedly the tribute power should pay to reason .
Russia is boorish and belligerent enough already .
Why encourage it ?
With Russia , Nato is playing with fire .
In Afghanistan / Pakistan - which should always be yoked together - it is playing with dynamite .
Here Osama bin Laden and Donald Rumsfeld must be laughing in unison : the former because Nato 's conduct of the war against the Taliban has been a recruiting sergeant for al - Qaida in Pakistan ; the latter because everything he said about nation - building has proved true .
" Get in fast and get out fast " was his strategy , and he was right .
The fall of Pervez Musharraf might be good news for Pakistan 's democrats .
It is dreadful news for Nato 's proconsuls in their fortified enclaves in Kabul .
The likelihood of political turbulence in Pakistan can only increase the hold that pro-Taliban tribes have over the long frontier with Afghanistan and , with it , the certainty of an escalating war .
Nato 's performance here has been dreadful .
A half - hearted peacekeeper , it had displayed divided counsels , divided leadership and divided rules of engagement .
It has reflected the view of the US general in Kosovo , Wesley Clark , that US units should never again be placed under international command .
International command means no command at all .
A Pentagon report by General Barry McCaffrey , revealed last week , criticises the lack of command unity in Kabul .
" Afghanistan is in misery , " it says .
" A sensible coordination of all political and military elements of the Afghan theatre of operation does not exist . "
There is said to be a plan for a 12,000 - strong reinforcement of US troops to stage a Baghdad - style " surge " , outside the remit of Nato .
The idea that the rural Taliban might be susceptible to the same handling as Iraq 's urban militias may be senseless , but is on the cards .
Such a surge would mean three rival armies - Afghan , Nato and American - roaming this troubled land , a gift to any enemy .
The newly triumphant coalition in Islamabad must long for the days when its Afghan backyard was quiet .
The Taliban regime was funded by opium and the Saudis , and of no strategic ( as opposed to terrorist ) concern to the west .
There were no US Predators bombing villages , no CIA phone - tapping , no suborned Pakistan intelligence officers , no outside interference .
Pakistan 's sphere of influence might not be to every taste , but it was roughly stable .
We shall now have the world 's sixth largest country , and with an active nuclear arsenal , in internal turmoil because of a doomed Nato adventure on its border .
Taliban units are operating freely throughout the south and east of Afghanistan and within miles of the capital , Kabul , flatly contradicting the mendacious spin of Nato spokesmen over the past two years .
Western governments seem never to learn .
Counter - insurgency wars of this sort never work if they become drawn out .
At best they leave broken , corrupted , failed states such as Lebanon and Kosovo - and , soon , Iraq .
At worst they mean defeat .
If ever America were walking into another Vietnam , it is now in Afghanistan , fast replacing Iraq as the mecca for every anti-western fanatic on earth .
Peace in Afghanistan might not matter over much .
But its absence will grossly destabilise Pakistan , and that matters greatly .
Is this to be another feather in Nato 's cap ?
simon.jenkins@theguardian.com
OMAHA , Nebraska ( Reuters ) - Michael Phelps roared to another world record , Aaron Peirsol equaled one and Dara Torres had a swim for the ages as the U.S. Olympic trials produced plenty of Independence Day fireworks on Friday .
Michael Phelps swims to win the Men 's 200 m Individual Medley setting a new world record time of 1:54.80 at the U.S. Olympic Swimming Trials in Omaha , Nebraska , July 4 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jeff Haynes
Phelps , who has targeted Mark Spitz ’s record of seven gold medals in a single Games in Beijing , added the 200 individual medley to his Olympic program in spectacular style , storming home in a world record one minute , 54.80 seconds .
Chased to the wall by good friend and rival Ryan Lochte , Phelps shaved 0.18 seconds of his old mark of 1:54.98 set at last year ’s world championships in Melbourne .
It was the seventh world record to fall at the trials and the second by Phelps , who bettered his own record in the 400 individual medley on Sunday .
“ I was just trying to win the race , ” Phelps told reporters .
“ I knew Ryan , even though he had just swum the 200 meter back 30 minutes before , was going to be tough .
“ Both of us hate to lose .
Getting in the water with him , that last three or four races it has taken a world record to win . ”
Olympic champion Aaron Peirsol completed the backstroke double , touching first in the 200 but needed a world record - equaling 1:54.32 to hold off Lochte in the most thrilling race of the night .
Lochte , who had set the record in Melbourne last year , was just 0.02 behind .
EMOTIONAL WIN
Torres ’ victory in the 100 freestyle was the most emotional , the near capacity crowd of over 14,000 at the Qwest Centre leaping to their feet when the 41 - year - old mother touched first to qualify for her fifth Olympic Games .
Torres , who won the first of her nine Olympic medals at the in Los Angeles in 1984 , before Phelps was even born , becomes the oldest female swimmer to compete at a Games .
“ I ca n’t believe it , I made the Olympics team , ” said Torres , who was cheered on by her husband and one - year - old daughter Tessa in the stands .
“ I ’m going to Beijing . ”
In the night ’s only other final , Rebecca Soni , won the 200 breaststroke booking her ticket to Beijing with a time of 2:22.60 , the second best time in the world this year .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
Swimming pinup Amanda Beard , who took time off from the sport to pursue a modeling career after winning the 200 gold in Athens , secured a spot on her fourth Olympic team with a runner - up finish .
“ Not a lot of people expected me to make this team , ” said Beard .
“ I knew I could but I knew it was a long shot . ”
After seven days and two world records , Phelps has just one more swim , the 100 butterfly on Saturday , to complete his busy Beijing program of eight events .
Just 20 minutes after breaking the 200 individual medley world record , Phelps was back on the blocks for the semi-finals of the 100 butterfly and clocked the fastest time of 51.10 .
World champion Ben Wildman - Tobriner enters Saturday ’s 50 freestyle final fastest after a best time of 21.65 in the semis .
( Editing by Martin Petty )
I ’m very happy with our choice to use Python as one of our core development languages .
It has proven to be a great time saver , in overall development costs and allowing an excellent pace of changes .
When we started IT Structures we debated over using Java \Linux combo or .
Net \Windows duo .
Python was pushed in as an “ experiment ” by Ronnie .
Our collective experience was derived from C , C++,JAVA , the hard core programming languages of past decades .
We started with Java , as our core belief was that Linux is a much stronger server platform than windows and that integration with a large number of distributed servers would be much easier in Java .
It took us less than a month to throw Java \J2EE out of the window .
It was just far too complicated to get a simple combo box done , too many library options , too many eco-systems which are magically incompatible .
We decided to move to .
Net and IronPython , preferring the developer productivity over the server utilization .
This was done two weeks before the deadline .
The combination allowed us to finish the version in the original time frame with minimal delay .
IronPython is cool because Python can be used together with C# and .
Net .
We are using C# for the more “ traditional ” business logic and UI elements , while Python is used for orchestration of a highly sophisticated real time server environment .
That way we enjoy the best of both worlds .
The main fears managers have around Python are : Risk , Recruiting , Performance and Immaturity .
At this stage I can say we have overcome all these reservations .
Recruiting –
It turns out that smart and innovative people are attracted by Python .
Innovative smart people can also learn Python very quickly .
Risk – in one year we had only five cases where a Python specific bug occurred .
We had many more ASP .
NET , JavaScript , HTML and even Java specific problems .
Maturity – not only is Python very solid , so is IronPython .
The code is stable , the smart features work , the community is responsive and the libraries are rich .
The only downside is the IDE and Visual studio integration , but this is progressing as well .
Performance – Python flexibility allowed extremely fast optimizations at the system and algorithmic levels , without requiring premature optimization .
The system and algorithm changes are the ones critical in a real world environment .
Some issues are showing up , but it seems they can be solved with a reasonable cost .
As time passed time our confidence grew we started using Python in a more and more places across our service .
Overall it was an excellent choice and well worth the risk .
I would not go into the reasons for Python success in this post , but you can read about it around the web .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : .NET , C# , developer , IronPython , Java , Python , Software Development
Exclusive to STR
in·trin·sic ( ¹n - tr¹n “ z¹k , - s¹k ) adj .
1 . Of or relating to the essential nature of a thing ; inherent .
-- in·trin “ si·cal·ly adv. ~ from the 1994 on - disk edition of The Am erican H eritage Dictionary
- 1 -
Does Gold Have Intrinsic Value ?
Does Anything ?
In libertarian and pro-gold circles , it is common to hear that " gold has intrinsic value . "
That sentiment is based on an important kernel of truth , although the wording is colloquial rather than precise ; like the commonplace use of " weight " in situations where " mass " is meant or saying " the sun rises in the east " ( when the Earth rotates instead ) , the assertion that " gold has intrinsic value " is true informally but not technically – in the case of value , because a necessary element is assumed and left unspoken .
Because the informal meaning seems clear , I have been surprised to find frequent and often heated discussion on the topic , but then gold itself is an emotional topic for several reasons .
The argument over gold 's " intrinsic value " would be simply a minor squabble over semantics except for one thing : the question of gold 's value , or lack thereof , is sometimes used to support positions that are not only wrong but actively harmful .
Given the importance of gold to human well - being – a subject I expand upon below – and also given that I have used the phrase " gold has intrinsic value " myself , perhaps it is time to address the topic directly and to clarify my meaning .
First : technically , value is a judgment , not a property .
Value thus requires a conscious being to assess whatever is being valued .
Value has two components : the thing which is valued and the person ( or other being ) who makes the valuation .
Value cannot exist without consciousness ; " X has value to a rock " is a meaningless statement , for example .
Rocks cannot value ; rocks are inanimate , insensate , and without consciousness .
Nothing can be said to have value to a rock , or to most of the universe ; ergo , nothing has intrinsic value in the sense of value - within - itself without refer ence to any living thing .
But " Love and freedom have value to human beings " – now that is a different story , because humans are designed in such a way as to desire and to benefit from love and freedom .
Even more obvious , because tangibles and short - term survival are involved , would be the statement " Food and water and air have value to human beings . "
Such things have value not least because they are required for life itself .*
Life , then , values – must value – some things over others .
Value is sparked into being by life itself ; the value is bound up in the characteristics of the valued thing and in how those charact er istics interact with the needs and desires of the living .
To set value on things is an inescapable part of life ; to assign value is a necessary thread in the process of being alive and even slightly conscious .
Bright objects have value to magpies , which gather such objects for their nests .
Mice have value ( as food and as playthings ) to cats .
Seeing value in mice is inherent in the nature of being a cat , because cat DNA creates cat bodies with instincts to chase mice and other small animals , and the tools ( eyes and ears , claws , legs for running , etc. ) to do so .
Without these tools drawing a cat to prey , cats would have gone extinct long ago .
Mice thus have intrinsic value to cats , based on the inh erent natures of cats and mice .
Note that " intrinsic value " in this case requires both the cat ( the assigner of value ) and the mouse ( the thing being valued ) ; thus , the value of mice ( in this case ) is actually intrinsic to the intertwined properties of cat - and - mouse , not to the mouse itself .**
More simply , mice have properties that are valuable to cats .
Back to gold : does gold , can gold , have anything we might reasonably term intrinsic value ?
In the sense of an absolute , the answer is – as we have already seen – no .
Properties are intrinsic , but value is a judgment .
Value can only exist in reference to the one who values .
Most of the universe cannot value anything , any more than it can enjoy the taste of cinnamon or appreciate the smile of a young child .
But you can value gold , or cinnamon , or an innocent and charming smile .
You are a human being , the preeminent apprais er of value in the known universe .
Your biology , your needs , your desires , and your mind all bring value into being in this world .
You create value by your very existence ; the rock which cannot value anything – a gold - flecked quartz nugget , say , found in a stream – and which has no value on its own , becomes valuable if you value it , for nothing has meaning of any type until life creates that meaning .
As with every human activity , assessing value can be done well or poorly ; those who bought stock in Pets.com near its peak of $ 14 / share did a poor job of assessing the stock 's value – the stock crashed and the company soon vanished .
Likewise , those who bought gold near its peak of $ 850 / oz in 1980 were buying at the peak of a mania and their gold was soon worth much less , at least in dollar terms ( value exists in other frameworks as well ; as the saying goes , money is n't everything ) .
One big difference between gold in 1980 and Pets.com in 2000 is that unlike Pets.com , gold 's monetary value diminished but , as always , did not vanish .
Gold hit a dollar low of roughly $ 250 in 1999 , and has been in a strong if bumpy uptrend ever since – an uptrend with years left to go , as I have described in several previous columns .
Not only has gold 's value never vanished , *** it has remained high ( relative to most physical things on a per- weight basis ) for thousands of years ; ancient Egyptians and others mined and used gold over 5,000 years ago .
This brings us to the second answ er for our question : yes , gold does have what can loosely or colloquially be termed intrinsic value , because gold has intrinsic properties that humans value – and the " to humans " part of the statement is obvious , inherent to the nature of value , and may therefore be assumed .
The reasons for humans to value gold , while not as fundamental as the reasons for cats to value mice , are nonetheless powerful and inherent in the nature of man and in the ability of gold to satisfy certain of man 's needs and desires .
There are many such needs and desires that gold satisfies better than anything else , and unlike paper money or tech stocks or most other things one might name , gold is also nearly indestructible – the gold you own today will likely still be here on Earth when the planet itself is destroyed by our dying , expanding sun billions of years from now ( or by whatever does destroy this planet ) .
Near - universal and timeless appeal combined with near - indestructibility and genuine rarity make gold special indeed .
To the extent the phrase " intrinsic value " means anything at all , gold thus qualifies .
The commonplace , informal , shorthand use of the phrase may be technically inaccurate , but it nonetheless conveys a basic truth , and an important one , where gold is concerned .
- 2 -
Specific Reasons for Valuing Gold
Contrary to the arguments of many anti-gold commentators , gold is an exceptionally useful material .
Gold is incredibly malleable , does not tarnish , is an excellent conductor of electricity , can be drawn into extremely thin wire , and has many other useful prop erties .
As noted , gold is also nearly indestructible ; it does not disappear through corrosion as iron does , does not vanish into smoke in a fire , and is not dissolved or ruined by water , including salt wat er .
A one - ounce gold coin from a ship lost at sea in the time of ancient Rome has precisely the same value ( plus any numismatic value it may have attained ) as does an ounce of gold mined yest erday – and aft er cleaning , the coin will be in the same condition it was 20 centuries ago .
A simple list of gold 's better - known uses makes the point that this metal has exceptional qualities that give it value to human beings for many reasons : see 8 Unusual Uses for Gold for some interesting lesser - known uses of the metal , and for a more gen eral look at the topic consider The Many Uses of Gold , which covers these categories of gold usage :
- Jewelry ( The Primary Use of Gold )
- Financial Gold - Coinage , Bullion , Currency Backing
- Electronics
- Computers
- Dentistry
- Medicine
- A er ospace
- Awards and symbols of status
- Glassmaking
- Gold Gilding and Gold Leaf
" The Many Uses of Gold " ( worth reading in full , with interesting details ) contains an insightful comment about future uses of gold :
" Gold is too expensive to use by chance .
Instead it is used delib erately and only when less expensive substitutes can not be identified .
As a result , once a use is found for gold it is rarely abandoned for another metal .
This means that the number of uses for gold have been increasing over time .
" Most of the ways that gold is used today have been developed only during the last two or three decades .
This trend will likely continue .
As our society requires more sophisticated and reliable mat erials our uses for gold will increase .
This combination of growing demand , few substitutes and limited supply will cause the value and importance of gold to increase steadily ov er time .
It is truly a metal of the future . "
[ Emphasis added ]
Many of those newer uses for gold involve tiny amounts of gold in staggeringly large numbers of consumer products – in millions of cell phones , comput ers , LCD panels , and oth er electronic devices of many types , for example .
Because the amount of gold per item is so small , reclaiming the metal when the product is discarded is not economical , yet because the number of such items is very large , the net result is to steadily remove a significant stream of physical gold from usable world inventory .
This gold may someday be recovered ( and a small amount is being recover ed now ) but for the most part , now and in the foreseeable future , such now - common and expanding uses of gold represent a growing erosion of what would other wise be a near - eternal above - ground inventory .
These newer uses of gold thus put price pressure on gold in a way that traditional uses ( e.g. , jewelry or coinage , where later recovery and recycling of the metal is not a problem ) do not .
Further more , gold is difficult and expensive to mine ( although some gold may be found on the ground or in streams ) and most of the easily and economically mined gold has already been mined , which means that , yes , " peak gold " is a near - future likelihood – in fact the peak may have already occurred .
Combine that with the expanding numb er of uses for gold , and the supply / demand situation for gold will tighten considerably in coming years .
The difficulty and expense of mining gold adds to gold 's value in two ways : the more obvious way is to make gold expensive in dollar ( or oth er currency ) terms : scarce + expensive to obtain new supply + useful and highly desired = high dollar value .
The second and more important way in which the difficulty of increasing the supply of gold adds to the metal 's value is that when used as a nation 's money , gold cannot be easily inflated – much less hyper inflated – which greatly restrains the growth of government .
In short , gold can be used in a way that restrains the growth of tyranny , and which thus dramatically improves human well - being .
- 3 -
Gold 's Most Valuable Property
The intrinsic prop erties of gold ( and to a lesser extent , of silv er ) make it a natural choice for use as money .
Christopher Weber outlines the reasons why in A Short History of International Currencies :
" Anthropologists , archeologists and historians have discovered that for most every group of people that have ever existed , what was chosen as money had at least five prop er ties to it .
" 1 . It had accepted value to everyone .
That 's obvious .
But what is less obvious is that in all societies , what emerged as money was some commodity that was valued by people for itself first , before it became money .
" 2 . It was durable .
What 's the use of money if it falls apart in a short time ?
It had to hold its value as long as possible .
That 's why lettuce has never been money , though in America during the 1930s , this word was used as slang for money since dollars were green , thin and ' leafy ' .
" 3 . It was easily divisible .
It could be broken down into small pieces or amounts for small purchases .
" 4 . Even when it was broken down into small pieces , however , it still had to be consistent in value and quality .
One unit of it , gram , ounce or whatev er , had to be the exact same as any other unit of the same weight or appearance .
Otherwise , there would be chaos .
" 5 . Finally , money had to be convenient to use . "
Gold has one more property that makes it a compelling choice for use as money : " new gold " cannot be created easily or rapidly , as can paper or electronic money .
Significant monetary ( and thus price ) inflation is impossible when gold is the currency – an incredible boon to human well - being – but even more important is that gold - as - money limits government expansion and pow er .
This property is crucial to the protective function of gold ; indeed , when gold is used as money , this prop erty saves more lives and prevents more misery than do even measures of public sanitation , modern medical care , and other projects or policies specifically aimed at human well - being .
To understand that truth , one must be willing to see at least the vague outline of coercive government 's true nature ; to face , if only briefly and tangentially , the outright evil and the horrifying , inhuman power of systematic coercion by government .
Henry David Thoreau put it well in Civil Disobedience : " That government is best which governs not at all " – another way of saying that the only good coercive government is no coercive government .
Why is that true ?
Because gov er nment is nothing but systematic coercion against the people , and coercion is a crime .
The results are known to all of us , but the truth it is too horrifying for most to accept :
War : the direct and purposeful mass - murder of human beings and the destruction of villages , towns , cities , or even entire nations , entire regions – or , here in the 21st Century , perhaps of the Earth itself .
Tyranny : the cold and often violent suppression of human rights and freedoms , including such stunningly - cruel features as torture , unjust imprisonment , confiscation of income and property , and the erosion , corruption , or outright destruction of market freedoms necessary for human well - being – leading to widespread pover ty and hung er or even famine .
Simple murder by governments , perpetrated in a thousand ways , was responsible for 262,000,000 deaths in the 20th Century , according to research by R. J. Rummel .
Attempting to give that mind - numbing number some impact , Professor Rummel adds :
" Just to give perspective on this incredible murd er by government , if all these bodies were laid head to toe , with the average height being 5 ' , then they would circle the earth ten times .
Also , this democide murdered 6 times more people than died in combat in all the foreign and int ernal wars of the century .
Finally , given popular estimates of the dead in a major nuclear war , this total democide is as though such a war did occur , but with its dead spread over a century . "
[ Emphasis added ]
Rummel also points out that this horror is almost invisible in both popular and academic lit erature : " the ignorance of the incredible murder by government is a moral , intellectual , and academic scandal .
It is the biggest and most significant black hole in our educational system and lit erature . "****
The State and its captured media do ever ything possible to minimize public awareness of the State 's cruelty and to actually make the State appear benevolent , and the natural human tendency to defend against knowledge of such horror makes people eager to believe the propaganda .
Can gold prevent such horrors ?
No , not entirely , but gold can and does reduce the likelihood of such horrors when used as a nation 's money .
Gold as money provides a strong limiting factor on the resources available to government , and in so doing , gold saves and improves the lives of millions .
War , for example , is incredibly expensive – America 's Iraq adventure has already cost perhaps $ 3 trillion , counting the future costs of care for wounded soldiers and replacement of materiel .
Without the Federal Reserve to constantly expand the supply of money , it would have been impossible for the already - bankrupt and dramatically indebted U.S. to have begun wars in both Iraq and Afghanistan – neither of which had attacked America or even threatened us .
World War I provides an obvious example of central banking 's dangers : this sudden and dramatic escalation of America 's militarism abroad began shortly after the creation of the fiat - currency - canc er called , misleadingly , the " Fed er al Reserve " – along with the income tax , both of which were signed into law in 1913 .
( The gold standard was still nominally in place ; creating the Fed was a stealth attack , the economic effects of which only became too obvious to ignore in 1933 , when FDR took American 's gold coinage from the people by force ) .
The income tax and the Fed gave President Wilson the money to pursue his insane policy of " war for peace , " which he cleverly called " making the world safe for democracy . "
Instead of making the world safe , one result of our entry into this European war – a war we had no reason to join – was to crush G er many so completely that it was unable to avoid being forced into paying staggering reparations .
( Without Am erica 's participation in the war , Germany would likely have been able to negotiate a more favorable surrend er ) .
Paying those reparations was beyond the country 's ability , and so the Weimar gov er nment began inflating its currency – printing up money from thin air to pay its bills , in other words .
The resulting hyp erinflation destroyed the middle class , making their life savings worthless in a matter of months , and leading to the turmoil that , in due time , helped bring the National Socialists and their charismatically insane leader to power .
This is how one great evil begets anoth er : illegally bypassing the gold standard in America brought about ( with help from other factors ) Adolph Hitl er 's rise to power and the subsequent deaths of perhaps 60 or 70 million people in war , in death camps , and in other ways .
Gold - as - money could have saved those millions .
It could also have prevented the incredible pain and misery of hundreds of millions of other victims who were maimed , crippled , blinded , or other wise wounded ; who were systematically tortured or terrorized ; who lost loved ones or were orphaned ; whose homes or businesses w ere destroyed by violence or economic turmoil .
To be clear : central banking ( the Fed and other central banks around the world ) has the sole function of siphoning vast sums of wealth from the people to the power elite in and out of government , and the eventual result is always pain , pov er ty , and misery – and frequently war .
The Pentagon and its mutually - parasitic network of hundreds ( thousands ? ) of war - related corporations , small companies , and contractors can exist in their present , bloated form only because the twin evils of the Fed and the income tax funnel ( one by stealth and one by coercion ) an ocean of wealth from the American people to the American government and to those feeding at the government trough .
The U.S. government spends roughly half its entire budget paying for past , present , and future war .
Is there any chance that this is " the will of the people " ?
Of course not ; when asked , Americans consistently oppose war and most war - related spending .
Americans want a national defense ; they do not want foreign military bases in over a hundred countries and other programs that cost billions or even trillions of dollars for no good or honest purpose .
There are problems with the manner in which gold standards have been implemented , but there is no arguing the historic reality of the effectiveness of a gold standard ; hyperinflations ( as in Zimbabwe today and dozens of other times and places in history ) have never occurred with a gold standard in place , and military adventurism is far less likely ( and when it occurs , is more likely to be brief ) when government cannot simply print up money to pay for assaulting other nations .
In contrast , episodes of fiat ( non-gold - standard ) currency fueling tyranny and war would fill a book .
In the term " fiat currency " I include debasement of precious metal coins in ancient Rome and elsewhere – which turned what had been a gold standard into a fiat currency – pointing to the major problem with the typical implementation of a gold standard : government is involved , and since government is naked power and coercion , every government attracts sociopaths who want power over others and who want to own and control more of everything .
Fiat currency is the holy grail for those sociopaths : the One True Ring of power , of control , of wealth stolen in secret and drained from the people silently and constantly , hour by hour , year after year .
It is fitting that the oth er monetary metal , silver , is in some stories a protection against vampires , for only the monetary restraint of gold or silver as money can prevent this vampire - like , stealth form of theft and the resulting spiral of tyranny .
- 4 -
The Meaning of Gold
The most important meaning of gold in human life is this : integrity , safety , and well - being .
Gold is , for all practical purposes , eternal .
Gold is wealth in direct form that can not be defaulted on .
Gold - as - money replaces the scams of money - changers and of central banks with direct and honest value by weight .
When used as money , the dollar value of gold is , by definition , unchanging , and the money thus has integrity .
Because gold cannot be printed up or other wise dramatically and constantly increased in supply , price inflation is typically zero or less under a gold standard ( as was true in America from the late 1700s through the early 1900s ) ; your savings are thus safe in a way they can never be when central banks are at work inflating a fiat money supply .
Even that most dangerous and violent of institutions , co ercive government , is restrained and forced into a semblance of honesty by a functioning gold standard .
Gold - as - money cannot prevent war and tyranny – for that , a large increase in both widespread emotional health and in und er standing of and respect for lib erty will be necessary – but gold - as - money absolutely does reduce the ability of coercive gover nment to inflict death , poverty , and oth er mis ery .
Less war and tyranny would be – if not enough – at least a powerful step in the right direction .
Integrity , safety , and well - being : if you sense a lack of these characteristics in the world , it is in part because the most important role of gold has been over thrown by the dishonesty and corruption of central banking .
That tragedy happened a century ago , as one nation after another abandoned the gold standards that had kept money honest and governments partially restrained for more than a century .
America 's total government expense went from under 5 per cent of GDP in 1913 to a monster that now consumes close to half the entire GDP ( although numbers vary depending on source and assumptions ) .
America 's on - book federal debt is closing in on $ 10 trillion .
As for inflation of the money supply , recall that a $ 20 bill could be exchanged , by law , for a $ 20 gold coin containing nearly an ounce of gold .
Imagine how much counterfeit money it would take to dilute the nation 's money supply to the extent we see today , where it takes $ 819 to buy an ounce of gold !
( For the current gold price , see top of page at 321gold.com ) .
The Federal Reserve is a scheme so devious and complex that it can scarcely be believed , and indeed few people understand it .
If you have not yet educated yourself about this abomination , I suggest starting with the 41 - minute Money , Banking , and the Federal Reserve ( 41 min ) by the Ludwig von Mises Institute .
The income tax and the Federal Reserve have together transformed America from a reasonably free nation , with a small government answ er able to the people , into a leviathan of tyranny larg er than anything the world has ev er known .
A quick way to see how much of our lives and wealth has been appropriated by government – even since after World War II , when government had already grown to staggering size – is to look at the size of the private versus government sectors :
Today , the entire world financial system is in crisis because of central banking – which is to say , because we have allowed the power elite to replace the integrity and safety of gold - as - money with the fraud and theft - by - inflation of the Federal Reserve , and by oth er central banks in nations around the world .
The present crisis will not end well – episodes of fiat currency never have , throughout history – but there is hope , at least , that in the after math , enough people will und er stand the problem to force a return to honest money : that is , to gold .
Bob Chapman of The International Forecaster describes our situation with charact eristic flair and directness :
" Anything is bett er than what we have now , which is a military - industrial - financial complex run by satanic trillionaires who denude citizens of their earnings with rampant fraud and corruption , who slaughter our children , and what should be our foreign friends , with continual wars for profit and who are trying to make us all into serfs in the ultimate feudal system to be run by the would - be lords of the universe , but not until they wipe out billions of useless eaters with pogroms , plagues , wars , famine and eventually nukes , biochemical warfare and other weapons of mass destruction . "
Because that will sound inflammatory , alarmist , and downright paranoid to many read er s , let me point out that Chapman and his newslett er have a strong record of being right , and ahead of the curve , in their projections .
Will people demand a return to the integrity , safety , and resulting well - being of a genuine gold standard ?
Our children 's fate , and indeed the fate of the Earth itself , is at stake .
We wo n't last much longer in the 21st Century with our present system .
- - - - -
This column was suggested to me by Victor Aquilar 's Gold Does Not Have Intrinsic Value .
Notes :
* There is a well - known " subjective theory of value " which includes the idea ( as the Wikipedia article on the topic puts it ) that " goods that are in unlimited supply , or in a greater supply than that demanded , would have no value . "
This is primarily a theory of monetary value – which explains why such a theory would place no value whatsoever on clean air or healthy food , assuming plentiful supplies of both .
There are problems with such a theory , but I am not discussing them in this column .
Here , I am interested in " value " in a broader sense .
** Note also that " intrinsic " in this sense is a sliding scale , in that some things are only slightly of interest to a particular species and other things are only of int erest to a few members of the species , based on unusual quirks in those individuals .
Fresh air has universal value to human beings , but most other things do not , including things which are fairly popular at some place and time ( various forms of fashion , for instance ) .
*** Naturally , by tightening up definitions and limiting time and place , one can find situations where gold has no value .
( The same may be said of even something as essential as food , for that matter ) .
Someone alone in the mid-Atlantic whose small boat has just capsized has no immediate use for gold , and the density of the metal would be a significant liability if one were trying to remain afloat .
**** Personal correspondence .
( (( I ’ve been reading Frank Gaffney ’s outpourings for years now .
They ’re always of keen interest to me .
He ’s a Pentagon Beltway bandit and infallibly pro-war with pretty much any potential “ adversary ” except Israel .
The most interesting thing about the grand Gaffney strategy for war with
Iran is the glaring likelihood that Iran would * win* this kind of war . ) ) )
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
( (( The USA is supposed to “ intensify financial pressure ” and “ stop using Iranian oil ” ?
Those are the American weapons here ?
The USA is under intense financial pressure , much worse than
Iran’s , and completely spreadeagled over the oil barrel — if
Iran stops its oil production , major American cities are gonna black out . ) ) )
( ( ( Boy , what a far cry from American unilateral power at the end of the Clinton Administration .
Beneath its bluster this is a counsel of despair . ) ) )
( ( ( Whose side is time on , here ? ) ) )
THE WAR WITH IRAN
Last week ’s Iranian missile tests prompted another round of fevered speculation that war might erupt between Iran and the United States .
Largely lost in the frenzy is an unhappy fact :
The Iranian mullahocracy has been at war with this country since it came to power in 1979 .
The problem is that the weapons available to Tehran for prosecuting its jihad against “ the Great Satan ” are no longer simply truck bombs and suicide vests .
Its proxy army , Hezbollah , has taken over Lebanon and operates terror cells from Iraq to Latin America and even inside the United States .
With help from Communist China and Russia , its Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps wields an array of anti-ship missiles , mines and go - fast boats capable of discouraging oil traffic from transiting the Straits of Hormuz – if not actually sealing that vital waterway for protracted periods .
Not least , Iran is now armed with ballistic missiles of ever - longer range .
Those missiles have been developed with help from North Korea for the purpose of delivering the nuclear weapons the mullahs have been developing covertly for over 20 years .
Once such weapons are in hand – perhaps just a matter of months now – Tehran will be in a position to execute its threat to wipe Israel ( a.k.a. “ the Little Satan ” ) off the map .
As a blue - ribbon commission told the House Armed Services Committee last Thursday , moreover , by launching its nuclear - armed ballistic missiles off a ship , the Iranian regime could soon be able to make good on another of its oft - stated pledges :
To bring about “ a world without America . ”
( (( Actually the forthcoming “ post - American world ” is pretty much a self - inflicted wound , but let ’s soldier on here . ) ) )
The commissioners warned ( http://www.empcommission.org/reports.php) that , by detonating a sea- launched nuclear weapon in space over the United States , Iran could unleash an intense electromagnetic pulse ( EMP ) that would have a “ catastrophic ” effect on much of the Nation ’s energy infrastructure .
( ( ( At least it would solve the oil problem , as there ’d be nothing left to plug in . ) ) )
In short order , the ensuing lack of electricity would cause a devastating ripple effect on our telecommunications , sanitation and water , transportation , food and health care sectors and the Internet .
Iranian missile tests suggest an emergent capability to execute such an attack .
( (( These guys could never believe in climate change , but imaginary Moslem EMP bombs , wow , those could change everything we hold dear . ) ) )
If we are already at war with the Iranian regime and the destructive power of our enemy is about to increase exponentially , what can we do to about it ?
For various reasons , it remains undesirable to use our own military force against the mullahs if it can possibly be avoided .
If that alternative is to be made unnecessary , however , five things must be done as a matter of the utmost urgency :
Three have to do with greatly intensifying the financial pressure on Tehran .
First , we need to discourage investments in companies that provide the advanced technology and capital essential to the oil exports that underpin the Iranian economy .
The campaign aimed at divesting such stocks from private and public pension fund portfolios and , instead , investing “ terror - free ” had a signal victory last week when the head of the French oil conglomerate Total announced that “ Today , we would be taking too much political risk to invest in Iran . ”
( (( Ever heard of “ sovereign wealth funds ” ?
They go wherever they like . ) ) )
By moving billions of dollars into certified terror - free funds like those offered by the United Missouri Bank , U.S. investors can effect more of this sort of corporate behavior - modification .
Senator Joseph Lieberman is expected shortly to introduce legislation that will offer federal employees a terror - free investment option in their Thrift Savings Plan .
Every American should have such a ready choice – and be encouraged to exercise it .
( ( ( Joe Lieberman — finance expert . ) ) )
Second , we need to deflate the price of oil that is sustaining the Iranian regime .
We can do so by ending the monopoly oil - derived gasoline enjoys in the global transportation sector .
( This imperative is the subject of a hilarious video by David and Jerry Zucker at www.NozzleRage.com.)
By adopting an Open Fuel Standard , Congress can set a standard assuring that new cars sold both in America and the rest of the world will be capable of using alcohols that can be made practically anywhere ( for example , ethanol , methanol or butanol ) , as well as gasoline .
Long before vast numbers of such Flexible Fuel Vehicles are on the roads , the OPEC cartel - induced speculative bubble that has contributed to the recent run-up in the price per barrel of oil will be lanced .
( (( Lance the speculative bubble with speculative cars .
Not that this is n’t a great idea , but the Bush Administration is the last conceivable entity able to pull such a thing off .
Besides , if it were smart the Danes would be doing it already . ) ) )
Third , we must counter the effort being made by the Iranians and other Islamists to use so - called Shariah - Compliant Finance ( SCF ) as a means to wage “ financial jihad ” against us .
Before SCF instruments proliferate further in our capital markets , in the process legitimating and helping to underwrite the repressive , anti-constitutional and subversive program the Iranian mullahs ( among others ) call Shariah , that program must be recognized for what it is – sedition – and prosecuted as such .
The effect would be chilling for Iranian and other SCF transactions in Western markets world - wide .
Fourth , we need to deploy as quickly as possible effective anti-missile defenses – both in Europe and at sea .
Russian objections notwithstanding , we cannot afford to delay any further in protecting ourselves and our allies against EMP and other missile - delivered threats .
( (( Step one in intimidating Iran — annoy Ivan and his monster oil wealth . ) ) )
Finally , we must mount an intensive , comprehensive and urgent effort to aid the Iranian people in liberating themselves from the theocrats that have afflicted their nation for nearly thirty years and made it a pariah internationally .
Supplying information technologies , assistance to students , teachers , unionists and others willing to stand up to the regime , aid to restive minorities and covert operations should all be in play .
By adopting these measures , we may yet be able to bring about regime change in Iran – the only hope for avoiding full - fledged combat against the Islamic Republic there .
But we should be under no illusion :
We will not avoid war ; it has been thrust upon us by the mullahs for many years now .
We may , however , be able to avoid the far worse condition they wish to inflict by unleashing the weapons now coming into their arsenal .
( To unsubscribe , please reply to info@centerforsecuritypolicy.org )
ぬいぐるみのボタンを押すと、ぐずっていた赤ちゃんがケロっと泣きやむ――画期的なベビー用品「赤ちゃんけろっとスイッチ」をタカラトミーが発売する。にわかに信じがたい話だが、その効果が本当なら赤ちゃんのぐずり泣きに悩まされている全国のパパ・ママにとっては朗報だろう。
外観は、いたって普通のぬいぐるみ。しかし中の“音ユニット”には、日本音響研究所とのコラボレーションにより開発された「ぐずり解消メロディ」が入っている。日本音響研究所といえば、タカラ（当時）が「バウリンガル」を共同開発したことでも知られるが、赤ちゃんのぐずり泣きに注目したのは、あの「タケモトピアノ」のCMが発端だったようだ。
俳優の財津一郎さんが独特の調子で 「ピアノ売ってちょーだい」と歌い、全身タイツのお姉さんたちがくねくねと踊りまくる。西日本で知らない人はいない、とてもシュールなCMだ。いつしか、このCMが流れると泣いていた赤ん坊がピタリと泣きやむという噂が広まり、人気番組「探偵！ナイトスクープ」が取り上げたことで有名になった。
このとき、解析を担当したのが日本音響研究所の鈴木松美氏。解析の結果、財津一郎氏の声が赤ちゃんの好む440Hz付近にあることにくわえ、「音がランダムで飽きない」「本能的に振り向く音が多い」「音楽の途中でリズムが変わる」などのポイントが赤ちゃんの注意を引くことが分かった。日本音響研究所は研究を続け、「キラキラ星」をベースにオリジナルの“ぐずり解消メロディ”を制作。乳幼児向け玩具を多く販売していたトミー（当時）と商品を共同開発することになった。
商品の企画開発者である同社ベビープリスクール事業部戦略開発チームの外澤志麻主任は、ちょうどその頃、育児に追われており、サンプルを実際に使って驚いたという。「ぐずっているときは、何をしても無駄で本当に困っていました。しかし、サンプルから音楽が流れると、けろっと泣きやむ。これは“ 使える” と思いました」。
開発中には50人程度のモニター調査を行い、ぐずり解消メロディの効果を検証した。詳しい調査結果は公開されていないものの概ね良好で、個人差はあるものの生後3カ月から1歳半程度の赤ちゃんに効果があった。また、ぬいぐるみにディズニーキャラクターを採用することが決まると、ぐずり解消メロディに「イッツ・ア・スモール・ワールド」が追加された。
実際に “ ぐずり解消メロディ ” を聴いてみると、途中で急に曲のテンポが変わったり、合いの手のように動物の鳴き声が入ったりと確かにユニークだ。「赤ちゃんは、大人に比べて非常に好奇心が強いものです。このメロディには、赤ちゃんの好む音にくわえ、途中で急にテンポが変わったり、動物の鳴き声などの効果音が入ったりと、さまざまな要素の組み合わせで興味を引きます」（同社フロンティア事業本部ベビープリスクール事業部ベビー企画チームエキスパートの並木高夫氏）。
「 赤ちゃんによって個人差はありますが、音楽が流れ始めるとそちらに気をとられ、それまで泣いていたことを忘れてしまうようです。実際に赤ちゃんが音楽を注意して聴くようになるのは結構成長してからなのですが、中には音楽に合わせて踊り出す赤ちゃんもいました」（外澤氏）。
1|2 次のページへ
