( CNN ) -- A Michigan man could face life in prison after he allegedly tortured and ultimately killed his girlfriend 's 4 - year - old son last week for wetting his pants , prosecutors say .
Brandon Joshua - Frederick Hayes , 24 , " systematically beat " Dominick Calhoun , 4 , " pummeling [ him ] with fists and kicking him " on his arms , legs and genitalia , Genesee County prosecutor David Leyton told CNN .
Hayes also apparently burned the boy in the course of the torture .
" The knuckles across one hand were charred , " Argentine Township police chief Dan Allen said .
" I 've been doing this a long time , and this is the worst case of child abuse I 've ever seen , " the police chief said .
" In all respects , he was tortured . "
Prosecutors arraigned Hayes on Thursday on nine charges , including one count of first - degree premeditated murder , one count of first - degree child abuse and one count of torture , which by itself carries a possible life sentence .
" Little Dominick met his boogeyman , and that was defendant Hayes , " Genesee County Sheriff Robert Pickell said at a news conference Thursday .
CNN was unable to reach someone who could speak on Hayes ' behalf .
Hayes ' motivation for his savage multiday attack on the boy was that the child " had wet his pants , " Leyton said .
" It had happened before . "
Hayes also resented the child because his " biological father would n't pay child support , " Leyton said .
Dominick 's mother , Corrine Baker , was present for at least some of the beating and tried to shield the boy from Hayes ' aggression , authorities said .
" She tried to lay on top of the child to guard the child against being beat any further , but she was beat in the process , " according to the police chief .
The sequence of events that led to the discovery of the abuse began when Baker 's sister and several acquaintances came to the apartment to buy drugs from Hayes , according to Allen .
After seeing Dominick 's condition , the sister alerted the boy 's paternal grandfather , who in turn contacted authorities .
When emergency responders entered the apartment on the afternoon of April 11 , Dominick was " barely alive . "
EMS transferred him to Hurley Hospital in Flint , where he was pronounced brain dead .
The boy was taken off life support the following morning .
Dominick 's mother 's whereabouts and actions through all portions of the torture session remain somewhat hazy .
The county prosecutor said his office is " still investigating her involvement in all this . "
" She 's also culpable for putting him in the dangerous position in the first place , " he added .
Baker was taken into custody on Sunday but released later .
Attempts to reach her at her home Thursday evening were unsuccessful .
The town police chief said Baker and her son had been brought to the attention of Genesee County Department of Child Services on several occasions .
The agency did not respond to CNN 's requests for comment Thursday .
It was not immediately clear whether Baker 's involvement with the child services agency predated her relationship with Hayes .
The police chief said he believed Baker and Hayes had been together for about six months .
Amateur stunt man wrecks his ride to show off for some tourists in Holland
RIGA - Approximately 300 people attended the rally at Riga 's Freedom Monument in remembrance of those who perished under the Soviet regime .
The rally took place on March 25 , Victims of Communist Genocide Memorial Day , marking 61 years since the Soviet deportations took place .
From March 25 to March 29 , 1949 , over 43,000 innocent people were deported to Siberia , including some 10,000 children .
" In almost every step of progress in electrical engineering , as well as radio , we can trace
the spark of thought back to Nikola Tesla " - Ernst F. W. Alexanderson
Tesla with one of his famous " wireless " lamps .
Published on the cover of the Electrical Experimenter in 1919 .
Few inventors contributed more to advances in science and engineering in the early 20th century than Nikola Tesla .
As one of the Fathers of Electricity , Tesla did groundbreaking work on alternating current ( AC ) power system , electromagnetism , hydroelectric power , radio , and radar to name a few .
Many of his inventions ( Tesla obtained some 300 patents in his lifetime ) became the stuff we take for granted today : when we flip a switch to turn on the light , we owe a lot of that electrical magic to Tesla .
As fate would have it , Tesla , one of the world 's greatest inventors , died penniless and in obscurity .
Even today , many people mistakenly attribute many of his inventions to others ( Edison , for example , is in the name of many power companies in the United States - ironically , they use the AC system devised by Tesla rather than the more inefficient direct current or DC system espoused by Thomas Edison ; Tesla also invented the fundamentals of radio transmissions before Gugliegmo Marconi ) .
Today , there 's quite a bit of resurgence in Tesla 's popularity , which is helped in part by his mystique as a " mad scientist . "
Amongst his more outlandish ideas , Tesla worked on death rays to knock out enemy airplanes out of the skies , pocket - sized resonance machine that could topple buildings , ways to send electricity through the upper atmosphere , force - fields to protect cities , and so on .
Tesla Company letterhead .
Note the words " World Wireless Telephone Transmitter . "
In their book , Tesla : Master of Lightning , authors Margaret Cheney and Robert Uth tell the story of the enigmatic genius from his birth in a little village in what is Croatia today , to his lonely death in a New York hotel room .
The book , years in the making , combines archival documents and hundreds of photographs , compiled from the Tesla Museum in Belgrade ( previously inaccessible to Western writers during much of the Cold War era ) , excerpts from Tesla 's writings , as well as interviews with people who knew the man personally , to paint detailed snapshots of Tesla 's life and to provide clear explanations of his ( often very technical ) work .
On a personal note , it has taken me far longer than I expected to write this excerpt for Neatorama Spotlight .
Margaret and Robert 's book was so fascinating that on many nights , I ended up reading late pass my bedtime .
It seems like on every single page there were neat details about Tesla that were just too good not to share !
I highly recommend Tesla : Master of Lightning to anyone interested in learning more about the legendary Nikola Tesla .
Excerpts from Tesla : Master of Lightning , by Margaret Cheney and Robert Uth :
An Old World Childhood
As a youth , Tesla exhibited a peculiar trait that he considered the basis
of all his invention .
He had an abnormal ability , usually involuntary ,
to visualize scenes , people , and things so vividly that he was sometimes
unsure of what was real and what imaginary .
Strong flashes of light often
accompanied these images .
Tormented , he would move his hand in front of
his eyes to determine whether the objects were simply in his mind or outside .
He considered the strange ability an affliction at first , but for an inventor
it could be a gift .
Tesla wrote of these phenomena and of his efforts to find an explanation
for them , since no psychologist or physiologist was ever able to help
him .
" The theory I have formulated , " he wrote much later , is
that the images were the result of a reflex action from the brain on the
retina under great excitation .
They certainly were not hallucinations ,
for in other respects I was normal and composed .
To give an idea of my
distress , suppose that I had witnessed a funeral or some such nerve - wracking
spectacle .
Then , inevitably , in the stillness of the night , a vivid picture
of the scene would thrust itself before my eyes and persist despite all
my efforts to banish it .
Sometimes it would even remain fixed in space
though I pushed my hand through it .
( Tesla , My inventions : My early life .
Electrical Experimenter ; February 1919 )
Tesla in his Houston Street laboratory .
Caption for this photo in Electrical
Review , March 29 , 1899 reads : " The operator 's body , in this
experiment , is charged to a high potential by means of a coil responsive
to the waves transmitted to it from a distant oscillator . "
Geniuses Collide
On the summer day in 1884 when Tesla , carefully dressed in his bowler
hat , striped trousers , and cut - away coat ( the whole of his wardrobe ) ,
dropped in to see the famous Mr. Edison , there had been an emergency at
the Vanderbilt mansion on Fifth Avenue .
Two wires had shorted behind a
metallic - threaded wall hanging and started a fire .
Mrs. Vanderbilt herself
had smothered the flames , only to learn that the problem emanated from
a steam engine and boiler in her basement .
Now the angry socialite was
demanding that Edison remove the whole apparatus .
No sooner had he rushed
back to Pearl Street than the manager of a shipping firm called to remind
him that the SS Oregon had been tied up for days awaiting electrical
repairs and was losing money by the hour .
Unfortunately Edison had no
more engineers to assign to the job .
At this juncture he became aware of the tall foreign gentleman hovering
politely in the doorway , bowler hat in gloved hand , a letter in his pocket
from Charles Batchelor , the English engineer who managed the Continental
Edison Company in Europe .
Few American colleges then trained electrical
engineers , so prospects were good for the rare immigrant who was qualified .
But Mr. Edison was not in a congenial mood .
Tesla spoke up , knowing the famous man had a had a hearing problem , and
introduced himself .
He produced the brief message from Batchelor .
Edison
glanced at the few lines and snorted .
" I know two great men and you
are one of them , " Batchelor had written .
" The other is this
young man ! "
Thomas Edison , rumpled , weary , and deeply skeptical , asked Tesla what
he could do .
While the American inventor was only eight years older than
his visitor , and lacked his formal education , he was already world - renowned
for his inventions .
Tesla recalled their meeting :
When I saw this wonderful man , who had had no training at all , no advantages ,
and who did it all himself , and saw the great results by virtue of his
industry and application - you see , I had studied a dozen languages
... and had spent the best years of my life ruminating through libraries .
I thought to myself what a terrible thing it was to have wasted my life
on those useless things , and if I had only come to America right then
and there and devoted all of my brain power and inventiveness to my
work , what could I not have done ?
( Tesla , My inventions : My early life .
Electrical Experimenter ; February 1919 )
In awe of Edison , Tesla proceeded to describe the engineering work he
had done in France and Germany , and spoke of his plans for induction motors
made to run smoothly and powerfully on alternating current .
That invention ,
he reckoned , was worth many fortunes .
Edison knew little of alternating current , chose to believe it the work
of the devil , and did not care to learn more about it .
Did this dandified
" Parisian " realize that was he was suggesting could make a whole
industry obsolete ?
In the past Edison had waged a propaganda war against
the gas companies on the grounds that the possibility of explosions made
gas too dangerous for human use as a power source .
He was therefore experienced
in recognizing and heading off any threat of industrial competition .
Tesla , unprepared for the force of Edison 's passion , thanked him and
turned to leave .
As he did so a breathless boy rushed into the plant to
report that a junction box at Pearl and Nassau streets was leaking electricity
and had injured a carter and his horse .
Edison bellowed at his foreman .
Then he turned to Tesla and said , " Hold up a minute , Mister .
Can
you fix a ship 's lighting plant ? "
So began this historic collision of geniuses .
Eventually it would spark
the bitter and long - running " War of the Currents , " the taste
of which still lingers today in corporate memories .
Laboratory where TEsla and Westinghouse engineers developed apparatus
for AC systems .
Tesla 's exhibit with his " Egg of Columbus , " which stood on end
when the table it rested on was magnetically excited by AC .
Another smaller table with ball can be seen to the left ; to the right ,
an early high - frequency machine .
The Executioner 's Current
It is strange but true that the introduction of the electric chair in
America came purely out of a commercial battle over light bulb sales .
Or , more accurately , over what kind of power supply would energize the
nation 's early lighting .
Orders to Edison 's lighting companies had fallen
behind those for Westinghouse 's newer AC systems .
With progress marching
right past him , Edison and his Wall Street investors opened a delaying
campaign to block AC systems in any way possible , the DC interests took
up the idea that AC would fail if it was perceived as deadly .
One shadowy
figure associated with Edison , Harold P. Brown , became a very public advocate
of " humane " death - to be inflicted on animals or humans - by
AC electricity .
Brown electrocuted dogs and horses under questionable
experimental conditions .
After Edison provided him with research facilities
at his West Orange , New Jersey , laboratory , neighbors began to complain
of disappearing household pets .
Brown 's efforts inspired New York State prison officials to try the idea
on a human being .
A law was passed in New York ( 1887 ) to abandon hanging
in favor of electrocution as of January 1 , 1889 .
Brown , predictably , had a hand in providing apparatus to the state -
a 2,000 - volt Westinghouse alternator purchased secondhand - since Westinghouse
refused to sell when approached .
First to die by the newly prescribed
capital punishment was William Kemmler , convicted of killing his wife .
He was executed at the Auburn Prison , August 6 , 1890 .
Several jolts were
delivered , one for seventeen seconds and another for three and a half
minutes .
Witnesses reported that the victim 's spinal cord burst into flames .
The method has n't worked very predictably , even up to today .
A number of terms were suggested for this new method of execution , including
" thanelectrize , " " electrophon , " " electroctasy , "
" electrotony , " and " fulmenvoltacuss . "
And why " electrocute , "
also on the list , should have come to be preferred over the straightforward
" electrocize " is anyone 's guess .
The vested interest in DC current ,
however , made a point of saying victims of electric shocks had been " Westinghoused . "
Tesla in a thoughtful pose in front of his " web " coil , May 1896 .
Lionized and Ionized
( L) Mark Twain and Joseph ( " Jo " ) Jefferson in Tesla 's South
Fifth Avenue laboratory , 1894 , with blurred image of TEsla between .
( R) Mark Twain in Tesla 's laboratory at 35 South Fifth Avenue , early 1895
Perhaps Tesla 's most famous friend was the writer Mark Twain , with whom
the Serb 's literary connections went back to childhood .
In his autobiography ,
Tesla described how Twain helped him recover from a dangerous illness
when he was brought the early novels from his local public library and
found them " so captivating as to make me utterly forget my hopeless
state . "
He attributed the miraculous recovery that followed to the
humorist .
Tesla claims that twenty - five years later , when he met Twain
in New York , he told him the touching story " and was amazed to see
that great man of laughter burst into tears " ( Tesla , My inventions :
My later endeavors .
Electrical Experimenter ; 1919 )
In Mark Twain 's Notebooks & Journals , the author mentions
reading about the sale to Westinghouse of Tesla 's electrical patents ,
" which will revolutionize the whole electric business of the world . "
Twain had made a bad investment - one of many - in the development of
a new DC motor , and was drawn to Tesla for answers .
The answer was that
this motor had been rendered obsolete by Tesla 's polyphase AC .
Because
this appears to have been the occasion for their first meeting , Twain's
tears may have had a more pecuniary cause .
On that basis , the two men became lifelong friends and , incidentally ,
fellow members of the posh Players Club .
Twain later was instrumental
in encouraging Tesla to pursue his futuristic weapons for shifting war's
destructiveness from men to machines , it then being innocently thought
that wars would cease when weapons became too horrible to contemplate .
Mark
Twain was one of the friends most often invited to Tesla 's laboratory
for the improvisational shows of fright and delight .
On one particular
evening
Twain himself inadvertently furnished the entertainment when he
insisted upon experiencing the gyrations of a platform mounted on an electrical
oscillator .
Tesla pretended to dissuade him , which of course made Twain
all the more desirous of prolonging the test .
Once on the machine he kept
saying , " More , Tesla , more ! "
But soon he was crying for help ,
since an undesired effect of the oscillations on the human body was to
create a turmoil in the bowels .
When he was next invited to the laboratory , a wiser Twain wrote : " Friday ,
Midnight .
Dear Mr. Tesla : I am desperately sorry , but a matter of unavoidable
business has intruded itself and bars me from coming down ...
I am very ,
very sorry .
Do forgive me . " ( Twain n.d. ) .
Colorado Springs
This publicity photo taken at Colorado Springs was a double exposure .
Tesla poses with his " magnifying transmitter " capable of producing
millions of volts of electricity .
The discharge here is twenty - two feet
in length .
In a patent filed the previous year , " System of Transmission of
Electrical Energy " ( number 645,576 ) , [ Tesla ] claimed " it has
become possible to transmit through even moderately rarefied strata of
atmosphere electrical energy to practically any amount and to any distance . "
[...]
A friend and patent lawyer , Leonard E. Curtis , on being advised
of Tesla 's scheme , offered to find land and provide power for his research
from the El Paso Power Company of Colorado Springs [...]
The laboratory that began to rise from the prairie floor was both wired
and weird , a contraption with a roof that rolled back to prevent it from
catching fire , and a wooden tower that soared up to eighty feet .
Above
it was a 142 - foot metal mast supporting a large copper ball .
Inside the
strange wooden structure , technicians began to assemble an enormous Tesla
coil .
The frame on which the heavy primary and 17 - turn secondary coils
were wound had a diameter of fifty - one feet .
The third coil within it
was eight feet in diameter , with a hundred turns of wire .
This enormous
air - core transformer could deliver a current of 1,100 amperes .
The mysterious
" extra coil " in the center magnified the electrical effects
through a process called " resonant rise . "
The function of this
coil was not understood until the 1970s .
Builders erected a high fence around the site , and signs appeared on
every post - KEEP OUT .
GREAT DANGER - in hopes of keeping the curious
at a distance .
Fritz Löwenstein could not resist posting at the door
another sign , quoting Dante 's Inferno : " Abandon hope , all
ye who enter here . " [...]
Caption in Century Magazine , June 1900 , reads : " The photograph
shows three ordinary incandescent lamps lighted to full candle - power by
currents induced in a local loop consisting of a single wire forming a
square of fifty feet each side , which includes the lamps , and which is
at a distance of one hundred feet from the primary circuit energized by
the oscillator . "
To test his theory , Tesla had to become the first man to make electrical
effects on the scale of lightning .
The giant transmitter was arranged
accordingly .
On the evening of the experiment , he dressed for the occasion
in a Prince Albert coat , white gloves , and a derby hat .
To avoid electrocution ,
he took the precaution of wearing shoes with four - inch cork soles .
One
of his assistants described him as looking like a " gaunt Mephistopheles . "
Each item of equipment , every wire and connection , had been carefully
checked .
Tesla instructed his mechanic , Czito , to open the switch for
only one second .
The secondary coil began to sparkle and crack and an
eerie blue corona formed in the air around it .
Satisfied with the result ,
he ordered Czito to close the switch until told to cease .
Huge arcs of
blue electricity snaked up and down the center coil .
Exploding discharges
could be heard outside ( Cheney , Margaret .
1981 . Tesla : Man Out of Time .
New York : Prentice - Hall .
Reprint , 1991 .
New York : Barnes & Noble Books )
Bolts of man-made lightning more than a hundred feet in length shot out
from the mast atop the station .
The commotion could be heard in the mining
town of Cripple Creek , fifteen miles away .
Tesla thrilled to the sight
of great rods of flame .
Then suddenly the lightning stopped .
The experimental
station went black .
He shouted to Czito to turn the power on again , but
nothing happened .
His experiment had burned out the dynamo at the El Paso
Electric Company .
Not only Tesla , but the entire city had lost power .
The power station manager was livid and the local population began to
have second thoughts about the famous inventor .
But a week after the blackout ,
both Tesla and the power station were back in business .
However , Tesla
received no more free power .
A Weapon to End War
( L) Postcard illustration of the Hotel New Yorker , New York City .
( Collection
of The New - York Historical Society )
( R) Tesla announced his new beam weapon in numerous newspaper interviews
on his seventy - eighth birthday .
This article is from The New York Times , July 11 , 1934 .
In 1934 Tesla moved to his final residence , room 3327 ( still divisible
by three ) of the recently completed Hotel New Yorker .
There he lived alone
with his ideas and his pigeons for the next decade .
He posted a typewritten
note on the door : " Please Do Not Disturb The Occupant Of This Room . "
In Tesla 's mind , it was time to reveal his greatest invention : a perfect
and impossible idea , a weapon to prevent World War II .
On July 11 , 1934 , the headline on the front page of the New York
Times screamed , " TESLA AT 78 BARES NEW DEATH - BEAM . "
The
invention , the article reported ,
will send concentrated beams of particles through the free air , of
such tremendous energy that they will bring down a fleet of 10,000 enemy
airplanes at a distance of 250 miles from a defending nation 's border
and will cause armies of millions to drop dead in their tracks .
When put in operation , Dr. Tesla said , this latest invention of his
would make war impossible .
This death - beam , he asserted would surround
each country like an invisible Chinese wall , only a million times more
impenetrable .
It would make every nation impregnable against attack
by airplanes or by large invading armies . [...]
Joseph Butler , a U.S. Air Force expert on beam weapons , has said of Tesla's
idea , " Definitely , he had the concept of a charged particle beam
weapon back in the 1930s .
The concept was right on the mark ... particles
projected out long distances to do damage to some enemy airplanes , in
his particular case . "
But Butler added , " I have n't a clue how
he meant to actually do it " ( interview with the authors , 1998 ) .
Tesla 's system of transmission of power to aircraft by radio .
Illustrated
by Frank Paul for Radio News , December 1925 .
Enigmatic to the End
Tesla 's friend Kenneth Swezey also visited and was equally alarmed by
his condition , particularly when he saw that Tesla was subsisting on warm
milk and Nabisco crackers .
He noted that the empty enameled cracker cans
were stacked on shelves and used to hold various things .
Word began to
spread that the great inventor was near death .
Late in December of 1942 , with the war at its height , two young men identifying
themselves as U.S. government agents suddenly entered Tesla 's life .
One
was a member of the OSS ( predecessor to the CIA ) named Ralph Bergstresser .
The other , Bloyce Fitzgerald , was an expert on ballistics technology working
with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
According to Bergstresser ,
Tesla agreed to share his most sensitive documents with them and allowed
them to carry stacks of material away for microfilming .
Based on their
review , the two men were able to arrange a meeting at the White House
on January 8 , 1943 , with Roosevelt 's science advisor and other high - ranking
officials .
Tesla was too ill to attend ( interview with the authors , 1993 ) .
Meanwhile a prominent Yugoslav writer , Louis Adamic ( The Immigrant's
Return ) , wrote a letter to Eleanor Roosevelt on December 29 describing
the inventor 's circumstances :
Today he is ... worse than penniless .
He is extremely frail , weighing
less than 90 pounds .
His health is poor ; he has grown somewhat bitter
against his country , the United States ...
He suffers , too , to the point
of bitterness , because he feels that everyone in America , including
beneficiaries of fortunes created by his inventions , has forgotten him .
...
The fact now is that he is up against it ...
This letter is not
an appeal to help him financially .
...
This is merely to suggest that
the President write him a letter which will indicate that America has
not forgotten [ him ] .
Perhaps this coming New Year is a good occasion
for such a letter ( Adamic 1942 ) .
New Year 's
Eve came and went , and there was no letter .
Tesla 's loyal
associate , George Scherff , visited him on January 4 to help him prepare
for an experiment .
The final project , its nature unknown , was terminated
when Tesla complained of sharp pains in his chest .
He refused medical
aid .
Scherff left the hotel , bidding him goodbye for the last time .
On the night of January 7 , 1943 , the eve of the Orthodox Christmas , snow
fell on New York City .
In a darkened room on the thirty - third floor of
the Hotel New Yorker , Tesla lay listening to the clamor of traffic below .
His great legacy , the technological world he had helped create , would
continue without him .
There would be no more riveting announcements , or
shrieks of " Eureka , " or terrifying bolts of lightning leaping
in his laboratory .
The pigeons on the window ledge stirred their feet
and ruffled their feathers .
Hard times lay ahead for the pigeons ; he had
nothing to leave them .
Nikola Tesla , aged eighty - six , died in his sleep .
The coroner 's report
read : " No suspicious circumstances . "
The Cosmic Signature
Nikola Tesla monument installed at Goat Island , Niagara Falls , a gift
to the United States on the occasion of its bicentennial and Tesla 's 120th
anniversary , July 23 , 1976 .
The monument is a second casting of the sculpture
by Fran Krsinic .
The first casting is installed in front of the Faculty of Electrical Engineering
Building , University of Belgrade .
The world would be a very different place without the ideas and inventions
of Nikola Tesla .
With the flick of a switch the power of the waterfall
and the coal furnace is transported to our fingertips .
Worldwide communication
reach nearly every person on the planet .
A remote - controlled device has
explored the surface of Mars .
And at this moment , receivers are pointed
at the heavens waiting for a message from afar .
One can picture the inventor
nodding , then shrugging , and perhaps wondering what took us so long .
In
the end , Tesla was one of our greatest dreamers , and great dreams have
a way of becoming reality .
The inventor consoled himself by saying , " The
scientific man does not aim at an immediate result .
He does not expect
that his advanced ideas will be readily taken up .
His work is like that
of a planter - for the future .
His duty is to lay the foundation for those
who are to come , and point the way .
( Tesla , My inventions : My early life .
Electrical Experimenter ; February 1919 )
_____
The
article above is an excerpt of Tesla :
Master of Lightning
by Margaret Cheney and Robert Uth .
It is reproduced here with permission .
There are many parts of Tesla 's life that we did n't talk about - for example ,
the details about the War of Currents , his contributions to the Niagara
Falls hydroelectric power station , his mysterious work at the Wardenclyffe
Tower - that are illustrated in great details in the book .
ABOUT THE AUTHORS
MARGARET CHENEY is the author
of three previous books , including the classic biography Tesla : Man Out of Time for which she received the first International
Tesla Award .
A former Associated Press editor , she is currently a member
of the executive board of the Tesla Memorial Society .
She resides in California .
ROBERT UTH is a documentary
film producer and writer .
With his wife , Simonida , he has spent years
researching the life of Nikola Tesla .
This research is also reflected
in his documentary Tesla :
Master of Lightning .
IT SOUNDS distinctly unpromising .
A nine - volume , 2,200 - page report by a court - appointed examiner into the causes of Lehman Brothers ' bankruptcy , published on Thursday March 11th , has a table of contents that lasts for 38 pages .
Its most exciting finding relates to an off - balance - sheet accounting gimmick .
But the work of Anton Valukas , the chairman of Jenner & Block , a law firm , is crisp , clear and explosive .
Mr Valukas and his team took more than a year to research their report .
They collected more than 5 m documents and reviewed an estimated 34 m pages of information .
Looking at Lehman 's IT systems was a particular challenge .
The firm had a rat 's nest of more than 2,600 systems and applications at the time it went bust ;
Mr Valukas boiled that down to the 96 most relevant ones , some of which are now operated by Barclays ( the buyer of Lehman 's American arm after the holding company failed ) .
He also conducted more than 250 informal interviews , many of them with Lehman 's directors and most senior executives .
The report 's juiciest finding relates to Lehman 's use of an accounting device called Repo 105 , which allowed the bank to bring down its quarter - end leverage temporarily .
Repurchase ( “ repo ” ) agreements , whereby borrowers swap collateral for cash and agree to buy the collateral back later at a small premium , are a very common form of short - term financing .
They normally have no effect on a firm 's overall leverage : the borrowed cash and the obligation to repurchase the collateral balance each other out .
But Repo 105 took advantage of an accounting rule called SFAS 140 , which enabled Lehman to reclassify such borrowing as a sale .
Lehman would give collateral to its counterparty and receive cash in return .
Because the deal was being recorded as a sale , the collateral disappeared from Lehman 's balance - sheet and the bank used the cash it generated to pay down debt .
To outsiders , it looked as though Lehman had reduced its leverage .
In fact , the obligation to buy back the collateral remained .
Once the quarter - end had come and gone , Lehman borrowed money to repay the cash and buy back the collateral , and its leverage spiked back up again .
Mr Valukas marshals plenty of evidence to back up his claim that “ Lehman painted a misleading picture of its financial condition ” .
The effect of Repo 105 was material : the firm temporarily removed around $ 50 billion - worth of assets at the end of the first and second quarters of 2008 , a time when market jitters about its leverage were pervasive ( see table below ) .
Mr Valukas can see no legitimate business reason to undertake the transaction , which was more expensive than a normal repo financing and had to be done through its London - based arm because Lehman was unable to get an American lawyer to agree that Repo 105 involved a true sale of assets .
He also uncovers all sorts of unguarded e-mail traffic about the practice , which employees variously described as “ window - dressing ” and an “ accounting gimmick ” .
Bart McDade , who became president of Lehman in June 2008 and tried to stop the bank from being so aggressive in its use of Repo 105 , described it in April of that year as “ another drug we r [ sic ] on ” .
Mr Valukas believes that “ colourable claims ” — meaning a plausible legal claim for damages — could be brought against Dick Fuld , the firm 's boss , and three of Lehman 's chief financial officers for filing “ materially misleading ” quarterly reports .
He also thinks that Ernst & Young , Lehman 's auditor , has a case to answer for allowing these reports to go unchallenged .
Whether the report will actually lead to lawsuits remains to be seen .
Mr Fuld says he did not know about the Repo 105 transactions ; Ernst &
Young says that Lehman 's reporting was in line with accounting principles .
But even if executives were not breaching their fiduciary duties , the examiner 's report gives Lehman 's creditors and shareholders an awful lot of other reasons to feel aggrieved .
Lehman 's liquidity pool was not that liquid , after all
As well as his findings on Repo 105 , Mr Valukas describes how Lehman 's liquidity pool , which was designed to allow the bank to survive in stressed financial conditions for 12 months , contained cash and securities that had been assigned as collateral to its clearing banks , which grew increasingly nervous about doing business with Lehman .
On September 10th 2008 , just five days before it filed for bankruptcy , Ian Lowitt , the bank 's chief financial officer at the time , told investors that its liquidity pool remained strong at $ 42 billion .
Yet an internal document from September 9th showed that it had a “ low ability to monetise ” almost 40 % of the assets involved .
The liquidity pool was not that liquid , after all .
Mr Valukas also draws back the curtain on the decisions that led Lehman into trouble in the first place .
Lehman 's chiefs signally failed to see the potential contagion from the subprime implosion .
In its pursuit of growth , the firm 's overall risk appetite was repeatedly increased and limits on the size of single leveraged - loan transactions were routinely ignored .
Incredibly , stress tests failed to include many of Lehman 's most illiquid assets .
Even when executives began to understand the scale of the risks they were taking , they kept taking on business rather than walk away from deals .
Board directors were unaware for several months in 2007 that Lehman had breached its risk - appetite limit .
They also did not know that executives had used a new methodology , based on aggressive revenue projections , to increase that risk - appetite threshold again in January 2008 .
And so on , for page after damning page .
Mr Valukas 's conclusion is that Lehman 's aggressive growth strategy and its approach to risk reflected “ serious but non-culpable errors of business judgment ” rather than any breach of fiduciary duties .
But the stain on the reputation of the bank 's executives and directors has grown even larger .
A California senator who has staunchly opposed homosexual rights now says he is gay , ending days of speculation that began after his arrest last week for investigation of driving under the influence .
Roy Ashburn , a conservative Republican , came out in an interview with KERN radio on Monday .
Ashburn said he felt compelled to address rumours that he had visited a gay nightclub near the Capitol before his drunken driving arrest .
" I am gay ... those are the words that have been so difficult for me for so long , " Ashburn told conservative talk show host Inga Barks .
The 55 - year - old father of four said he had tried to keep his personal life separate from his professional life until his March 3 arrest .
Sexually - Transmitted Infections are on the rise among Minnesota teens , but current law do enough to teach comprehensive sexual health education that would help both their straight and LGBT students stay safe as they start exploring their sexuality , say advocates .
A pair of bills making their way through the state Senate and House of Representatives is trying to change that , but in Wednesday ’s hearing in the Senate ’s Health , Housing , and Family Security Committee , the bills met with at - times strange opposition from social and religious conservatives .
According to 2001 data presented at the hearing by Senator John Marty , a sponsor for one of the bills and the committee ’s chair , American teens have much higher rates of STIs than their peers in Canada , the United Kingdom , France , or Sweden , even though teens in all countries have roughly the same amount of sex and start having sex at similar ages .
“ We do a horrendous job of addressing STIs and teen pregnancies ” compared to these countries , Marty told the committee .
Public health workers say comprehensive sex ed is not the only answer to the recent dramatic increase in HIV rates among young gay and bi Minnesotans , but they agree that it has to be part of any effort seeking to head off any more increases .
Tom Prichard , head of the right - wing Minnesota Family Council , testified that the kind of comprehensive sex ed outlined in the Senate bill would promote “ homosexual behavior , anal or oral sex , things like that . ”
“ Do you think someone wakes up one day and decides to leave an ‘ alternative lifestyle ? ' ” responded Sen .
Paul Koering , the state Senate ’s only gay Republican member .
Prichard and other opponents of comprehensive sex ed also claimed that most Minnesota schools already teach some form of comprehensive sex education .
However , in an interview with TheColu.mn last month , Lori Alveshere of the Minnesota Organization on Adolescent Pregnancy , Prevention , and Parenting , one of the groups lobbying for the bill , said that no - one knows what is being taught at all Minnesota schools .
Tom Pritchard ( Photo , James Sanna )
Robin Edmunds , mother of two high schoolers at Chaska and Chanhassen high schools , said a sex ed seminar at one of the schools covering condom use “ raped my children ’s minds and souls , ” and suggested that the proposed bill would offend many conservatives throughout the state .
Senator Sandy Pappas , the bill ’s chief sponsor , responded that the proposed law offered plenty of opportunity for parents like Edmunds to pull their children out of portions of a sex ed class that they found offensive , and requires school districts to get specific parent approval for any new sex ed curriculum introduced to comply with the law .
Following the hearing , MOAPPP ’s Alveshere conceded that this same provision that would make the bill palatable to vocal conservative groups in Greater Minnesota communities could also result in LGBTQ teens going through a health class without learning vital safe - sex practices , such as how to properly use a condom or a dental dam .
“ We want to respect Minnesota ’s strong tradition of local control [ of school currculum ] , ” Alveshere said , suggesting that achieving LGBT - inclusive sex ed in all Minnesota schools would be a two - step process .
“ The bill leaves a lot of room for advocacy at a local level … for parents and teacher to advocate for what the community needs , ” she said , referring to curriculum elements discussing anal sex and other ‘ non- traditional ’ positions .
So What ’s Good Sex Ed ?
I spoke to Emily Shor , a sex health educator at Minneapolis ’ North High who is organizing a queer sex ed class for District 202 , about what would make an ideal queer - inclusive sex ed program .
“ One of the most important things for queer kids talking about sex is feeling really safe and feeling that there ’s a strong base of community support , ” she said .
“ Before talking about prevention want to make sure kids feel safe talking about being queer and sexually active , or not . ”
To be fully inclusive and most effective , Shor said , educators would do well to talk in terms of behaviors , not identity .
Not only does it make sure students do n’t have to out themselves in front of peers , but it makes for more effective communication .
“ You ’re laying out all the risks , ” Shor said .
“ You ’re telling them ‘ if you ’re putting a penis in a vagina you ’re at this point [ on the risk continuum . ] ' ”
Senator John Marty ( Photo : James Sanna )
“ Keeping it alive ”
Alveshere and Senator Marty were both less - than - optimistic that the bill would pass this session , despite a study by Dr. Michael Reznik from the University of Minnesota Medical School ’s Pediatrics Department , presented to the committee , suggesting an overwhelming majority of Minnesota parents support comprehensive sex ed classes taught in schools .
“ What we want to do is pass it , obviously , ” Marty said in an interview following the hearing , “ but it ’s not likely to pass this year give the political realities . ”
By making their case before the relevant committees in the House and Senate , Alveshere said , they were keeping the issue alive , and educating senators and representatives about the problems caused by a lack of comprehensive sex ed .
“ I think if you had a governor leading the way , ” it would pass easily , said Marty .
Do n’t worry , Tom Prichard .
Comprehensive sex ed wo n’t be turning Minnesota students queer .
Yet .
Data analytics firm Infochimps has released a tool that ’s both amusing for the casual Twitterer and useful for professionals–it ’s roughly the equivalent of Google ’s PageRank tech for tweets , and calculates how influential a Tweep is : Trst.me .
There are other Twitter ranking schemes out there , and Twitter itself has featured “ important ”
Tweeps in different ways , but Infochimp ’s newest creation borrows its model from an extremely highly regarded system that ’s backed with some serious math in the form of network analysis : Google ’s PageRank .
Specifically , Trst.me ’s servers have crawled all over Twitter ’s archive , collecting over 1.6 billion tweets , 1 billion user - user connections and info on 50 million users culled from the API since 2008 and with individual tweets dating back to 2006 .
They ’ve then processed this dataset to produce an “ iterative eigenvalue solution of the sparse matrix modeling steady - state network flow on the interest graph . ”
Confused ?
Check out this graphic explaining how PageRank itself works :
The orange link C is “ worth ” more than the yellow one “ E , ” because despite having much less links connected to it , the one it does have is a much more significant one .
This is how Google decides which search results bubble to the top of its search data ( at least in part –the actual recipe is always evolving , and even more complex . )
And Infochimps have used a similar model to work out how significant an individual Tweep in their archive actually is .
The trst .me rank is a direct measure of how influential you are as a Twitterer , based on how significant your followers are .
To explain this even more simply , if @ Stephen Fry chooses to follow you your trst .me rank will rise much more than if your dad does , simply because if Fry retweets your postings , they ’ll have a much more significant audience .
This is a much more powerful way of measuring your Twitter influence than a mere count of your followers .
On this scale I rank a fairly decent 3.8 units ( chimps ? ) while @fastcompany levels at 6.5 .
Meanwhile the number one Tweep is @ BarackObama with 9.9 , and Twitter favorite Ashton Kutcher comes in at joint second place with 9.7 .
But why ’s this data useful ?
Infochimps is confident it is , and is selling access to its archive via an API for $ 150 per quarter , so that people can embed the info on their web page–it ’s even selling the entire dataset to researchers and marketers for a one - off fee .
The usefulness is partly explained right there : Social science researchers will likely find incredibly useful data among the archives , and marketers can leverage the information they can glean about user behavior , and their company ’s successes to improve how they use Twitter as a promotional tool–it may even help them target particularly influential Tweeps as contacts .
And there ’s one more thing :
The ranking system probably behaves similarly to that which Google itself uses to choose which tweets appear as part of its new live search update feature .
And since Google is never likely to release this stream as an API , trst.me ’s ranking is as close as developers may get to accessing the same sort of data as Google .
Talk show host Glenn Beck , left , and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , right , are among those President Barack Obama has recently held up for scorn .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Obama strategy gets personal
Mitch McConnell is in bed with Wall Street “ movers and shakers ” — and is fronting “ cynical and deceptive ” arguments on their behalf .
John Boehner is a health care Chicken Little to be mocked for predicting Armageddon if the Democrats ’ reform bill passed .
Advertisement
Sarah Palin can be ignored on arms control because she ’s “ not exactly an expert on nuclear issues . ”
And Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh are just a “ troublesome ” twosome spreading “ vitriol . ”
Democratic oppo research ?
Comments from Daily Kos ?
No , this is your president speaking .
Once chastised for not being tough enough , President Barack Obama has lately been getting personal with his political adversaries — singling them out for scorn in speeches , interviews , asides and even in his weekly radio address .
Rather than just going after big groups of bad guys — insurance companies , lobbyists , the media — Obama has adopted a strategy that gives a face to the enemy .
By setting himself up against specific opponents , he provides a point of contrast that ’s useful in invigorating a base hungry for bare knuckles and bravado — and forces those in the middle to choose between him and his villain du jour .
“ He lost some of his spunk and fight .
He lost what he had in the campaign .
When you campaign , you campaign against people , ” said Paul Stob , a Vanderbilt professor who co-operates the website www.presidentialrhetoric.com.
“ I think there have been very conscious decisions to get back to that . ”
With his approval numbers flat - lining near the 50 percent mark in recent months — and Democrats trailing Republicans by double digits among independents in recent surveys — the president and his congressional allies could use a boost among both core Democratic constituencies and folks who feel no particular allegiance to either party .
Republicans say the president ’s return to confrontational , campaign - style politics is beneath his office .
“ The presidency is the highest office of the land , and when he differs , he should differ on policy [ and ] on principle , ” said Ari Fleischer , who was the White House press secretary under President George W. Bush .
“ He ’s entitled to fight and defend himself , but not in ad hominem personal style .
It ’s unseemly for a president to do that . ”
Republicans also depict Obama ’s approach as a sign of weakness born of a loss of traction on the issues .
“ Name - calling is n’t typically done from a position of strength , ” McConnell spokesman Josh Holmes said .
Deputy White House press secretary Bill Burton describes a West Wing that gets personal when Obama ’s aides believe the other side is distorting the truth — and the media are playing along .
“ When he was a candidate , President Obama said as president he would tell people what they needed to hear not just what they wanted to hear .
And that includes telling hard truths to folks who are his friends and who are his political opponents , ” Burton said .
He said that Obama was “ taking on something that just was n’t true ” in calling out McConnell on Wall Street regulation , which the Senate minority leader and some of his colleagues have labeled a taxpayer bailout bill .
“ We went through a campaign where you saw if you did n’t answer charges they could really infect coverage and what people thought about particular issues .
In this case the president decided to just take it straight on . ”
By definition , the leader of the free world is punching down when he squares off against an individual foe .
And therein lies the risk , say students of presidential rhetoric .
“ He can look undignified , ” said John Murphy , a political scientist at the University of Illinois .
“ It ’s really got to be context - dependent . ”
Target , timing and tone are all important variables in whether a president is successful in taking on an adversary personally .
“ It ’s not unusual for presidents to be happy warriors in domestic political debates .
If they ’re going to call out an opponent , probably the best strategy to follow is to pick on someone of stature and to say it with a smile , ” said David Kusnet , who was President Bill Clinton ’s chief speechwriter .
“ The leader of the other party in the U.S. Senate or some hugely important media figure , and you can measure importance by audience , those targets are well within the tradition of targets that other presidents have taken on . ”
The classic example , he said , is President Franklin Roosevelt ’s use of the cadent “ Martin , Barton and Fish ” to identify conservatives who blocked his foreign policy in Congress in the run-up to the 1940 election .
Generally , Obama has been deft in his derision of political foes .
For example , the House minority leader ’s prediction that the health care law would begin Armageddon gave Obama a chance to note the absence of asteroids and earthquakes in the wake of its enactment .
But sometimes his barbs can be a tad acidic — as they were when ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos asked Obama to respond to Palin ’s critique of his plan to reduce the nation ’s nuclear arsenal .
“ I really have no response , ” Obama said .
“ Because last I checked , Sarah Palin ’s not much of an expert on nuclear issues .
... [ I ] f the secretary of defense and the chairman of the Joints Chiefs of Staff are comfortable with it , I ’m probably going to take my advice from them and not from Sarah Palin . ”
For a while last year , House Minority Whip Eric Cantor appeared to be White House enemy No. 1 .
Burton said it ’s not as well - planned as that .
“ We do n’t have a meeting every time the president uses someone ’s name or does n’t use someone ’s name .
It ’s a matter of taking on things that are n’t true and making sure people have the information they need to make their own determinations about policies or issues , ” Burton said .
“ The president makes all the final decisions on what he ’s going to say . ”
But those instances appear to be on the increase , perhaps in response to Democratic complaints that Obama was n’t willing to fight .
“ Earlier , President Obama was criticized for not having the resolve to fight for what he wants , ” said Martha Joynt Kumar , a Towson University professor who studies White House communication .
“ That is not an image he wants to take hold as it will compromise his ability to lead .
Presidents need to instill some fear in their critics .
He has a difficult agenda to move forward and he needs to define his critics if he can . ”
Rather than backing down in the face of Obama ’s criticism , Texas GOP Sen .
John Cornyn accused the president of “ demeaning himself and his office . ”
Fleischer said Bush preferred not to engage opponents directly .
“ President Bush instructed me never to go after anybody by name or an individual , to keep it broad , ” Fleischer said .
Burton says the White House decides on a case - by - case basis whether to identify an individual adversary .
“ In the McConnell case , it was just crystal clear that he was , in many venues , making an argument that just frankly was not true and so the president took it on , ” Burton said .
Wall Street regulation is n’t the first issue that ’s driven Obama to engage McConnell directly .
In March , the Senate minority leader became a whipping boy for Obama on health care .
When someone shouted out during a St. Louis fundraiser that month , Obama replied “ Was that Mitch McConnell ? ...
They do n’t like it when we ’re talking the truth . ”
While the one - on - one attack is good fodder for riling up his party ’s base , Fleischer said , “ most Americans are sick of it . ”
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) underscored the delicate nature of personal attacks Monday by trying to clarify what he meant when he went after McConnell the other day .
“ Mr. President , last week I criticized the Republican leader for the way he was handling Wall Street reform .
I even criticized him for a series of meetings he held in New York and the result of the meetings .
I want the record to be very clear , however , I in no way was impugning the integrity of my friend from Kentucky , ” Reid said after he and his aides spent a week blistering McConnell — and after Reid had been in New York for fundraisers .
“ The senior senator from Kentucky and I have fundamental policy differences on a number of issues , but no one should take my disagreement with my friend to question his honesty . ”
Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele seized on Reid ’s walk - back .
“ Now that Sen . Reid has apologized for personal attacks made towards Sen. McConnell , ” he asked in a statement , “ when will President Obama do the same ? ”
A New Zealand inventor has put a bizarre floating machine that can also take to the skies up for sale
Update : Pittsburgh Post - Gazette confirms report of surgical error
Rep . John Murtha ’s sudden death Monday may have been due to a surgical error , according to a source close to a congressman .
Murtha was admitted to the hospital on Jan 31 .
after suffering an infection resulting from gallbladder surgery .
He died days later .
“ This should have been a really simple surgery .
Laparoscopic gallbladder removal usually is no big deal , ” reported CNN ’s senior medical correspondent Elizabeth Cohen .
“ Many times people do n’t even get admitted to the hospital . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But a source told CNN that the congressman may have died after his intestines were nicked during the procedure .
“ He went in for a routine minimally invasive surgery , was discharged , they hit his intestines , [ he ] was taken to the hospital two days later , ” the source told CNN .
“ Nicking the intestines is a known complication of gallbladder surgery , ” Cohen added .
“ When you nick the intestines a person can get an infection and can die . ”
It ’s not unusual for complications to arise during routine surgery .
In a recent survey at the Mayo Clinic , nine percent of doctors admitted making a major error during the last 3 months .
Seventy percent of those doctors say that they were at fault for the error .
The Pittsburgh Post - Gazette was able to confirm that Murtha died due to an infection caused when doctors nicked his intestines during surgery .
Mr. Murtha was first hospitalized with gallbladder problems in December .
He had surgery Jan. 28 at the National Naval Hospital in Bethesda , Md . He went home , but was hospitalized two days later when complications developed .
According to a source close to Mr. Murtha — confirming a report in Politico — doctors inadvertently cut Mr. Murtha ’s intestine during the laparoscopic surgery , causing an infection .
ADVERTISEMENT
DEVELOPING …
This video is from CNN ’s American Morning , broadcast Feb. 9 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
2005-02-09 04:00:00 PDT Washington --
The law signed by President Bush less than two months ago to add thousands of border patrol agents along the U.S. - Mexico border has crashed into the reality of Bush 's austere federal budget proposal , officials said Tuesday .
Officially approved by Bush on Dec. 17 after extensive bickering in Congress , the National Intelligence Reform
Act included the requirement to add 10,000 border patrol agents in the five years beginning with 2006 .
Roughly 80 percent of the agents were to patrol the southern U.S. border from Texas to California , along which thousands of people cross into the United States illegally every year .
But Bush 's proposed 2006 budget , revealed Monday , funds only 210 new border agents .
The shrunken increase reflects the lack of money for an army of border guards and the capacity to train them , officials said .
Retired Adm. James Loy , acting head of the Department of Homeland Security until nominee Michael Chertoff takes over , said funding only 210 new agents was a " recognition that we need to balance those things as we go on down the road with other priorities . "
The White House referred questions about the border agents to the Homeland Security Department .
The law signed by Bush had a caveat that went virtually unreported at the time .
A summary , published by the Senate Government Affairs Committee , required the government to increase the number of border patrol agents by at least 2,000 per year , " subject to available appropriations . "
Democrats were unhappy that the proposed budget used the escape clause so soon after the president approved the huge boost in border agents .
" We know we must do more to shore up security along our borders , " said Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut , top Democrat on the Senate Governmental Affairs Committee .
" The president 's budget does not even attempt to meet this challenge . "
Some Republicans also were displeased .
" This is an area of homeland security that needs to be ramped up in order to increase surveillance and patrols of our nation 's vast and often remote borders , " said Sen. Susan Collins of Maine , chair of the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee .
A Jan. 24 letter signed by leading Republican lawmakers implored the president to fully fund the new law " in order to secure our borders against infiltration by terrorists . "
The lead signer was Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R - Wis. , chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and a leader of GOP efforts to toughen immigration laws and anti-terrorism statutes .
It ’s been reported that since progressive radio network Air America filed for bankruptcy on January 25th , 2010 , everything has been for sale in the companywide liquidation that ’s followed .
The auction began today at 11:00 EDT .
While there may be something poignant about that for fans of the network , there ’s one thing on the auction block that ’s likely to bother them more than the broadcast equipment and cubicles :
Their e-mail mailing list , which auctioneers are billing at “ intellectual property . ”
This in spite of the fact that Air America ’s privacy agreement said that newsletter e-mail addresses “ [ would ] not be divulged to any third party ” as recently as January 17th of this year .
From Maltz Auctions ’ auction details for the sale :
Intellectual Property :
Company Name : Air America Media , LLC
Domain Name : AirAmerica.com
Company Phone Numbers
E-mail Mailing List ( emphasis added )
Though the practice is frowned upon by consumers , there are companies out there whose entire business consists of buying and selling bulk e-mail addresses .
But : according to WikiAnswers ( which is admittedly not a legal textbook ) , the legality of selling a mailing list hinges on the terms of use contract that the customer signed before agreeing to join the list .
It depends on the contract ( sometimes called the Terms of Use or End User License Agreement ) that the customer signed and agreed to .
If that agreement ( which is a binding contract ) says that the company can sell information given to them , it is perfectly legal .
If the contract says that the company cannot sell customer information , then doing so would be a breach of contract .
Air America ’s website is down , but their privacy policy is still gettable , thanks to a little something called “ Google caching . ”
Two relevant passages from the privacy policy , which was cached on January 17th , 2010 :
[ 1]e . The Air America site has a newsletter distributed via e-mail .
If you choose to subscribe to this feature , you must provide a valid e-mail address .
Your e-mail address will be used only by Air America for the distribution of the newsletter and any promotions or marketing that we feel may be of interest to you and will not be divulged to any third party , except as required by court order .
All Air America newsletters include an unsubscribe link in at the very bottom .
Clicking this link will unsubscribe you immediately . …
4 . What information does Air America share with third parties ?
a .
Unless described herein , Air America will not impart to third parties individual users ’ e-mail addresses or other individual personal information unless required to do so by law .
The only stipulations described therein pertain to cookies on the website itself , sweepstakes , and court orders and warrants — nothing about their standard mailing list .
I ’m no lawyer , but that does n’t sound too good .
Legal , not , or merely shady , pity the Air America e-mail subscribers — even the ones who read the fine print — who may be on their way to having their contact information sold to the highest bidder .
Update : Gawker has dug up a copy of the relevant part of the auction catalogue ; click it to see their larger version .
( h/t Sam Seder ’s Twitter )
Update # 2 : Verena von Pfetten , fearless leader of our sister site Styleite and former Entertainment / Lifestyle myrmidon at Air America , just received the following in an email :
hi…i was lucky enough to buy what appears to be the airbook that you had used at air america … would you kindly provide [ the ] password ?
i would greatly appreciated it !
you may email or telephone me at my home phone no .
thanks very much !
So :
The emails and documents of former employees are also , technically , up for auction !
FUN .
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
The cigarette cancels out the protective effect of alcohol Sensible drinking can substantially reduce your risk of a stroke , but only if you do n't enjoy a cigarette at the same time , research suggests .
A study of over 20,000 people in the UK found non-smokers who drank moderate amounts were nearly 40 % less likely to have a stroke than non-drinkers .
But once cigarettes were added , this protective effect vanished .
The findings are being presented at a meeting of the American Academy of Neurology in Toronto .
The study , led by Cambridge University , looked at 22,254 people over 12 years .
There were nearly 900 strokes .
People who stayed within moderate drinking guidelines - one or two small glasses of wine a day for a woman and slightly more for a man - saw a 37 % decrease in their risk of stroke .
But this was only true if they did not smoke , with smoking drinkers and smoking non-drinkers seeing similar levels of risk .
" Our findings could have public health implications in that we appear to have a clearer understand of the dangers of combing smoking and moderate drinking on overall stroke risk , " according to lead researcher Yangmei Li.
Smoking trouble Large quantities of alcohol are known to increase the chance of a stroke by raising blood pressure , a key risk factor .
The links between smoking and stroke are clear - 10 % of stroke deaths and a quarter of all strokes are linked to smoking
Stroke Association
But alcohol does thin the blood , so can prevent clots forming .
It may also affect the way cholesterol is carried in the bloodstream , reducing the risk of the build - up of fatty deposits in the blood vessel walls .
Smoking , however , causes the arteries to fur up , making the blood more likely to clot .
This increases the risk of a stroke .
The study suggests that alcohol does not prevent this process that smoking kicks off .
" The links between smoking and stroke are clear - 10 % of stroke deaths and a quarter of all strokes are linked to smoking .
So giving up smoking is a vital step in reducing your risk of stroke , " says Joe Korner of The Stroke Association .
" It is also important to note that drinking moderate amounts of alcohol does not protect against haemorrhagic strokes - those caused by a bleed , and in some cases it may in fact increase the risk .
And we know that drinking more than the recommended alcohol limit increases your risk of all types of stroke . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Secure purchase with Escrow.com
Your transaction will be securely processed by Escrow.com , a 3rd party licensed escrow company .
The seller will pay all escrow fees .
Learn more .
The article was rather short ( and not too informative ) , but one excerpt suggests a compelling parallel :
“ Staff at Blair Drummond Safari and Adventure Park in Stirlingshire used video cameras to document the death of a terminally ill female named Pansy , believed to be more than 50 years old .
When she became lethargic in the days leading up to her death , other members of the group became quieter than usual and stayed with her at nights , grooming her more than they did normally .
After her death , her daughter stayed near the body for an entire night , even though she had never slept on that platform before .
All of the group were subdued for several days afterwards , and avoided the place where she had died , spending long hours grooming each other . ”
Visit here to see two excerpts of some of this footage : the first video reveals a moment of death in a chimps life with surrounding family , and the bottom video shows a young chimp playing with a dead one until the mother takes it away .
Primal Empathy : Your Suffering Is My Suffering
When a chimp notices a family member is dying they become more attuned to that member ’s needs ( in the same way a mother becomes attuned to the needs of her baby ) .
Like chimps , our brains “ sync up ” ( as Daniel Goleman puts it in his book “ Social Intelligence , ” ) and we feel what another being is experiencing .
In social neuroscience this is referred to as primal empathy or “ the ability to sense the non-verbal emotional signals of others and to feel what they are feeling . ”
Evolutionary psychology tell us that we are biologically driven to respond to those needs ; in other words : they are instinctual .
We all experience primal empathy in one form or another .
Narcissists and sociopaths show weak empathy for others while those who are charitable and compassionate are seen as more empathetic .
Whenever I think about empathy I am reminded of the teachings by Buddha .
He emphasized the wisdom of interconnectedness and described loving - kindness and compassion as a logical moral consequence of this insight .
Science is bringing us one step closer to this knowledge .
Through neuroscience we are seeing the biochemical effects of brains and minds feeling connected .
In evolutionary psychology we are witnessing high - order thinking mammals exhibit empathy and compassion for one another .
Animal Consciousness
Who knows what it ’s like to be a bat , or a whale , or even a tyrannosaurus ?
Each has a completely different sensory system and a completely different way to interact with its environment .
If we were to zoom into the consciousness of any animal it would probably be akin to a psychedelic experience .
Yet at the same time we are all united by the fact that we live , we breath , and we are all fighting to stay alive and satisfy our desires .
We often like to see animal consciousness as inherently distinct from human consciousness .
Some claim animals are n’t even conscious at all ( even to the extent that they do n’t experience pleasure and pain ) .
But this assumption seems to ignore even a basic commonsense understanding of other living things .
When viewing these videos of these chimps , when looking at animals at the zoo , or even when just observing our own pets , we are peering into the minds of these living creatures .
For humans , empathy is inter-species .
Where Is Evolution Heading ?
I do n’t think anyone is truly qualified to say where nature is heading .
Nature is always changing and adapting in unpredictable ways .
If empathy proves to be a dominant force in our evolution , then perhaps we can conclude – to some extent – that nature is a scientific , moral , and practical argument to act good ?
Perhaps , nature is heading toward a direction of less suffering and a greater sanctity for life ?
Maybe sometime in the far away future the golden rule can even beat out natural selection and “ survival of the fittest . ”
Maybe nature does have the potential to be divine ?
Maybe I am also just dreaming , but one can have their suspicions … either way it wo n’t be in any of our lifetimes .
George Westinghouse George Westinghouse , Jr was an American entrepreneur and engineer who invented the railway air brake and was a pioneer of the electrical industry .
Westinghouse was one of Thomas Edison 's main rivals in the early implementation of the American electricity system ...
George Westinghouse , Jr was an American entrepreneur and engineer who invented the railway air brake and was a pioneer of the electrical industry .
Westinghouse was one of Thomas Edison 's main rivals in the early implementation of the American electricity system ...
Thomas Edison Thomas Alva Edison was an American inventor and businessman .
He developed many devices that greatly influenced life around the world , including the phonograph , the motion picture camera , and a long - lasting , practical electric light bulb .
In addition , he created the world ’s first industrial ...
Thomas Alva Edison was an American inventor and businessman .
He developed many devices that greatly influenced life around the world , including the phonograph , the motion picture camera , and a long - lasting , practical electric light bulb .
In addition , he created the world ’s first industrial ...
Direct current Direct current is the unidirectional flow of electric charge .
Direct current is produced by such sources as batteries , thermocouples , solar cells , and commutator - type electric machines of the dynamo type .
Direct current may flow in a conductor such as a wire , but can also flow through ...
Direct current is the unidirectional flow of electric charge .
Direct current is produced by such sources as batteries , thermocouples , solar cells , and commutator - type electric machines of the dynamo type .
Direct current may flow in a conductor such as a wire , but can also flow through ...
Electric power Electric power is the rate at which electric energy is transferred by an electric circuit .
The SI unit of power is the watt .
-Circuits : Electric power , like mechanical power , is represented by the letter P in electrical equations ...
Electric power is the rate at which electric energy is transferred by an electric circuit .
The SI unit of power is the watt .
-Circuits : Electric power , like mechanical power , is represented by the letter P in electrical equations ...
Alternating current
In alternating current the movement of electric charge periodically reverses direction .
In direct current , the flow of electric charge is only in one direction ....
In alternating current the movement of electric charge periodically reverses direction .
In direct current , the flow of electric charge is only in one direction ....
Background
Electricity distribution File : Electricity grid simple - North America.svg|thumb|380px|right|Simplified diagram of AC electricity distribution from generation stations to consumers ...
File : Electricity grid simple - North America.svg|thumb|380px|right|Simplified diagram of AC electricity distribution from generation stations to consumers ...
Sebastian Ziani de Ferranti Sebastian Pietro Innocenzo Adhemar Ziani de Ferranti was an electrical engineer and inventor .
- Personal life :... Sebastian Pietro Innocenzo Adhemar Ziani de Ferranti was an electrical engineer and inventor .
- Personal life :...
Lucien Gaulard Lucien Gaulard invented devices for the transmission of alternating current electrical energy .
- Biography : Gaulard was born in Paris , France ....
Galileo Ferraris Galileo Ferraris was an Italian physicist and electrical engineer , noted mostly for the studies and independent discovery of the rotating magnetic field , a basic working principle of the induction motor ...
Galileo Ferraris was an Italian physicist and electrical engineer , noted mostly for the studies and independent discovery of the rotating magnetic field , a basic working principle of the induction motor ...
William Stanley , Jr. William Stanley , Jr. was an American physicist born in Brooklyn , New York .
In his career , he obtained 129 patents covering a variety of electric devices .
- Biography : ... William Stanley , Jr. was an American physicist born in Brooklyn , New York .
In his career , he obtained 129 patents covering a variety of electric devices .
- Biography : ...
Nikola Tesla Nikola Tesla was a Serbian - American inventor , mechanical engineer , and electrical engineer ...
Nikola Tesla was a Serbian - American inventor , mechanical engineer , and electrical engineer ...
Polyphase system A polyphase system is a means of distributing alternating current electrical power .
Polyphase systems have three or more energized electrical conductors carrying alternating currents with a definite time offset between the voltage waves in each conductor .
Polyphase systems are particularly useful ...
A polyphase system is a means of distributing alternating current electrical power .
Polyphase systems have three or more energized electrical conductors carrying alternating currents with a definite time offset between the voltage waves in each conductor .
Polyphase systems are particularly useful ...
Transformer
A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from one circuit to another through inductively coupled conductors — the transformer 's coils .
A varying current in the first or primary winding creates a varying magnetic flux in the transformer 's core and thus a varying magnetic field ...
A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from one circuit to another through inductively coupled conductors — the transformer 's coils .
A varying current in the first or primary winding creates a varying magnetic flux in the transformer 's core and thus a varying magnetic field ...
Lucien Gaulard Lucien Gaulard invented devices for the transmission of alternating current electrical energy .
- Biography : Gaulard was born in Paris , France ....
AC power Power in an electric circuit is the rate of flow of energy past a given point of the circuit .
In alternating current circuits , energy storage elements such as inductance and capacitance may result in periodic reversals of the direction of energy flow ...
Power in an electric circuit is the rate of flow of energy past a given point of the circuit .
In alternating current circuits , energy storage elements such as inductance and capacitance may result in periodic reversals of the direction of energy flow ...
The competing systems
Electric shock Electric
Shock of a body with any source of electricity that causes a sufficient current through the skin , muscles or hair .
Typically , the expression is used to denote an unwanted exposure to electricity , hence the effects are considered undesirable ....
Split phase A split - phase electricity distribution system is a 3 - wire single - phase distribution system , commonly used in North America for single - family residential and light commercial applications .
It is the AC equivalent of the original Edison 3 - wire direct current system ...
A split - phase electricity distribution system is a 3 - wire single - phase distribution system , commonly used in North America for single - family residential and light commercial applications .
It is the AC equivalent of the original Edison 3 - wire direct current system ...
Ground and neutral
Since the neutral point of an electrical supply system is often connected to earth ground , ground and neutral are closely related .
Under certain conditions , a conductor used to connect to a system neutral is also used for grounding of equipment and structures ...
Voltage drop Voltage drop is the reduction in voltage in the passive elements of an electrical circuit .
Voltage drops across conductors , contacts , connectors and source internal resistances are undesired as they reduce the supplied voltage while voltage drops across loads and other electrical and electronic ...
Voltage drop is the reduction in voltage in the passive elements of an electrical circuit .
Voltage drops across conductors , contacts , connectors and source internal resistances are undesired as they reduce the supplied voltage while voltage drops across loads and other electrical and electronic ...
Transformer
A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from one circuit to another through inductively coupled conductors — the transformer 's coils .
A varying current in the first or primary winding creates a varying magnetic flux in the transformer 's core and thus a varying magnetic field ...
A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from one circuit to another through inductively coupled conductors — the transformer 's coils .
A varying current in the first or primary winding creates a varying magnetic flux in the transformer 's core and thus a varying magnetic field ...
Electric power Electric power is the rate at which electric energy is transferred by an electric circuit .
The SI unit of power is the watt .
-Circuits : Electric power , like mechanical power , is represented by the letter P in electrical equations ...
Electric power is the rate at which electric energy is transferred by an electric circuit .
The SI unit of power is the watt .
-Circuits : Electric power , like mechanical power , is represented by the letter P in electrical equations ...
Early transmission analysis
Distributed generation Distributed generation , also called on - site generation , dispersed generation , embedded generation , decentralized generation , decentralized energy or distributed energy , generates electricity from many small energy sources ....
Great Blizzard of 1888 The Great Blizzard of 1888 or Great Blizzard of ' 88 was one of the most severe blizzards in United States ' recorded history .
Snowfalls of 40 - 50 inches fell in parts of New Jersey , New York , Massachusetts and Connecticut , and sustained winds of over produced snowdrifts in excess of ...
The Great Blizzard of 1888 or Great Blizzard of ' 88 was one of the most severe blizzards in United States ' recorded history .
Snowfalls of 40 - 50 inches fell in parts of New Jersey , New York , Massachusetts and Connecticut , and sustained winds of over produced snowdrifts in excess of ...
Electric power distribution File : Electricity grid simple - North America.svg|thumb|380px|right|Simplified diagram of AC electricity distribution from generation stations to consumers ...
Hertz
The hertz is the SI unit of frequency defined as the number of cycles per second of a periodic phenomenon .
One of its most common uses is the description of the sine wave , particularly those used in radio and audio applications ....
Ventricular fibrillation Ventricular fibrillation is a condition in which there is uncoordinated contraction of the cardiac muscle of the ventricles in the heart , making them quiver rather than contract properly .
Ventricular fibrillation is a medical emergency and most commonly identified arrythmia in cardiac arrest ...
Ventricular fibrillation is a condition in which there is uncoordinated contraction of the cardiac muscle of the ventricles in the heart , making them quiver rather than contract properly .
Ventricular fibrillation is a medical emergency and most commonly identified arrythmia in cardiac arrest ...
Alternating current
In alternating current the movement of electric charge periodically reverses direction .
In direct current , the flow of electric charge is only in one direction ....
In alternating current the movement of electric charge periodically reverses direction .
In direct current , the flow of electric charge is only in one direction ....
Transmission loss
Power ( physics )
In physics , power is the rate at which energy is transferred , used , or transformed .
For example , the rate at which a light bulb transforms electrical energy into heat and light is measured in watts — the more wattage , the more power , or equivalently the more electrical energy is used per unit ...
In physics , power is the rate at which energy is transferred , used , or transformed .
For example , the rate at which a light bulb transforms electrical energy into heat and light is measured in watts — the more wattage , the more power , or equivalently the more electrical energy is used per unit ...
Transformer
A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from one circuit to another through inductively coupled conductors — the transformer 's coils .
A varying current in the first or primary winding creates a varying magnetic flux in the transformer 's core and thus a varying magnetic field ...
A transformer is a device that transfers electrical energy from one circuit to another through inductively coupled conductors — the transformer 's coils .
A varying current in the first or primary winding creates a varying magnetic flux in the transformer 's core and thus a varying magnetic field ...
Voltage Voltage , otherwise known as electrical potential difference or electric tension is the difference in electric potential between two points — or the difference in electric potential energy per unit charge between two points ...
Voltage , otherwise known as electrical potential difference or electric tension is the difference in electric potential between two points — or the difference in electric potential energy per unit charge between two points ...
Electrical resistance
The electrical resistance of an electrical element is the opposition to the passage of an electric current through that element ; the inverse quantity is electrical conductance , the ease at which an electric current passes .
Electrical resistance shares some conceptual parallels with the mechanical ...
The electrical resistance of an electrical element is the opposition to the passage of an electric current through that element ; the inverse quantity is electrical conductance , the ease at which an electric current passes .
Electrical resistance shares some conceptual parallels with the mechanical ...
Rotary converter A rotary converter is a type of electrical machine which acts as a mechanical rectifier or inverter .
It was used to convert AC to DC or DC to AC power before the advent of chemical or solid state power rectification ...
Mercury arc valve A mercury - arc valve is a type of electrical rectifier used for converting high - voltage or high - current alternating current into direct current .
Rectifiers of this type were used to provide power for industrial motors , electric railways , streetcars , and electric locomotives , as well as for ...
A mercury - arc valve is a type of electrical rectifier used for converting high - voltage or high - current alternating current into direct current .
Rectifiers of this type were used to provide power for industrial motors , electric railways , streetcars , and electric locomotives , as well as for ...
Thyristor A thyristor is a solid - state semiconductor device with four layers of alternating N and P - type material .
They act as bistable switches , conducting when their gate receives a current trigger , and continue to conduct while they are forward biased .
Some sources define silicon controlled rectifiers and ...
High - voltage direct current A high - voltage , direct current electric power transmission system uses direct current for the bulk transmission of electrical power , in contrast with the more common alternating current systems .
For long - distance transmission , HVDC systems may be less expensive and suffer lower electrical losses ...
Skin effect Skin effect is the tendency of an alternating electric current to distribute itself within a conductor with the current density being largest near the surface of the conductor , decreasing at greater depths .
In other words , the electric current flows mainly at the " skin " of the conductor , at an ...
Skin effect is the tendency of an alternating electric current to distribute itself within a conductor with the current density being largest near the surface of the conductor , decreasing at greater depths .
In other words , the electric current flows mainly at the " skin " of the conductor , at an ...
Edison 's publicity campaign
Fear , uncertainty and doubt Fear , uncertainty and doubt , frequently abbreviated as FUD , is a tactic used in sales , marketing , public relations , politics and propaganda ....
Harold P. Brown Harold Pitney Brown was the American credited with building the original electric chair based on the design by Dr. Alfred P. Southwick ...
Capital punishment Capital punishment , the death penalty , or execution is the sentence of death upon a person by the state as a punishment for an offence .
Crimes that can result in a death penalty are known as capital crimes or capital offences .
The term capital originates from the Latin capitalis , literally ...
Capital punishment , the death penalty , or execution is the sentence of death upon a person by the state as a punishment for an offence .
Crimes that can result in a death penalty are known as capital crimes or capital offences .
The term capital originates from the Latin capitalis , literally ...
Electric chair Execution by electrocution , usually performed using an electric chair , is an execution method originating in the United States in which the condemned person is strapped to a specially built wooden chair and electrocuted through electrodes placed on the body ...
Execution by electrocution , usually performed using an electric chair , is an execution method originating in the United States in which the condemned person is strapped to a specially built wooden chair and electrocuted through electrodes placed on the body ...
Harold P. Brown Harold Pitney Brown was the American credited with building the original electric chair based on the design by Dr. Alfred P. Southwick ...
New York New York is a state in the Northeastern region of the United States .
It is the nation 's third most populous state .
New York is bordered by New Jersey and Pennsylvania to the south , and by Connecticut , Massachusetts and Vermont to the east ...
New York is a state in the Northeastern region of the United States .
It is the nation 's third most populous state .
New York is bordered by New Jersey and Pennsylvania to the south , and by Connecticut , Massachusetts and Vermont to the east ...
William Kemmler William Francis Kemmler of Buffalo , New York , was a convicted murderer and the first person in the world to be executed using an electric chair .
- Early life :... William Francis Kemmler of Buffalo , New York , was a convicted murderer and the first person in the world to be executed using an electric chair .
- Early life :...
Niagara Falls
Hydroelectricity Hydroelectricity is the term referring to electricity generated by hydropower ; the production of electrical power through the use of the gravitational force of falling or flowing water .
It is the most widely used form of renewable energy ...
Hydroelectricity is the term referring to electricity generated by hydropower ; the production of electrical power through the use of the gravitational force of falling or flowing water .
It is the most widely used form of renewable energy ...
Niagara Falls
The Niagara Falls , located on the Niagara River draining Lake Erie into Lake Ontario , is the collective name for the Horseshoe Falls and the adjacent American Falls along with the comparatively small Bridal Veil Falls , which combined form the highest flow rate of any waterfalls in the world and has ...
Éleuthère Mascart Éleuthère Élie Nicolas Mascart was a noted French physicist , a researcher in optics and electricity .
Mascart was born in Quarouble , Nord .
He attended the École normale supérieure ...
William Unwin William Cawthorne Unwin FRS was a British civil and mechanical engineer .
He is noted for his extensive work on hydraulics and engines as well as his close association with William Fairbairn .
He is one of only a few men who have served as president of both the Institution of Civil Engineers and the ...
Entrepreneur
An entrepreneur is an owner or manager of a business enterprise who makes money through risk and initiative .
The term was originally a loanword from French and was first defined by the Irish - French economist Richard Cantillon .
Entrepreneur in English is a term applied to a person who is willing to ...
J. P. Morgan John Pierpont Morgan was an American financier , banker and art collector who dominated corporate finance and industrial consolidation during his time .
In 1892 Morgan arranged the merger of Edison General Electric and Thomson - Houston Electric Company to form General Electric ...
John Pierpont Morgan was an American financier , banker and art collector who dominated corporate finance and industrial consolidation during his time .
In 1892 Morgan arranged the merger of Edison General Electric and Thomson - Houston Electric Company to form General Electric ...
John Jacob Astor IV John Jacob Astor IV was an American businessman , real estate builder , investor , inventor , writer , lieutenant colonel in the Spanish - American War and a member of the prominent Astor family ...
John Jacob Astor IV was an American businessman , real estate builder , investor , inventor , writer , lieutenant colonel in the Spanish - American War and a member of the prominent Astor family ...
Pneumatics Pneumatics is a branch of technology , which deals with the study and application of use of pressurized gas to effect mechanical motion .
Pneumatic systems are extensively used in industry , where factories are commonly plumbed with compressed air or compressed inert gases ...
Power transmission
Power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a location where it is applied to performing useful work .
Power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time ...
Power transmission is the movement of energy from its place of generation to a location where it is applied to performing useful work .
Power is defined formally as units of energy per unit time ...
George Forbes ( scientist ) George Forbes FRS was an electrical engineer , astronomer , explorer , author and inventor , some of whose inventions are still in use .
- Early life :...
General Electric General Electric Company , or GE , is an American multinational conglomerate corporation incorporated in Schenectady , New York and headquartered in Fairfield , Connecticut , United States ...
General Electric Company , or GE , is an American multinational conglomerate corporation incorporated in Schenectady , New York and headquartered in Fairfield , Connecticut , United States ...
Buffalo , New York Buffalo is the second most populous city in the state of New York , after New York City .
Located in Western New York on the eastern shores of Lake Erie and at the head of the Niagara River across from Fort Erie , Ontario , Buffalo is the seat of Erie County and the principal city of the ...
Buffalo is the second most populous city in the state of New York , after New York City .
Located in Western New York on the eastern shores of Lake Erie and at the head of the Niagara River across from Fort Erie , Ontario , Buffalo is the seat of Erie County and the principal city of the ...
The Lauffen - Neckar demonstration International Electro - Technical Exhibition - 1891
The 1891 International Electro - Technical Exhibition was held between 16 May and 19 October on the disused site of the three former “ Westbahnhöfe ” in Frankfurt am Main .
The exhibition featured the first long distance transmission of high - power , three - phase electrical current , which was generated ...
Westinghouse successfully used Tesla's AC system in the commercial Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant The Ames Hydroelectric Generating Plant , located near Ophir , Colorado , was the world 's first commercial system to produce and transmit alternating current electricity .
It is now on the List of IEEE Milestones ....
The Chicago World 's Fair in 1893 World 's Columbian Exposition The World 's Columbian Exposition was a World 's Fair held in Chicago in 1893 to celebrate the 400th anniversary of Christopher Columbus 's arrival in the New World in 1492 .
Chicago bested New York City ; Washington , D.C. ; and St ...
Almirian Decker designed a three - phase Three - phase
In electrical engineering , three - phase electric power systems have at least three conductors carrying voltage waveforms that are radians offset in time ...
In electrical engineering , three - phase electric power systems have at least three conductors carrying voltage waveforms that are radians offset in time ...
Competition outcome
Charles Proteus Steinmetz Charles Proteus Steinmetz was a German - American mathematician and electrical engineer .
He fostered the development of alternating current that made possible the expansion of the electric power industry in the United States , formulating mathematical theories for engineers ...
Charles Proteus Steinmetz was a German - American mathematician and electrical engineer .
He fostered the development of alternating current that made possible the expansion of the electric power industry in the United States , formulating mathematical theories for engineers ...
Redundancy ( engineering )
In engineering , redundancy is the duplication of critical components or functions of a system with the intention of increasing reliability of the system , usually in the case of a backup or fail - safe ....
Remnant and existent DC systems
Helsinki Helsinki is the capital and largest city in Finland .
It is in the region of Uusimaa , located in southern Finland , on the shore of the Gulf of Finland , an arm of the Baltic Sea .
The population of the city of Helsinki is , making it by far the most populous municipality in Finland .
Helsinki is ...
Helsinki is the capital and largest city in Finland .
It is in the region of Uusimaa , located in southern Finland , on the shore of the Gulf of Finland , an arm of the Baltic Sea .
The population of the city of Helsinki is , making it by far the most populous municipality in Finland .
Helsinki is ...
Mercury arc valve A mercury - arc valve is a type of electrical rectifier used for converting high - voltage or high - current alternating current into direct current .
Rectifiers of this type were used to provide power for industrial motors , electric railways , streetcars , and electric locomotives , as well as for ...
A mercury - arc valve is a type of electrical rectifier used for converting high - voltage or high - current alternating current into direct current .
Rectifiers of this type were used to provide power for industrial motors , electric railways , streetcars , and electric locomotives , as well as for ...
Boston University Boston University is a private research university located in Boston , Massachusetts .
With more than 4,000 faculty members and more than 31,000 students , Boston University is one of the largest private universities in the United States and one of Boston 's largest employers ...
Boston University is a private research university located in Boston , Massachusetts .
With more than 4,000 faculty members and more than 31,000 students , Boston University is one of the largest private universities in the United States and one of Boston 's largest employers ...
New York City New York is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York Metropolitan Area , one of the most populous metropolitan areas in the world .
New York exerts a significant impact upon global commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and ...
New York is the most populous city in the United States and the center of the New York Metropolitan Area , one of the most populous metropolitan areas in the world .
New York exerts a significant impact upon global commerce , finance , media , art , fashion , research , technology , education , and ...
Consolidated Edison Consolidated Edison , Inc. is one of the largest investor - owned energy companies in the United States , with approximately $ 14 billion in annual revenues and $ 36 billion in assets ...
Consolidated Edison , Inc. is one of the largest investor - owned energy companies in the United States , with approximately $ 14 billion in annual revenues and $ 36 billion in assets ...
New Yorker Hotel The New Yorker Hotel , is a hotel located 481 Eighth Avenue in New York City .
The 43 - story Art Deco hotel opened in 1930 . - General : The New Yorker Hotel is a 900 room , mid-priced hotel .
It is located in Manhattan 's Garment Center , central to Pennsylvania Station , Madison Square Garden , Times Square ...
Rectifier A rectifier is an electrical device that converts alternating current , which periodically reverses direction , to direct current , which flows in only one direction .
The process is known as rectification ...
A rectifier is an electrical device that converts alternating current , which periodically reverses direction , to direct current , which flows in only one direction .
The process is known as rectification ...
Alcatraz Island Alcatraz Island is an island located in the San Francisco Bay , offshore from San Francisco , California , United States .
Often referred to as " The Rock " or simply " Traz " , the small island was developed with facilities for a lighthouse , a military fortification , a military prison , and a Federal ...
Alcatraz Island is an island located in the San Francisco Bay , offshore from San Francisco , California , United States .
Often referred to as " The Rock " or simply " Traz " , the small island was developed with facilities for a lighthouse , a military fortification , a military prison , and a Federal ...
Bankside Power Station Bankside Power Station is a former oil - fired power station , located on the south bank of the River Thames , in the Bankside district of London .
It generated electricity from 1952 to 1981 .
Since 2000 the station 's building has been used to house the Tate Modern art museum .
-History : The station was ...
Bankside Power Station is a former oil - fired power station , located on the south bank of the River Thames , in the Bankside district of London .
It generated electricity from 1952 to 1981 .
Since 2000 the station 's building has been used to house the Tate Modern art museum .
-History : The station was ...
River Thames The River Thames flows through southern England .
It is the longest river entirely in England and the second longest in the United Kingdom .
While it is best known because its lower reaches flow through central London , the river flows alongside several other towns and cities , including Oxford , ... The River Thames flows through southern England .
It is the longest river entirely in England and the second longest in the United Kingdom .
While it is best known because its lower reaches flow through central London , the river flows alongside several other towns and cities , including Oxford , ...
London London is the capital city of : England and the : United Kingdom , the largest metropolitan area in the United Kingdom , and the largest urban zone in the European Union by most measures .
Located on the River Thames , London has been a major settlement for two millennia , its history going back to its ...
London is the capital city of : England and the : United Kingdom , the largest metropolitan area in the United Kingdom , and the largest urban zone in the European Union by most measures .
Located on the River Thames , London has been a major settlement for two millennia , its history going back to its ...
Fleet Street Fleet Street is a street in central London , United Kingdom , named after the River Fleet , a stream that now flows underground .
It was the home of the British press until the 1980s ...
Fleet Street is a street in central London , United Kingdom , named after the River Fleet , a stream that now flows underground .
It was the home of the British press until the 1980s ...
Tate Modern Tate Modern is a modern art gallery located in London , England .
It is Britain 's national gallery of international modern art and forms part of the Tate group .
It is the most - visited modern art gallery in the world , with around 4.7 million visitors per year ...
Tate Modern is a modern art gallery located in London , England .
It is Britain 's national gallery of international modern art and forms part of the Tate group .
It is the most - visited modern art gallery in the world , with around 4.7 million visitors per year ...
Power electronics
Power electronics is the application of solid - state electronics for the control and conversion of electric power .
-Introduction : Power electronic converters can be found wherever there is a need to modify a form of electrical energy ...
Mercury arc valve A mercury - arc valve is a type of electrical rectifier used for converting high - voltage or high - current alternating current into direct current .
Rectifiers of this type were used to provide power for industrial motors , electric railways , streetcars , and electric locomotives , as well as for ...
A mercury - arc valve is a type of electrical rectifier used for converting high - voltage or high - current alternating current into direct current .
Rectifiers of this type were used to provide power for industrial motors , electric railways , streetcars , and electric locomotives , as well as for ...
Thyristor A thyristor is a solid - state semiconductor device with four layers of alternating N and P - type material .
They act as bistable switches , conducting when their gate receives a current trigger , and continue to conduct while they are forward biased .
Some sources define silicon controlled rectifiers and ...
Electronics Electronics
Electronics is the branch of science , engineering and technology that deals with electrical circuits involving active electrical components such as vacuum tubes , transistors , diodes and integrated circuits , and associated passive interconnection technologies ...
Electronics is the branch of science , engineering and technology that deals with electrical circuits involving active electrical components such as vacuum tubes , transistors , diodes and integrated circuits , and associated passive interconnection technologies ...
Integrated circuit Integrated circuit
An integrated circuit or monolithic integrated circuit is an electronic circuit manufactured by the patterned diffusion of trace elements into the surface of a thin substrate of semiconductor material ...
transmitter Transmitter
In electronics and telecommunications a transmitter or radio transmitter is an electronic device which , with the aid of an antenna , produces radio waves .
The transmitter itself generates a radio frequency alternating current , which is applied to the antenna .
When excited by this alternating ...
In electronics and telecommunications a transmitter or radio transmitter is an electronic device which , with the aid of an antenna , produces radio waves .
The transmitter itself generates a radio frequency alternating current , which is applied to the antenna .
When excited by this alternating ...
computer Computer
A computer is a programmable machine designed to sequentially and automatically carry out a sequence of arithmetic or logical operations .
The particular sequence of operations can be changed readily , allowing the computer to solve more than one kind of problem ...
Integrated circuit transmitter computer Vehicle starting , lighting , and ignition systems Car battery
An automotive battery is a type of rechargeable battery that supplies electric energy to an automobile .
Usually this refers to an SLI battery to power the starter motor , the lights , and the ignition system of a vehicle ’s engine ...
Hybrid Hybrid electric vehicle A hybrid electric vehicle is a type of hybrid vehicle and electric vehicle which combines a conventional internal combustion engine propulsion system with an electric propulsion system .
The presence of the electric powertrain is intended to achieve either better fuel economy than a conventional ...
Telecommunication Telephone
The telephone , colloquially referred to as a phone , is a telecommunications device that transmits and receives sounds , usually the human voice .
Telephones are a point - to - point communication system whose most basic function is to allow two people separated by large distances to talk to each other ...
The telephone , colloquially referred to as a phone , is a telecommunications device that transmits and receives sounds , usually the human voice .
Telephones are a point - to - point communication system whose most basic function is to allow two people separated by large distances to talk to each other ...
Uninterruptible power Uninterruptible power supply
An uninterruptible power supply , also uninterruptible power source , UPS or battery / flywheel backup , is an electrical apparatus that provides emergency power to a load when the input power source , typically mains power , fails ...
An uninterruptible power supply , also uninterruptible power source , UPS or battery / flywheel backup , is an electrical apparatus that provides emergency power to a load when the input power source , typically mains power , fails ...
Utility - scale battery systems Grid energy storage Grid energy storage refers to the methods used to store electricity on a large scale within an electrical power grid .
Electrical energy is stored during times when production exceeds consumption and the stores are used at times when consumption exceeds production ...
" Off - grid Off - the - grid The term off - the - grid or off - grid refers to living in a self - sufficient manner without reliance on one or more public utilities ....
Inverter ( electrical )
An inverter is an electrical device that converts direct current to alternating current ; the converted AC can be at any required voltage and frequency with the use of appropriate transformers , switching , and control circuits ....
An inverter is an electrical device that converts direct current to alternating current ; the converted AC can be at any required voltage and frequency with the use of appropriate transformers , switching , and control circuits ....
International War of Currents
International Electro - Technical Exhibition - 1891
The 1891 International Electro - Technical Exhibition was held between 16 May and 19 October on the disused site of the three former “ Westbahnhöfe ” in Frankfurt am Main .
The exhibition featured the first long distance transmission of high - power , three - phase electrical current , which was generated ...
Power station A power station is an industrial facility for the generation of electric energy ....
A power station is an industrial facility for the generation of electric energy ....
See also
General : Electricity Electricity Electricity is a general term encompassing a variety of phenomena resulting from the presence and flow of electric charge .
These include many easily recognizable phenomena , such as lightning , static electricity , and the flow of electrical current in an electrical wire ...
Electricity is a general term encompassing a variety of phenomena resulting from the presence and flow of electric charge .
These include many easily recognizable phenomena , such as lightning , static electricity , and the flow of electrical current in an electrical wire ...
Alternating current Alternating current
In alternating current the movement of electric charge periodically reverses direction .
In direct current , the flow of electric charge is only in one direction ....
In alternating current the movement of electric charge periodically reverses direction .
In direct current , the flow of electric charge is only in one direction ....
Direct current Direct current Direct current is the unidirectional flow of electric charge .
Direct current is produced by such sources as batteries , thermocouples , solar cells , and commutator - type electric machines of the dynamo type .
Direct current may flow in a conductor such as a wire , but can also flow through ...
Direct current is the unidirectional flow of electric charge .
Direct current is produced by such sources as batteries , thermocouples , solar cells , and commutator - type electric machines of the dynamo type .
Direct current may flow in a conductor such as a wire , but can also flow through ...
Extra -low voltage
AC advocates : Nikola Tesla Nikola Tesla Nikola Tesla was a Serbian - American inventor , mechanical engineer , and electrical engineer ...
Nikola Tesla was a Serbian - American inventor , mechanical engineer , and electrical engineer ...
Sebastian Ziani de Ferranti Sebastian Ziani de Ferranti Sebastian Pietro Innocenzo Adhemar Ziani de Ferranti was an electrical engineer and inventor .
- Personal life :... Sebastian Pietro Innocenzo Adhemar Ziani de Ferranti was an electrical engineer and inventor .
- Personal life : ...
George Westinghouse George Westinghouse George Westinghouse , Jr was an American entrepreneur and engineer who invented the railway air brake and was a pioneer of the electrical industry .
Westinghouse was one of Thomas Edison 's main rivals in the early implementation of the American electricity system ...
George Westinghouse , Jr was an American entrepreneur and engineer who invented the railway air brake and was a pioneer of the electrical industry .
Westinghouse was one of Thomas Edison 's main rivals in the early implementation of the American electricity system ...
Charles Proteus Steinmetz Charles Proteus Steinmetz Charles Proteus Steinmetz was a German - American mathematician and electrical engineer .
He fostered the development of alternating current that made possible the expansion of the electric power industry in the United States , formulating mathematical theories for engineers ...
Charles Proteus Steinmetz was a German - American mathematician and electrical engineer .
He fostered the development of alternating current that made possible the expansion of the electric power industry in the United States , formulating mathematical theories for engineers ...
Charles F. Scott Miksa Déri Miksa Déri Miksa Déri was a Hungarian electrical engineer .
He was , with his partners Károly Zipernowsky and Ottó Bláthy , co-inventor of the closed iron core transformer and the ZBD model AC electrical generator ....
Ganz Ganz
The Ganz electric works in Budapest is probably best known for the manufacture of tramcars , but was also a pioneer in the application of three - phase alternating current to electric railways .
Ganz also made / makes : ships , bridge steel structures , high voltage equipment ...
Ottó Bláthy Ottó Bláthy Ottó Titusz Bláthy was a Hungarian electrical engineer .
In his career , he became the co-inventor of the modern electric transformer , the tension regulator , , the AC watt - hour meter , the single - phase alternating current electric motor , the turbo generator , and the high efficiency turbo ...
DC advocates : Thomas Edison Thomas Edison Thomas Alva Edison was an American inventor and businessman .
He developed many devices that greatly influenced life around the world , including the phonograph , the motion picture camera , and a long - lasting , practical electric light bulb .
In addition , he created the world ’s first industrial ...
Thomas Alva Edison was an American inventor and businessman .
He developed many devices that greatly influenced life around the world , including the phonograph , the motion picture camera , and a long - lasting , practical electric light bulb .
In addition , he created the world ’s first industrial ...
Arthur Kennelly Harold P. Brown Harold P. Brown Harold Pitney Brown was the American credited with building the original electric chair based on the design by Dr. Alfred P. Southwick ...
Lord Kelvin William Thomson , 1st Baron Kelvin William Thomson , 1st Baron Kelvin OM , GCVO , PC , PRS , PRSE , was a mathematical physicist and engineer .
At the University of Glasgow he did important work in the mathematical analysis of electricity and formulation of the first and second laws of thermodynamics , and did much to unify the emerging ...
William Thomson , 1st Baron Kelvin OM , GCVO , PC , PRS , PRSE , was a mathematical physicist and engineer .
At the University of Glasgow he did important work in the mathematical analysis of electricity and formulation of the first and second laws of thermodynamics , and did much to unify the emerging ...
Further reading
Berton , Pierre ( 1997 ) .
Niagara : a history of the Falls .
New York : Kodansha International .
Beyer , Rick ( 2003 ) .
The greatest stories never told : 100 tales from history to astonish , bewilder , & stupefy .
New York : HarperResource .
Pages 122 - 123 .
Bordeau , Sanford P. ( 1982 ) .
Volts to Hertz — the rise of electricity : from the compass to the radio through the works of sixteen great men of science whose names are used in measuring electricity and magnetism .
Minneapolis , Minn : Burgess Pub .
Co .
Brandon , Craig ( 1999 ) .
The electric chair : an unnatural American history .
Jefferson , N.C. : McFarland & Co .
Brands , Henry William ( 1995 ) .
The reckless decade : America in the 1890s .
New York : St. Martin's Press .
Cheney , Margaret , Uth , Robert , & Glenn , Jim ( 1999 ) .
Tesla , master of lightning .
New York : MetroBooks .
Conot , Robert , A Streak of Luck : The Life and Legend of Thomas Alva Edison .
New York : Seaview Books ,
Dobson , K. , & Roberts , M. D. ( 2002 ) .
Physics : teacher resource pack .
Cheltenham : Nelson Thornes .
Dommermuth - Costa , C. ( 1994 ) .
Nikola Tesla : a spark of genius .
Minneapolis : Lerner Publications Co .
Edquist , Charles , Hommen , Leif , & Tsipouri , Lena J. ( 2000 ) .
Public technology procurement and innovation .
Economics of science , technology , and innovation , v. 16 .
Boston : Kluwer Academic .
The Electrical Engineer , " A new system of alternating current motors and transformers " .
( 1884 ) .
London : Biggs & Co. Pages 568 - 572 .
The Electrical Engineer , " Practical electrical problems at Chicago " .
( 1884 ) .
London : Biggs & Co. Pages 458 - 459 , 484 - 485 , and 489 - 490 .
Foster , Abram John ( 1979 ) .
The coming of the electrical age to the United States .
New York : Arno Press .
Mats Fridlund & Helmut Maier ,
The second battle of the currents : a comparative study of engineering nationalism in German and Swedish electric power , 1921 - 1961 .
Hughes , Thomas Parke ( 1983 ) .
Networks of power : electrification in Western society , 1880 - 1930 .
Baltimore : Johns Hopkins University Press .
Tom McNichol AC / DC : the savage tale of the first standards war , John Wiley and Sons , 2006 ISBN 0-7879-8267-9
Munson , Richard ( 2005 ) .
From Edison to Enron : the business of power and what it means for the future of electricity .
Westport , Conn : Praeger Publishers .
Reynolds , Terry S. , and Bernstein , Theodore .
“ Edison and the Chair , ” IEEE Technology and Society Magazine , March 1989 , pp. 19 –28 .
Seifer , Marc J. ( 1998 ) .
Wizard : the life and times of Nikola Tesla : biography of a genius .
Secaucus , N.J. : Carol Pub .
Silverberg , Robert , Light for the World , Edison and the Electric Power Industry .
Princeton : Van Nostrand , 1967 , pp. 229–243 .
Scholnick , Robert J. ( 1992 ) .
American literature and science .
Lexington : University Press of Kentucky .
Pages 157 - 171 .
Schurr , Sam H. , Burwell , Calvin C. , Devine , Warren D. , Sonenblum , Sidney ( 1990 ) .
Electricity in the American economy : agent of technological progress .
Contributions in economics and economic history , no .
117 . New York : Greenwood Press .
Walker , James Blaine ( 1949 ) .
The epic of American industry .
New York : Harper .
Westinghouse Electric Corporation , " Electric power transmission patents ; Tesla polyphase system .
( Transmission of power ; polyphase system ; Tesla patents )
Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company , Collection of Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company contracts , Pittsburgh , Pa .
External links
The source of this article is wikipedia , the free encyclopedia .
The text of this article is licensed under the GFDL
In theera ( sometimes , or ) in the late 1880s , George Westinghouse and Thomas Edison became adversaries due to Edison 's promotion of direct current ( DC ) for electric power distribution over alternating current ( AC ) advocated by several European companies and Westinghouse Electric based out of Pittsburgh , PA .
During the initial years of electricity distribution , Edison 's direct current was the standard for the United States and Edison did not want to lose all his patent royalties .
Direct current worked well with incandescent lamps that were the principal load of the day , and with motors .
Direct - current systems could be directly used with storage batteries , providing valuable load - leveling and backup power during interruptions of generator operation .
Direct - current generators could be easily paralleled , allowing economical operation by using smaller machines during periods of light load and improving reliability .
At the introduction of Edison 's system , no practical AC motor was available .
Edison had invented a meter to allow customers to be billed for energy proportional to consumption , but this meter worked only with direct current .
As of 1882 these were all significant technical advantages of direct current .
Alternating current had first developed in Europe due to the work of Guillaume Duchenne ( 1850s ) , Ganz Company ( 1870s ) , Sebastian Ziani de Ferranti ( 1880s ) , Lucien Gaulard , and Galileo Ferraris .
In North America one of the believers in the new technology was George Westinghouse .
Westinghouse was willing to invest in the technology and hired William Stanley , Jr. to work on an AC distribution system using step up and step down transformers of a new design in 1886 .
After Stanley left Westinghouse , Oliver Shallenberger took control of the AC project .
Nikola Tesla joined the team after 1888 .
Tesla partnered with Westinghouse Electric to commercialize his particular AC system .
Westinghouse had previously bought the rights to Tesla 's polyphase system patents and other patents for AC transformer s from Lucien Gaulard and John Dixon Gibbs .
Several undercurrents lay beneath this rivalry .
Edison did not have the mathematical background that many new engineering graduates had at the time .
C.S. Bradley and Tesla were just two examples of young men who believed in AC , had worked for Edison , and had left Edison due to their belief .
AC cannot be properly understood or exploited without a substantial understanding of mathematics and mathematical physics ( see AC power ) .
In addition to the business rivalry of companies like Oerlikon , Siemens , Westinghouse ( all AC promotors ) and the powerful Edison Electric , a personal rivalry developed between Nikola Tesla and Thomas A. Edison due to certain events : Tesla had worked for Edison but felt he was undervalued ( for example , when Edison first learned of the idea of alternating - current power transmission , he dismissed it : " [ Tesla 's ] ideas are splendid , but they are utterly impractical . " ) .
Bad feelings were exacerbated because Tesla had been cheated by Edison of promised compensation for his work .
Edison later came to regret that he had not listened to Tesla and used alternating current .
The " War of Currents " is often personified by the Tesla vs. Edison personal rivalry , however the " War of Currents " was much larger than that , it involved companies on both sides of the Atlantic which had invested heavily in AC or DC , each company hoped they would dominate the industry .
Edison 's DC distribution system consisted of generating plants feeding heavy distribution conductors , with customer loads ( lighting and motors ) tapped off them .
The system operated at the same voltage level throughout ; for example , 100 volt lamps at the customer 's location would be connected to a generator supplying 110 volts , to allow for some voltage drop in the wires between the generator and load .
The voltage level was chosen for convenience in lamp manufacture ; high - resistance carbon filament lamps could be constructed to withstand 100 volts , and to provide lighting performance economically competitive with gas lighting .
At the time it was felt that 100 volts was not likely to present a severe hazard of fatal electric shock
To save on the cost of copper conductors , a three - wire distribution system was used .
The three wires were at +110 volts , 0 volts and − 110 volts relative potential .
100 - volt lamps could be operated between either the +110 or − 110 volt legs of the system and the 0 - volt " neutral " conductor , which carried only the unbalanced current between the + and − sources .
The resulting three - wire system used less copper wire for a given quantity of electric power transmitted , while still maintaining ( relatively ) low voltages .
However , even with this innovation , the voltage drop due to the resistance of the system conductors was so high that generating plants had to be located within a mile ( 1 –2 km ) or so of the load .
Higher voltages could not so easily be used with the DC system because there was no efficient low - cost technology that would allow reduction of a high transmission voltage to a low utilization voltage .
In the alternating current system , a transformer was used between the ( relatively ) high voltage distribution system and the customer loads .
Lamps and small motors could still be operated at some convenient low voltage .
However , the transformer would allow power to be transmitted at much higher voltages , say , ten times that of the loads .
For a given quantity of power transmitted , the wire cross-sectional area would be inversely proportional to the voltage used .
Alternatively , the allowable length of a circuit , given a wire size and allowable voltage drop , would increase approximately as the square of the distribution voltage .
This had the practical significance that fewer , larger generating plants could serve the load in a given area .
Large loads , such as industrial motors or converters for electric railway power , could be served by the same distribution network that fed lighting , by using a transformer with a suitable secondary voltage .
Edison 's response to the limitations of direct current was to generate power close to where it was consumed ( today called distributed generation ) and install large conductors to handle the growing demand for electricity , but this solution proved to be costly ( especially for rural areas which could not afford to build a local station or to pay for massive amounts of very thick copper wire ) , impractical ( including , but not limited to , inefficient voltage conversion ) and unmanageable .
Edison and his company , though , would have profited extensively from the construction of the multitude of power plants required to make electricity available in many areas .
Direct current could not easily be converted to higher or lower voltages .
This meant that separate electrical lines had to be installed to supply power to appliances that used different voltages , for example , lighting and electric motors .
This required more wires to lay and maintain , wasting money and introducing unnecessary hazards .
A number of deaths in the Great Blizzard of 1888 were attributed to collapsing overhead power lines in New York City .
Alternating current could be transmitted over long distances at high voltages , using lower current , and thus lower energy loss and greater transmission efficiency , and then conveniently stepped down to low voltages for use in homes and factories .
When Tesla introduced a system for alternating current generators , transformers , motors , wires and lights in November and December 1887 , it became clear that AC was the future of electric power distribution , although DC distribution was used in downtown metropolitan areas for decades thereafter .
Low - frequency ( 50–60 Hz ) alternating currents can be more dangerous than similar levels of DC since the alternating fluctuations can cause the heart to lose coordination , inducing ventricular fibrillation , a deadly heart rhythm that must be corrected immediately .
However , any practical distribution system will use voltage levels quite sufficient for a dangerous amount of current to flow , whether it uses alternating or direct current .
As precautions against electrocution are similar for both AC and DC , the technical and economic advantages of AC power transmission outweighed this theoretical risk , and it was eventually adopted as the standard worldwide .
The advantage of AC for distributing power over a distance is due to the ease of changing voltages using a transformer .
Available power is the product of current × voltage at the load .
For a given amount of power , a low voltage requires a higher current and a higher voltage requires a lower current .
Since metal conducting wires have an almost fixed electrical resistance , some power will be wasted as heat in the wires .
This power loss is given by Joule 's laws and is proportional to the square of the current .
Thus , if the overall transmitted power is the same , and given the constraints of practical conductor sizes , high - current , low - voltage transmissions will suffer a much greater power loss than low - current , high - voltage ones .
This holds whether DC or AC is used .
Converting DC power from one voltage to another requires a large spinning rotary converter or motor - generator set , which was difficult , expensive , inefficient , and required maintenance , whereas with AC the voltage can be changed with simple and efficient transformers that have no moving parts and require very little maintenance .
This was the key to the success of the AC system .
Modern transmission grids regularly use AC voltages up to 765,000 volts .
Power electronic devices such as the mercury arc valve and thyristor made high - voltage direct current transmission practical by improving the reliability and efficiency of conversion between alternating and direct current .
Alternating - current transmission lines have losses that do not occur with direct current .
Due to the skin effect , a conductor will have a higher resistance to alternating current than to direct current ; the effect is measurable and of practical significance for large conductors carrying thousands of amperes .
The increased resistance due to the skin effect can be offset by changing the shape of conductors from a solid core to a braid of many small ( isolated ) wires .
However , total losses in systems using high - voltage transmission and transformers to reduce the voltage are very much lower than DC transmission at working voltage .
Edison carried out a campaign to discourage the use of alternating current , including spreading disinformation on fatal AC accidents , publicly killing animals , and lobbying against the use of AC in state legislatures .
Edison directed his technicians , primarily Arthur Kennelly and Harold P. Brown , to preside over several AC - driven killings of animals , primarily stray cats and dogs but also unwanted cattle and horses .
Acting on these directives , they were to demonstrate to the press that alternating current was more dangerous than Edison 's system of direct current .
He also tried to popularize the term for being electrocuted as being " Westinghoused " .
Years after DC had lost the " war of the currents , " in 1902 , his film crew made a movie of the electrocution with high voltage AC , supervised by Edison employees , of Topsy , a Coney Island circus elephant which had recently killed three men .
Edison opposed capital punishment , but his desire to disparage the system of alternating current led to the invention of the electric chair , who was being secretly paid by Edison , built the first electric chair for the state of New York to promote the idea that alternating current was deadlier than DC .
When the chair was first used , on August 6 , 1890 , the technicians on hand misjudged the voltage needed to kill the condemned prisoner , William Kemmler .
The first jolt of electricity was not enough to kill Kemmler , and only left him badly injured .
The procedure had to be repeated and a reporter on hand described it as " an awful spectacle , far worse than hanging . "
George Westinghouse commented : " They would have done better using an axe .
" In 1889 , the first AC hydroelectric plant , Williamette Falls Station , began operation in Oregon City , Oregon .
In 1890 , the Niagara Falls Power Company ( NFPC ) and its subsidiary Cataract Company formed the International Niagara Commission composed of experts , to analyze proposals to harness Niagara Falls to generate electricity .
The commission was led by Sir William Thomson ( later Lord Kelvin ) and included Eleuthère Mascart from France , William Unwin from England , Coleman Sellers from the US , and Théodore Turrettini from Switzerland .
It was backed by entrepreneur s such as J. P. Morgan , Lord Rothschild , and John Jacob Astor IV .
Among 19 proposals , they even briefly considered compressed air as a power transmission medium , but preferred electricity .
But they could not decide which method would be best overall .
In 1893 , NFPC was finally convinced by George Forbes to award the contract to Westinghouse , and to reject General Electric and Edison 's proposal .
Work began in 1893 on the Niagara Falls generation project : power was to be generated and transmitted as alternating current , at a frequency of 25 Hz to minimize impedance losses in transmission ( changed to 60 Hz in the 1950s ) .
Some doubted that the system would generate enough electricity to power industry in Buffalo .
Tesla was sure it would work , saying that Niagara Falls could power the entire eastern United States .
None of the previous polyphase alternating current transmission demonstration projects were on the scale of power available from Niagara :
On November 16 , 1896 , electrical power was transmitted to industries in Buffalo from the hydroelectric generators at the Edward Dean Adams Station at Niagara Falls .
The generators were built by Westinghouse Electric Corporation using Tesla 's AC system patent .
The nameplates on the generators bore Tesla 's name .
To appease the interests of General Electric , they were awarded the contract to construct the transmission lines to Buffalo using the Tesla patents .
The " end " of the " War of Currents " was marked in 1891 by the International Electro - Technical Exhibition – 1891 in Frankfurt Germany ( Die Elektrotechnische Ausstellung ) .
During this exposition a three phase AC power system developed by Mikhail Dolivo - Dobrovolsky and Oerlikon was able to send power over 109 miles from Lauffen to Frankfurt .
It successfully operated motors and lights at the fair .
Many corporate technical representatives ( including E.W. Rice of Thomson - Houston Electric Company ( what became General Electric ) ) attended .
The technical advisors and representatives were impressed .
The following year General Electric formed and immediately invested heavily in AC power ( at this time Thomas Edison 's opinions on company direction were muted by President Coffin and the GE board of directors ) .
Westinghouse was already ahead in AC , but it only took a few years for General Electric to catch up , mainly thanks to Charles Proteus Steinmetz , a Prussian mathematician who was the first person to fully understand AC power from a solid mathematical standpoint .
General Electric hired many talented new engineers to improve its design of transformers , generators , motors and other apparatus .
In Europe Siemens and Halske became the dominant force .
Three phase 60 Hz at 120 volts became the dominant system in North America while 220 - 240 volts at 50 Hz became the standard in Europe .
Alternating current power transmission networks today provide redundant path s and lines for power routing from any power plant to any load center , based on the economics of the transmission path , the cost of power , and the importance of keeping a particular load center powered at all times .
Generators ( such as hydroelectric sites ) can be located far from the loads .
Some cities continued to use DC well into the 20th century .
For example , central Helsinki had a DC network until the late 1940s , and Stockholm lost its dwindling DC network as late as the 1970s .
A mercury arc valve rectifier station could convert AC to DC where networks were still used .
Parts of Boston , Massachusetts along Beacon Street and Commonwealth Avenue still used 110 volts DC in the 1960s , causing many destroyed small appliances ( typically hair dryers and phonographs ) used by Boston University students who ignored warnings about the electricity supply .
New York City 's electric utility company , Consolidated Edison , continued to supply direct current to customers who had adopted it early in the twentieth century , mainly for elevators .
The New Yorker Hotel , constructed in 1929 , had a large direct - current power plant and did not convert fully to alternating - current service until well into the 1960s .
Ironically , this was the same building in which AC pioneer Nikola Tesla spent his last years , and where he died in 1943 .
In January 1998 , Consolidated Edison started to eliminate DC service .
At that time there were 4,600 DC customers .
By 2006 , there were only 60 customers using DC service , and on November 14 , 2007 , the last direct - current distribution by Con Edison was shut down .
Customers still using DC were provided with on - site AC to DC rectifier s.
Other isolated uses remained , Alcatraz Island , as long as it was a prison up through 1963 generated its own DC power .
The Central Electricity Generating Board in the UK continued to maintain a 200 volt DC generating station at Bankside Power Station on the River Thames in London as late as 1981 .
It exclusively powered DC printing machinery in Fleet Street , then the heart of the UK 's newspaper industry .
It was decommissioned later in 1981 when the newspaper industry moved into the developing docklands area further down the river ( using modern AC powered equipment ) .
The building was converted into an art gallery , the Tate Modern Electric railways that use a third - rail system generally employ DC power between 500 and 750 volts ; railways with overhead catenary lines use a number of power schemes including both high - voltage AC and high - current DC .
High voltage direct current ( HVDC ) systems are used for bulk transmission of energy from distant generating stations or for interconnection of separate alternating - current systems .
These HVDC systems use electronic devices like mercury arc valve s , thyristor s or IGBTs that were unavailable during the War of Currents era .
Power is still converted to and from alternating current at each side of the modern HVDC link .
The advantages of HVDC over AC systems for bulk transmission include higher power ratings for a given line ( important since installing new lines and even upgrading old ones is extremely expensive ) and better control of power flows , especially in transient and emergency conditions that can often lead to blackouts .
Many modern plants now use HVDC as an alternative to AC systems for long distance , high load transmission , especially in developing countries such as China , India and Brazil .
( See List of HVDC projects for more details . )
While DC distribution systems over significant distances are essentially extinct , DC power is still common when distances are small , and especially when energy storage or conversion uses batteries or fuel cells .
These applications include :
In these applications , direct current may be used directly or converted to alternating current using power electronic devices .
In the future , this may provide a way to supply energy to a grid from distributed sources .
For example , hybrid vehicle owners may rent the capacity of their vehicle 's batteries for load - levelling purposes by the local electrical utility company .
The International Electro - Technical Exhibition of 1891 featured the long distance transmission of high - power , three - phase electric current .
It was held between 16 May and 19 October on the disused site of the three former “ Westbahnhöfe ” ( Western Railway Stations ) in Frankfurt am Main .
The exhibition featured the first long distance transmission of high - power , three - phase electric current , which was generated 175 km away at Lauffen am Neckar .
As a result of this successful field trial , three - phase current became established for electrical transmission networks throughout the world .
As far as Germany was concerned , the International Electro - Technical Exhibition settled once and for all the question of the most economical means of transmitting electrical energy .
When the exhibition closed , the power station at Lauffen continued in operation , providing electricity for the administrative capital , Heilbronn , making it the first place to be equipped with three - phase AC power .
Idaho man sues to stop state from enforcing anti-gay " crimes against nature " law
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc was charged with fraud by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission over its marketing of a subprime mortgage product , igniting a battle between Wall Street ’s most powerful bank and the nation ’s top securities regulator .
The civil lawsuit is the biggest crisis in years for a company that faced criticism over its pay and business practices after emerging from the global financial meltdown as Wall Street ’s most influential bank .
It may also make it more difficult for the industry to beat back calls for reform as lawmakers in Washington debate an overhaul of financial regulations .
Goldman called the lawsuit “ completely unfounded , ” adding , “ We did not structure a portfolio that was designed to lose money . ”
The lawsuit puts Goldman Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein further on the defensive after he told the federal Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission in January that the bank packaged complex debt , while also betting against the debt , because clients had the appetite .
“ We are not a fiduciary , ” he said .
The case also involves John Paulson , a hedge fund investor whose firm Paulson &
Co made billions of dollars by betting the nation ’s housing market would crash .
This included an estimated $ 1 billion from the transaction detailed in the lawsuit , which the SEC said cost other investors more than $ 1 billion .
Paulson was not charged .
Fabrice Tourre , a Goldman vice president whom the SEC said was mainly responsible for creating the questionable mortgage product , known as ABACUS , was charged with fraud .
Goldman shares slid 12.8 percent on Friday , closing down $ 23.57 at $ 160.70 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The decline wiped out more than $ 12 billion of market value , and trading volume topped 100 million shares , Reuters data show .
The news dragged down broad U.S. equity indexes , which fell more than 1 percent .
The perceived risk of owning Goldman debt , as measured by credit default swaps , increased .
Treasury prices rose as investors sought safe - haven government debt .
MORE SEVERE THAN EXPECTED
“ These charges are far more severe than anyone had imagined , ” and suggest Goldman teamed with “ the leading short - seller in the industry to design a portfolio of securities that would crash , ” said John Coffee , a securities law professor at Columbia Law School in New York .
“ The greatest penalty for Goldman is not the financial damages -- Goldman is enormously wealthy -- but the reputational damage , ” he said , adding that “ it ’s not impossible ” to contemplate that the case could lead to criminal charges .
Coffee spoke on Reuters Insider .
Goldman vowed to defend itself .
“ The SEC ’s charges are completely unfounded in law and fact , ” it said .
“ We will vigorously contest them and defend the firm and its reputation . ”
E-mails from former Washington Mutual Inc CEO Kerry Killinger read aloud during a congressional hearing this week illustrated clients ’ concerns about working with Goldman .
In 2007 , Killinger discussed hiring Goldman or another investment bank to help Washington Mutual find ways to reduce its credit risk or raise new capital , according to one of the e-mails , which Michigan Democratic Sen Carl Levin read during the hearing .
“ I do n’t trust Goldie on this , ” Levin quoted one of Killinger ’s e-mails as saying .
“ They are smart , but this is swimming with the sharks .
They were shorting mortgages big - time while they were giving ( Countrywide Financial Corp ) advice . ”
The SEC lawsuit announced on Friday concerns ABACUS , a synthetic collateralized debt obligation that hinged on the performance of subprime residential mortgage - backed securities , and which the regulator said Goldman structured and marketed .
According to the SEC , Goldman did not tell investors “ vital information ” about ABACUS , including that Paulson & Co was involved in choosing which securities would be part of the portfolio .
The SEC also alleged that Paulson took a short position against the CDO in a bet that its value would fall .
In a statement , Paulson & Co said it did buy credit protection from Goldman on securities issued in the ABACUS program , but did not market the product .
Tourre was not immediately available for comment .
Goldman had not disclosed that the SEC was considering a lawsuit but had known charges were possible and had urged the SEC not to file them , people familiar with the situation said on Friday .
The sources requested anonymity because the probe was not public .
To better understand CDOs , the SEC in 2008 approached some hedge funds , including Paulson & Co , whose investment Paulo Pellegrini was among those to talk with the regulator .
By betting against subprime mortgage - related debt , Pellegrini helped Paulson ’s firm earn an estimated $ 15 billion in 2007 .
Pellegrini last year left to start his own firm .
COMING OUT SWINGING
The lawsuit is a regulatory and public relations nightmare for Blankfein , who has spent 18 months fending off complaints that Goldman has been an unfair beneficiary of taxpayer bailouts of Wall Street .
Blankfein became chief executive less than a year before the product challenged by the SEC was created .
“ This could be the beginning of a period where you have a regulatory cloud over Goldman Sachs , and perhaps even the entire investment banking industry , ” said Hank Smith , chief investment officer at Haverford Trust Co in Philadelphia .
John Paulson is not related to Henry “ Hank ” Paulson , who was Blankfein ’s predecessor as Goldman chief executive and later become U.S. Treasury secretary .
The SEC lawsuit represents an aggressive expansion of regulatory efforts to hold people and companies responsible for the nation ’s financial crises .
It could help the regulator rehabilitate its reputation after missing other high - profile cases , including Bernard Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
“ The SEC has come out swinging , ” said Cary Leahey , senior managing director of Decision Economics in New York .
Robert Khuzami , head of the SEC ’s enforcement division , said John Paulson was not charged because it was Goldman that made misrepresentations to investors , not Paulson .
Still , Khuzami called Paulson ’s firm “ a hedge fund that had a particular interest in the securities performing poorly . ”
MORE LAWSUITS TO COME ?
It is unlikely that criminal charges will be brought , a person close to the matter said .
Representatives for the Justice Department declined to comment .
Yet the lawsuit is widely expected to spur other lawsuits , and is “ probably the first of several , ” according to Doug Kass , president of hedge fund Seabreeze Partners Management .
“ Regulators and plaintiffs ’ lawyers are going to be looking at other deals , to what kind of conflicts Goldman has , ” said Jacob Zamansky , a lawyer who represents investors in securities fraud lawsuits .
“ I ’ve been contacted by Goldman customers to bring lawsuits to recover their losses , ” he added .
“ With the SEC bringing fraud charges it ’s going to expose what ’s behind the curtain . ”
Slideshow ( 3 images )
E-MAIL TRAIL
According to the SEC , Goldman marketing materials showed that a third party , ACA Management LLC , chose the securities underlying ABACUS , without revealing Paulson ’s involvement .
The SEC complaint quotes extensively from internal e-mails and memos , noting that in early 2007 it had become difficult to market CDOs tied to mortgage - backed securities .
It quoted a January 23 , 2007 , e-mail from Tourre to a friend as saying : “ The whole building is about to collapse anytime now ...
Only potential survivor , the fabulous Fab ... standing in the middle of all these complex , highly leveraged , exotic trades he created without necessarily understanding all of the implications of those monstrosities !!! ”
Another e-mail , to Tourre from the head of Goldman ’s structured product correlation trading desk , complained : “ The CDO biz is dead we do n’t have a lot of time left . ”
INDEPENDENCE MATTERS TO CLIENTS
Other communications detail the importance of hiring ACA .
The SEC said Goldman reached out to German bank IKB to buy securities that Paulson was selling , knowing it would buy only securities selected by an independent asset manager .
“ We expect the strong brand - name of ACA as well as our market - leading position in synthetic CDOs of structured products to result in a successful offering , ” a March 12 , 2007 , Goldman e-mail said .
IKB ultimately took on exposure to ABACUS , as did the Dutch bank ABN Amro Holding NV .
The German government ultimately bailed out IKB in the summer of 2007 , in part because of the bank ’s investments , while lenders that eventually bought much of ABN Amro were also subjected to their own government bailouts .
In a statement after U.S. markets closed , Goldman said it lost more than $ 90 million on the transaction , six times the $ 15 million fee it received , and provided “ extensive disclosure ” on the securities involved .
It also said it never represented to ACA Capital Management , which invested $ 951 million in the transaction , that Paulson was going to be a “ long ” investor , meaning that Paulson was betting the securities would gain in value .
Paulson & Co paid Goldman $ 15 million to structure and market the ABACUS CDO , which closed on April 26 , 2007 , the SEC said .
Little more than nine months later , 99 percent of the portfolio had been downgraded , the SEC said .
Janet Tavakoli , president of Tavakoli Structured Finance Inc in Chicago and author of a book on synthetic CDOs , said it may have been common on Wall Street for hedge funds to play big roles in picking mortgage - backed securities for use in CDOs .
“ Many investors were not aware of how disadvantaged they were by these CDO structures , ” she said .
WASHINGTON IMPACT
The charges are expected to fuel anti-Wall Street sentiment on Capitol Hill where sweeping financial industry reforms are expected to soon arrive on the Senate floor for a vote .
A Democratic bill , strongly supported by President Barack Obama , would slap new restraints on major banks , likely curtailing their opportunities for profit and revenue growth .
Similar legislation was approved in the House of Representatives in December .
Analysts believe a bill could be signed into law by Obama by mid-year .
“ Banks were getting their mojo back , successfully fighting the regulatory reform bill , ” said James Ellman , president of Seacliff Capital in San Francisco .
“ Clearly , such malfeasance could help get the bill to go through . ”
Goldman in 2008 won a $ 5 billion investment from Warren Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc .
Last month , Buffett praised Goldman as a “ very , very strong , well - run business , ” and said of Blankfein , “ You can not find a better manager . ”
Buffett had no immediate comment , his assistant Carrie Kizer said .
The SEC lawsuit was assigned to U.S. District Judge Barbara Jones , who was appointed to the bench in 1995 by President Bill Clinton .
She presided over the 2005 criminal trial of former WorldCom Inc Chief Executive Bernard Ebbers over an $ 11 billion accounting fraud at the phone company .
The case is SEC v. Goldman Sachs & Co et al , U.S. District Court , Southern District of New York , No. 10-03229 .
( Reporting by Jennifer Ablan , Maria Aspan , Clare Baldwin , Karen Brettell , Jeffrey Cane , Elinor Comlay , Kevin Drawbaugh , Steve Eder , Ellen Freilich , Burton Frierson , David Gaffen , Joseph A. Giannone , Matthew Goldstein , Svea Herbst - Bayliss , Ed Krudy , Herb Lash , Grant McCool , Jeremy Pelofsky , Christian Plumb , Aaron Pressman , Leah Schnurr , Jonathan Spicer , Jonathan Stempel , Caroline Valetkevitch , Phil Wahba , Dan Wilchins , Rolfe Winkler , Karey Wutkowski and Rachelle Younglai ; Editing by Robert MacMillan and John Wallace )
About The Author Janko Jovanovic is user interface designer , software engineer , blogger , speaker and artist .
In his free time , he writes about user interfaces on his blog … More about Janko Jovanovic …
User Interfaces In Business Web Application Design
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Despite the difficulties when designing business web applications , the job is interesting , and you learn many new things on each project that influence the way you design websites .
It is based on compromises between client and user needs , business requirements and users , novice and expert users , functionality and simplicity , and so much more .
In this article , Janko Jovanovic explains the different approaches , techniques and principles you can use when working on any business web application .
Business web application design is too often neglected .
I see a lot of applications that do n’t meet the needs of either businesses or users and thus contribute to a loss of profit and poor user experience .
It even happens that designers are not involved in the process of creating applications at all , putting all of the responsibility on the shoulders of developers .
This is a tough task for developers , who may have plenty of back - end and front - end development experience but limited knowledge of design .
This results in unsatisfied customers , frustrated users and failed projects .
So , we will cover the basics of user interface design for business Web applications .
While one could apply many approaches , techniques and principles to UI design in general , our focus here will be on business Web applications .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Webdesign vs. Web Application Design
Confusing Web applications and websites is easy , as is confusing user interface design and website design .
But they are different both in essence and in so many other ways , which we ’ll explore in this article .
A website is a collection of pages consisting mostly of static content , images and video , with limited interactive functionality ( i.e. except for the contact form and search functionality ) .
The primary role of a website is to inform .
Some websites use content management systems to render dynamic content , but their nature is still informational .
CampaignMonitor is powerful email marketing software , while Jeff Sarimento's website is intended to inform readers about his life and work .
Web applications , on the other hand , are dynamic , interactive systems that help businesses perform business critical tasks and that increase and measure their productivity .
Thus , the primary role of a Web application is to perform a function that serves the user ’s tasks and according to defined business rules .
Web applications require a higher level of involvement and knowledge of the system on the part of the user .
They do n’t just stumble upon the application , do their work and bounce off .
They use it as a tool to perform critical business tasks in their daily work .
In the end , they cannot easily discontinue using the application and switch to another if they do n’t like how it ’s working , as is the case with websites .
Different Types of Web Applications
Business applications range in type from invoicing for freelancers to content management systems to document management systems to banking and financial systems .
We can distinguish between open and closed applications .
Open systems are online applications that are easily accessible to anyone who opens an account .
Users can access such applications via the Web and can open an account for free or by paying a fee .
Closed systems ( or line - of - business applications ) are usually not accessible outside the company that uses it , and they can be considered “ offline ” applications ( though many systems expose their functionality to business partners via either services or specialized interfaces ) .
Such systems usually run on the company ’s local network and are available only to employees .
I do n’t know who coined it , but one term I like especially is weblication , which describes what a Web application is in general .
This does n’t mean , though that a Web application is a half - website half - application hybrid .
It is far more complex that that .
First , Know Your Users
You ’ve probably heard this a thousand times , and for good reason .
A successful user interface focuses on users and their tasks .
This is key , and too many developers have failed to create a good user experience .
As Steve Krug said , “ Developers like complexity ; they enjoy discovering how something works . ”
When identifying your users , keep in mind that clients are not users , and you are not a user .
Although a client ’s management team will usually be interested in the project and try to influence decisions , remember that they wo n’t be sitting in front of the computer several hours a day ( unless the application is specifically for them ) .
How to Identify Users ?
Identifying users can be done using several techniques , such as user interviews , business stakeholder interviews and the “ shadowing ” method of observation .
Interviews can give you answers to questions about the users ’ knowledge of the system and computers in general , while shadowing can yield more detailed information about how users perform tasks and what errors they make .
The method is called shadowing because the observer is like a shadow , watching and noting the steps a user takes .
If you do n’t have access to real users — either because you do n’t have permission or are designing for open application — you can use personas , a tool to help identify users .
Personas are a representation of real users , including their habits , goals and motivation .
Because certain information about users is often identified through business analysis , you can make use of it to create personas .
If you are not familiar with the tool , a comic by Brad Colbow will help .
Task analysis helps identify what tasks users perform in their jobs , how they do them , how long they take and what errors they make .
Sometimes clients will be using an old version of the application that you are designing to replace .
Make use of that old system and watch how users use it .
Understanding their tasks and challenges will be easier that way .
Regardless of who your users are , one thing is certain : in most cases , you will have to consider both novices and experts .
Novice users should be enabled to learn as fast as possible , while expert users should be enabled to perform their tasks extremely efficiently .
This may mean creating separate interfaces .
But in many cases you will be able to accommodate both types of users in the same interface through various techniques , such as progressive disclosure .
Such research is usually done by business analysts .
But if no one else is responsible for it , you should do it .
Once you have the necessary information , you can begin with design .
Design Process
You can follow one of any number of processes in designing the user interface .
You might already have one .
However , I would suggest that you consider the Agile approach .
Why , you ask ?
Well , because for users ( and clients ) , the user interface is the product .
The bottom line is that they do n’t care about your sketches or about fantastic back ends or powerful servers .
All they want to see is the user interface .
So , how does Agile help ?
It helps through its key principle : the iterative approach .
Each iteration consists of all of the phases defined by your process .
This means that at the end of the first iteration , you will have a product that can be tested , a prototype .
Sketching
Sketching is a powerful way to explore ideas .
The goal is to arrive at the solution by sketching out different concepts .
Most sketches will be thrown out , but that is okay .
As Bill Buxton says in his “ Sketching User Experience ” book , sketches are fast to create and easy to dispose of , which is why they are so powerful .
Are sketches the same as wireframes ?
Well , the differences can be blurry , but I would say no .
Wireframes do n’t capture rough ideas but rather develop them .
Read a fantastic discussion on IxDA : Sketching Before the Wireframes .
Once you get the “ right ” sketches , or at least the ones that you think are right , you can create more detailed wireframes or go straight to creating interactive prototypes .
Sketch by Jason Robb .
Interesting reading on sketching and wireframing :
Prototyping
The next step in the process is to create prototypes that will simulate the real application .
A prototype can contain one or more features ( or all of them ) , but it actually does nothing .
It merely simulates the behavior of a real application , and users will feel that they are actually doing something .
Prototypes may contain some functionality if needed ( such as complex calculations ) .
Because the nature of a prototype done in HTML is temporary — its purpose , after all , is to test ideas — do n’t bother with the code ; just make it work with minimal bugs .
You will throw it away anyway .
You can also use specialized prototyping software such as Axure .
Some people even prototype in PowerPoint .
An Axure interactive prototype for an e-commerce website , by e-maujean .
Further reading and tools for prototyping :
Testing
Prototypes are useless unless you test them .
This is not rocket science .
People like Jakob Nielsen and Steve Krug support so - called “ discount usability testing , ” which is cheap and fast and yields valuable insight into your design decisions .
You will use this information as the basis of another iteration of sketching , prototyping and testing .
Do this at least until major issues have been fixed .
We all know that software projects are tight on time and budget , so to be more efficient , test early and test often .
One of the best resources for discount usability testing is a new book by Steve Krug , “ Rocket Surgery Made Easy . ”
Pick up a copy and read it .
Snapshot of usability testing for Delicious , by ( nz ) dave .
Further reading :
Design Principles
There are many design principles , but there does n’t seem to be a general consensus on definitive ones .
So , we ’ll go through design principles more informally , leaving out strict definitions .
No One Likes Surprises
Probably the key factors in a good UI are consistency and familiarity .
A user interface should be consistent across all parts of the application , from navigation to color to terminology .
This is known as internal consistency .
But a user interface should also be consistent within its context , such as the operating system or other applications in its group or family .
A typical example is the applications in the Microsoft Office family .
This is called external consistency .
A good approach to consistency is to define user interface guidelines for each project or for a group of projects .
These should guide the decisions you make for all of the details .
This will not only maintain consistency but also serve as documentation to help team members better understand your decisions .
Although a simple example , SprinklePenny achieves consistency and familiarity across the application .
Consistent user interfaces have a shorter learning curve , because users will recognize parts of the system and be able to fall back on prior experience .
But familiarity is sometimes confused with consistency .
Familiar user interfaces draw on concepts from the users ’ previous experiences and use appropriate metaphors .
Folders , for example , are a well - known metaphor for file organization , and they have replaced “ directories , ” which were used previously in command - line operating systems .
In short , speak the language of your users .
A common belief among business owners is that a great user interface should look like a Microsoft Office product , especially Outlook .
I wo n’t go into explaining how pointless this is .
Rather , I will offer alternative advice : defend the user - centric approach , and explain why creating an application for employees , clients and partners ( i.e. their users ) is so important .
All the same , most businesses are unique , as are their work processes .
For example , two businesses from the same branch could have significantly different processes , forcing you to go beyond what is familiar and start to innovate .
This part of the design process can be very interesting , although you have to be careful in how far you go with innovation .
Further reading :
Users Should Be Able to Be Efficient
Without a doubt , users should be able to be efficient when using business applications .
This is what they are paid for , and this is what managers expects from the application .
User interfaces should allow users to be efficient and should focus them on completing tasks in the easiest and fastest way .
But this is not always the case .
There is an opinion , or at least practice , among developers that says the user interface should be as complex as the back end system .
No matter how ridiculous this sounds , the problem is real and might give you a headache .
This is one reason why good communication and collaboration between developers is a must .
Users are efficient when they focus on a particular task .
As mentioned , task analysis can help you identify tasks and determine how users perform them .
If tasks are long , accelerate them by breaking them up into smaller units .
You can also increase efficiency by providing keyboard support and shortcuts .
Think how inefficient it is for a user to have to switch back and forth between mouse and keyboard .
In some cases , you will be designing for users who are accustomed to working on command - line operating systems and the applications made for them .
They will be keen to have keyboard support .
One suggestion : when defining keyboard shortcuts , keep them consistent with those of common applications .
For example , Ctrl +
S should always be save , and so on .
Google Docs Spreadsheet enables users to be efficient by providing keyboard shortcuts and context menus , as well as by taking advantage of users ' familiarity with common desktop applications .
Efficiency can also be enhanced through personalization .
Users who can personalize an environment will learn it faster and , more importantly , will be more confident using it .
Personalization can be done in many ways : choosing widgets for the dashboard ; defining shortcut options and favorites ; changing the order of elements ; etc .
Pay attention to accessibility .
Although many assume that accessibility does n’t matter in Web applications , it certainly does .
Treat the application as if it were a public website .
A Web application also has to be efficient in the speed with which it processes information .
So , consider heavy interactions that result from partial renderings and AJAX requests .
Help !
An interface should provide meaningful feedback that describes the state of the system to users .
If an error occurs , users should be notified and informed of ways to recover .
If an operation is in progress , users should be notified about the progress .
We can go even further and declare that user interfaces should prevent users from making errors .
This principle , called forgiveness , can be followed with confirmation dialogs , undo options , forgiving formats and more .
Forgiveness makes it safe to explore the interface , decreases the learning curve and increases overall satisfaction .
Because of the complexity of business Web applications , you would also need to provide a comprehensive help system .
This can be done with inline help , a support database , a knowledge base and guided tours ( which mix video , images and text ) .
Further reading :
Ca n’t Get No Satisfaction
Satisfaction is a subjective term that refers to how pleasant an interface is to use .
Every design principle we have described here affects satisfaction .
And a few more principles are worth mentioning here .
Simplicity is a basic principle of UI design .
The simpler a user interface , the easier it is to use .
But keeping user interfaces for business applications simple is a challenge because the apps often have a lot of functionality .
The key is to balance functionality and simplicity .
Restraint is one of the most efficient ways to achieve this balance : i.e. finding the simplest way to solve a problem .
BuildWith.me has a simple and effective user interface , without sacrificing aesthetics .
Aesthetics , though subjective and somewhat arbitrary , play an important role in overall satisfaction .
Users respond positively to pleasing user interfaces , sometimes even overlooking missing functionality .
But you ’re not creating a work of art .
One of the best articles that explains aesthetics is In Defense of Eye Candy .
In the end , users will be spending a lot of time in front of a business application , and no matter how usable , consistent or forgiving the interface is , satisfaction will be critical in determining how good the user interface is .
Further reading :
Other resources related to UI design :
Essential Components Of Web Applications
Every Web application is unique , but many of them contain common features .
Although the implementation of any one of these features will vary , let ’s look at the basic concept of the three most common ones .
Web Forms
Forms in general are important to Web applications .
But as Luke Wroblewski says in his Web Form Design book , “ No one likes filing in forms . ”
That includes sign - up forms , including business applications with dozens of fields .
Minimize the frustration of filling in forms .
Provide inline validation and good feedback .
Use defaults when possible .
Do n’t forget about novice users .
Use wizards to help them complete tasks faster , or use progressive disclosure to hide advanced ( or infrequently used ) features .
Master - Detail Views
This is the technique of showing data in two separate but related views .
One view shows a list of items , while the other shows details of the selected item .
Master - detail views can be implemented across multiple pages or on individual ones .
Dashboards
Many Web applications have dashboards .
A dashboard is a view of the most important information needed to take action and make decisions .
It is confined to a single page and is usually the starting point of an application .
Dashboards are important because they enable users to access information and take action without having to dig through the application .
Xero shows a user 's most important financial information ( e.g. bank accounts and credit cards ) in its dashboard , making it easy for users to quickly see the status of their financial data .
Heavy Use of Tables
Because Web applications typically deal with large quantities of data that are easily accessible and sortable , tables are unavoidable .
But this is not a bad thing .
In fact , tables were made for this purpose .
Do n’t confuse this with table - less layouts .
Effective tables are easily readable .
So , in most cases you will need a meaningful header , an optimal number of columns , pagination , alternating row colors , proper column alignment , sorting and filtering capabilities and much more .
Tables can also be interactive , meaning they can generate additional info and even modify the data they contain .
PulseApp is a good example of how tables can be used to efficiently present and manipulate complex data .
Reports
Most businesses work with some kind of reports .
Printed reports are usually required , so pay attention to the design of reports .
Printed ( or exported ) reports are usually simplified versions of online reports , optimized for monochrome printers .
FreshBooks has printing , PDF exporting and " Send to email " features .
It also shows a print preview .
Do n’t Forget UI Design Patterns
We ’re so used to hearing and talking about UI design patterns that we sometimes forget about them !
UI design patterns are helpful for designing user interfaces .
The important thing is to consider them early on in the design process , ideally at the sketching stage .
Because patterns often solve common problems , the right pattern can facilitate the user ’s familiarity with an interface and increase the speed at which they learn it .
This screenshot is from the article 12 Standard Screen Patterns , which goes over the most common screen patterns .
Further Reading
Case Study : Online Banking Application
To take an example from the real world , I will briefly explain the process of designing the user interface for one small bank ’s online banking system .
The team I worked with was hired to improve the system .
The main reason for the redesign was that , according to management , “ users complained and many stopped using it . ”
After only a couple of hours spent with actual users , the main problems were uncovered .
Information about accounts and credit cards was buried in poor navigation .
Understanding how much money users were spending and the state of their accounts and credit cards was also hard .
The application , however , was obvious to bank employees ; they were familiar with the terminology and could interpreted the numbers in the application perfectly well .
Give the tight deadlines , we followed the process I have described , and we partially succeeded .
Despite the short time , the major problems were so obvious that we clearly understood our main task and how to go about it .
We created a dashboard that provided clear information on the state of all accounts and credit cards .
With this new navigation , finding information became easier .
Reports were easier to understand , and several new features were implemented .
Although we made only a few changes , the changes affected critical user tasks and resulted in significant improvements to the overall experience .
Final Thoughts
Designing user interfaces for business
Web applications is a challenging job that is full of compromises .
You have to make compromises between client and user needs ; business requirements and users ; novice and expert users ; functionality and simplicity .
It requires a solid understanding of users and their tasks , as well as of UI design principles and patterns .
Despite the difficulties , the job is interesting , and you learn many new things on each project that influence the way you design websites .
While this article reflects some well - known concepts and things I have learned from designing business applications over the years , I look forward to hearing your experiences and stories .
Processed foods may sometimes seem less expensive , but they are harder to stretch and generally not as healthy .
Telepan also looked for more seasonal foods , which generally are cheaper .
" The problem with the way some people spend food stamps is by buying processed foods , " he says .
" I wanted to buy everything fresh and cook from scratch .
You are not going to do it every day .
But do it two or three times a week and then make enough so you heat it up . "
Telepan approached the food stamp challenge with the same sustainable eating philosophy he uses at his restaurant .
He favors high - quality , unprocessed ingredients ( organic when possible ) and plenty of from - scratch cooking .
Though not everyone succeeded in staying within budget , the lessons learned were universal .
All three said planning and careful shopping were key , as was a willingness to recast leftovers .
They also championed chicken as an inexpensive and versatile protein .
" It was tough .
You really have to think outside the box , " says Jose Garces , a Food Network Iron Chef and James Beard award - winning chef from Philadelphia .
" When you are used to creating food the way we do , it takes you back . "
Food stamp officials note that the program is meant to supplement a household 's food budget , not be its only spending .
But to best illustrate what 's possible -- or not -- on a very tight budget , we asked the participants to work with the food stamp budget only .
To find out how well you can eat on food stamps , the AP asked two chefs and a magazine food editor to plan out seven days of meals for a family of four using that budget : $ 68.88 .
Despite growing dependence on food stamps , the popular impression is that the meals you can make with them are bleak .
How much a family gets per month is determined by a number of factors , but typically ranges from less than $ 100 to more than $ 500 .
The national average for a family of four at the end of 2009 was $ 275.53 a month , or about $ 68.88 a week .
At the end of last year , roughly 1 in 8 Americans received food stamps , the highest rate ever , according to Lisa Pino , the program 's deputy administrator .
During the past two years alone , another nearly 12 million people enrolled in the program .
With job growth and the economy still only sputtering along , a record number of Americans have turned to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program , the formal name for federal food stamp program .
How well can a family of four eat on just $ 68.88 a week ?
For more than 38 million Americans , it 's more than a matter of conjecture .
But even without buying the organic , grass - fed meats he favors , Telepan still came in nearly $ 20 over budget .
Some aggressive use of coupons , sales and bulk shopping probably could bring his total closer to the goal .
When constructing his menu , Telepan began by selecting the protein and building out from there .
This ensured the meals were satisfying .
He also assembled his meal plan backward , starting with each day 's dinner , then sorting out how to use the leftovers in other meals .
For example , the leftovers from Monday 's roasted chicken dinner became a salad for lunch on Tuesday .
And ziti that was served with broccoli , toasted garlic and shell beans on Wednesday got a makeover with meatballs two nights later .
Of course , cooking from scratch is more work , which many busy families will find daunting .
Telepan advocates involving the whole family in the cooking .
" People look at cooking as a chore , " he says .
" In the end , if people all help out it makes it fun . "
Where the money went :
Telepan 's menu came to $ 87.76 , nearly $ 20 over budget .
The biggest chunk of that -- $ 31.01 -- was spent on produce , with another $ 22.48 on dry goods such as bread , pasta , rice , beans and oatmeal .
Meat -- two whole chickens and 2 pounds of ground beef -- accounted for another $ 18.62 .
A savvy shopper could use coupons , sales and bulk purchases to get his menu closer to budget .
------
Anna Last , editor of Everyday Food magazine
Last focused on stretching her ingredients as far as possible and budgeting her time as much as her cash .
When planning out the week , she was careful not to schedule too many time - consuming recipes in a row .
When she planned chili garlic chicken legs one night , she followed it with an easier rice and beans the next .
Like Telepan , she avoided processed foods .
Not only are whole foods often more nutritious , they usually are easier to stretch .
" Cooking on a budget and actually cooking means cooking without using packaged foods , " she says .
" Packaged food can often be not as nutritious for you .
You are also paying for the convenience sometimes .
Pasta sauce is a convenience .
Cooking it yourself , you know what 's in it .
There is less sodium .
There is less fat .
It 's those sorts of things that you have to think of as well . "
How she shopped also was part of her plan for staying on budget .
If possible , she says do n't shop when hungry or with your children , both of which can prompt unplanned purchases .
And always use a list ; it makes shopping faster because you only look for what you need .
The VP of everything PlayStation , Kevin Butler is back at it with this latest commercial for ModNation Racers .
He already has a couple of classic commercials under his belt , but where will this one rank in your book ?
Is it better than the God of War III commercial ?
Watch it and leave your comments below .
Kevin Butler ’s Twitter
Share this :
Tweet
Ever get a sour stomach after your morning coffee ?
Well , you might end up switching to a dark roast — because that coffee concoction may leave you with a happier tummy .
That 's according to research presented at the American Chemical Society meeting in San Francisco .
[ And to be published in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry , http://bit.ly/cberXM]
Some coffees are labeled " stomach friendly , " because they 're steam treated to drive out caffeine and other chemicals thought to cause gastrointestinal distress .
But food chemists [ Veronika Somoza et al. ] wanted to know exactly which chemicals were behind the heartburn .
So they took extracts of two coffee blends — one light , one dark — and their steam - treated counterparts .
Each extract proved to be a unique chemical mix , with different amounts of caffeine and other compounds .
When the researchers served these coffee extracts to cultured human stomach cells , the cells jacked up acid production .
Except in the case of one extract , high in a compound called N - methylpyridinium — a chemical produced in the roasting process that 's not found in raw green coffee beans .
And the darker the roast , the more there is .
Now the researchers are test roasting a stomach - soothing N - methylpyridinium blend .
Human trials will determine if it has all the boldness with none of the reflux .
— Christopher Intagliata
[ The above text is an exact transcript of this podcast . ]
Image caption Carol Bartz took over the company from its founder Jerry Yang in 2009
Google will have " a problem " if it does not diversify its business , the head of Yahoo has told BBC News .
Carol Bartz said that Google would have to " do a lot more than search " and suggested that it would have to " grow a company the size of Yahoo every year " .
Ms Bartz made the comments when asked if Yahoo's sprawling network of sites and services had a defined brand image .
Yahoo is one of the largest sites in the world with an audience of more than 200 m , according to analysts Nielsen .
It competes with Google in the search market , but has only 17 % of the US market , compared to Google 's 65 % , according to Comscore .
Yahoo recently did a deal to use Microsoft 's Bing to power searches on its sites .
" Google is going to have a problem because Google is only known for search , " said Ms Bartz .
" It is only half our business ; it 's 99.9 % of their business .
They 've got to find other things to do .
" Google has to grow a company the size of Yahoo every year to be interesting . "
Social side
Yahoo has more than 70 websites and services , many of which are available in 20 languages around the world .
Some have criticised the firm for growing too large , not making use of acquisitions and having too many sites .
Technology blog Techcrunch has said that Yahoo is the place where " startups go to die " .
But Ms Bartz said that its broad portfolio would be its advantage in the long run .
Ms Bartz also said that the firm could also hold its own against Facebook , the current poster child of the web .
She described the site , which has more than 400 million users and has stated that its ambition is to be at the heart of the " social web " , as a " frenemy " .
" They certainly are taking people 's attention and time , " she said .
" But what is kind of wrong about the conversation is that social just means Facebook .
" Social is interaction .
Social is commenting on news stories .
It 's blogging .
It 's sharing photos .
" So there are social capabilities running throughout all of our sites , including Twitter feeds and Facebook feeds . "
However , earlier , she had told a press conference that she expected that Facebook and Google would overtake Yahoo in terms of the amount of time visitors spent on the site .
Local site
Ms Bartz took over the company from founder Jerry Yang in January 2009 .
Since then , she has been trying to reverse the fortunes of the firm by cutting costs and jobs , as well as changing the organisational structure of the company .
The firm recently posted quarterly profits which were almost treble what they were a year ago .
During the interview , Ms Bartz stated an ambition to bolster the firm 's mobile offerings , but said it would not follow Google by offering a mobile operating system .
The firm currently has its mobile application on around 2,000 different handsets from various manufacturers .
It recently signed a deal with Samsung to extend its reach .
She also said that she wanted the firm to focus on personalised and " hyperlocal information " for users .
" It 's about what is going on in your local area , " she said .
There has been a lot of speculation in the technology press that Yahoo is about to buy Foursquare , a location - based game that allows people to earn points for visiting locations in the real world .
However , Ms Bartz would not confirm if a deal was imminent .
These days many people have some wordpress blog .
Every of them have different design , but most of them have something common .
It 's wordpress slide show plugins for featured articles on homepage .
With slide show you can easily show to the world what you are really trying to portray .
Slide show has ...
These days many people have some wordpress blog .
Every of them have different design , but most of them have something common .
It ’s wordpress slide show plugins for featured articles on homepage .
With slide show you can easily show to the world what you are really trying to portray .
Slide show has great effect towards the visitor .
Here i am going to share some of my favorite wordpress slide show plugins .
So let ’s start …
1. Featured Content Gallery Plugin v2.0 ( FCS )
Featured Content Gallery creates an automated , fully customizable rotating image gallery anywhere within your WordPress site .
Choose your images and display categories , pages or posts with custom overlay text and a thumbnail carousel .
Custom options include gallery size , color , style and more .
Download : Featured Content Gallery V 2.0
Plugin Homepage : Featured Content Gallery V 2.0
2. Featured Category Slideshow / FCS
This plugin is also based on Smooth Gallery similar to Featured Content Gallery by WPElements .
The only difference it that this pulgin always shows the 4 newest posts in the slideshow .
Older posts will just be automatically be removed out of the slideshow without being deleted from the blog .
Download : Featured Category Slideshow / FCS
Plugin Homepage : Featured Category Slideshow / FCS
3. Featured Posts Slideshow
Featured Posts Slideshow shows as many post ’s images as you want .
It ’s a very nice and powerfull Javascript Slideshow .
It displays a certain image for every Post of a category that you have defined .
You can slide through your Slideshow with the help of nice navigation buttons .
The images are directly linked to the specific WordPress post .
You have a powerfull Administration Area to adjust the Category , the number of Posts , the width and height , and many colours for the Slideshow !
Download : Featured Posts Slideshow
Plugin Homepage : Featured Posts Slideshow
4. FeatPlug
Featplug is a standalone script / wordpress plugin that can mine your WordPress posts or any other data and look for images suiting a given dimension and generates ‘ featured ’ section for your site using the found items .
The featured section , includes a resized image ( banner ) with the label , description and link of the related post or data .
Featplug is a architectural plugin with input layers and output templates .
Input Layer -> Featplug -> Output Template
Currently it supports WordPress and standalone as input layers .
But it ’s very easy to integrate it to any other blog / cms / forum software or even in your static site .
Download : FeatPlug
Plugin Homepage : FeatPlug
5. WP Featured Content Slider
Featured Content Slider provides a powerfull and nice javascript Slideshow / Slider for WordPress .
It can be integrated anywhere on your Blog / Website .
This Featured Content Slider shows your chosen Blog Posts from a specific Category .
It also Display your images next to the excerpt of your Blog Post .
This is the perfect solution for everybody who wants a nice flewing Slideshow under their navigation bar .
Download : WP Featured Content Slider
Plugin Homepage : WP Featured Content Slider
6. Slideshow Gallery
Feature content in a JavaScript powered slideshow gallery showcase on your WordPress website .
The slideshow is flexible and all aspects can easily be configured .
Embedding or hardcoding the slideshow gallery is a breeze .
To embed into a post / page , simply insert [ slideshow ] into its content with an optional post_id parameter to display the gallery images uploaded to that post / page .
To hardcode into any PHP file of your WordPress theme , simply use slideshow ( $ output = true , $ post_id = null ) ; } ; ?>.
Download : Slideshow Gallery
Plugin Homepage : Slideshow Gallery
7. WP Content Slideshow
WP Content Slideshow shows up to 5 Posts in a very nice and powerfull Javascript Slideshow .
On the left side of the Slideshow it displays a Image for every Post .
On the right side , there are all the Titles ( and a small description under the Title ) of the Posts .
The Slideshow highlights the active Post and repeats automatically after getting to the 5th Post .
You have a powerfull Administration Area to adjust the Category , the number of Posts , the width and height , and many colours for the Slideshow !
Download : WP Content Slideshow
Plugin Homepage : WP Content Slideshow
8. Featurific For WordPress
An effortless interface to Featurific Free , the featured story slideshow .
Unlike traditional slideshows , Featurific imitates the behavior seen on the home pages of sites like time.com and msn.com , displaying summaries of featured articles on the site .
The idea is to increase conversion and user satisfaction by funneling your readers to your strongest , most engaging content .
If you believe that big budget companies like Time , MSN , and Walmart might be on to something , then give this plugin a shot .
Installation is automatic and easy , while advanced users can customize every element of the Flash slideshow presentation .
Download : Featurific For WordPress
Plugin Homepage : Featurific For WordPress
9. d13slideshow
D13 Slideshow is a plugin that will create an animated promo slideshow as part of your WordPress blog .
You can use it to promote any pages or posts in your site and it is fully customisable through the admin pages of your blog .
Unlike some other slideshow components , D13 Slideshow makes use of the script.aculo.us and Prototype JavaScript frameworks .
Once added , your slideshow will animate through each of your chosen features providing an image , an extract and a link .
Once all featured stories have been shown , the slideshow will pause and provide ‘ next ’ and ‘ back ’ buttons allowing visitors to cycle through them .
Download : d13slideshow
Plugin Homepage : d13slideshow
10 . Smooth Slider
Smooth Slider is a WordPress and WordPress MU Plugin for creating a dynamic slideshow / s for featured posts on a blog .
The slideshow created by Smooth Slider are JavaScript and Text based , that is why bloggers will get full benefit of Search Engine Optimization as the texts are readable by Search Engines .
You can choose some of your posts as featured posts and show them into a slideshow on your blog home page ( i.e. Index ) as well as in Sidebar .
Download : Smooth Slider
Plugin Homepage : Smooth Slider
11 . Front Slider
You are looking for a fancy Slideshow to improve your Blog ’s / Website ’s Design ?
This is perfect for you !
Front Slider includes as many Featured Posts as you like .
You can define a Image for every Post .
It shows an excerpt , date , time and number of comments for every Post .
The text and images are sliding smoothly – Front Slider generates nice thumbnails through which can be slided and navigated .
By clicking on the big image one gets directly to the featured Post .
Download : Front Slider
Plugin Homepage : Front Slider
12 . NextGEN Gallery
NextGEN Gallery is a full integrated Image Gallery plugin for WordPress with a Flash slideshow option .
Before I start writing the plugin I study all photo and picture plugins for WordPress , I figure out that some of them are really good and well designed , but I missed a simple and easy administration back end to handle multiple photos , galleries and albums .
Download : NextGEN Gallery
Plugin Homepage : NextGEN Gallery
13 . WordPress SmoothGallery Plugin
This plugin embeds JonDesign ’s SmoothGallery into your posts and pages .
It ’s this simple :
upload some pictures to a post / page
use the shortcode “ smoothgallery ”
add a custom field named “ smoothgallery ” with some options
watch your gallery 😉
There ’re a lot more possibilities with this plugin .
Please have a more detailed look at it and do n’t hesitate to leave a comment if you ’d like to suggest a feature , need help with the plugin or just want to say how cool this is 😉
Download : WordPress SmoothGallery Plugin
Plugin Homepage : WordPress SmoothGallery Plugin
14 . Global Flash Galleries
Global Flash Gallery plugin can help you to create fast and perfectly wonderful and unique galleries of great albums , photos , cards and other images .
Global Flash Galleries plugin is easy and convenient for use .
It ’s captivating and beautiful to execute in practice .
Ready - made harmonic color layouts are offered in this plug - in .
It is possible to preview a gallery created from several albums in a convenient mode of slide show ( full size ) or in thumbnails ( streaming tape ) .
It ’s easy with Global Flash Galleries to create different galleries from numerous grouped albums even if you do n’t have much experience in it .
There are many various and apprehensible settings and styles with which you can easily change the size of images preserving its original proportion and put the required tags .
The plug - in navigation is made at the highest levels and has a broad range of demonstration effects which are easy and plain to comprehend .
The excellent functional capabilities of the plug - in will help to create a really peculiar and distinctive collection of galleries .
Download : Global Flash Galleries
Plugin Homepage : Global Flash Galleries
15 . SlidePress
SlideShowPro is a Flash - based slideshow application for presenting your photos and videos online .
SlideShowPro features over 100 customizable parameters to control color , layout , size , and behavior for an endless array of configuration options when publishing your digital content .
Built to meet the demands of professional photographers , as well as web developers looking for a fast , simple utility , SlideShow Pro creates slideshows without coding any ActionScript or modifying Flash files .
Download : SlidePress
Plugin Homepage : SlidePress
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — ——
–
We are the pioneers in providing testking and ccna tutorials with 100 % exam pass guarantee .
Download our latest a+ certification questions to pass real exam on time .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A growing number of Americans , nearly half the country , think global warming worries are exaggerated and more people doubt that scientific warnings of severe environmental fallout will ever occur , according to a new Gallup poll .
A woman walks through heavy snow as she carries her coffee on Capitol Hill in Washington , February 11 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
The new doubts come as President Barack Obama pressures Congress to produce legislation significantly cutting smokestack emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases blamed for climate change problems .
Gallup ’s survey was released on the same day that the Obama administration unveiled in Texas a public - private report underscoring threats to birds as climate change alters their habitat and food supply , pushing many species to extinction .
With congressional elections in November , many lawmakers are hesitant to take on a controversial energy and environment bill , especially if voter interest is waning .
Around the world , concerns about climate change have dipped as economic worries took higher priority , according to a Nielson / Oxford University survey in December , which found the highest concern was in Latin America and Asia - Pacific countries like the Philippines , where typhoons are a big threat .
While U.S. worries about climate change fell significantly in the Nielson poll , they did not come close to some eastern European countries such as Estonia , which ranked bottom .
In response to escalating attacks from global warming skeptics , the Union of Concerned Scientists on Thursday released a letter they said was signed by more than 2,000 climate scientists and economists , including some Nobel prize winners , urging the U.S. Senate to pass a climate change bill .
“ The strength of the science on climate change compels us to warn the nation about the growing risk of irreversible consequences ... as temperatures rise further , the scope and severity of global warming impacts will continue to accelerate , ” they wrote .
The Gallup poll , conducted March 4 - 7 , indicates a reversal in public sentiment on an issue that not only involves the environment , but also economic and national security concerns .
Forty - eight percent of Americans now believe that the seriousness of global warming is exaggerated , up from 41 percent last year and 31 percent in 1997 , when Gallup first asked the question .
The survey follows reports that some of the scientific details of findings that went into international global warming reports were either flawed or exaggerated .
Supporters of a global effort to keep the Earth ’s temperatures from rising more than 2 degrees Celsius from pre-industrial levels agree that scientists need to be more fastidious in their research , but there is overwhelming evidence that a warming planet will lead to ice melting , flooding , drought , refugees and the spread of disease .
The United States has made a non-binding pledge to seek a 17 percent reduction in carbon emissions by 2020 , from 2005 levels , mostly by switching to alternative energy , such as wind and solar power .
But without legislation from Congress , that goal is unlikely to be met .
The Gallup poll of slightly more than 1,014 adults has a sampling error margin of plus or minus 4 percent .
A majority still believes global warming is real but that percentage is falling , with the average American now less convinced than at any time since 1997 .
Thirty - five percent said in the latest poll that the effects of global warming either will never happen ( 19 percent ) or will not happen in their lifetimes ( 16 percent ) .
Sure , we could cover the ENIAC , or the ARPANET , but the best technology ’s the crazy technology that never actually happened .
Or rather , was sold , but was complete bunk .
Can you imagine how much easier your life would be with a …
HYPNO -COIN ?!?
You ’ll notice that the example for the hypno - coin is a woman , powerless under a nerd ’s spell .
Why not just call it the rohypno - coin ?
It ’d at least be more honest .
Still , the idea of a portable hypnotizer ’s appealing .
Almost as appealing as a …
POLARIS NUCLEAR SUB ?!?
For the child who does n’t have enough two person nuclear submarines .
The Polaris Nuclear Sub , which was a real giant - sized submarine .
According to the ad it weighs “ over 200 lb . ”
Not according to the ad , it is an “ underwater coffin ” for your “ stupid kids . ”
Why , it ’s almost as deadly as …
STOMACH IRON THAT’D PROBABLY KILL YOU IF YOU USED IT ?
It ’s 1950 .
You ’re fat .
The Charles Atlas thing did n’t help .
So why not buy a giant , vibrating iron that you ’d apply to your stomach fat , likely electrocuting you horribly ?
Hey , nobody ’ll care about how fat you are when you ’re dead !
Well , that ’s it for this installment of “ Bad Ads . ”
Tune in next time for more terrible technology that ’d probably kill you !
College student Jennifer Kaye Ringley turns on her " JenniCam " for the first time and begins uploading pictures of herself to the web .
Refreshed every three minutes , JenniCam.org displays black - and - white images that track Ringley 's daily activities , which ranges from mundane tasks and chitchat to stripteases and sexual activity .
Raised as a nudist , 19 - year old Ringley installed the webcam in her dorm room at Pennsylvania 's Dickinson College as an experiment in real - time documentary .
The site , however , became far more than an academic exercise , attracting up to 4 million hits a day at its peak .
When she relocated to Washington , D.C. , in 1998 , Ringley added three more webcams and began charging through PayPal for " premium " access to more - frequent image uploads .
Earning her living from the site , Ringley emerged as a web - empowered cult of personality .
She played a geek character in 1998 on TV series Diagnosis Murder , appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman and landed the cover of Modern Ferret magazine with one of her much - viewed pets .
Ringley also received death threats after teen pranksters hacked the site and demanded that she " show more " following one of her strip shows .
Less controversial : Ringley 's departure from Washington to Sacramento , California , for which she live - streamed moving day .
But even here , soap opera intruded .
Commenters complained that Ringley seemed too friendly with her friend 's fiancee , Dex , who helped pack boxes .
Employed in California first as a social worker and then a web designer , Ringley shut down JenniCam.org on Dec. 31 , 2003 .
She blamed the closure on PayPal 's new anti-nudity policy .
For better and for worse , Ringley 's pioneering adventure in self - exposure anticipated the appetite for reality - based voyeurtainment .
Ana Voog followed suit with her popular Anacam.com , as did scores of other lifecasters .
As chronicled in the documentary We Live in Public , net mogul Josh Harris webcast his life inside a bunker loaded with surveillance cameras .
Big Brother launched the reality - TV genre by broadcasting private behavior to mainstream audiences .
And web phenomenon lonelygirl15 took the JenniCam model as a starting point for scripted confessional - style drama .
Ringley keeps a low profile these days .
" I really am enjoying my privacy now , " Ringley told the VH - 1 cable network in 2007 .
" I do n't have a web page .
I do n't have a MySpace page .
It 's a completely different feeling , and I think I 'm enjoying it . "
Source : Wikipedia , The Great Geek Manual
See Also :
Four men were jailed for between 15 years and life after being found guilty today of carrying out a £ 1.75 m robbery in the first English criminal trial to be heard without a jury in 400 years .
John Twomey , 61 , Peter Blake , 57 , Glenn Cameron , 50 , and Barry Hibberd , 43 , were all convicted at the Old Bailey after the judge heard evidence that they were responsible for " a professionally planned and professionally executed " armed robbery at the Menzies warehouse at Heathrow airport in February 2004 , in which one member of staff was shot at and attacked .
Blake was sentenced to life in prison with a minimum term of 10 years and nine months , Twomey got 20 years and six months ; Hibberd 17 years and six months ; and Cameron , 15 years .
Twomey , the leader of the gang , wiped away tears and waved to a woman who wept in the public gallery as he was taken down to begin his sentence .
The four were tried , convicted and sentenced by Mr Justice Treacy after the previous three armed robbery trials collapsed , the last two amid allegations that the jurors had been " compromised " or tampered with .
The total cost to the taxpayer of the aborted trials is estimated to be at least £ 25 m – more than 14 times the amount stolen .
Wearing masks , fluorescent jackets and dark woollen hats the men were armed and had been tipped off by an insider to the fact that currency was being stored in the warehouse .
During the raid the four rounded up the Menzies staff , and the prosecution says Blake fired repeatedly at David Westwood , a member of staff , with a handgun .
The robbery , which was set up using an inside man , was supposed to have netted the gang £ 10 m .
But they misread the airline manifest showing the number of bags in the warehouse and only made off with £ 1.75 m – none of which has been recovered .
CCTV footage produced by the prosecution showed Twomey , Cameron and Hibberd arriving at a hotel near Heathrow shortly after the robbery carrying what the crown said were a holdall and a large plastic bag , which appeared to be stuffed with the stolen money .
Key to today 's successful prosecution was evidence given by a supergrass .
Menzies supervisor Darren Brockwell , 42 , had been dreaming up the raid for months after discovering bags of currency were held in a vault inside the warehouse in 2003 .
After being put in touch with Twomey 's gang , Brockwell studied flight patterns for weeks to determine when the vault would be full .
But on the night of the robbery he misread flight documentation and believed £ 10 m would be in the vault , rather than just £ 1.75 m .
He was arrested at his mother 's house in Woking , Surrey , shortly after the raid .
In his Vauxhall Vectra were two drawn maps of the warehouse .
At first he denied any involvement , but following discussions between his solicitors and the police , Brockwell agreed to turn supergrass and reveal all about the robbery .
He ended up giving evidence in all four trials .
In March 2007 he was given a reduced sentence of six years , having admitted conspiracy to rob , in recognition of the help given to the prosecution .
He was released later the same year .
But Brockwell will spend the rest of his life living under an assumed identity and his former wife and two young children have been moved to a secret location and given new names .
When this fourth and final trial began in January all the defendants were initially on bail but Blake walked out of the court and disappeared for three days .
He returned to apologise to the judge and was remanded in custody along with his co-defendants to await a verdict .
The " hallowed principle " of trial by jury was set aside by the court of appeal in June last year , in the first case using powers under the Criminal Justice Act 2003 , but campaigners called the decision a dangerous precedent .
Evidence seen by appeal judges of alleged jury tampering was kept from the public and defence lawyers because of what senior prosecutors described as the " sensitivity " of the information .
This evidence has never been shown to the defendants – who deny all suggestions they attempted to influence a jury – or their lawyers .
Crown Prosecution Service lawyers have refused to reveal the information relating to jury tampering , saying " risks " still exist from the past .
But it is known that one of the earlier trials , in August 2007 , collapsed after one juror refused to return to court .
In a series of " emotional and irrational " telephone calls the juror told court officials that he felt " like a prisoner in the building and in the jury room " .
He was discharged , and for other legal reasons Judge Jeremy Roberts QC stopped the trial and discharged the rest of the jury .
In December 2008 Judge Roberts was again forced to discharge the jury after two jurors reported allegations of " nobbling " .
He described the incident as " serious attempts at jury tampering " .
All four defendants were today found guilty of robbery and having a firearm with intent to commit robbery .
Blake was also found guilty of attempting to cause grievous bodily harm and possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life .
Hibberd was found not guilty of 13 charges of unrelated firearms offences concerning a cache of weapons at a lock - up garage in Uxbridge , west London .
They will be kept in custody while they await sentencing .
33 states out of money to fund jobless benefits
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
With unemployment still at a severe high , a majority of states have drained their jobless benefit funds , forcing them to borrow billions from the federal government to help out - of - work Americans .
A total of 33 states and the Virgin Islands have depleted their funds and borrowed more than $ 38.7 billion to provide a safety net , according to a report released Thursday by the National Employment Law Project .
Four others are at the brink of insolvency .
Debt - challenged California has borrowed the most , totaling more than $ 8.4 billion , followed by Michigan and New York , which have loans worth more than $ 3 billion .
Nine other states have borrowed at least $ 1 billion from the federal government .
" The nation 's financing system for jobless benefits is under unprecedented stress , " said Andrew Stettner , deputy director of the New York - based advocacy group for the unemployed .
" While the recession has certainly made things worse , this funding crisis has been developing for years . "
At the onset of the recession , only 19 states met the recommended funding level , which is one year of reserves equal to the highest amount of unemployment insurance paid out during prior recessions .
Financing experts suggest that states build up their jobless benefit coffers during strong economic times so that they can draw from them during downturns .
Federal and state governments collect money for unemployment benefits by taxing employers on a small portion of their employee wages .
While total wages and weekly jobless benefit levels have been rising , governments have n't increased the taxable base wages at the same pace .
Instead , they adopted a " pay as you go " approach , keeping taxes and fund levels low during good times and raising taxes and cutting benefits when strapped for cash .
That left many states with insufficient jobless funds to weather the recession .
Of the 13 states that will likely be able to fund jobless benefits without borrowing from the feds , 10 of them followed the recommended financing tactic .
That readied them for the recession , the National Employment Law Project concluded in its study .
" The current crisis should compel policy makers to forge a new path to forward financing of the unemployment insurance program , " Stettner said .
" As the broke funds of 33 states makes clear , unemployment insurance reserves need to be stocked up before recessions hit so that states are prepared . "
The acclaimed frontline photojournalist speaks about the horrors of conflict , struggling with ' this terrible name , war photographer ' , and why shooting landscapes instead of battle zones has finally granted him a sense of peace .
Shaped by War : Photographs by Don McCullin is at the Imperial War Museum North in Manchester until 13 June 2010
Infix 7 TransPDF
Enjoy free use of TransPDF
TransPDF is an on - online service that converts PDFs to XLIFF and back again .
Use your own CAT tools ( memoQ , SDL Trados Studio , Memsource etc. ) to translate the XLIFF .
Once translated , Infix uses TransPDF to make a new translated PDF for you .
Learn more .
Infix 7 talks directly to TransPDF so you do n't need to leave the application to upload PDFs , download XLIFF , get previews or final PDFs .
It also contains advanced problem reporting specifically designed for PDFs translated using TransPDF .
Learn more .
With a valid Infix 7 license , you can use all the facilities of TransPDF free of charge .
Alternatively , final PDFs generated by TransPDF can be edited free - of - charge using the demo version of Infix without leaving any watermarks .
Anyone that watches anime can tell you that it can be about anything , and when I say anything , I really mean it .
Just to show you what I mean , I have compiled a list of 10 anime that I ’m sure no one ( or at least very few people ) would have thought of unless they were drunk or high .
Akikan
Anyone who has been to Japan will know that there are vending machines everywhere , and they sell everything from the regular stuff like snacks and drinks , to weirder things like underwear and lobsters .
One thing that they do n’t sell , however , are girlfriends , but that ’s where Akikan comes into the picture .
This anime is about soda cans that transform into girls .
These soda can girls , which are either steel cans or aluminum cans , then battle it out with each other to determine whether steel or aluminum is better .
Did I mention that they also need to be regularly infused with carbon dioxide ?
I ’ll let you guess where the CO 2 comes from .
Sleeping with Hinako
The Training with Hinako anime may have been predictable ; after all , there are tons of workout videos out there so why not make an anime version of one .
Sleeping with Hinako is an entirely different matter though .
The main point of this anime is to have it playing while you sleep .
Basically all it is is a girl named Hinako sleeping in bed .
Now lonely otaku will never have to worry about sleeping alone because they have Hinako sleeping beside them ( or wherever their TV is located ) .
Lucky Star
Most people who follow anime will know what Lucky Star is , so you might be wondering why it ’s on this list .
Well , rather than try to explain it , let me just ask this : can you summarize the plot of Lucky Star for me ?
Exactly , think about it and you ’ll realize that Lucky Star is an anime about absolutely nothing .
Whoever thought that an anime with no story whatsoever would be so popular ?
Midori Days
We all want to be close to people we like , but Midori Days takes it even further and physically attaches a girl to a guy .
Seiji is a regular , lonely , high school boy that wakes up one day to find a mini- girl named Midori attached to his right arm .
By attached , I mean that his hand has been replaced by the top half of a girl ( from the waist up ) .
If you do n’t think this is a bizarre idea , you ’ve probably grown immune to the strangeness of anime .
Samurai Pizza Cats
They ’re cats who are also samurai , and they work at a pizza joint .
I do n’t think I need to say more to justify this title ’s placement on the list .
Qwaser of Stigmata
Qwaser of Stigmata is an anime about people called Qwaser who have special powers and use those powers to battle each other .
That sounds pretty standard for anime , but the twist here is that Qwasers need to feed off breast milk to replenish their powers .
Yes , you read that right , breast milk .
Naturally , there is a lot of breast - sucking going on in this anime .
This is probably the most “ wtf ” anime that has come out this year .
Unko-san
I have a feeling that the idea for Unko - san came about while someone was taking a dump on the toilet .
The title can be translated as “ Mr. Feces ” and from that you can probably tell what this anime involves .
It ’s about a poo fairy that lives on lucky island and brings good luck to all of his other poo friends .
Apparently some people find it cute , but I prefer my poo flushed down the toilet and not floating around some island .
Pokémon
Everyone knows who Pokémon is ; it ’s so popular that even old grannies can identify Pikachu now .
Heck , Microsoft Word even recognizes Pikachu as a name .
So why have I added this anime to the list ?
When you think about it , Pokémon in the Pokémon world are no different from animals in our world .
We do a lot of things to animals , but most of us do n’t stuff them into tiny balls and then force them to fight with each other until one is unconscious .
I ’m actually surprised that animal rights activists are n’t up in arms about it .
Whoever came up with this idea had a sick mind .
Moyashimon
Moyashimon is about a college boy that can see and communicate with microbes .
I guess no one told the producers that microbes are n’t complex enough to think on the same level as us , not to mention that the microbes do n’t look anything like what they ’re supposed to .
This is meant to be an educational anime too .
Yakitate Japan
There are anime about various sports and board games , but Yakitate Japan is the only anime about baking bread .
Most people know the basic process for baking bread : you get some flour and water , knead it into dough , and bake it .
Yakitate Japan gets into the nitty - gritty details of bread baking and actually manages to pull off being serious and funny at the same time .
It certainly makes baking seem a million times more exciting than it actually is .
Check out Time of Eve , a Kickstarter funded anime movie on the Forevergeek Kickstarter Store
Read the latest papers on pathogens , disease and diagnostics across BMC flagship journals .
Evaluation of the potential incidence of COVID - 19 and effectiveness of containment measures in Spain : a data - driven approach
Alberto Aleta and Yamir Moreno​​​​​​​
Published in BMC Medicine 27 May 2020
MARPLE , a point - of - care , strain - level disease diagnostics and surveillance tool for complex fungal pathogens ​​​​​​ ​
Guru Radhakrishnan​​​​​​​ et al .
Published in BMC Biology 13 August 2019
Strains used in whole organism Plasmodium falciparum vaccine trials differ in genome structure , sequence , and immunogenic potential
Kara A. Moser​​​​​​​ et al .
Published in Genome Medicine 08 January 2020
SEPATH : benchmarking the search for pathogens in human tissue whole genome sequence data leads to template pipelines​​​​​​ ​
Abraham Gihawi​​​​​​​ et al .
Published in Genome Biology 22 October 2019
The entire world was spooked by the March 29 attack by two Chechen “ black widow ” suicide bombers who killed 38 people in the Moscow subway .
As far away as New York , police squads armed with assault weapons were deployed to prevent a copycat strike .
There is no doubt that suicide attacks can be deadly -- and terrifying .
But are they effective in furthering the larger goals of the attackers ?
Osama bin Laden & Co. would like us to think so .
Jihadists crow that they “ love death ” while the West “ loves life , ” giving them an insuperable advantage that no conventional army can overcome .
Some Western analysts have added to the hype by arguing , in essence , that suicide attacks are a “ poor man ’s smart bomb ” and a tactic against which democratic states have only one recourse : giving in to the bombers ’ demands .
Actually , the most comprehensive database of post -1980 suicide attacks -- compiled by Robert Pape of the University of Chicago -- suggests a very different conclusion .
Terrifying as it is , suicide bombing is a tactic with a very low rate of return .
As far as I can tell , there has been only one successful campaign utilizing primarily suicide attacks -- that waged by Hezbollah in the early 1980s to drive foreign peacekeepers out of Lebanon .
In 1983 , Hezbollah blew up the U.S. Embassy in Beirut and both the U.S. Marine and French army barracks , killing 362 people .
Because neither the U.S. nor France felt a keen strategic stake in Lebanon , these deaths were enough to drive them out .
Hezbollah suicide bombers also killed 197 Israeli soldiers between 1982 and 1985 -- but with less impact .
True , Israel withdrew from most of Lebanon , but it would have done so even had there been no suicide bombings .
International outrage over the 1982 Sabra and Shatila massacre , when Lebanese militiamen allied with Israel slaughtered hundreds of Palestinians , was a more important blow against Israel than any car bomb .
Advertisement
When Israel gave up its buffer zone in southern Lebanon in 2000 , it was because of attacks by Hezbollah fighters who were skilled guerrillas but hardly suicidal .
In fact , they often escaped after ambushing an Israeli patrol .
In 2006 , Israel fought Hezbollah again -- and again Hezbollah acquitted itself well on the battlefield without resorting to widespread suicide bombings .
This time , Hezbollah ’s most important weapon was the rockets it fired into northern Israel .
By moving away from suicide tactics , Hezbollah was tacitly conceding their limited efficacy .
That lesson was driven home by the second intifada , launched in 2000 .
Palestinians with explosives belts blew up a Tel Aviv nightclub ( 22 dead ) , a Haifa restaurant ( 21 ) and a Jerusalem bus stop ( 20 ) , among other targets .
Yet by 2004 the intifada was over .
Suicide bombings have not been a serious threat to Israel since .
This is because of the effectiveness of countermeasures such as erecting a security barrier along the West Bank and searching just about everyone entering a public premise in Israel , combined with targeted operations to arrest or kill militant leaders .
Having seen their suicide campaign blunted , Hamas , like Hezbollah , decided to shift to rocket attacks , which could fly over Israeli defenses .
A similar lack of success has crowned efforts to drive the U.S. out of Iraq .
Starting with the explosion that blew up the U.N. headquarters in Baghdad on Aug. 19 , 2003 , Sunni terrorists staged the most costly campaign of suicide terrorism ever conducted , utilizing primarily cars and trucks , which can pack far more explosives than an individual bomber .
They brought Iraq to the brink of civil war , but in 2007 - 08 they were largely defeated by American and Iraqi troops who erected concrete barriers and checkpoints around Baghdad and surged into the neighborhoods where terrorists hid .
Advertisement
Scattered bombs continue to go off in Iraq , but there is not , as the terrorists like to claim , a limitless supply of martyrs .
As the war dragged on , there were increasing reports that suicide bombers had been either blackmailed or duped into setting off their explosives .
That the ordinary jihadist was hardly suicidal was confirmed by the fact that their most common weapon was the roadside bomb , which usually allowed the culprits plenty of time to escape .
Just as Al Qaeda in Iraq has failed to defeat the U.S. and its allies , so too the larger Al Qaeda organization has not achieved its primary strategic objectives following the deadliest suicide attack of all -- 9/11 .
Al Qaeda has not toppled any Middle Eastern regimes , much less established a fundamentalist caliphate .
It is , arguably , further from achieving those goals today than it was before 2001 , because the barbarism of its attacks spurred the United States and its allies to mobilize in response .
The only non-Islamic group to practice suicide terrorism on a large scale has been even less successful .
The Tamil Tigers began blowing themselves up in 1990 , and in spite of numerous successes ( including the assassination of former Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in 1991 ) , they were declared defeated last year by Sri Lanka ’s government .
Advertisement
The futility of suicide attacks should not be surprising given that they are the last resort of the weak and desperate .
The Japanese did not make use of kamikazes until it was apparent they would lose World War II .
Their attacks inflicted considerable damage on U.S. warships but also redoubled the American determination to defeat Japan .
The same phenomenon has been evident after more recent suicide bombings .
Once the initial shock wears off , the very inhumanity of these attacks rallies public opinion against the perpetrators .
That has already happened in Israel , Iraq and Sri Lanka .
Now we see a backlash building in Afghanistan , Pakistan and Russia .
Terrorism will continue to be a menace , but suicide bombing is hardly a super - weapon .
Max Boot is a senior fellow in National Security Studies at the Council on Foreign Relations and a contributing editor to Opinion .
He is writing a history of guerrilla warfare and terrorism .
Young Christians Beth and Steve , a gospel singer and her cowboy boyfriend , leave Texas to preach door - to - door in Scotland .
When , after initial abuse , they are welcomed with joy and elation to Tressock , the border fiefdom of Sir Lachlan Morrison , they assume their hosts simply want to hear more about Jesus .
How innocent and wrong they are .
Written by Anonymous
March 11 , 2010 11 min read
This story appears in the April 2010 issue of Entrepreneur .
Subscribe »
Ari Goldberg is not a stylish person .
The 27 - year - old New Yorker says he had " almost zero fashion knowledge " when he launched StyleCaster.com last June .
Wearing a T - shirt and shorts , he explains what he did know when he created the website in 2008 :
There was no equivalent of a MySpace for fashion , a site that mixed style news , social networking and personalized clothing recommendations with e-commerce .
Revolutionary web platforms do n't come cheaply , but he believed that he and his partners could build one without exorbitant staffing costs .
" We told the investors , ' We have this amazing idea , and everyone will want to take part and we 're not going to pay them , ' " Goldberg recalls .
Besides having contributors who would style photo shoots or write articles in exchange for promoting their name or product , " we were going to have an army of interns . "
Free labor ?
In Manhattan , the most expensive city in the United States ?
Well , yes .
Goldberg had no trouble finding young women from excellent universities to report , write and program content for the startup .
One was Michelle Halpern .
After graduating last spring from Syracuse University , she discovered that her employment options were to waitress for a paycheck or work for free in fashion journalism , a field with dwindling entry - level positions .
She borrowed living expenses from her parents , shared a bed with a roommate in a cramped Hell 's Kitchen apartment and worked more than 40 hours a week , entirely unpaid .
" I figured an internship is an easier way to get a foot in the door and make contacts , " Halpern says .
Armed with a press pass from the website , she attended New York Fashion Week last September - -" a dream for a long time " -- and rubbed elbows with designers .
Four months of exhaustion and ramen noodles paid off .
StyleCaster hired Halpern at the beginning of 2010 , making her the sixth intern to move up to employee status .
For the unpaid position Halpern left behind , there is no shortage of fresh - faced fashionistas eager to fill her stilettos :
There are now 24 unpaid part - time interns assisting 15 employees at StyleCaster 's office in Chelsea .
Does that make Goldberg a savvy businessman or a slave driver ?
The answer , incredibly , is not clear .
The Department of Labor 's rules on unpaid interns are brief and vague ; the agency has little on the books because it oversees paid work , and it has n't addressed the issue of the nation 's growing unpaid work force .
Employment lawyers interpret the rules differently -- though they generally agree that full - time open - ended internships are legally dicey .
Meanwhile , there are more interns available than ever , and businesses are relying on them for concrete help on entry - level tasks , plus the less tangible benefit of youthful energy and ideas around the office .
And like Goldberg , more companies are banking on unpaid interns to the point of building that labor option into their business model .
No agency collects national statistics on intern numbers , but the consensus among the largest job placement websites , such as Internships.com and CareerRookie.com , is that they are on the rise .
USA Intern -- which has more than 10,000 registered interns on its site , USAIntern.com -- saw a spike in 2009 , when the economy was melting down .
There is further evidence in the growing number of intern sites , including UrbanInterns.com , which launched last year and counts several thousand registered users .
Of course , the flood of free talent is a boon to businesses managing a big workload with a small staff ( some interns even pay middlemen to secure them an unpaid slot ) .
But most businesses are unaware of what legally constitutes an internship and what 's acceptable to ask an intern to do .
Internships probably started when paid work started .
They were called apprenticeships until the medical industry 's term for novice doctors was adopted by corporate and academic realms to mean anyone working , paid or unpaid , at a short - term , sub -entry - level position .
Many universities offer course credit to students who do a stint in a real - world job that relates to their studies .
But the collegiate face of internship is changing , due mainly to unemployment .
To put it bluntly , interns today are older , more experienced and more desperate .
" People know that their competition for jobs is n't their buddy who graduated alongside them , " says Chanin Coyle , who created USA Intern in 2005 .
" It 's Mr. Smith down the street with 25 years ' experience , who 's been unemployed for the last nine months . "
Like many of the new intern sites , USA Intern offers a standard service free to interns and businesses , with bells - and - whistles upgrades available starting at $ 9.99 .
Last year Coyle noted an uptick in what she calls " 30 - year - old interns , " many of whom have struck out finding a salaried job or hope to change careers .
There are less dire reasons for the bumper crop of free help .
One is that internships deliver .
Most unskilled job seekers would agree that a few months of unpaid work is worth the return of a fattened portfolio and Rolodex .
College job centers recommend them .
Sites such as UrbanInterns.com , whose basic services are free , have made it easier to find an internship in a specific field .
Working free has its perks , too .
Besides an occasional swag bag , there 's a certain amount of liberty on the job .
" Anything I want to put on my rï¿½sumï¿½ , " says Kaila Simpson , one of three full - time interns for Janine Driver , a motivational speaker based in Washington , D.C. , " she can find a way for me to get that experience . "
How to Hire an Intern
With internship laws interpreted on a " case - by - case " basis , businesses need to tread carefully .
If your company does n't have HR expertise in - house , it can benefit from free advice from the Department of Labor hot line , which provides anonymity , at ( 866 ) 4US - WAGE ( 866-487-9243 ) .
Here are some general guidelines from business owners , employment lawyers and intern placement experts .
-- L.P .
.
Get clear start and end dates .
Internships often correspond to college semesters -- three or four months -- or summer breaks .
Longer than six months is not advised .
.
Post on internship websites .
Internships.com and UrbanInterns.com are among the sites that offer free listings to companies seeking interns .
Increasingly , so do job sites such as http://www.MediaBistro.com and CareerBuilder , whose internship link redirects to its startup CareerRookie.com .
. Schedule work days .
Two days a week is typically preferable than one , so that interns can follow up on calls or tasks started the day before .
Their working less than 20 hours a week keeps you on the safer side of the law .
.
Make expectations clear .
In postings and interviews , be specific about the range of tasks .
Ask interns what their expectations are , too .
.
Do n't make promises about jobs .
Even if the company has hired from intern ranks , do n't suggest that a job may be waiting at the end of the term .
. Appoint a supervisor .
The intern may work for several people but should have one supervisor who manages the internship and offers feedback on progress .
.
Be consistent .
A company should not have paid interns in one department and unpaid in another or call them " student trainees " on one side of the office and " apprentices " on the other .
Develop a company - wide program with a guidebook .
. Challenge them .
It 's OK to send interns on a coffee run now and then , but generally they should be working alongside employees on projects that give them bankable experience .
And they should be included in mid- and upper - level meetings , even if it 's just to observe .
. Encourage networking .
Invite interns to industry events or encourage them to go on their own .
Include them in office parties .
.
Offer perks .
Keep interns in mind when it comes to swag or any other perks of company life .
.
Give them an exit interview .
Revisit the initial expectations and review performance , and let the interns offer their observations .
. Write a recommendation .
Send them off with a letter of recommendation on company letterhead .
Consider contacting colleagues who may be hiring , and encourage interns to check in as they embark on a job search .
If you own a business that could use an extra hand but does n't have an extra source of revenue to pay for it , the intern boom may sound too good to be true .
And that 's because it is .
The Department of Labor has but one document on the legality of this sort of unpaid help , and the language is vague .
It 's a 2006 opinion letter on an apprentice program set up by an unnamed university , and it states that interns are not employees and therefore are not covered by wage laws , if six guidelines are met .
One of those specifications is : " The employer that provides the training derives no immediate advantage from the activities of the trainees or students , and on occasion the employer 's operations may actually be impeded . "
In short , the Department of Labor appears to view internships as benevolent education programs , not as the I 'll - scratch - your - back , - you - scratch - mine scenario that defines them today .
The wording is key to Michael Tracy , an employment lawyer in Irvine , Calif .
To him , a volunteer answering phones or filing papers or creating proposals gives a company an " immediate advantage . "
" The practice is n't legal , " Tracy says .
" It gives companies an unfair business advantage .
It is the same as companies that pay people sub- minimum wage , or make people work unpaid overtime . "
To operate within the letter of the law , he adds , an internship must be a sort of dummy job or an observation - only program .
The Dallas Mavericks basketball team is one business that altered its position on internships after educating itself on the law .
" Want an unpaid internship so you can get valuable experience ?
Screw you ! " wrote Mavericks owner Mark Cuban on his blog , Blog Maverick , after scrapping plans for a volunteer - staffed fan website for the team .
Asked why the Department of Labor has not sought to stop the thousands of internships , many facilitated by colleges and top corporations , that seem to fall short of the opinion letter 's criteria , representative Joseph de Wolk said that the validity of an internship is determined " on a case - by - case basis . "
That is one of the reasons many employment experts believe that a firm simply needs to create programs that benefit the intern first and foremost .
Such a situation is not what Amy Van Cleave entered into last year with a company she prefers not to name .
The 27 - year - old , who has degrees in pre-law and merchandising , hoped that a full - time stint at a fashion PR firm would help her segue from working in retail to marketing .
She moved to New York from Dallas when one of the city 's top fashion communications companies agreed to her offer of free help .
" My boss does n't speak to me unless necessary , " says Van Cleave , as she wraps up an internship that mainly involved checking clothing in and out to fashion stylists .
" She has never explained to me what she does .
I have zero conversations with anyone about how this industry works . "
Surprisingly , Van Cleave says the internship was still worth it : " The golden part is putting their name on my rï¿½sumï¿½ . "
Jay Zweig , an employment lawyer in Phoenix , says companies need to consider what the intern gains from the experience .
" Having interns do administrative , clerical or repetitive tasks makes it appear that the interns are replacing or substituting for paid workers , " he says , " and that can be problematic in terms of potential violations of state and federal wage and hour laws . "
Only the government and nonprofits , such as the L.A. Stage Alliance , which has a full - time unpaid intern , are free to use unpaid trainees long - term and full - time without worry .
StyleCaster 's Goldberg , though , like many entrepreneurs , was unaware of some of the finer points of legal internships .
Calling the program a " working interview , " for instance , is a bad idea .
Although it would seem that hiring from the intern pool is the best reward a company could give volunteers , an internship program cannot be structured as an audition .
For that reason , sometimes common sense alone is n't enough to guarantee that your own internship program is aboveboard .
Even if you plan to use interns in a company about to be launched , it is n't wise to put that into the business plan , because it will appear as if you are looking for free labor .
There is no free lunch , as the saying goes , but there is free help -- with plenty of caveats .
Laurie Pike is the Style Editor of Los Angeles magazine and the former editor - in - chief of LA.com .
The Australian way of life is the envy of many outsiders because its foundations are built on Christian teachings , the Catholic Archbishop of Sydney Cardinal George Pell says .
In his Easter message , Cardinal Pell called on Australians of faith and no faith to give thanks for these influences and for the work of Christian agencies and communities that " pump the waters of life into the wider society " .
" We are not like ancient Roman society where up to 40 per cent were slaves , where women had almost no rights , where infanticide , especially of young girls , was common and where men and women gladiators fought one another to death as a spectator sport , " he said .
" Christianity changed all this . "
Cardinal Pell said modern daily life in Indonesia , China and India was different to Australia and few would claim it was better .
Mayor Robertson announced several new investments in Vancouver today as part of the 60 - day update of the Metro Vancouver Commerce program , which targeted international businesses during the Olympics .
“ Our work to use the Games to leverage investment in our economy is delivering results for Vancouver , ” said the Mayor .
“ We used the exposure of the Olympics to brand our City as the Green Capital – a place where high - growth businesses in the green economy should be investing .
It ’s been only eight weeks and already new companies are opening in Vancouver . ”
Mayor Robertson announced today five new investment deals for Vancouver following the work of the Metro Vancouver Commerce program .
These include :
A partnership between Vancouver energy management company Pulse Energy with Southfacing , to license Pulse ’s technology in the UK ;
Greenlight PM , an international management consultant firm from Spain , will open their North American headquarters in Vancouver ;
Pro-Special , a process management consulting firm from the Netherlands , will open an office in Vancouver ;
EPCM , a project management company from Germany that specializes in energy and clean technology , have established an office in Vancouver ;
Monetime , an American web start - up that chose to establish their head office in Vancouver over San Francisco .
Overall , the Metro Vancouver Commerce program has delivered almost $ 60 million in new investment throughout the region from the 2010 Winter Games in Vancouver – surpassing in 60 days what MVC had aimed to achieve by November 2011 .
Other green business projects include a $ 15 million investment in the District of North Vancouver for an Air Liquide / H - Tec plant , which will supply fuel for TransLink ’s hydrogen buses .
The return on investment for the Metro Vancouver Commerce program after 60 days is 415 % .
More deals for Vancouver and the region will be announced in the coming weeks .
“ Our work to attract and promote green businesses is making Vancouver and the region more competitive , and is helping our local economy grow , ” said the Mayor .
“ Companies are attracted to Vancouver because they see new business opportunities , whether it ’s our highly - educated diverse workforce , our budding clusters in clean tech and energy efficiency , or our proximity to the Pacific Rim .
The time and effort we put in throughout the Games to attract new investment and businesses to Vancouver is paying off . ”
Long running CBS soap opera .
From November 22,1963 , so there will be interuptions .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : cingram - - September 25 , 2014
Subject : The World Turns , Indeed
Here are the last minutes of normalcy before the country faced a great national tragedy .
The first bulletin occurs at the ten - minute mark .
Most interesting is how CBS returned to the show ( and its commercials ) several times .
That would never happen today .
The actors on " As The World Turns " did not " stand by . "
They continued to perform on the show , though some of them heard from the crew what was happening .
The show was completed , but as seen here , most of it did not air on the network .
A copy of the complete episode , videotaped , without interruptions , exists at the Paley Center for Media .
Just another typical television day in 1963 , until suddenly it was n't .
- September 25 , 2014 The World Turns , Indeed
Reviewer : Classic_TV_and_Radio_Fan - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 11 , 2012
Subject : Do You Understaaand ?
Wow .
Just wow .
WOW !
It 's classic TV and classic TV history and American history all at the same time !
- July 11 , 2012 Do You Understaaand ?
Reviewer : MiscVideos78rpm - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 19 , 2011
Subject : LICENSE
Can somebody please put a public domain Creative Commons license on this .
Last time I checked , there was one on here .
- May 19 , 2011LICENSE
Reviewer : rpforrest - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 27 , 2010
Subject : Live programming
As the World Turns was filmed live , so as the first reports of Kennedys assassination were heard , the actors had to stand by to wait and see what was going to happen , eventually they were told to go home as the show was canceled for today .... - June 27 , 2010
Live programming
Reviewer : Retro Lover - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 25 , 2010
Subject : License Can somebody put a Creative Commons public domain license on this , please ?
- June 25 , 2010
License
Reviewer : Jeremy Kemp - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 21 , 2008
Subject : Kennedy Assasination special bulletin
The program is interrupted at 17:40 with preliminary news of the assassination attempt of President John F. Kennedy .
- November 21 , 2008 Kennedy Assasination special bulletin
In part I , I described the appeal of and demand for electric bikes , and mentioned that three trends bode well for them in the Pacific Northwest and the rest of North America .
Battery - juiced two - wheelers could finally break out of their current status as transportation novelties , helping us rise to challenges as great as climate change , oil addiction , and recession .
In this post , I detail these trends .
Technology , overseas markets , and political trends all bring good portents for e-bikes .
Find this article interesting ?
Please consider making a gift to support our work .
Trend 1 . Technical innovation keeps improving electric bikes .
The latest Giant , with lithium ion batteries , reportedly has a real - life battery range of 50 miles , doubling what previous models achieved .
Sanyo has introduced a European style city bike ( pictured on the left ) with impressive power - system integration .
Trek , a leading American bike maker has entered the e-bike market with designs that may prove appealing to muscle - powered cyclists because of their high - performance feel ( pictured on the right ) .
Meanwhile , garage inventors keep coming up with intriguing innovations like the StokeMonkey ( which I described previously ) ; Electric Mountain Drive from Oregon ’s Ecospeed ( pictured atop this post ) ; and this VoltWagon electrified trailerthat hitches to a regular bike and hauls cargo effortlessly .
Luckily for e-bike makers , advanced battery research is in its heyday , thanks to billions of dollars of investment from public and private institutions around the world .
The hunt is on for better batteries not only because they ’re essential to electrifying transportation and getting the world off of oil but also because they ’re needed to harness intermittent , renewable power sources such as the sun and the wind .
As battery improvements emerge , electric bikes stand to gain quickly .
. . .
Trend 2 . Electric bikes are spreading like wildfire in China and are catching on in parts of Europe as well .
As David Goodman recently wrote in the New York Times :
In China , an estimated 120 million electric bicycles now hum along the roads , up from a few thousand in the 1990s .
They are replacing traditional bikes and motorcycles at a rapid clip and , in many cases , allowing people to put off the switch to cars .
. . .
From virtually nothing a decade ago , electric bikes have become an $ 11 billion global industry .
In the Netherlands , a third of the money spent on bicycles last year went to electric - powered models .
Industry experts predict similar growth elsewhere in Europe , especially in Germany , France and Italy , as rising interest in cycling coincides with an aging population .
India had virtually no sales until two years ago , but its nascent market is fast expanding and could eclipse Europe ’s in the next year .
China reportedly had 56,000 electric bikes in 1998 .
Getting to 120 million in 12 years ’ time is a phenomenal change , even in a country as populous as China , and e-bikes do n’t appear to be slowing : USA Today reports that sales in China are expected to reach a staggering 22 million in 2010 alone , bringing the number of e-bike owners in the country to one tenth of the population .
It ’s an impressive example of electrifying the transportation sector .
It ’s also good news for e-bike prices : mass production on that scale has brought production costs down , and just as Chinese - made motor cycles have spread quickly in Asia and Africa , e- bikes are now radiating from China as well .
. . .
Trend 3 . Political trends are encouraging for electric bikes as well .
Despite disappointment at Copenhagen and slow progress on a climate bill in Washington , DC , climate change , oil addiction , and the chance to transition to a job - generating clean - energy economy remain potent political issues across much of the industrial world , prominently including the Pacific Northwest .
To seize the opportunity for a clean - energy revolution and move beyond carbon , we need to get completely off coal and oil quickly .
Efficiency , compact communities , and transportation alternatives are our best friends in these tasks .
But even with great success on all these strategies , we will still need some way to propel our trains , buses , trucks , and cars .
The main no -carbon candidates are biofuels and electricity .
We ’ll need some of each , but electricity has tremendous advantages .
It can come from many different carbon - free sources , can travel easily by wire , and can integrate the transportation sector with the rest of the electric grid in ways that make each stronger and more economical .
An impressive array of political and industry leaders have recognized and embraced the pivotal role the electrification of transportation can play in advancing a clean - energy economy .
That ’s why , for example , the 2009 US federal stimulus included a bevy of investments in research on advanced batteries and electric vehicles .
Electrifying bikes is a perfect first step in pursuit of vehicle electrification , because battery - assisted two wheelers are an easier engineering challenge than are electric cars .
Frank Jamerson of Electric Bike World Report told USA
Today , “ The electric bike is the first wave of the electrification of the personal transportation industry . ”
Vehicle electrification is an energy storage problem , not a propulsion problem .
Electric motors are much more efficient than fossil - fueled engines , but storing e
lectricity is dramatically harder than is storing liquid fuels .
For example , you can fill the tank of a gasoline - powered car in five minutes then drive on that fuel for several hours at highway speeds .
Conversely , you need to recharge the Tesla Roadster , a $ 100,000 all - electric sports car , for roughly an hour for each hour of highway driving .
( It takes 3.5 hours to charge fully .
Its range is 244 miles , which it could cover in 3.5 hours at 70 mph .
A Chevy Volt , which takes longer to recharge , has an electric - only range of 40 miles , after which it runs on a separate gasoline engine . )
Simple physics favor e-bikes over e-cars .
Bicycles , even ones loaded with batteries , weigh less than their riders .
Electric cars , in contrast , weigh many multiples as much as their drivers .
Consequently , most of e-bikes ’ battery charge can be spent moving the mass of the rider , but most of electric cars ’ charge must be spent moving the bulk of the car itself .
What ’s more , part of e-bikes ’ energy comes from leg muscles , again reducing the required battery power .
In auto parlance , e-bikes have human - electric hybrid drives .
For these reasons , electric bikes are in the cat bird seat of electrified transportation at a time when many forces are aligned to speed electrification .
. . .
This alignment of interests ( trend 3 ) coincides with rapid technical progress ( trend 1 ) and huge economies of scale coming from China ( trend 2 ) .
Together , surely these trends will push electric bikes into the mainstream of personal transportation , at least in good weather , at least in urban parts of the bike - and tech - loving Northwest .
Many observers think so .
Many marketers think so .
Big - box retailer Best Buy is confident enough that it has introduced e-bikes and other small electric vehicles to a Portland outlet in 2009 and is rolling them into more Northwest stores in 2010 .
Maybe electric bikes are on the verge of breaking through in the Pacific Northwest , spreading contagiously as they have in China .
But maybe they are not .
Maybe the barriers to electric bikes are different in North America than in China or Europe .
Whether or not you should buy one does n’t depend on this question .
But our public policies with regard to electric bikes , and perhaps with regard to other electric vehicles , depend on what ’s blocking e-bikes in North America .
If it ’s just a matter of pushing them to a market tipping point , public subsidies can help — the subject of my next post .
Read the next installment of this five - part series , “ Flipping the Switch . ”
The problem ' cannot be solved through minor tinkering , ' the head of the Congressional Budget Office said Thursday morning .
CBO chief says debt ' unsustainable '
The nation ’s fiscal path is “ unsustainable , ” and the problem “ cannot be solved through minor tinkering , ” the head of the Congressional Budget Office said Thursday morning .
Doug Elmendorf , best known for arbitrating the costs of various health care proposals , added his voice to a growing chorus of economic experts who predict dire consequences if political leaders do n’t scale back spending , increase taxes or both — and soon .
Advertisement
Elmendorf noted a recent CBO report that pegged an increase in the public debt from $ 7.5 trillion at the end of 2009 to $ 20.3 trillion at the end of 2020 if President Barack Obama ’s fiscal 2011 budget were to be implemented as written .
As a percentage of gross domestic product , the debt would rise from 53 percent to 90 percent , CBO forecasted .
The last time the percentage was that high was right after World War II .
Elmendorf ’s remarks to reporters at a breakfast sponsored by the Christian Science Monitor echo the recent sentiments of a pair of Federal Reserve chiefs — the current head , Ben Bernanke , and former Chairman Paul Volcker .
Volcker said earlier this week that the U.S. should consider adopting a value - added tax , an idea he described as being less toxic than it has been in the past .
“ If at the end of the day we need to raise taxes , we should raise taxes , ” Volcker said .
On Wednesday , Bernanke said in a speech in Dallas that the government must cut entitlements or raise taxes .
“ These choices are difficult , and it always seems easier to put them off — until the day they can not be put off anymore , ” Bernanke said .
There ’s little apparent political appetite to do either .
While the president created a fiscal reform commission earlier this year , his budget calls for an extension of most of President George W. Bush ’s 2001 and 2003 tax cuts and no major restructuring of the popular entitlement programs that constitute the lion ’s share of the federal budget .
Elmendorf also defended his agency ’s role in the health care debate , saying the back and forth between CBO and members of Congress over scoring different policy proposals is typical fare .
“ I do n’t think we were gamed , ” Elmendorf said , describing the process on the health care law as “ very similar ” to that of other major pieces of legislation .
“ I ’m very comfortable with the numbers we released , ” he said .
Parliament
We talk to 3 people standing for Parliament in the next election , all aged over 55 .
What can experience bring over youth ?
Duration : 37:07
Published last Monday , the Stern Review sets a new benchmark in discussions of rape and sexual assault by describing victims in gender - neutral language .
Male rape was only recognised by English and Welsh law in 1994 and as a result there is little statistical history , with what there is varying wildly .
According to the Stern Review , the victim is male in around 8 % of all recorded rape cases .
The unrecorded figure is thought to be far higher .
UK charity Mankind suggests that three in 20 men are victims of sexual violence – a figure that corresponds with statistics in the United States .
Neither takes into account instances of rape within prisons – to which there is a collective state of denial in the UK relative to the US .
Rape and sexual assault are seen as women 's issues – the victims are female , the perpetrators male .
But it is no longer acceptable to pretend , as some do , that rape and sexual assault are only committed by men against women .
The proportion of men who go on to report sexual assault is extremely low and the number of victims greater than the government or media coverage would suggest .
Male rape victims face an enormous amount of social prejudice in coming forward .
One organisation working with male victims told the Stern Review : " Very few men will access the police to report a rape , they do n't want to feel less of a man , do n't want to be regarded as gay . "
The problem of reporting is a serious one .
The British Crime Survey 2001 / 2 reported that while 4.2 % of women and 4.2 % of men said they had been victims of domestic violence in the past year , only 19 % of men went on to report it compared with 81 % of women .
Last year ChildLine reported that having " specifically targeted boys , hoping to reassure them that it was not a sign of weakness to ask for help " they had seen a 196 % increase in those who reported sexual abuse since 1991 / 2 .
It would seem that with the stigma removed male victims come forward .
Sexual discrimination often stems from assumptions about gender ; for example , that men are strong and able to cope while women are weak and vulnerable .
Feminism has done much to challenge this gender - essentialist view .
However , both men and women can still be persecuted for not conforming to gender stereotypes .
Not only does society 's persistence in equating " feminine " with " inferior " result in continuing discrimination against women , it also results in discrimination against men perceived to have transgressed masculine norms .
An extreme example of this is the homophobic equating of effeminacy with homosexuality in men .
A recent study by Stonewall showed that boys who act " like girls " are the second most affected group by homophobic language within schools – above those pupils who are openly lesbian , gay or bisexual .
Similarly , the homophobic obsession with anal sex arguably has less to do with the act itself – increasingly acceptable in heterosexual discourse – than the perception that a man is denigrating himself by taking on what is perceived to be the passive , feminine role .
These are the prejudices that victims of male - male rape face .
However , while the Stern Review is gender neutral in its discussion of victims , it remains committed to the view that the perpetrators are uniquely male .
The report acknowledges the important role the law plays in shaping public opinion , citing polls that " show that the majority of people have a view of who is to blame for rape that is in line with the definition of rape found in the law " .
This would suggest that the existing law , which always views the man as the agent in sex , makes it almost inconceivable for a man to report sexual assault by a woman .
Yet it does happen and denying it not only discriminates against those victims of female - male rape but also maintains a masculine discourse in which " real men " are agents and never victims .
Furthermore , by always portraying the man as the agent and denying that men can also be anxious , passive or vulnerable , society prescribes a masculine behaviour that is distinctly aggressive .
Recent high - profile cases , such as those of Vanessa George and Madeleine Martin , force us to confront the gender essentialism that suggests sexual violence is a male preserve .
And yet , the kind of commentary given here by Barbara Ellen demonises men while covertly reinforcing traditional gender assumptions which assign a nurturing nature and passive sexuality to women and an aggressive nature and sexuality to men .
What 's more , it compounds the sexual discrimination faced by male victims , describing victims of sexual assault in almost solely female terms and depicting male victims as an emasculated minority .
Feminism has done much to enable these conversations through the dismantling of gender .
Society needs to take heed and challenge those gender essentialists , including some feminists , who erect further binaries .
Being a victim of sexual assault is not determined by gender , and by pretending it is gender essentialism fails both men and women .
It dictates the terms of the debate , it tells us how to be .
Only by doing away with it all together can we achieve feminism 's objectives of gender and sexual equality for all .
• Thanks to TheOverduck for his suggestion which inspired the commission of this article
Valve ’s Portal contained such solid writing that even if the gameplay had fallen flat , we probably still would have been entertained .
Do n’t expect the series to lose any of its wit , because as the sequel has grown in size , so has the writing team .
While Valve scribe Erik Wolpaw almost exclusively wrote the first game , for Portal 2 he ’ll be joined by another OldManMurray.com alumni , Chet Faliszek , as well as Jay Pinkerton , a humorist from NationalLampoon.com and Cracked.com .
We wondered what inspired this writing team , how they worked together on Left 4 Dead 2 , and what has been the most exciting aspect of writing for Portal 2 , so we got all three of them into a room and let them loose .
Erik Wolpaw Chet Faliszek Jay Pinkerton
To start , could we go around the table and have you guys tell us how you all got started working at Valve ?
Faliszek : Eric and I had written for the website OldManMurray.com a long time ago .
Eric had gone on to work at Double Fine Productions ( Brütal Legend ) , but then one day , Gabe Newell sent us this e-mail , “ Do you want a job at Valve ? ”
We kind of thought it was a joke at first , so we wrote him back , “ Can you give us any more information ? ”
He said , “ No . Come on out . ”
So we came out for a couple days , and after the end of the first couple days we kind of decided that we liked it , and we ’d give it a chance .
I remember sitting in a coffee shop thinking , “ we do n't want to uproot everything yet .
We 'll give them a month . ”
Wolpaw :
We knew Valve would be a good place , but we had no idea exactly what we were going to do .
Faliszek :
That first month we were pretty sure we were going to get fired .
In fact it was probably every month for the first six months we were expecting to get fired .
Wolpaw : Valve does this thing where they hire people that they think are smart – which was a huge mistake on their part in this case – and who they think will help them , but they do n't always have the position for them yet .
So you kind of wander the halls wondering what it is you 're supposed to do .
Faliszek : Seriously , early on , if they had needed someone to move boxes , I 'd have been like , “ All right !
Work , finally . ”
Wolpaw : Really , we were n't doing anything .
Gabe ’s thing is , since he's in charge of everything , he ’s like , “ Just go to the team and tell them what you want to do , and they 'll just do it . ”
But you can't walk into a place where people have known each other for 10 years and just take charge .
Faliszek : “ You guys made Half - Life 2 . Failure !
We are going to start all over . ”
Wolpaw :
That was another thing ; we started just days after Half - Life 2 shipped , so the company was kind of riding high .
And because it was right after this huge game with such a long development process , everybody was decompressing .
So , it was n't even like there was a lot going on at Valve at that point .
But you know , five years later we ’re still here .
We found something to do eventually .
Pinkerton : Oh , my turn .
I was working a crap job in Toronto , Canada .
I was a proposal writer , and I had read OldManMurray.com and SeanBaby.com .
I wrote comedy , but the Internet was kind of just starting out back then .
I remember I would write articles for National Lampoon and Modern Humorist , and I quickly realized that I got 200 bucks to write an article , but I got 500 bucks if I laid it out as well , so I started learning HTML and Java and all that .
At some point I just started running National Lampoon ’s site for them and later I became an editor at Cracked .com .
I was constantly trying to get Eric and Chet to write for us .
“ Do you want to write for us , because you 're the funniest guys ever ? ”
And , I guess that 's the moral , just kissing ass , because at some point somebody asked Erik if he knew any good comedy writers , and Erik recommended me .
At that time , I was thinking the bubble had collapsed on the Internet .
I had gone from earning $ 250 an article to $ 50 bucks an article , and I was just watching magazine after magazine go under .
So I 'm sitting there in the publishing industry , and it's all gloom and doom , and then it was like , “ Do you want to come out to Seattle and write video games and have money fights ? ”
And I was like , “ okay , that sounds fantastic . ”
How do you approach writing a game like Portal 2 ?
Wolpaw : A lot of the story comes from just talking it out and seeing what ’s interesting and seeing if our ideas fit into the gameplay .
Like with any game there are a lot of gameplay experiments you have to do first , and we try to keep up with that and think about , “ Okay , if this element is in there , what does this do to the story ?
Can we wrap this around the story ? ”
We try to make the story work well with the gameplay .
For example – this is n’t an actual idea – but if the gameplay dictated that Portal 2 go out into the Half - Life 2 universe and you were out in City 17 with the portal gun , that ’s not a decision we would drive as writers .
That would be a gameplay decision , so we ’d try to craft the story around that .
It tends to work in sort of broad strokes , then you narrow in as the gameplay gets refined .
With most of the games we ’ve worked on , including Left 4 Dead , the final audio , the final dialogue , and all the little finishing details of the story , which is probably 80 percent of the actual game , comes pretty late in the process .
The gameplay keeps changing , and you do n’t want to get stranded with some late gameplay element that you just have no dialogue for .
Faliszek :
Not only does the gameplay get done first , but after gameplay comes art , and art is like another month of work , so you might find that the joke you wrote about the boat does n’t work because the boat is now a truck .
Seriously , it just keeps changing .
You try to talk to everybody and stay informed , but a lot of the time artists will come up with good ideas as well , and we need to accommodate them .
There ’s also a point in development in which within a half - hour timeframe [ one of the lead programmers ,
Josh Weier ] could make a big gameplay change that ruins good dialogue … so it 's really Josh 's fault .
Pinkerton :
It also happens where you 're in the writers ' room and you ’re making each other laugh , and whatever you 're talking about balloons into this 10 - minute sketch , but you have to step back and think , “ Okay , the guy playing this game is not going to sit there for 10 minutes and listen to this and think it 's as funny as we think it is . ”
At some point you just have to do what the game requires .
Wolpaw :
There 's a book about the writers ' room for The Simpsons , and they seem to have the magic formula , which is two thirds goofing off and one third doing work .
It was the same way at Double Fine and any other time I 've done writing – maybe especially if it 's supposed to be funny writing .
We ’ve got to keep the energy up , because there 's nothing worse than everybody sitting around grumpy trying to write jokes .
There 's kind of a black art to it , keeping the energy up as long as you possibly can before it gets sucked out .
You probably have preconceived ideas what a character will be like beforehand , but does your writing change once an actor is on board and you know what that character will sound like ?
Wolpaw : Definitely , it makes it easier for us to write because we can imagine their voice .
It 's also easier for them , because the actors just get better once they have a sense for the character .
The trouble with game scripts versus movie scripts is that it 's tough to give the actor a script that 's a linear story .
It 's just this huge mass of contextual dialogue , so it 's really hard for them to understand the character , because they do n't have the story to read .
We try to describe it , but until we 've done a full session , they really are n't up to speed .
Pinkerton :
That 's why it ’s so helpful having actors who play games .
Wolpaw :
It 's scary though , because the casting is a few lines and you get a bunch of people auditioning , and you kind of think you know what they are going to be like , but you do n't know what it will really be like until you record .
Faliszek : That is what happened with Left 4 Dead .
Zoe is actually two different females .
We recast her , but we really liked some of the first girl ’s screams , so we kept those in .
She was a good screamer .
Faliszek :
We all try to go to the recording sessions , because the actors themselves come up with a lot of good stuff .
Eric Ladin [ Ellis in Left 4 Dead 2 ] comes up with a lot of funny stuff .
He ’s really good .
We work with the actors to create the character , so when we go back they can live in that space and they can ad - lib really well .
I just wish Nick could ad - lib without using words we can't put in the game .
Wolpaw : Nick from Left 4 Dead 2 is Hugh Dillion , who ’s –
Faliszek : He 's Jay 's boyfriend , er childhood hero .
Wolpaw : He ’s Canadian , and Jay 's Canadian .
Pinkerton :
He 's actually from the same small town in Canada that I 'm from , which is just astronomical in terms of odds .
I think we ’re the only two people to have left that city , and we both ended up on Left 4 Dead 2 .
Wolpaw :
He 's a legitimate tough guy , but that 's where their two paths diverge .
Faliszek : He scares me .
Pinkerton :
It 's not like only tough guys come from that town .
Like I mentioned to him that we were from the same town , and then he made me cry .
Faliszek : “ Why do I care about that ? ” is what I think he said .
What inspires you guys while you ’re writing ?
Pinkerton :
As much non-comedy as possible actually .
I kinda just read as many genres as possible .
You ’re always trying to fill up that tank of tidbits and information so you can draw on them when you need them .
Faliszek : Often , just weird little facts will help flesh out a scene and make it sound like you actually know what you 're talking about .
Pinkerton :
That 's the thing .
I 've never actually driven a tank , which you can probably figure out just by looking at me , but if you 're trying to write dialogue for somebody who has , and you ’re reading an interview about a soldier who has driven a tank , then you 're going to remember that and use some of that later .
I guess that 's what I mean when I say drawing from as many sources as possible .
When you 're trying to write all these characters and make them seem fleshed out you tend to be almost like a magpie .
Faliszek : Team Fortress was fun , because we knew we wanted to make it sounds like what Americans in the '60s would have imagined these people had sounded like , not what they actually sounded like , which I think got some positive reviews and some negative reviews .
Depending on what country you 're from , because as we updated each nationality that nationality would be outraged that we got the accents wrong .
Pinkerton :
It 's always best to cast someone who can do an accent already , so you 're not asking them to stretch too much during the recording .
Wolpaw :
We specifically did n't cast anybody for Left 4 Dead 2 who was going to have to put on an accent .
Even Virgil sounds a little bit over the top .
He ’s this Cajun boat guy , but even then we flew a local actor in from Louisiana who was a genuine speaker of the Cajun slang .
Faliszek :
We would just tell him , “ say ' come to the boat . ' ”
And he would go back through and say it the authentic Cajun way .
Otherwise we probably would have just put the word “ guarantee ” after everything .
Pinkerton :
That 's the secret to writing a game , you do n’t really write at all .
You just lean very heavily on the actors .
What are you having the most fun doing with Portal 2 ?
Wolpaw :
We 're having fun fleshing out the different personality spheres .
Part of it is , since they 're not human and you spend most of the time carrying them around , you can do a lot of bits with them without making a ton of work for somebody else .
Like the animators are n't pulling their hair out with all the stuff we 've decided to do .
It 's kind of fun because you can take old comedy tropes , and you can do them in the game .
You 've never actually participated in these old bits of physical comedy before .
It 's kind of like going back to Half - Life 1 where we took these science fiction tropes and rehabilitated them by the fact that you got to participate .
There 's some comedy bits you may have seen a hundred times before elsewhere , but now you get to participate in them .
Pinkerton :
It 's also fun just to explore the ongoing relationship between the two leads .
Wolpaw :
It ’s challenging but thinking of new things for GLaDOS to do and say is interesting .
And seeing all the new art – and actually having artists now , because we are n’t just six people this time – we can say , “ We 'd love to be able to do this , ” and then having the artist give you the thumbs up , that 's nice .
We 've cast some actors that I do n’t think we ’re ready to talk about who yet , but we ’re excited to think about the character voices in terms of who ’s actually going to be doing those voices .
It 's always kind of fun when you 're thinking about these twists and turns and then imaging what it 's going to be like for somebody to finally experience that .
Portal 2 has a lot of new characters .
What is the process like when you go about adding new personalities to this world ?
Wolpaw :
At first we talk about it .
We took some long walks and tried to think up a scene or a character , and then we ’d ask ourselves what was interesting about this guy .
Pinkerton :
If you see two or three guys walking around Bellevue shrieking at each other , it 's probably us .
Wolpaw : Jay is so loud that just the other day we were doing this , and an old guy disciplined him .
Pinkerton :
He told me , “ You do n't have to be so loud . ”
I think he was getting mad at me , so blame him because I do n't think we got anything else done that day .
I was so shamed .
But a lot of the times we ’re just riffing off the gameplay , and we ’re trying to find the voice of the characters , so we ’re trying on different hats .
How much mileage can we get out of this one thing ?
Wolpaw : Because Portal 2 is bigger and Valve is bigger , we can actually toss around real actors .
Not that people in our games are n't real actors , but now we can dream up a cast .
What if we had this person ?
We do n't have Norm McDonald in the game , but for instance we could say , “ What if this guy sounded like Norm McDonald ? ”
Pinkerton : Prince , we can reveal that now .
Prince is in Portal 2 .
[ He ’s joking …we think .
– Ed. ]
Basically , it ’s just long walks and trying to find plot holes in things and undermine the other person .
Faliszek : Jay has this crazy thing where things have to make sense .
Wolpaw : Yeah that 's Jay 's Canadian weirdness .
It does n't make any difference .
Things do n't always have to make perfect sense .
An Indian minister ’s visit and a private meeting with Premier Dalton McGuinty have unleashed a political maelstrom among Sikhs in the Toronto area , who say they will work to unseat the Liberals .
“ Unless they make amends quickly , the Liberals will definitely lose this community ’s votes , ” said Harbans Jandali , president of Ontario Sikh and Gurdwara Council .
“ This is a sensitive issue for the Sikhs . ”
Jandali , along with almost 500 other Sikh demonstrators , was outside the King Edward Hotel in downtown Toronto where Kamal Nath , minister of road transport and highways in India , addressed the Canada - India Business Council .
Nath is accused of helping organize deadly riots against Sikhs in November 1984 after the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards in New Delhi .
More than 3,000 Sikhs were killed in four days across India .
Demonstrators , occupying sidewalks in front of the hotel Tuesday , screamed : “ Go back , Kamal Nath ” and “ Kamal Nath : Killer of Sikhs . ”
The community began protesting Nath ’s visit earlier in the week and Liberal MPPs for the Brampton area have been on the receiving end of many angry emails from Sikhs .
But the opposition reached a frenzy after news broke of the Indian minister ’s meeting with McGuinty .
“ We had hoped that the government would listen to us and his visit would end , ” said Lovleen Kaur , a York University student and one of organizers of the protest .
“ We did n’t want to do this , ” she said pointing at the angry crowd .
But McGuinty defended the 30 - minute tete - a- tete behind closed doors with Nath on Tuesday .
McGuinty , who said earlier this week he was unaware of the allegations against Nath despite two previous meetings with him on trade missions to India , told reporters that he prefers a policy of “ open engagement ” with foreign dignitaries to show how people of many ethnic backgrounds get along in the province .
As the controversy grew Tuesday , McGuinty ’s office released a statement commenting on the deadly 1984 riots — the worst since India ’s independence in 1947 — saying , “ I know many of our fellow Ontarians still feel the pain of these events very deeply , and I want to convey our sympathies . ”
However , officials for McGuinty said human rights issues were not raised at the meeting with Nath , where trade was the main topic .
Given his large contingent of South Asian MPPs and having been to India twice , McGuinty should be more plugged in to the concerns surrounding people he ’s meeting from that region , said NDP leader Andrea Horwath .
“ I think it ’s insensitive in the extreme that the premier would be entertaining Mr. Nath , a person who is obviously a very polarizing , very divisive figure , ” she said .
Nath has refuted claims that he led any mob .
He told a commission in India in 2000 that he arrived at the scene of a riot in New Delhi after learning of escalating violence but he claims to have left when police arrived .
The commission indicted Nath but could not determine whether he was involved .
On Tuesday , he told the Star : “ I have never been indicted by any commission of inquiry , nor have I been charged in a police station or before a court of law for any offence relating to violence against the members of the Sikh community . ”
He said some years ago , “ a complaint made by a person of dubious motivation was , nevertheless , examined by the Nanavati Commission , which found it baseless .
The commission held that there was no evidence whatsoever that I had , in any manner , instigated any mob or was ever involved in any attack on any gurdwara . ”
Nath said he has consistently condemned violence that erupted after Gandhi ’s assassination .
“ I am surprised and appalled by this protest because I have been coming here for 20 years and nobody ever complained , ” said Nath .
Sikhs acknowledge that but say his visits have been deliberately kept under wraps because they rankle the community .
But a spokeswoman for McGuinty insisted government officials did not go out of their way to keep the meeting with Nath a secret
Meanwhile , a Sikh lawyer said Canada has violated constitutional law by allowing Nath entry into Canada even though he is accused of human rights violations .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ The constitution bars anyone involved in human - rights abuses , even if they have not been formally charged or convicted , ” said Gurpatwant Pannu , a lawyer for Sikhs for Justice , an advocacy group .
He said he will challenge his admission in the federal court on Wednesday .
“ He ( Nath ) is here now but we want to make sure that he never comes to Canada again . ”
With files from Haroon Siddiqui
Read more about :
This is not one of Philip K. Dick 's typical novels .
The plot is linear and coherent , and at no point are any of the major characters confronted with the awful possibility that the universe as they experience it may be only apparently real .
Unfortunately this also means that as Dick novels go , this is not a particularly good one .
Originally published as The Crack in Space in 1966 , but written a couple of years earlier during the author 's most prolific period , this book is essentially an unsuccessful attempt to grapple with the issues of overpopulation and racism .
The year is 2080 .
Jim Briskin , the Liberal - Republican candidate for the presidency of the United States , hopes to unseat the incumbent Bill Schwartz , of the States Rights Conservative Democrats .
Briskin is a former TV " newsclown " ( presumably at least in part a reference to comedy actor Ronald Reagan ) who hopes to become the first Negro ( sic ) president .
It 's a nice coincidence that as I type , Arnold Schwarzenegger , who starred in the film version of Dick 's " We Can Remember It For You , Wholesale " , is campaigning to succeed Reagan as governor of California .
The overpopulation problem in Cantata 140 appears to be something that affects the United States alone , perhaps due to the development of anti-aging treatments that allow people to continue working well past their hundredth birthday .
The government 's attempts to deal with it by legalised prostitution , semi-compulsory abortion and putting large numbers of the lower classes into suspended animation seem about as realistic as Isaac Asimov 's proposal , in one of his non-fiction books , to stop the population explosion by encouraging masturbation and homosexuality .
( Not that there 's anything wrong with either masturbation or homosexuality , but please let 's be realistic about the benefits ! )
The treatment of racism is muted .
All non -white groups are generally referred to as " Cols " , presumably short for " coloureds " , and it 's implied that the government has sinister plans to minimise their numbers and influence , to the point of the Vice - President 's links with an extremist organisation that attempts to assassinate Briskin ( with a weapon whose nature is not satisfactorily explained ) .
But we learn nothing about Briskin's own social or family background , and little about social conditions for the various ethnic groups .
The setting appears to be 1960's California with a few extra gadgets ; the world outside the USA is barely mentioned ( not counting parallel universes ) .
The gadgets are a nice touch .
They include taxis that can take you straight to orbit , and the " Jiffi- scuttler " which is an instantaneous transport system whose details are not otherwise made clear .
The core of the plot concerns one such machine which develops a leak to a parallel world which Briskin seizes on as his solution to the overpopulation problem - wake up the sleepers in suspended animation ( " Wachet auf ! " is Bach 's Cantata 140 , hence the title ) and let them go through the leak and colonise it !
The consequent political tussles are diverting but not convincing .
In any case the classic " my house has unexpectedly developed a doorway into another dimension " story , pioneered by Lewis Carroll , was done much better around this time by Clifford Simak in " The Big Front Yard " and has not been equalled since ( certainly not by Robert Sawyer 's dismal Hominids , which benefited from this year 's Worldcon location to win the Hugo ) .
A few standard Dick themes are present .
The sinister government conspiracy mentioned above is one ; the idea of emigration from earth to a better place is another .
The parallel universe is a nod in the direction of alternate perceptions of reality though a tame one by Dick 's usual standards .
The character George Walt , conjoined twins with one head but two brains and two bodies , is clearly an echo of Dick 's obsession with his own twin brother who died at birth .
The plot gets a little confused and frantic towards the end , but I felt more because of carelessness than authorial grand design .
The presentation of the book is somewhat disappointing .
The title as originally published is nowhere mentioned , and there are some silly misprints ( " deeps- ace " for " deep - space " , " prose " for " pro's " , " facet " for " fact " ) which would surely have been caught by any proof - reader who was actually awake .
The attractive cover by Chris Moore has little obvious relationship with the story .
Unless you are a Dick completist , you can probably give this one a miss .
Review by Nicholas Whyte .
Elsewhere in infinity plus :
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/5\/57\/Build-a-Talk-Box-Step-5.jpg\/v4-460px-Build-a-Talk-Box-Step-5.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/5\/57\/Build-a-Talk-Box-Step-5.jpg\/aid231289-v4-728px-Build-a-Talk-Box-Step-5.jpg " , " smallWidth" :460 , " smallHeight " :345 , " bigWidth " : " 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br>
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"}
5 Insert the speaker into the Tupperware container . [ 2 ]
Make sure the circuit board is outside the container , only the wires and the speaker go inside .
Make sure the circuit board is outside the container , only the wires and the speaker go inside .
{ " smallUrl " : " https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/6\/6d\/Build-a-Talk-Box-Step-10.jpg\/v4-460px-Build-a-Talk-Box-Step-10.jpg " , " bigUrl " : " \/ images\/thumb\/6\/6d\/Build-a-Talk-Box-Step-10.jpg\/aid231289-v4-728px-Build-a-Talk-Box-Step-10.jpg " ," smallWidth" :460 ," smallHeight":345 ," bigWidth " :" 728 " , " bigHeight " : " 546 " , " licensing " : " < div class= \ " mw- parser-output \ " >< p >
License : < a target= \" _blank\ " rel= \" nofollow noreferrer noopener \ " class= \" external text \ " href= \ " https:\/\/creativecommons.org\/licenses\/by-nc-sa\/3.0\/\"
>Creative Commons<\/a>< br >
<\/p><p>< br \/>
<\/p><\/div>"} 10 Insert your tubing in the hole . [ 3 ]
The tubing should be 1/2 " away from the speaker cone at most .
The tube must not touch the speaker cone or it wo n't work .
The tubing should be 1/2 " away from the speaker cone at most .
In the last several posts I wrote featuring video clips from the “ Convergence 2010 : A Cry to Awaken A Nation ” conference , I tried to note the rather new development of Religious Right activists like Harry Jackson , Jim Garlow , and Janet Porter joining forces with self - proclaimed “ prophetic intercessors ” like Lou Engle or , in this case , Cindy Jacobs of Generals International , which hosted this particular conference .
But frankly , aside from the fervent praying and occasional speaking in tongues , nothing any of these Religious Right leaders said at this conference was all that different from the sorts of things you hear at any Religious Right conference .
The difference in this case was the host , Cindy Jacobs and her Generals International .
And written descriptions just cannot do justice to her style of speaking and activism , which is wholly different from what we normally see at Religious Right conferences .
As such , I have put together this video of Jacobs closing out the “ Convergence 2010 ” conference where she recounts the time she had an amazing visitation with God during which he showed her Seraphim and set her bedroom on fire , before she set about about casting out demons , lifting curses , and conducting faith healings of everything from AIDS to Hepatitis C to Glaucoma and even Cancer :
It should also be noted this sort of overlap is becoming more and more common , as both Jacobs and Engle have been invited to the upcoming Freedom Federation summit next month at Liberty University along with elected officials like Virgina Governor Bob McDonnell , VA Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli and Govs.
Tim Pawlenty and Rick Perry .
In a report issued last week , the International Narcotics Control Board ( INCB ) , a U.N. agency based in Vienna , bemoans recent moves toward drug decriminalization in Latin America :
The Board notes with concern that in countries in South America , such as Argentina , Brazil and Colombia ( and in countries in North America , such as Mexico and the United States ) , there is a growing movement to decriminalize the possession of controlled drugs , in particular cannabis , for personal use .
Regrettably , influential personalities , including former high - level politicians in countries in South America , have publicly expressed their support for that movement .
The Board is concerned that the movement , if not resolutely countered by the respective Governments , will undermine national and international efforts to combat the abuse of and illicit trafficking in narcotic drugs .
In any case , the movement poses a threat to the coherence and effectiveness of the international drug control system and sends the wrong message to the general public .
Is the INCB right to worry that reducing or eliminating criminal penalties for possessing small quantities of illegal drugs will undermine international efforts to block the production and distribution of those substances ?
That is the board 's excuse for meddling in the domestic policies of the countries that have adopted a less punitive approach to drug users , but it is hard to imagine how " the international drug control system " could become more farcical than it already is .
The INCB is right that locking up people who assist drug use does not make much sense when the actual users are not doing anything worthy of punishment .
But since when have prohibitionists , who arbitrarily distinguish between intoxicants based on nothing more than prejudice and historical accident , been concerned about making sense ?
To say that decriminalizing drug use " poses a threat to the coherence and effectiveness of the international drug control system " is like saying that a malfunctioning Teleprompter poses a threat to the coherence and effectiveness of the Swedish Chef .
More on Latin American deviation from hard - line prohibitionism here , here , and here .
White House Shifts Away From ‘ War on Drugs ’ Rhetoric
Created : March 18 , 2010 06:00 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
The Obama administration has signaled shifts on needle exchanges and other harm reduction policies .
Quietly , free of headlines and fanfare , the Obama White House is toning down the bellicose “ war - on - drugs ” position that ’s defined the country ’s narcotics policy for the last 25 years .
Appearing in Vienna last week for the 53rd annual United Nations meeting on global drug policy , administration officials shifted away from the decades - old approach of attacking drug use as a crime to be penalized .
Instead they moved toward a strategy of tackling addiction as an illness to be treated , a number of health and human rights advocates who attended the event told TWI .
[ Congress1 ]
Drug reformers for years have promoted so - called “ harm reduction ” measures as a more effective and humane way to treat drug addiction and the diseases that often accompany it — an approach that runs counter to the punitive attitude epitomized by the Reagan administration ’s “ war on drugs . ”
And while the Obama White House — behind Gil Kerlikowske , the White House drug czar , and his deputy , Thomas McLellan — remains officially opposed to the hot - button harm reduction language , officials have also conceded that the current strategy is n’t working , advocates say .
That sharp break from past administrations has left reformers hopeful that the Obama White House will mark a new era in the nation ’s fight against drug abuse — one that prioritizes treatment and prevention above rap sheets and prison time .
“ There was virtually no reference to a criminal justice approach , ” Allan Clear , executive director of the Harm Reduction Coalition , an advocacy group , said of the U.S. delegation in Vienna .
“ I ’m just so used to being appalled by their behavior … It was very encouraging . ”
Deborah Peterson Small , executive director of Break the Chains , another group advocating for drug - policy reforms , agreed , noting a brand new willingness among White House officials to embrace certain elements of the harm reduction strategy .
When she spoke about treatment reforms to U.S. drug officials in Vienna in 2008 , Small said , the entire delegation walked out on her .
“ This year it was completely different , ” she said .
“ We finally had a sense that they were listening . ”
The comments mark quite a departure from those that drug reformers were making a year ago at the same U.N. event , where the Obama administration killed international efforts to include harm reduction language as part of a U.N. document that will guide the next decade ’s global drug policy .
Harm reduction refers to things like drug - substitute treatments and clean - needle exchanges — programs being tried ( with promising results ) in a number of countries to battle the spread of HIV / AIDS , Hepatitis C and other drug - related illnesses .
The White House has argued that the broad harm reduction language is “ ambiguous ” and could include controversial programs the administration does n’t support , including drug legalization , drug consumption rooms and heroin prescription initiatives .
But there are clear signs that the attitude is changing — and the policies are beginning to follow suit .
With Obama ’s vocal support , for example , Congress last year repealed the 21 - year - old ban on federal funding for needle exchange programs .
And last week in Vienna , not only did the United States endorse a new U.N. resolution promoting access to controlled medicines for legitimate medical purposes ( commonly considered to include drug dependency treatments , like methadone for heroin addiction ) , but it co-sponsored a separate declaration designed to tackle the treatment gap plaguing HIV patients .
The latter resolution , while it does n’t mention harm reduction specifically , references a U.N. technical guide promoting certain harm reduction measures , like needle exchange and opioid substitution therapy .
Rebecca Schleifer , advocate for the health and human rights division at Human Rights Watch , said this week that the HIV document represents “ the most vocal support ” the White House has ever given for HIV - treatment efforts focusing on human rights .
Opponents of needle exchange and other harm reduction measures argue that the human rights groups have misinterpreted the signals coming from the White House in Vienna .
“ If you read Kerlikowske ’s statement , ” said Lana Beck , spokeswoman for the Drug Free America Foundation , “ clearly there ’s nothing there to indicate any change . ”
That part is true .
The remarks prepared for Kerlikowske — officially the director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy , or ONDCP — reiterated the administration ’s opposition to the broader harm reduction language , arguing that the term “ creates unnecessary confusion ” and might be misused to “ promote drug use . ”
Still , drug reformers were quick to point out that the drug czar declined to include those passages when he addressed the crowd in Vienna — more evidence , they say , that the U.S. is consciously toning down its traditional war - on - drugs rhetoric .
“ Traditional advocates of harm reduction recognized that the United States was a different animal [ this year ] , ” Clear said .
The ONDCP did not return calls for comment .
For health and human rights advocates , there remains a long way to go .
Like any number of emotionally charged issues , drug policy is often dictated more by entrenched ideology than evidence - based rationality .
And on Capitol Hill , there remains a strong sense that drug users are criminals to be punished , not patients to be treated .
For proof , look no further than the debate over needle exchange .
Although a long list of public health organizations — including the National Institute of Medicine , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the World Health Organization and the American Public Health Association — had endorsed needle exchange as an effective way to reduce HIV / AIDS without increasing drug abuse , the politics of Washington kept the ban in place for more than two decades prior to last year ’s repeal .
Not that some lawmakers are n’t trying to reform the punitive mindset surrounding drug use .
Sen. Jim Webb ( D - Va. ) , for example , has long - criticized the criminal justice system for packing the nation ’s prisons with non-violent drug users .
A description of his reform proposal notes that the the war on drugs has n’t diminished drug use , it has n’t brought the multi-billion dollar drug industry under control , and it targets minority offenders disproportionately .
The system , he says , is “ broken , unfair , [ and ] locking up the wrong people . ”
The Senate Judiciary Committee approved the Webb proposal in January , leaving supporters hopeful that Democratic leaders will bring the bill to the chamber floor later this year .
Meanwhile , health and human rights advocates have vowed to continue their push for health - centered drug reforms , encouraged by the tone of a White House that seems ready to place a greater emphasis on treatment , health and human rights .
“ That would put us on par with most other countries — like Iran , ” Small quipped , “ instead of being the leading jailer in the world . ”
By using a quantum device to control a mechanical object , researchers have linked the mind - bending laws of quantum physics to the tangible , everyday world .
Until now , quantum physical behaviors were observed at atomic and subatomic scales , or in medium - sized molecules .
Now they ’ve been found in something that bumps and grinds , visible with nothing fancier than a high school lab - issue microscope .
“ At the macroscopic scale we live in , we do n’t see quantum effects at all , ” said Andrew Cleland , a University of California , Santa Barbara , physicist .
“ The goal of the experiment was to see if we could see quantum mechanical effects in a large , mechanical object . ”
The mechanical object used in the experiment , published March 17 in Nature and led by Cleland and fellow UCSB physicists John Martinis and Aaron O’Connell , is a 0.0002 millimeter - square wafer of quartzlike material bracketed by metal plates .
The wafer is a piezoelectric resonator , expanding and contracting in response to electrical voltages at a precise , extremely high frequency .
Cleland likened its expansion and contraction to the inflation and deflation of a balloon .
The quantum device is a qubit , a term that generically refers to a kind of quantum transistor being used for quantum computation , in this case made from an ultrathin aluminum - based superconductor .
At extremely cold temperatures , it goes quantum :
It exists in an oscillating waveform spanning an excited state , an unexcited state , or both simultaneously , all controlled by electrical currents .
With their experiment , the researchers have not only fulfilled a two decade - old dream of controlling quantum motion in micrometer - sized system , but “ opened the door for quantum control of truly macroscopic mechanical devices , ” wrote Aspelmeyer .
To do so , Cleland ’s team wired a qubit to a resonator , then cooled them to a fraction of a degree above absolute zero , the point at which all atomic motion nearly stops .
At this temperature , the vibrations of the atoms in the qubit and resonator are small enough to prevent them from interfering with quantum measurements .
When the researchers sent a pulse of energy into the qubit , the resulting energy quantum was transferred to the resonator , which fluctuated accordingly .
With extraordinarily acute vision , “ you ’d see it expanding and contracting .
You ’d see it vibrating .
These are quantum vibrations , ” said Cleland .
In a study published in September in Nature , Cleland ’s team coupled two qubits in what ’s known as quantum entanglement , in which the oscillations of one were linked to the oscillations of the other , even when physically distant .
That feat drew attention for demonstrating quantum properties in a large , visible system , but the properties themselves still belonged to electrons , in which quantum effects are routinely observed and controlled .
In a sense , it was the same old quantum physics .
The latest results occur in a new world , one that quantum physicists have tried to enter for nearly two decades .
In a commentary accompanying the paper , University of Vienna physicist Markus Aspelmeyer described the reaction of an audience of physicists to whom Cleland described the experiment ’s design .
“ Dead silence — and then roaring applause , ” he recalled .
One of the principles of quantum physics , illustrated by the Schrodinger ’s cat thought experiment , is that the act of measurement collapses an object ’s waveform into a single , observed state .
To get around this conundrum , the researchers used a repetitive measurement , preparing the system and then measuring its waveform millions of times .
At a precise moment during one trial , the resonator might be both in its expanded and its contracted state ; a single measurement forces it to “ choose ” which state to be in .
The quantum nature of its behavior emerged from the accumulated readings .
" If we do it enough times , we can assign a probability to the state at each point , " said Cleland .
According to Aspelmeyer , the findings could inform the design of storage devices used in quantum computers .
Cleland is n’t sure the system will be reliable enough for that , but thinks it could be used in exploring how the subatomic rules of quantum physics are manifested at higher scales .
Schrodinger ’s cat experiment is likely impossible , because the cat itself is a measuring device , said Cleland .
However , it might be possible with other large but inanimate objects linked to a quantum device .
“ If you had a tuning fork and got it cold enough , maybe that could behave quantum mechanically , ” he said .
Image : Schematic of the resonator - qubit system ./ Nature
See Also :
* Citations : " Quantum ground state and single - phonon control of a mechanical resonator . "
By A. D. O’Connell , M. Hofheinz , M. Ansmann , Radoslaw C. Bialczak , M. Lenander , Erik Lucero , M. Neeley , D. Sank , H. Wang , M. Weides , J. Wenner , John M. Martinis & A. N. Cleland .
Nature , March 18 , 2010 . *
" The surf is up . " By Markus Aspelmeyer .
Nature , March 18 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Meredith Whitney : Obama credit card reform makes it " more expensive to be poor "
( Fortune ) -- Meredith
Whitney made her name warning Wall Street hotshots that Citigroup was in serious trouble in 2007 , just ahead of the financial crisis .
Zeroing in on commercial banking has long been her specialty , but in a conversation with Fortune , she inverted her gaze , focusing on how the upheaval in big banking , especially in consumer credit , is affecting America 's middle class .
One thing remains the same : her outlook is grim .
Just days after Wall Street rejoiced at the report that America added the most jobs in three years and the Dow flirted with the 11,000 mark , Whitney stopped by to hold forth .
Her dark view of the economy is underpinned , she said , by a problem that has n't gone away : America , despite everything it 's been through , is still overleveraged .
Whitney argues that credit will -- indeed must -- continue to contract .
Yanking it away from consumers is one big way this will happen .
" The lower middle class gets squeezed , " says Whitney , estimating that banks and lenders will pull $ 2.7 trillion in outstanding credit lines by the end of 2011 .
" It [ will be ] more expensive for them to [ extend credit , which ] they had been doing more cheaply , through the financial system . "
Whitney 's warning shot in 2007 made her one of Wall Street 's first analysts to see that bad lending and rating standards across America had artificially raised the U.S. homeownership rate , and that banks were n't financially prepared for the equally unprecedented rates of consumer default .
" I 've always loved covering the consumer , selfishly , because the data is really good , " she says .
Consumer data also led her to predict continued huge reductions in credit .
Here 's a simplified version of Whitney 's analysis :
When homeownership rates jumped to 69 % in 2005 from a long - term average of 64 % the decade before , Whitney figured that 10 % of the U.S. population had only recently gained access to the credit that allowed them to buy their houses .
" And those were the guys most at risk , " she says .
This is precisely the class of borrowers being cut back out .
In May 2008 , Whitney guessed that $ 2 trillion would be slashed from unused credit card lines .
But six straight quarters of credit cuts later , shrinking bank balance sheets , and new credit card legislation caused Whitney to boost her estimate .
" It happened a lot faster than I expected , " she says .
That credit card legislation , which went into effect in February , may have been designed to protect consumers , but in a way , it 's also hurting them .
For example the rule that credit card companies must give customers a 60 - day warning before raising interest rates has caused particular consternation among lenders .
If banks can't instantly raise rates on the customers their computers say are more likely to default , they simply stop lending en masse .
" What I worry about , despite all these noble intentions , is what these policies are doing is actually pushing down the middle class into a really unfortunate position , " she says , " where it gets a lot more expensive to be poor . "
What 's the significance for banks and our economy ?
First , there will be fewer credit options for the 90 % of small businesses and consumers who revolve their credit card balances at least once a year .
Second , people cut out of the banking system who can't get by without credit will turn to small financial shops , including predatory lenders , and likely pay heavy fees and interest rates .
" The unintended consequence [ of reform ] is that so much more credit is going to be taken out of the system , " she says .
JESENICE , Slovenia -- Six Slovenian ice hockey players who beat up their American coach after winning a league title were released by the team Thursday .
Mike Posma , a former American Hockey League player who took over as coach last year , was beaten up by his players Saturday following Acroni Jesenice 's celebrations for winning the title .
The 42 - year - old New Jersey native was cut and bruised but not seriously injured .
The team denounced the incident Thursday and announced the end of the players ' contracts .
Club president Slavko Kanalec said the team was " shocked " and " strongly condemns " the incident .
The team said it also suspended further contract talks with Posma , who reportedly left Slovenia for the United States earlier Thursday .
Slovenian media say that both the six players and Posma were drunk while celebrating the team 's third consecutive national league title .
The six players were reportedly angry at Posma because he allegedly told a 19 - year - old backup goaltender to drive a car -- even though he knew the man was drunk .
The goaltender subsequently crashed the car .
The six then turned on the coach , reportedly beating him with wooden traffic signs that they found by the side of the road .
Earlier this week , five of the six players denied that they attacked Posma , claiming they attempted to convince the coach to go to the police and take the blame for the goaltender 's accident .
The Slovenian public and team 's fans warmly welcomed Posma when he took over as coach last November .
He had previously coached rival Olimpija Ljubljana .
On Friday , Acroni Jesenice beat Olimpija to win its eighth Slovenian league title since the country 's independence in 1991 .
Olimpija has won 11 .
Posma played defense for the Utica Devils in the 1990 - 91 AHL season and later spent several seasons playing professional hockey in Switzerland and Germany .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
The Homemade Steak Barbecue Pit
Some years ago back when I lived in New York , I had a small backyard with a homemade brick barbecue .
It was little more than a dozen stacked bricks forming a 3 - sided chamber .
It was humble but it worked just fine .
I love grilled or barbecued steak and outdoor grilling on the whole !
The smells , the anticipation of a delicious serving of slightly charred meat !
With a metal barbecue screen laid across the top level of bricks and several more bricks stacked on the two sides and upon the back , this was my humble barbecue grill .
Adequate for char - broiled steak or chicken cookout .
Epic Outdoor Grilled Steak Barbecue
One particularly nice summer afternoon I decided to grill a largish steak .
I had the steak already and just enough charcoal briquettes to make one fair fire .
With all the remaining charcoal in the fire pit and lighter fluid applied , I lit the fire and withdrew to the home for a short while .
I intended to only allow the noxious lighter fluid to burn away and the charcoal briquettes to reach ' white on the edges ' perfection .
I lost track of time and overstayed in the home .
When I checked the briquettes , they were well past their prime usefulness .
The charcoal was so nearly extinguished that could I pass my hand an inch or so over the coals and white ash and the heat was mild , even tolerable .
This would never cook my steak ... or would it ?
I decided to find out .
Outdoor Grilled Steak over Charred Wild Leeks
Having bunches of wild leeks growing in my backyard ( transplanted there a by myself several years prior ) I plucked several dozen tall and wide leeks for the grill .
I arranged them crisscross fashion , forming a green ‘ raft ’ of wild leek leaves over which I laid the raw steak .
I next covered completely the entire grill , top and front , with aluminum foil .
I wrapped the firebox like a Christmas present ; my intent was to capture as much heat and smoke from the dying charcoal briquettes as possible .
' Smother ' the steak in char - smoke .
Smokey Grill Flavor on the Steak ?
My steak might cook I reasoned .
It would at least garner a smoky and perhaps onion -y flavor .
Satisfied that I had fully surrounded my steak - on - the - grill with this parachute of foil , I got on my bicycle and went for a ride .
The Smell of Barbecued Steak & Onions Filled the Air !
Returning nearly two hours later , the air around my backyard was FILLED with the most amazing flavor of steak and onions !
I went inside and got a serving plate from the kitchen and retrieved my now barely warm but fully cooked steak .
I had to re-heat it inside the house of course , but it was an AMAZING steak !
Tender , juicy , very slightly charred and it had the most intriguing brick - red color to it while not being at all overly rare .
It was the best and most flavorful steak that I have ever had !
While lidded propane and charcoal - fired barbecue grills do allow the chef to close the lid to retain heat and smoke , this result was not the same .
Not even close .
Slow - Grilling Would Work Well on Sausages Too
That may be part of the formula ; the super - slow grilling over the course of a few hours .
Surely the wild leek leaves helped as well .
They would both flavor and keep the meat moist .
I would imagine that green onion tops similarly laid across the grill would work just as well .
As it was , the leek leaves had charred - away to just a few little brittle black flakes which I scrapped away with the knife before eating but their flavor had most definitely penetrated the meat through and through !
If you have the time for it and are willing to give this a try , a slow char - broiled steak ( or roasted chicken , sausages , etc. ) prepared in the fashion described might be something to try this summer at your backyard family cookout .
This could also work a wonder on German brats or Polish kielbasa with halved bell peppers and quartered sweet onion slices OMG Yum !
THE RACE IS ON THE RACE IS ON Find the latest updates from the campaign trail with USA TODAY 's political coverage .
CALLING ALL POLITICS GEEKS CALLING ALL POLITICS GEEKS
See how big of a politics whiz you really are with USA TODAY 's Jeopardy game .
SACRAMENTO , California ( AP ) 
A document fished out of a California state university trash bin last week has prompted a state investigation into the university 's foundation arm and its refusal to disclose details related to Sarah Palin 's upcoming speech at the school .
On Tuesday , California Attorney General Jerry Brown said his office would look into the finances of the California State University , Stanislaus Foundation , as well as allegations that the nonprofit organization violated public disclosure laws by keeping details of Palin 's contract secret .
POLITICS BLOG : More on the investigation ELECTION 2010 : Ex - governors try to get their old jobs back Palin is scheduled to speak at a June 25 gala hosted by the foundation to mark the university 's 50th anniversary .
Brown 's investigation was prompted , in part , by a group of CSU Stanislaus students who retrieved five pages of the contract from a campus trash bin last Friday after hearing administrators were engaged in shredding documents .
The contract detailed the former Alaska governor 's requirements for her visit , including first - class flights from Anchorage to California — if she flies commercial .
If not , " the private aircraft MUST BE a Lear 60 or larger ... , " the contract specifies .
Palin also must be provided with a suite and two single rooms in a deluxe hotel near the campus in Turlock in the Central Valley .
During her speech , her lectern must be stocked with two water bottles and bendable straws .
The document , dated March 16 , does not include compensation details for Palin , who commands speaking fees as high as $ 100,000 .
Her appearance at the university gala is expected to draw a large crowd , with tickets selling for $ 500 each .
" This is not about Sarah Palin , " Brown said in a prepared statement Tuesday .
" The issues are public disclosure and financial accountability in organizations embedded in state - run universities . "
The foundation has previously denied requests by The Associated Press and state Sen. Leland Yee to disclose Palin 's compensation package under the California Public Records Act.
Foundation board president Matt Swanson did not immediately respond to requests for comment on Brown 's investigation .
He previously told the AP that the contract 's strict nondisclosure clause prevented him from sharing it , and that university foundations and other auxiliary organizations were not subject to the same public records requirements as the university itself .
Swanson has said Palin 's fee and accommodations will be covered entirely by private donations , not state funds .
Jason Recher , a spokesman for Palin , did not immediately return a call seeking comment .
The students who found the contract document said they acted on a tip that documents were being shredded at the campus administration building on a day when staff members were supposed to be on furlough .
Alicia Lewis , 26 , was one of the students who went to investigate .
The building was locked and gated , but the students were able to retrieve piles of paperwork , including the contract document , from a nearby trash bin , Lewis said .
Russell Giambelluca , the university 's vice president of business and finance , said Tuesday that no one at the university was advised to destroy specific foundation documents , and staff members routinely shred and dispose of paperwork that is no longer needed .
Regarding the excerpt of Palin 's contract , he said : " I find it interesting that among shredded documents you find one that 's completely intact related to the contract . "
Lewis and another student , Ashli Briggs , traveled to Sacramento Tuesday to give Brown office material they said had been thrown out , including two boxes of documents and two trash bags filled with shredded files .
" This is our little Watergate in the state of California , " Yee said Tuesday .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Article – Businesswire
March 10 ( BusinessWire ) – Kiwibank is planning to raise up to $ 150 million in tier one capital early next month through an issue of preference shares , listed on the NZX .
Kiwibank to offer tradeable preference shares to raise $ 100 m
by Pattrick Smellie
March 10 ( BusinessWire ) – Kiwibank is planning to raise up to $ 150 million in tier one capital early next month through an issue of preference shares , listed on the NZX .
The move is unusual for a state - owned enterprise , although they are major issuers in the domestic and international bond markets .
The shares will be issued by a subsidiary called Kiwi Capital Securities Ltd , with the ultimate owner being Kiwibank ’s parent , New Zealand Post .
Kiwibank is seeking preliminary expressions of interest in an offer of up to $ 100 million in perpetual callable non-cumulative preference shares , to be known as Kiwi Income Securities , with the option of up to $ 50 million over - subscription .
“ The proceeds from the issue of the shares are to be ultimately used to provide tier 1 capital to Kiwibank Limited , ” the bank says .
“ The shares are not shares in Kiwibank , but are shares in Kiwi Capital Securities .
The shares will not entitle holders any voting rights in relation to Kiwibank , and only limited voting rights in relation to Kiwi Capital Securities . ”
The shares will have no maturity date , but will be callable ( repaid at the bank ’s option ) at the fifth and tenth anniversary of their issue date , and quarterly beyond that .
The shares will pay a fixed rate for the initial five years and then reset for subsequent five - yearly periods at the margin plus the swap rate applying at the time , with dividends paid quarterly .
An announcement of the margin and the minimum dividend rate for the shares is expected when the offer opens , anticipated for early April , and will include an Investment Statement and prospectus .
( BusinessWire ) 17:58:29
Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz
Original url
Ron Paul easily fends off primary challenges
By Ben Pershing
It looks like Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) -- the grassroots hero former presidential candidate who has so railed against Washington --- will be coming back to the capital next year .
Paul easily fended off three challengers in the Republican primary election Tuesday , taking 80 percent of the vote .
Tim Graney finished second with 11 percent , while John Gay and Gerald Wall earned 5 percent and 4 percent , respectively .
The race earned national notice because the challengers accused Paul of becoming too entrenched in Washington and ignoring the needs of the 14th district .
The incumbent fought back by touting all he'd done for his constituents , helped by a campaign war chest that dwarfed those of his opponents .
In the other Texas primary race of note , Republicans Bill Flores and Rob Curnock are headed to an April 13 runoff to decide which will be the nominee in the contest to take on Rep.
Chet Edwards ( D ) in November .
Edwards is high on the GOP 's target lists , as Sen. John McCain ( R - McCain ) won the 17th district with 67 percent of the vote in the 2008 presidential campaign .
Yesterday the Defense Department released the Obama administration 's Nuclear Posture Review [ pdf ] , which outlines the United States ' " nuclear policy , strategy , capabilities and force posture for the next five to ten years . "
The new strategy asserts that the U.S. will not use nuclear weapons on any nonnuclear state , which of course does not include Iran and North Korea — nations the administration is now calling " outliers " instead of " rogue states . "
China and Russia are also on the list for nuclear attack .
There 's a lot to pore through in the 50 - page report , but former Mayor Rudolph Giuliani , with all the regularity of a well - fibered colon , was at the ready with a fearmongering soundbite :
President Obama thinks we can all hold hands , sing songs , and have peace symbols .
North Korea and Iran are not singing along with the president .
Knowing that , it just does n’t make sense why we would reduce our nuclear arms when we face these threats .
The president does n’t understand the concept of leverage ...
Leverage means the other guy has to be afraid of you .
I worked for a president , Ronald Reagan , who understood that brilliantly , and that ’s how he won the Cold War .
You need to appear to be unpredictable .
[ Reagan ’s ]
State Department understood that you need to create pressure , to create something they ’re afraid of .
Tell me where Obama has done that .
On the other hand , the National Review also published this reaction from Henry Sokolski , who is , as Ordinary Gentlemen points out , an actual proliferation expert : " Today ’s headlines are screaming that the president has decided that the U.S. will no longer threaten to use nuclear weapons against Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty ( NPT ) states that are compliant with their NPT obligations and that themselves lack nuclear weapons .
This sounds dramatic but essentially means we would not consider threatening to use nuclear weapons against states we never had any intention of ever targeting , such as Brazil ...
Bottom line :
This new , ' dramatic ' nuclear - policy change hardly changes anything . "
Under the Nuclear Posture Review , an enemy who staged a chemical or germ warfare attack on America " would face the prospect of a devastating conventional military response , " Defense Secretary Robert Gates told the press yesterday .
" I think the President ’s new posture review is predicated on the logic of incentivizing good behavior . "
Preventing nuclear proliferation is the number one priority outlined in the NPR .
But the administration reserved the right to reconsider the nuclear option against any adversary whose " development of such weapons reached a level that made the United States vulnerable to a devastating strike . "
This was n't enough for Republicans , who joined Giuliani in predictably painting Obama as a terrorist - hugging pushover .
" The president 's dream of a worldwide liberal utopia is going to undermine the security of the United States , " Rep. Peter King ( R - L.I. ) , the top Republican on the House Homeland Security Committee , told the Post .
" It 's a very bad decision .
It 's a unilateral retreat .
It 's going to make America and the world less safe .
And the thought that an American president would tell countries that if they attack us with chemical or biological weapons they do n’t have to fear a nuclear response makes no sense at all . "
John McCain also issued a statement arguing for " directly confronting the two leading proliferators and supporters of terrorism , Iran and North Korea . "
And the Daily News turns to Vincent Kasprovitz , 60 , a handyman from Staten Island , who opined , " The idea of nuclear weapons has always been , ' If you attack us , we can wipe you out . ' "
But as the Times points out , " The reality is more complex .
If a backpack nuclear bomb went off in Times Square or on the Mall in Washington , the Pentagon and the Department of Energy would race to find the nuclear DNA of the weapon — so that the country that was the source of the material could be punished .
But the science of ' nuclear attribution ' is still sketchy .
And without certain attribution , it is hard to seriously threaten retaliation . "
The Catholic Church 's top exorcist has warned that Satan is alive and well and causing a whole load of problems at the Holy See .
Father Gabriele Amorth , who according to The Times is president of honour of the Association of Exorcists , said the Vatican 's current problems - including recurrent child abuse allegations and a brewing gay prostitution scandal - can be largely attributed to Lucifer 's visitation at the Vatican .
According to The Times , Amorth blames " cardinals who do not believe in Jesus , and bishops who are linked to the Demon " .
" When one speaks of ' the smoke of Satan ' [ a phrase coined by Pope Paul VI in 1972 ] in the holy rooms , it is all true – including these latest stories of violence and paedophilia , " he said .
Amorth is probably better qualified than most when it comes to dealing with Satan and the lesser demons .
He has apparently dealt with 70,000 cases of demonic possession * .
He was instrumental in ensuring that the traditional exorcism ritual was retained , despite the Vatican 's minting of a new " improved " ritual , which Amorth condemned as a " blunt sword " .
At the same time , Amorth is clearly worldly enough to use the dark arts of PR .
His comments follow the launch of a book - Father Amorth .
Memoirs of an Exorcist .
My life fighting against Satan - based on interviews with the priest by Italian journalist Marco Tosatti .
According to the Catholic News Agency , in the book Amorth is asked if he had told the Pope about the Satanic forces at work within the Holy See .
" Of course , " replied Father Amorth .
" But he does what he can .
It 's a horrifying thing . "
But there is a slight problem , in that being German , the Pope has not much of a background in demonology , with Amorth explaining " there practically are n't any exorcists [ there ] " .
The Association of Exorcists apparently has 200 members , all priests .
However , inevitably , there is an American organisation that allows anyone to become an exorcist .
It says exorcists must show the qualities of " commitment , compassion , love , determination , and perseverance " and pay the annual dues of $ 5 , or $ 10 if they live outside the US . ®
Correction
We previously said Fr Amorth performed 70,000 exorcisms , rather than simply dealing with that number of cases .
That would of course mean an incredibly busy schedule .
So what 's wrong with cheap food and cheap meat — especially in a world in which more than 1 billion people go hungry ?
A lot .
For one thing , not all food is equally inexpensive ; fruits and vegetables do n't receive the same price supports as grains .
A study in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that a dollar could buy 1,200 calories of potato chips or 875 calories of soda but just 250 calories of vegetables or 170 calories of fresh fruit .
With the backing of the government , farmers are producing more calories — some 500 more per person per day since the 1970s — but too many are unhealthy calories .
Given that , it 's no surprise we 're so fat ; it simply costs too much to be thin .
Our expanding girth is just one consequence of mainstream farming .
Another is chemicals .
No one doubts the power of chemical fertilizer to pull more crop from a field .
American farmers now produce an astounding 153 bu. of corn per acre , up from 118 as recently as 1990 .
But the quantity of that fertilizer is flat - out scary : more than 10 million tons for corn alone — and nearly 23 million for all crops .
When runoff from the fields of the Midwest reaches the Gulf of Mexico , it contributes to what 's known as a dead zone , a seasonal , approximately 6,000 - sq.- mi .
area that has almost no oxygen and therefore almost no sea life .
Because of the dead zone , the $ 2.8 billion Gulf of Mexico fishing industry loses 212,000 metric tons of seafood a year , and around the world , there are nearly 400 similar dead zones .
Even as we produce more high - fat , high - calorie foods , we destroy one of our leanest and healthiest sources of protein .
( See nine kid foods to avoid . )
The food industry 's degradation of animal life , of course , is n't limited to fish .
Though we might still like to imagine our food being raised by Old MacDonald , chances are your burger or your sausage came from what are called concentrated - animal feeding operations ( CAFOs ) , which are every bit as industrial as they sound .
In CAFOs , large numbers of animals — 1,000 or more in the case of cattle and tens of thousands for chicken and pigs — are kept in close , concentrated conditions and fattened up for slaughter as fast as possible , contributing to efficiencies of scale and thus lower prices .
But animals are n't widgets with legs .
They 're living creatures , and there are consequences to packing them in prison - like conditions .
For instance :
Where does all that manure go ?
Pound for pound , a pig produces approximately four times the amount of waste a human does , and what factory farms do with that mess gets comparatively little oversight .
Most hog waste is disposed of in open - air lagoons , which can overflow in heavy rain and contaminate nearby streams and rivers .
" This creek that we used to wade in , that creek that our parents could drink out of , our kids can't even play in anymore , " says Jayne Clampitt , a farmer in Independence , Iowa , who lives near a number of hog farms .
To stay alive and grow in such conditions , farm animals need pharmaceutical help , which can have further damaging consequences for humans .
Overuse of antibiotics on farm animals leads , inevitably , to antibiotic - resistant bacteria , and the same bugs that infect animals can infect us too .
The UCS estimates that about 70 % of antimicrobial drugs used in America are given not to people but to animals , which means we 're breeding more of those deadly organisms every day .
The Institute of Medicine estimated in 1998 that antibiotic resistance cost the public - health system $ 4 billion to $ 5 billion a year — a figure that 's almost certainly higher now .
" I do n't think CAFOs would be able to function as they do now without the widespread use of antibiotics , " says Robert Martin , who was the executive director of the Pew Commission on Industrial Farm Animal Production .
And the tussle over Flash keeps on tussling : Now Apple 's publicly sniping at Adobe .
Advertisement
Apple spokesperson Trudy Miller 's response to Adobe complaining about Apple 's restrictive ( read : anti-Flash ) development policies for the iPhone and iPad :
Someone has it backwards — it is HTML5 , CSS , JavaScript , and H.264 ( all supported by the iPhone and iPad ) that are open and standard , while Adobe 's Flash is closed and proprietary .
Advertisement
Of course , that does n't actually address what Adobe 's complaining about , but yeah , well .
[ Cnet via Daring Fireball ]
​ What ’s hotter than a beautiful woman smoking weed ?
Not much , man .
Maybe a beautiful woman smoking weed who then uploads footage to YouTube .
Something about feminine grace combined with cannabinoid - based consciousness alteration seems to hold us in thrall .
For all you degenerate stoner poon hounds , male and female , I present for your delectation and enjoyment , after grueling research , Toke of the Town ‘s Top 10 YouTube Chicks Smoking Weed .
The act of smoking , already rife with sexy possibilities , becomes an even more potent statement of sensuality when manifesting itself through an attractive female .
10 . Go To That Place Where The Calm Is On Your Face
Extra points awarded to Extra points awarded to luhluhluhlinz for her sheer wholesome cuteness .
Even more extra points awarded for the incredible volume of her bad - ass bong hit !
9. Girl Hits The Bong Pt. 2
Poooochie describes this as her “ going out for dinner with mom ” bong hit …
Thanks for the cleavage , Poooochie !
8. Bong Hits
Zstarstruck describes this as “ A lazy ass vid done at 3 a.m. day after Thanksgiving …
Yay for bong hits !…
I ’m hella stoney and super cozy . ”
Major extra points for being possibly the highest looking girl in this entire collection .
Nice bedroom eyes , too …
7. Smoke Weed
Nothin ’ fancy here …
Just a beautiful girl and her pipe , but danged if she ain’t fun to watch .
TaylorMicheleWynn is minimalist in her video description as well : “ Me getting highh as fuuuuck . ” I ’m in favor of it …
6. Number 2
YouTube user cunnalingus gets kudos for her “ does n’t suck ” screen name , her way - sexy pout , and her impressive mega hits .
Additional points for passing the blunt to us at the end !
—-
5. Big Weed Hits
“ I am aware that I am wasting sweet sensi , ” SmokingBuddah8o8 explains .
“ But the thing is , I ’m just displaying or trying to display that chicks can take some big hits .
“ That ’s all , ” she says .
“ No bitch hits here . ”
Color us convinced .
4. Girls , Weed & Bong Hits !
Here ’s a nice little compilation from Here ’s a nice little compilation from HOSSERLEGALIZE420
Extra points for the snappy editing ; it ’s all “ good parts ! ”
3. Sexy Miss X -mas Smoking Weed
Oh , come on .
A chick ( mariamarihuana ) dancing around in a Santa cap and bikini , getting high and showing us her pubic tattoo …
Maybe it ai n’t Shakespeare , but what ’s not to love ?
Ho , ho , HO !
( CNN ) --
The first women to serve on U.S. Navy submarines are expected to be on the job by fall of 2011 , Navy officials said Thursday , ushering in a policy change to what has been an elite service open only to men since the start of the modern Navy 's submarine program .
While Defense Secretary Robert Gates announced the change last month , the Navy had to wait for Congress to review and approve the policy change over a 30 - day period which ended at midnight Thursday morning .
The official announcement came later Thursday from the commander of Submarine Group 10 , Rear Adm.
Barry Bruner , during a news conference at the Navy submarine base at Kings Bay , Georgia .
The first women chosen for the program will be selected by the Navy among upcoming graduates from the Naval Academy , the collegiate Reserves Officer Training Corps -- also known as ROTC -- and officer candidate schools .
Those women will go through the intensive 15 - month submarine officer training program , which includes nuclear power school , submarine training , and the Submarine Officer Basic Course .
The Navy will implement the policy change by assigning three female officers to eight different crews of guided - missile attack and ballistic - missile submarines .
The assignments involve two submarines on the East Coast and two on the West Coast , according to Navy officials .
Smaller , fast - attack submarines are considered to be too small to accommodate the necessary infrastructure change in living quarters that is possible on the larger subs , Navy officials explained .
Integrating female officers into the submarine squadrons is the first phase of the policy change .
Including female enlisted sailors into the crews will take place in a second phase in the coming years , the officials said .
Women joined the crews of the Navy 's surface ships in 1994 , but officials had previously cited limited privacy and the cost of reconfiguring the vessels in arguing against their joining sub crews .
The change in policy was recommended by the top naval officer , Adm .
Gary Roughead ; the secretary of the Navy , Ray Mabus ; and Gates .
No Navy leaders opposed the plan , officials said .
" The young women that have come up to me since we announced our intention to change the policy have such great enthusiasm , " Roughead said in a statement Thursday .
" There are extremely capable women in the Navy who have the talent and desire to succeed in the submarine force , " Mabus added in the same statement .
Women make up 15 percent of the active duty Navy : 52,446 of 330,700 sailors in the service , according to Navy statistics .
Female sailors still cannot serve in the elite SEAL program , because those are considered frontline combat unit positions .
Similar regulations in the other branches of the military also prevent women from serving in combat positions .
A new editorial in Nature is startling for what it reveals , especially the fact Paul Ehrlich is a go - to figure about how hard scientists have it when it comes to media access .
Ehrlich is an individual who became an international celebrity by spinning one frightening story after another ( about the death of the oceans , for one thing ) who maintains , with a straight face , that he and his fellow scientists have an unfair disadvantage in communicating their side of the climate debate .
He is quoted by Nature as saying , regarding the aftermath of Climategate and the fact that skeptic scientists are finally getting a hearing , “ Everyone is scared shitless , but they do n’t know what to do . ”
People often forget : Goliath , right before the end , sensed that something was amiss .
For , ironically , among the most pervasive myths attending global warming is the one pitching David against Goliath , in which those touting the risks of damaging climate change are cast as David and Big Oil is Goliath .
The story requires observers to ignore the facts : Media , most scientists , and governments the world over have spent and received so much money on their version of events that they have collectively become Goliath .
Observers must ignore , too , the reality that skeptic scientists maintain their intellectual freedom at significant risk .
Funding routinely dries up ; tenure is denied them ; ad hominem attacks of the most vicious variety are launched against them from the Ivory Tower of academia , from the studios of multi-billion dollar news organizations , and from the bully pulpit of government .
The myth that relatively simple , un - media - savvy scientists are being undone by oil - funded think - tanks is absurd on its face .
Let ’s first take the case of the U.K .
For more than 25 years , all forms of the mainstream media in Britain ( radio , television , film , and print ) , the AGW crowd veritably owned the means of production .
People who bother to look will find tens of thousands of stories trumpeting impending doom related to unprecedented warming .
The U.K. became , during this time , one of the twin towers of warmist philosophy .
( The other being the U.S. )
And skeptics were simply not abided at all .
Only when Climategate broke , for the first time in a generation , could a skeptic scientist ( or commentator ) get an airing in the United Kingdom .
By that point , though , the AGW scientists , members of the media , and politicians had been putting forth alarmist fantasies for decades , without cessation .
They were not sad little children being bullied around the playground by clever think - tank bullies .
They were the bullies .
Again , it is all about the means of production , and the environmentalist movement piggybacked on AGW took over the means of production in the U.K. long ago .
In the United States , the same applies .
There is a reason that people in the center and the right object to National Public Radio , with public funds , reliably touting leftist causes , notably AGW .
When commentators go on NPR and complain about the slick campaign to control the media run by oil - funded think tanks , there is more than enough irony to go around .
This blame - the - oil - funded - think - tank theme is quite simply Al Gore - generated boilerplate .
Ask the scientists , politicians , and celebrities touting the conspiracy to identify their imagined adversary by name , and they clam up .
Again , until November 2009 , skeptic climate scientists could n’t buy an interview in this country .
Not with the New York Times , not with NPR , The Washington Post , The L.A . Times , not to mention thousands of local papers , not with CNN , Time magazine , Newsweek magazine , CBS News , NBC News , or ABC News .
Even Fox , for all its vaunted right - wing values , very seldom put an actual skeptic scientist on the air prior to Climategate .
What if I , as a concerned citizen who had learned that when it came to the understanding of climate in my country up was down , black was white , and good was bad , and I wanted to go to Hollywood to get funding for a skeptical documentary about it ?
How do you think I would fare ?
Laughed out of town ?
If I was lucky !
Again , it is all about the means of production .
The left / pro-AGW forces have owned the media in all but name on this issue , for decades .
That is why there are such incredibly disproportionate numbers of interviews in the media with Stephen Schneider , Michael Mann , James Hansen , Gavin Schmidt , Ben Santer , Al Gore , Ed Begley Jr. , etc .
Joining this crew requires following one ironclad rule :
You have to say during during your 200th interview in the last two years that a dark and dangerous cabal exists to silence you .
If the best that Nature can do to promote the idea of this dangerous oil - funded conspiracy is to quote Paul Ehrlich , who has a 40 - year history of failed attempts to manipulate people with the most transparent fear - mongering , then that is not a good sign for the side of fear .
One thing that you can believe believe Ehrlich about ( unlike the idea that Malthus was really onto something ) :
He and his ilk are running scared .
That ’s despite the fact that the skeptic side has now reached something like a 1 to 10 ratio of parity when it comes to media coverage .
See , when you ’re Goliath , that kind of trend seems disturbing .
HONG KONG —
The Chinese government is preparing to announce in the coming days that it will allow its currency to strengthen slightly and vary more from day to day , people with knowledge of the emerging consensus in Beijing said on Thursday .
The move would help ease tension with the Obama administration about the United States ’ huge trade deficit with China .
China ’s exports have been bolstered by its policy of keeping its currency , known as the renminbi or yuan , pegged at a nearly fixed rate to the dollar .
Many members of Congress and economists say that by spending several hundred billion dollars each year to hold down the value of the renminbi , China has made its exports extremely competitive in foreign markets and taken away sales from manufacturers in the United States and other countries .
But if China allows only a small move in the renminbi , the effects on the American trade deficit may also be small .
Chinese companies are formidably competitive and , while labor costs are rising in China , transportation and communication costs are plunging because of heavy investment in new expressways and rail lines .
A marginally stronger renminbi would make Chinese goods only marginally more expensive in the United States and make American goods slightly cheaper in China , which is now exporting more than four times as much to the United States as it imports .
Although cooking accounts for only a small amount of energy consumption in a home , induction cooktops are marketed as much more energy efficient than gas or electric because they cook food faster and lose less heat in the process .
Lately , price has been less of an obstacle .
Although a Viking induction range can top out at $ 6,000 , some models now cost a little over $ 1,500 .
LG recently introduced a cooktop hybrid with two induction and two electric elements for $ 800 .
Not everyone is sold .
After living with an induction range , Christopher Peacock , the kitchen designer , has his doubts about induction cooking .
He installed one in his house in Cape Cod , drawn to its modern look , promise of performance and the ease with which the sealed ceramic top could be cleaned .
The problem ?
The actual cooking .
“ What ’s wonderful about it is that the pot heats up very quickly , but what I ’ve had problems with is controlling it and understanding which setting will provide the right amount of heat , ” he said .
“ The most basic forms of cooking , a stir - fry or searing , I actually find rather difficult to do .
I ’ve certainly had many a pot boil over . ”
He also had to buy new pots .
All that lovely copper and the Calphalon from your wedding ?
Out .
Companies that sell induction units sell pans specially designed to transfer the energy .
But there are less expensive solutions .
Cast iron , even enamel - coated cast iron , are suitable .
So are many stainless steel pans .
Ms. Simpson ’s fancy pans from France work as well as her Ikea stuff .
Since induction is quite popular in Asia and Europe , it ’s not hard to find pots and pans that work , but just to be sure Ms. Simpson takes a magnet with her when she shops for cookware .
If it sticks to the bottom , it will work on her stove .
Wide acceptance of induction will likely come down to whether it makes cooking that much better and how fearful customers are of new technology , said Lynn Dornblaser , who studies new products for Mintel .
Albert Einstein is the world - famous physicist .
This article was originally published in the first issue of Monthly Review ( May 1949 ) .
It was subsequently published in May 1998 to commemorate the first issue of MR ‘s fiftieth year .
— The Editors
Is it advisable for one who is not an expert on economic and social issues to express views on the subject of socialism ?
I believe for a number of reasons that it is .
Let us first consider the question from the point of view of scientific knowledge .
It might appear that there are no essential methodological differences between astronomy and economics : scientists in both fields attempt to discover laws of general acceptability for a circumscribed group of phenomena in order to make the interconnection of these phenomena as clearly understandable as possible .
But in reality such methodological differences do exist .
The discovery of general laws in the field of economics is made difficult by the circumstance that observed economic phenomena are often affected by many factors which are very hard to evaluate separately .
In addition , the experience which has accumulated since the beginning of the so - called civilized period of human history has — as is well known — been largely influenced and limited by causes which are by no means exclusively economic in nature .
For example , most of the major states of history owed their existence to conquest .
The conquering peoples established themselves , legally and economically , as the privileged class of the conquered country .
They seized for themselves a monopoly of the land ownership and appointed a priesthood from among their own ranks .
The priests , in control of education , made the class division of society into a permanent institution and created a system of values by which the people were thenceforth , to a large extent unconsciously , guided in their social behavior .
But historic tradition is , so to speak , of yesterday ; nowhere have we really overcome what Thorstein Veblen called “ the predatory phase ” of human development .
The observable economic facts belong to that phase and even such laws as we can derive from them are not applicable to other phases .
Since the real purpose of socialism is precisely to overcome and advance beyond the predatory phase of human development , economic science in its present state can throw little light on the socialist society of the future .
Second , socialism is directed towards a social - ethical end .
Science , however , cannot create ends and , even less , instill them in human beings ; science , at most , can supply the means by which to attain certain ends .
But the ends themselves are conceived by personalities with lofty ethical ideals and — if these ends are not stillborn , but vital and vigorous — are adopted and carried forward by those many human beings who , half unconsciously , determine the slow evolution of society .
For these reasons , we should be on our guard not to overestimate science and scientific methods when it is a question of human problems ; and we should not assume that experts are the only ones who have a right to express themselves on questions affecting the organization of society .
Innumerable voices have been asserting for some time now that human society is passing through a crisis , that its stability has been gravely shattered .
It is characteristic of such a situation that individuals feel indifferent or even hostile toward the group , small or large , to which they belong .
In order to illustrate my meaning , let me record here a personal experience .
I recently discussed with an intelligent and well - disposed man the threat of another war , which in my opinion would seriously endanger the existence of mankind , and I remarked that only a supra-national organization would offer protection from that danger .
Thereupon my visitor , very calmly and coolly , said to me : “ Why are you so deeply opposed to the disappearance of the human race ? ”
I am sure that as little as a century ago no one would have so lightly made a statement of this kind .
It is the statement of a man who has striven in vain to attain an equilibrium within himself and has more or less lost hope of succeeding .
It is the expression of a painful solitude and isolation from which so many people are suffering in these days .
What is the cause ?
Is there a way out ?
It is easy to raise such questions , but difficult to answer them with any degree of assurance .
I must try , however , as best I can , although I am very conscious of the fact that our feelings and strivings are often contradictory and obscure and that they cannot be expressed in easy and simple formulas .
Man is , at one and the same time , a solitary being and a social being .
As a solitary being , he attempts to protect his own existence and that of those who are closest to him , to satisfy his personal desires , and to develop his innate abilities .
As a social being , he seeks to gain the recognition and affection of his fellow human beings , to share in their pleasures , to comfort them in their sorrows , and to improve their conditions of life .
Only the existence of these varied , frequently conflicting , strivings accounts for the special character of a man , and their specific combination determines the extent to which an individual can achieve an inner equilibrium and can contribute to the well - being of society .
It is quite possible that the relative strength of these two drives is , in the main , fixed by inheritance .
But the personality that finally emerges is largely formed by the environment in which a man happens to find himself during his development , by the structure of the society in which he grows up , by the tradition of that society , and by its appraisal of particular types of behavior .
The abstract concept “ society ” means to the individual human being the sum total of his direct and indirect relations to his contemporaries and to all the people of earlier generations .
The individual is able to think , feel , strive , and work by himself ; but he depends so much upon society — in his physical , intellectual , and emotional existence — that it is impossible to think of him , or to understand him , outside the framework of society .
It is “ society ” which provides man with food , clothing , a home , the tools of work , language , the forms of thought , and most of the content of thought ; his life is made possible through the labor and the accomplishments of the many millions past and present who are all hidden behind the small word “ society . ”
It is evident , therefore , that the dependence of the individual upon society is a fact of nature which cannot be abolished — just as in the case of ants and bees .
However , while the whole life process of ants and bees is fixed down to the smallest detail by rigid , hereditary instincts , the social pattern and interrelationships of human beings are very variable and susceptible to change .
Memory , the capacity to make new combinations , the gift of oral communication have made possible developments among human being which are not dictated by biological necessities .
Such developments manifest themselves in traditions , institutions , and organizations ; in literature ; in scientific and engineering accomplishments ; in works of art .
This explains how it happens that , in a certain sense , man can influence his life through his own conduct , and that in this process conscious thinking and wanting can play a part .
Man acquires at birth , through heredity , a biological constitution which we must consider fixed and unalterable , including the natural urges which are characteristic of the human species .
In addition , during his lifetime , he acquires a cultural constitution which he adopts from society through communication and through many other types of influences .
It is this cultural constitution which , with the passage of time , is subject to change and which determines to a very large extent the relationship between the individual and society .
Modern anthropology has taught us , through comparative investigation of so - called primitive cultures , that the social behavior of human beings may differ greatly , depending upon prevailing cultural patterns and the types of organization which predominate in society .
It is on this that those who are striving to improve the lot of man may ground their hopes : human beings are not condemned , because of their biological constitution , to annihilate each other or to be at the mercy of a cruel , self - inflicted fate .
If we ask ourselves how the structure of society and the cultural attitude of man should be changed in order to make human life as satisfying as possible , we should constantly be conscious of the fact that there are certain conditions which we are unable to modify .
As mentioned before , the biological nature of man is , for all practical purposes , not subject to change .
Furthermore , technological and demographic developments of the last few centuries have created conditions which are here to stay .
In relatively densely settled populations with the goods which are indispensable to their continued existence , an extreme division of labor and a highly - centralized productive apparatus are absolutely necessary .
The time — which , looking back , seems so idyllic — is gone forever when individuals or relatively small groups could be completely self - sufficient .
It is only a slight exaggeration to say that mankind constitutes even now a planetary community of production and consumption .
I have now reached the point where I may indicate briefly what to me constitutes the essence of the crisis of our time .
It concerns the relationship of the individual to society .
The individual has become more conscious than ever of his dependence upon society .
But he does not experience this dependence as a positive asset , as an organic tie , as a protective force , but rather as a threat to his natural rights , or even to his economic existence .
Moreover , his position in society is such that the egotistical drives of his make - up are constantly being accentuated , while his social drives , which are by nature weaker , progressively deteriorate .
All human beings , whatever their position in society , are suffering from this process of deterioration .
Unknowingly prisoners of their own egotism , they feel insecure , lonely , and deprived of the naive , simple , and unsophisticated enjoyment of life .
Man can find meaning in life , short and perilous as it is , only through devoting himself to society .
The economic anarchy of capitalist society as it exists today is , in my opinion , the real source of the evil .
We see before us a huge community of producers the members of which are unceasingly striving to deprive each other of the fruits of their collective labor — not by force , but on the whole in faithful compliance with legally established rules .
In this respect , it is important to realize that the means of production — that is to say , the entire productive capacity that is needed for producing consumer goods as well as additional capital goods — may legally be , and for the most part are , the private property of individuals .
For the sake of simplicity , in the discussion that follows I shall call “ workers ” all those who do not share in the ownership of the means of production — although this does not quite correspond to the customary use of the term .
The owner of the means of production is in a position to purchase the labor power of the worker .
By using the means of production , the worker produces new goods which become the property of the capitalist .
The essential point about this process is the relation between what the worker produces and what he is paid , both measured in terms of real value .
Insofar as the labor contract is “ free , ” what the worker receives is determined not by the real value of the goods he produces , but by his minimum needs and by the capitalists ’ requirements for labor power in relation to the number of workers competing for jobs .
It is important to understand that even in theory the payment of the worker is not determined by the value of his product .
Private capital tends to become concentrated in few hands , partly because of competition among the capitalists , and partly because technological development and the increasing division of labor encourage the formation of larger units of production at the expense of smaller ones .
The result of these developments is an oligarchy of private capital the enormous power of which cannot be effectively checked even by a democratically organized political society .
This is true since the members of legislative bodies are selected by political parties , largely financed or otherwise influenced by private capitalists who , for all practical purposes , separate the electorate from the legislature .
The consequence is that the representatives of the people do not in fact sufficiently protect the interests of the underprivileged sections of the population .
Moreover , under existing conditions , private capitalists inevitably control , directly or indirectly , the main sources of information ( press , radio , education ) .
It is thus extremely difficult , and indeed in most cases quite impossible , for the individual citizen to come to objective conclusions and to make intelligent use of his political rights .
The situation prevailing in an economy based on the private ownership of capital is thus characterized by two main principles : first , means of production ( capital ) are privately owned and the owners dispose of them as they see fit ; second , the labor contract is free .
Of course , there is no such thing as a pure capitalist society in this sense .
In particular , it should be noted that the workers , through long and bitter political struggles , have succeeded in securing a somewhat improved form of the “ free labor contract ” for certain categories of workers .
But taken as a whole , the present day economy does not differ much from “ pure ” capitalism .
Production is carried on for profit , not for use .
There is no provision that all those able and willing to work will always be in a position to find employment ; an “ army of unemployed ” almost always exists .
The worker is constantly in fear of losing his job .
Since unemployed and poorly paid workers do not provide a profitable market , the production of consumers ’ goods is restricted , and great hardship is the consequence .
Technological progress frequently results in more unemployment rather than in an easing of the burden of work for all .
The profit motive , in conjunction with competition among capitalists , is responsible for an instability in the accumulation and utilization of capital which leads to increasingly severe depressions .
Unlimited competition leads to a huge waste of labor , and to that crippling of the social consciousness of individuals which I mentioned before .
This crippling of individuals I consider the worst evil of capitalism .
Our whole educational system suffers from this evil .
An exaggerated competitive attitude is inculcated into the student , who is trained to worship acquisitive success as a preparation for his future career .
I am convinced there is only one way to eliminate these grave evils , namely through the establishment of a socialist economy , accompanied by an educational system which would be oriented toward social goals .
In such an economy , the means of production are owned by society itself and are utilized in a planned fashion .
A planned economy , which adjusts production to the needs of the community , would distribute the work to be done among all those able to work and would guarantee a livelihood to every man , woman , and child .
The education of the individual , in addition to promoting his own innate abilities , would attempt to develop in him a sense of responsibility for his fellow men in place of the glorification of power and success in our present society .
Nevertheless , it is necessary to remember that a planned economy is not yet socialism .
A planned economy as such may be accompanied by the complete enslavement of the individual .
The achievement of socialism requires the solution of some extremely difficult socio-political problems : how is it possible , in view of the far - reaching centralization of political and economic power , to prevent bureaucracy from becoming all - powerful and overweening ?
How can the rights of the individual be protected and therewith a democratic counterweight to the power of bureaucracy be assured ?
Clarity about the aims and problems of socialism is of greatest significance in our age of transition .
Since , under present circumstances , free and unhindered discussion of these problems has come under a powerful taboo , I consider the foundation of this magazine to be an important public service .
The six Republican lawmakers on the panel said they would not rule out tax increases as a precondition .
But most made clear on Tuesday that they would focus on what several called the nation ’s “ spending problem . ”
Representative Dave Camp of Michigan took pre-emptive aim at a value - added tax , saying , “ Washington has borrowed enough from the American people . ”
But Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois , the second - ranking Senate Democratic leader , denounced suggestions of an administration VAT plan as the “ musings of right - wing cable shows . ”
He also admonished “ bleeding heart liberals ” to be open to program reductions to restore fiscal balance .
An hour after the commission ’s meeting , however , several liberal activists held a conference call with reporters to press for additional spending to create jobs , lower military spending , higher taxes for the wealthy and no cuts in Medicare or Social Security .
Their views were perhaps best reflected on the commission by Representative Jan Schakowsky , Democrat of Illinois .
She called for more spending on infrastructure projects and education , saying that “ balancing the budget or reducing the debt are , in my mind , not goals in and of themselves . ”
Mr. Obama met privately with the commission members at the White House before their meeting at an executive office building across the street .
In the Rose Garden afterward , he told reporters that he had insisted that everything be on the negotiating table .
That admonition , he has acknowledged , also obliges him to be willing to set aside a campaign promise that all but the wealthiest 5 percent of Americans would not see their federal taxes rise in his term .
The president said that he had inherited a deficit of $ 1.3 trillion in 2009 , with debt projected to rise by $ 8 trillion over the decade , and that he had taken steps to restrain its growth despite a recession .
But he conceded it was not enough to avert fiscal calamity .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nigeria 's Acting President Goodluck Jonathan has told the BBC he has not seen or had " sustained discussion " with the ill president in about five months .
Umaru Yar 'Adua went to Saudi Arabia for treatment in November 2009 and despite returning home in February has still not been seen in public .
Mr Jonathan gave no indication whether the president 's condition had improved .
He said he had not seen the president 's doctor but said he had spoken to his wife three times .
In terms of the last time we really had sustained discussions , that was 26 November
Goodluck Jonathan " I 've not seen the doctor .
I have had - on about three occasions - discussions with his wife , " he told the BBC's Network Africa programme .
" And I 've had discussions with some of the other aides .
" In terms of the last time we [ Mr Jonathan and Mr Yar ' Adua ] really had sustained discussions , that was 26 November - I think so - yeah , " he said .
Mr Yar 'Adua was flown to hospital in Saudi Arabia three days earlier , on 23 November .
Mr Jonathan said Mr Yar 'Adua 's doctor had not tried to contact him .
" He [ the doctor ] has not come to me .
I do n't want to compel him , " said the acting president .
' Text message prosecutions '
In his interview , Mr Jonathan also touched on clashes in Jos , where tensions between Muslims and Christians since the start of the year have left many dead .
YAR 'ADUA ILLNESS TIMELINE 23 Nov 2009 : Goes to hospital in Saudi Arabia 26 Nov : Doctors say he has pericarditis , a heart problem 23 Dec : First court case filed urging him to step down 12 Jan : President gives telephone interview from Saudi Arabia 27 Jan : Cabinet declares president fit 9 Feb : Vice - President Goodluck Jonathan made acting president 24 Feb : President Yar 'Adua returns home
He promised to prosecute those behind text messages inciting the violence , which he said was ethnic , rather than religious .
He explained that most of the indigenous population in Jos were Christian , while " some of the settlers - not all " were Muslim .
" So if anything touches a settler who is a Muslim , it will be interpreted as if they are attacking the Muslims , " he said .
" And if the settlers that are Muslim now touched the indigenous population that are Christian , it will be interpreted as the Christians are being attacked . "
Mr Jonathan thought the time for talking was over , and those responsible for committing crimes in Jos should be prosecuted .
" Anybody that is remotely or directly linked up with the crisis should be prosecuted , " he said .
Electoral reform Mr Jonathan also committed himself to pursuing electoral reform .
" Elections in Nigeria from now onwards will be free and fair , " he said .
" Your vote must count . "
He said the composition of the much - criticised Independent National Election Commission ( Inec ) would be reviewed when the terms of many of its members end in June 2010 .
Last week the US government recommended that Inec Chairman Maurice Iwu , who has been blamed for the flawed elections in 2007 , be replaced ahead of new polls in 2011 .
" If we find people wanting , we will make changes , " said Mr Jonathan .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
January 1966 : First Cavalry Division medic Thomas Cole , from Richmond , Virginia , looks up with one uncovered eye as he treats a wounded Staff Sgt Harrison Pell during a firefight in the Central Highlands in Vietnam , between US troops and a combined North Vietnamese and Vietcong force
Credit : AP Photo / Henri Huet
There have been many weird and bizarre mods of Apple and their products .
The secret behind all the weirdness and bizarreness lies in the fact that most Apple products are very simple and minimalist and hence people just have to alter them and make them look complicated !
Source
We Recommend :
( CNN ) -- Actor Andrew Koenig , who had been missing since February 14 , committed suicide , his father told reporters after his son's body was found Thursday in a park in Vancouver , British Columbia .
" My son took his own life , " Walter Koenig said at a news conference in the park .
The body of the former " Growing Pains " star was found by several friends who conducted their own search of Stanley Park , where Andrew Koenig liked to walk , his father said .
Koenig , 41 , was reported missing by his parents after he did not board a flight to Los Angeles from Vancouver last week .
Walter Koenig -- himself an actor , known for his role as Pavel Chekov in the " Star Trek " series -- flew to Vancouver with his wife , Judy , on Tuesday to help with the search .
" He was obviously in a lot of pain , " Walter Koenig said .
The Koenigs said they received a letter from their son last week in which he wrote in a " despondent tone . "
He had stopped taking medication for depression about a year ago , his father said .
Unknown to his parents at the time , Andrew Koenig sold or gave away many of his possessions and moved out of his apartment in Venice , California , before traveling to Canada , the family said .
Walter Koenig was helping the friends " get another sweep of Stanley Park " Thursday morning and was nearby when they found his son , he said .
Koenig asked others who may be considering suicide " before you make that final decision , check it out again , and talk to someone . "
" If you 're one of those people who ca n't handle it anymore , you know , if you can learn anything from this , there are people out there who really care , " he said .
" You may not think so and ultimately it may not be enough , but there are people who really care . "
Families of those who are troubled should not ignore the warning signs , he said .
" Do n't ignore it , do n't rationalize it , " he said .
Andrew Koenig 's mother , Judy Koenig , said people who are depressed " do n't realize there is help and they need help . "
She said they should " connect with each other if there 's something that 's bothering you . "
Andrew Koenig had many people who loved him , but " in his pain , he did n't realize it was available to him , " she said .
Koenig fell in love with Vancouver in 1988 when he first visited to film an episode of the TV show " 21 Jump Street , " his father said .
Koenig appeared in 25 episodes of " Growing Pains " from 1985 to 1989 , playing Richard " Boner " Stabone , according to a filmography posted on the Internet Movie Database Web site .
He also appeared in episodes of several other television shows .
He was described as " a gifted and passionate multitalented young man " on his father 's Web site .
He performed at The Improv and had roles in movies that included " NonSeNse , " " InAlienable , " " The Theory of Everything " and " Batman : Dead End . "
He also acted on television in " Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , " " G.I. Joe , " " My Two Dads , " " 21 Jump Street , " " My Sister Sam " and " Adam - 12 , " the Web site said , and edited , directed , produced and wrote a number of films .
Koenig was an activist interested in many causes , his father 's Web site says .
He was arrested at the Rose Bowl in 2008 while protesting U.S. involvement in the 2008 Summer Olympic Games in China .
He opposed U.S. participation because of China 's support for a repressive regime in Myanmar , also known as Burma , the Web site says .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
There have been bitter recriminations over the almost week - long closure of large parts of European airspace because of volcanic ash from Iceland .
Airlines are seeking compensation from governments over the unprecedented shutdown , which they say cost them $ 1.7bn ( £ 1.1 bn ) .
But scientists have said regulators had few options beyond flight bans .
Iceland announced on Thursday that two of its four international airports will shut down because of the ash .
Keflavik and Reykjavik airports will be closed on Friday , Iceland 's aviation authority said in a statement .
It is the first time the country 's own airspace has been affected by the current eruption .
The air traffic agency Eurocontrol says it expects European flights to be back to " almost 100 % " on Thursday .
A Eurocontrol spokeswoman said nearly all of the continent 's 28,000 scheduled flights , including more than 300 flights on transatlantic routes , were expected to proceed .
On Wednesday , about 80 % of flights took place .
Will it affect climate ?
How countries handled crisis
In pictures : Home at last Voices : ' Better safe than sorry '
Airlines are clearing the backlog of uncompleted journeys , but thousands of travellers remain stranded around the world .
Six days after the eruption of the Eyjafjallajokull volcano in Iceland triggered the first airspace closures , the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) criticised the bans .
" For an industry that lost $ 9.4bn last year and was forecast to lose a further $ 2.8bn in 2010 , this crisis is devastating , " IATA chief Giovanni Bisignani said .
" Airspace was being closed based on theoretical models , not on facts . "
Mr Bisignani said the situation had been exacerbated by " poor decision - making " from governments and called on them to compensate airlines , something which the European Commission has said it is considering .
" I am the first one to say that this industry does not want or need bailouts .
But this crisis is not the result of running our business badly , " he added .
' Absurd '
Some airlines are also demanding changes to EU passenger compensation rules , which require them to provide accommodation for those prevented from flying .
Michael O'Leary , the chief executive of the low - cost carrier Ryanair , had said it was " absurd " that his firm had to spend thousands of euros on someone whose ticket might have cost only a few euros .
I think if they 'd sent up planes immediately to see whether the ash was actually too dangerous ... we would have been back flying a lot sooner
Sir Richard Branson
Chairman , Virgin Group Ryanair had earlier said reimbursement would be limited to the original air fare paid by each passenger .
However it later issued a statement saying it would comply with the EU rules and would refund passengers for " reasonably - receipted expenses " .
Virgin Group chairman Sir Richard Branson meanwhile told the BBC that he believed governments would be unlikely to impose a blanket ban again .
" I think if they 'd sent up planes immediately to see whether the ash was actually too dangerous to fly through or to look for corridors where it was n't very thick , I think that we would have been back flying a lot sooner , " he said .
The bans were imposed because volcanic ash - a mixture of glass , sand and rock particles - can seriously damage jet engines .
The European decision to partially reopen airspace did not come until the fifth day of the crisis , when transport ministers met by teleconference .
' No overreaction '
In the UK , training on Royal Air Force Typhoon jets was suspended on Thursday after ash deposits were found in one aircraft 's engines .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An RAF spokesman said Typhoons were " very high performance jets " and staff were " just being extra cautious " .
Britain 's Civil Aviation Authority said no conclusion should be drawn on the airworthiness of civilian aircraft , which have shown no sign of ash damage .
Henri Gaudru , the president of the European Volcanological Society , defended the earlier the flight bans .
" This was not an overreaction .
We ... do not know enough about these clouds and what can happen to planes flying into them , " he told a news conference in Geneva .
Despite Thursday 's near - normal traffic , a number of fresh disruptions have been reported .
In southern Sweden Gothenburg and Malmo airports closed on Wednesday , when part of the volcanic ash cloud took an unexpected turn north .
Flight bans imposed on Norway 's second and fourth largest airports were later lifted , clearing the whole of Norwegian airspace .
Air restrictions also continue to apply to northern Scotland and parts of Finland .
A fresh volcanic ash alert led Australian airline Qantas to cancel one flight out of London and delay another for 11 hours until early on Thursday , infuriating passengers .
In Iceland , the Eyjafjallajokull volcano continues to erupt , but it is no longer spewing out ash into the atmosphere .
" There is much , much , less ash production and the plume is low , " Gudrun Nina Petersen of the Icelandic Met Office said .
Are you due to fly today ?
Have you made it to your destination ?
Or are you still stranded ?
Send us your comments .
Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to +44 7725 100 100 or you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Send your comments using the post form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Court issued two opinions this morning :
In Shady Grove Orthopedic Associates , P.A. v. Allstate Insurance Company ( 08-1008 ) , the Court reverses and remands the lower court decision .
The main opinion is by Justice Scalia , but not all parts of it are joined by a majority .
Justice Stevens writes an opinion concurring in part and concurring in the judgment .
Justice Ginsburg files a dissenting opinion joined by Justices Kennedy , Breyer , and Alito .
Holding : The Court rules 5 - 4 that Federal Rule 23 controls when a class action lawsuit may be filed in federal court , so states do not have the authority to limit the right to sue .
In Padilla v. Commonwealth of Kentucky ( 08 - 861 ) , the Court , 7 - 2 , reverses and remands the lower court in an opinion by Justice Stevens .
Justice Alito writes an opinion concurring in the judgment , joined by Chief Justice Roberts , while Justice Scalia dissents , joined by Justice Thomas .
Holding :
The lawyer for an alien charged with crime has a constitutional obligation to tell the client that a guilty plea carries a risk that he will be deported .
The Court , however , does not decide whether the individual in this specific case has been prejudiced by the lawyer ’s failure to give that advice .
The full texts of the opinions follow the jump .
No . 08-1008 , Shady Grove Orthopedic Associates v. Allstate Insurance Co .
No . 08-651 , Padilla v. Kentucky
It is generally assumed that military technology that is offensive rather than defensive in nature leads to shorter wars .
Yet , a new doctoral thesis from the University of Gothenburg , Sweden , shows that this assumption is not correct .
For long , researchers have thought that offensive military technology , such as armoured cars and attack jets , makes it easier to shorten the duration of a war .
It is also generally perceived that when the offensive technology is more effective than the defensive technology , it is more advantageous to start a war .
' While this may be seen in some wars where the attacker is clearly superior , it is not true on average .
This means that the improved military technology has not resulted in any advantages for the attacking force , at least not in terms of war duration , ' says Marco Nilsson , who recently earned his PhD from the Department of Political Science at the University of Gothenburg .
To investigate the effect of offensive technology on war duration , Nilsson statistically analysed all wars in the state system from 1817 to 1992 .
Interestingly , he did not find any effect at all .
' I found that , in reality , the potential advantages of attack - oriented technology is limited by for example terrain , technological development , training of military personnel , climate , weather and norms .
Due to these limitations , attack - oriented technology normally does not allow a state to run over an enemy as easily as expected .
Unless the attacked country collapses right away , the duration of most wars is decided at the negotiation table , ' says Nilsson .
If two fighting countries could sit down at the negotiation table and base their demands only on military capacity , it would be easy for them to reach a mutually acceptable solution to their armed conflict - the stronger would make high demands and the weaker would accept them .
Yet , this hardly ever happens in real life .
Nilsson 's study of four different wars ( the Winter War 1939 , the Continuation War 1941 - 1943 , the Iran - Iraq War 1980 - 1988 and the war between India and Pakistan 1965 ) shows that states do not always base their demands at the negotiation table on military capacity .
' A major problem arises when a state has offensive expectations that do not match what is actually seen on the battlefield .
These seemingly unrealistic expectations can for example be a result of a conviction that God will step in and influence the outcome of a war .
Another reason may be that a country for some reason expects its offensive ability to soon improve , ' says Nilsson .
Unfortunately , some states start wars expecting their attack - oriented technology to warrant quick success .
Therefore , too much confidence in offensive technology may increase the likelihood of new wars and speed up arms racing , all due to a misunderstanding among decision makers .
A better understanding of the potentials and limitations of military technology could lead to a world where many drawn - out and costly wars are avoided .
###
March 31 , 2010
Do n’t press any key to continue
Last week , Coding Horror posted a good musing on the opposite of Fitts ’
Law , observing how certain irrevocable actions should utilize the principle in reverse to make their UI elements harder to interact with .
That got me thinking :
How else can we make terminal actions just hard enough without becoming impediments to normal use ?
How can we most elegantly clarify user intention ?
The classic intention clarification is , of course , the confirmation dialog , itself borne of the command - line “ y/ n ” prompt .
The confirmation dialog is actually the original reverse - Fitts ’ implementation :
Your pointing device must travel all the way from whatever you just clicked to the “ yes , I really meant to do that ” button .
While still far from foolproof ( this only clarifies the user ’s intent to click the button and not necessarily to perform the action represented by the button ) , it quite effectively wards off accidental clicks .
Using a confirmation dialog can be considered “ active confirmation , ” utilizing modal functionality to take advantage of reverse - Fitts ’ , while simply using the principle by itself in UI layout becomes “ passive confirmation . ”
The thing is , these two approaches are a long ways apart .
Passive confirmation still results in an instantaneous action , while most approaches to active confirmation become cumbersome for frequently - performed actions .
What else is there in between ?
If this is OK , do nothing
There is a good solution , but it ’s one that does n’t get much attention in software UIs : Delayed passive confirmation .
Taking a cue from the industrial “ dead man ’s switch , ” it ’s essentially a hybrid of active and passive confirmations .
It uses active methods to delay the action and give feedback , making it safer , but as confirmation is implicit if left alone , it ’s effectively passive , making it more convenient .
Below are two examples of delayed passive , one from logging out of Mac OS X and an essentially inadvertent one from Mozilla Thunderbird .
As before , these are rather polar examples .
The sixty - second Mac OS X logout delay is really too long to be of much convenience to the average user , while Thunderbird ’s outgoing - message progress bar is based on an arbitrary value ( presence and size of attachments ) rather than a specific time to give the user a chance to cancel the send .
This points to a potentially useful middle ground , though :
Why not employ a simple , short delay that appears somewhere out of the way ?
Interruptible without being interrupting
Imagine clicking “ send ” for an email message and watching your message appear in a brief queue .
Perhaps it counts down about ten seconds before sending , more than enough time to cancel an erroneous send , but little enough time in the scope of e-mail communication as to not interfere with normal usage .
I could actually see it fitting almost perfectly into Apple Mail ’s activity pane :
As long as the confirmation does n’t steal focus , such a solution requires no further interaction than sending an email without confirmation .
Delayed passive confirmation is a nice middle ground between avoiding accidental clicks only by minimizing their targets and making users confirm everything with a modal dialog .
It ’s not appropriate for everything , of course — permanently deleting your entire collection of Ladytron albums should always be actively confirmed , and editing a caption in a web gallery of your cat probably is n’t important enough to build a queue system for .
But for those tasks that exist right on that edge , like sending an email , it can be a perfect fit .
This is hilarious : according the most recent survey ( PDF ) from the non-partisan Kaiser Health Foundation , Republican opposition to health care reform is backfiring -- instead of driving down support for reform , GOP obstruction is actually encouraging more people to support the bill than to oppose it .
Check out the numbers :
QUESTION : Does the fact that every Republican Member of Congress opposes the current health care proposals make you more likely to support the legislation , less likely , or does n’t that make much difference either way ?
More likely to support legislation : 27 %
Less likely to support legislation : 20 %
No difference : 51 %
To be fair and balanced , most people do n't give a damn what the GOP is saying , but of those who do , the GOP 's opposition is giving reform a slight boost .
Meanwhile , President Obama 's support for the proposal is making people more likely to support the legislation .
QUESTION : Does the fact that President Obama supports the current health care proposals make you more likely to support the legislation , less likely , or does n’t that make much difference either way ?
More likely to support legislation : 36 %
Less likely to support legislation : 21 %
No difference : 42 %
Although President Obama is a better advocate for the bill than Republicans ( delivering a 15 point boost compared to just 7 ) , we need all the support we can get , so perhaps we should be thanking the GOP for pitching in .
Kaiser 's numbers also showed that the overall trend on support for reform is looking good :
Kaiser poll shows uptick in support for health reform
The latest poll by the non-partisan Kaiser Family Foundation found 46 percent of Americans support the healthcare bill and 42 percent oppose it .
The Democratic base appears to have rallied behind the legislation , which seeks to increase coverage to more than 30 million uninsured Americans .
Three quarters of Democrats now support the bill , up from 70 percent last month .
Republican opposition has hardened , going from 74 percent in February to 80 percent in the most recent poll , taken March 10 .
Last month 's survey showed an even split -- 43 % - 43 % -- on reform , so this month 's 46 % - 42 % numbers were a small move in a positive direction , thanks at least in part to a boost from the GOP .
Ilya Kovalchuk : “ At the Olympics you should shove your ‘ I ’ up a certain place ” ( Photo © Bruce Bennet / Getty Images )
Ilya Kovalchuk talked about the bad powerplay of team Russia in the 2010 Olympic Hockey Tournament , the changes that the team will undergo for the next game against Czech Republic and his ice time in an interview to the Russian newspaper Sovietskiy Sport .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation .
– The coaches created “ the great line ” , made up of Ovechkin , Kovalchuk , Semin , Malkin , Gonchar .
But it did n’t work out well .
Why this line failed in playing simple hockey ?
Kovalchuk : “ It ’s not enough to create ‘ the great line ’ , you have to work on the ice .
We try hard to improve the powerplay during the practices .
We get so many penalties in our favor , they must be used better . ”
– Ilya Bryzgalov said that your line played too much on the flanks and that you guys need to crash the net more .
Kovalchuk : “ I agree .
Someone must stay in front of the goalie .
We will make some changes ”
– Instead of Semin now there will be Datsyuk .
Kovalchuk : “ First of all we should not give up .
A single game in such a tournament means nothing .
I ’m not looking for excuses .
We played very badly the third period against the Slovaks and we also allowed a goal .
All the players who went for a try in the shootout , including me , should have done a better job .
I do n’t remember the last time we lost to them .
Only in 2006 we lost 3 - 5 .
It ’s unpleasant .
But it ’s better to lose a game now than in the play - off .
We will learn from this defeat and will support each other .
It ’s like that for us , the worse , the better . ”
– Do you consider shootouts to be your strong side ?
Kovalchuk : “ Well , it ’s fifty - fifty .
I tried doing what usually works , but I could n’t score . ”
– During last year ’s World Championship in Bern you played 30 minutes a match .
Now you spend less time on ice .
Is this the reason behind your relative lack of success ?
Kovalchuk : “ I ’m happy by my ice time .
Here you should shove your ‘ I ’ up a certain place .
You need to hit the ice and do what the coaches and the partners ask you .
We can win only if we do like that .
If we start complaining and look offended , then it ’s better to stay at home .
– Maybe it ’s good that team Russia drove itself into a corner ?
Now we need to beat Czech Republic to secure a spot in the quarterfinals .
Kovalchuk : “ We did n’t really drive yourselves into a corner .
We should relax and play our way .
We will drive ourselves in a corner if it happens in the quarterfinal or the semifinal ( knock on wood ) , and then we would have no chance to redeem .
But now we should go to the game against Czech Republic head - high . ”
FEMEN first came to our attention on 30 July 2008 when they dressed as prostitutes on Independence Square in Kiev in a bid to attract the attention of Ukraine 's government to issue of sex tourism in the country
Credit : AFP / GETTY
AHRP letter to the Office of Human Research Protection
Dear Dr. Menikoff :
The Alliance for Human Research Protection is concerned about the ethics and safety of human subjects in a blood storage experiment ( RECESS ) sponsored by the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute .
The study description , posted on ClinicalTrials.gov states :
“ Longer RBC storage is associated with structural , biochemical , and cytokine level alterations .
A number of observational studies in cardiac surgery , ICU , and trauma patients have demonstrated an association between longer RBC storage time and worse outcomes . ” “ A recent large retrospective study showed an increased risk of post - operative complications , including reduced shortand long - term survival , in patients undergoing cardiac surgery who received RBCs stored < 14 days vs. > 14 days , but the groups were imbalanced in terms of prior disease characteristics , in the proportion receiving leukoreduced RBC , and in ABO blood group .
In contrast , a small study ( 22 patients ) did not find deleterious effects with transfusion of 2 units of RBCs 5 daysold vs. > 20 days old .
A pilot randomized controlled trial in 65 ICU patients of < 8 day old blood vs. 15 day old blood actually reported worse outcomes in recipients of the < 8 day old units .
A much larger retrospectivesingle center study showed no difference in 30 day mortality between 942CABG patients who received only RBCs < 18 days old vs. 941 patients who hadreceived only RBCs > 18 days old .
There are also complications of transfusions , such as immunomodulation , microchimerism , and graft - vs. - host disease which are associated with transfusion of RBCs stored for only shorttime periods .
Cardiac surgery patients often require RBC transfusion , and account for a significant proportion of RBC use .
In addition , following bypass they are ina pro-inflammatory state and may be particularly vulnerable to any adverse consequences of RBC transfusion .
They generally undergo invasive cardiopulmonary monitoring , allowing measurement of oxygen consumption and delivery and other parameters which may be affected by RBC transfusion .
The RECESS study will compare the effects of transfusing RBC units stored < 10 days vs. RBC units stored > 21 days , in patients who are undergoing complex cardiac surgery and are likely to need a red blood cell transfusion .
The primary hypothesis is that there is a clinically important differencebetween the effects of shorter - storage red cell units and longer - storage redcell units on clinical outcomes and mortality risk . ”
Previous blood storage study results in cardiac patients are described on the clinical trials.gov website :
A large retrospective study demonstrated an increased risk of post - operative complications , including an association between longer RBC storage time and worse outcomes–but groups were imbalanced in terms of prior disease characteristics , the proportion receiving leukoreduced RBD , and in ABO blood group .
A small study ( 22 patients ) found no deleterious effects in either < 5 day old blood and > 20 day old blood A pilot randomized controlled trial in 65 ICU patients of < 8 day old blood vs 15 day old blood showed worse outcomes
in patients who received < 8 day old blood .
A large retrospective single center study showed no difference in 30 day mortality between 942 CABG patients who received < 18 day old blood vs. 941 patients who received > 18 day old blood ..
Our concern is that the trial design is unethical because it fails to compare the best current clinical practice – which uses available blood in hospital blood banks –some of which may be new , some old .
The protocol randomizes patients to receive either old or new blood –depending upon which group they are randomized to –for however many transfusions they need .
However , the informed consent document fails to clearly inform the human subjects of the experiment ’s end point , which is potential death .
In the protocol the investigators are informed that the major risk is death :
“ The primary hypothesis is that there is a clinically important difference between the effects of shorter - storage red cell units and longer - storage redcell units on clinical outcomes and mortality risk . ”
However in the informed consent documents given to patients , such language as “ death ” or “ mortality risk ” is nowhere to be found .
The informed consent document given to patients is vague and misleading .
Under the heading “ possible risks , side effects , and discomforts , ” the patient informed consent states :
“ Blood cells change during storage , but whether these changes have an effect on the human body after they are transfused is unknown .
Some data has shown that patients undergoing cardiac surgery do better using shorter storage time red blood cells ; some data has shown no disadvantage to using longer storage age red blood cells ; and some studies have not shown any difference .
It is possible that there are risks associated with giving blood stored for either of these periods that are notknown at this time . ”
However , a large retrospective study published in The New England Journal of Medicine paper , Duration of Red-Cell Storage and Complications after Cardiac Surgery by Colleen Gorman Koch , et al ( 2008 ) reported a significant association between longer red blood storage time and worse mortality :
“ In patients undergoing cardiac surgery , transfusion of red cells that had been stored for more than 2 weeks was associated with a significantly increased risk of postoperative complications as well as reduced short - term andlong - term survival . ”
Thus , a large retrospective study in cardiac surgery patients –the types of patients being enrolled in this clinical trial ( RECESS ) – show that older stored banked blood when transfused significantly increases mortality .
Neither AHRP nor our network of medical consultants know of any comparable data in cardiac surgery patients suggesting fresher stored banked blood when transfused increases mortality .
Moreover there is extensive data showing that as banked blood ages it looses functionality .
Neither do we know of any comparable data to suggest that as banked blood ages it gains functionality .
So , it does not appear that equipoise–a requirement for ethical human experimentation–exists between the two arms of the study .
Also , blood is a valuable scarce resource and if banked blood is aged to meet protocol requirement of having 21 day old blood , then this would be unethical because it would effectively decrease the avail be blood supply or patients .
A further cause for concern is the uncooperative response AHRP received ( below ) to our request to the principle investigator , to provide the citations of the four studies described on the clinicaltrials.gov website .
Why would the investigator withhold citations to published information ???
The Alliance for Human Research Protection requests that the Office of Human Research Protections examine the ethics of this protocol which puts patients ’ lives at unjustifiable risk ; and examine the deficient informed consent document which fails to disclose to patients that the experiment seeks to document the increased risk of death using longer stored blood
compared to shorter stored blood without a comparative usual practice arm .
Vera Hassner Sharav
President
AHRP
veracare@ahrp.org
212-595-8974
cc : To : Jerry Menikoff MD ( jmenikof@kumc.edu ) ; Michael Carome MD
Cc : Francis.Collins@nih.hhs.gov ; Margaret Hamburg ( MargaretAHamburg@aol.com ) ; Joshua Sharfstein MD ( joshua.sharfstein@fda.hhs.gov ) ; Kathleen.Sebelius@hhs.gov
— –Original Message — –
From : VERACARE [ mailto:veracare@ahrp.org ]
Sent : Wednesday , January 13 , 2010 2:34 PM
To : ‘ sassmann@neriscience.com ’
Subject : RECESS study
ALLIANCE FOR HUMAN RESEARCH PROTECTION
A Catalyst for Public Debate : Promoting Openness , Full Disclosure , and Accountability https://www.ahrp.org
Dear Dr. Assmann
Below is the description posted on ClinicalTrials.gov of previous blood storage study results in cardiac patients .
A large retrospective study demonstrated association between longer RBC storage time and worse outcomes–but groups were imbalanced .
A small study ( 22 patients ) found no deleterious effects in either < 5 day old blood and > 20 day old blood 3 .
A pilot randomized controlled trial in 65 ICU patients of < 8 day old blood vs 15 day old blood showed worse outcomes in patients who received < 8 day old blood .
A large retrospective single center study showed no difference in 30 day mortality between 942 CABG patients who received < 18 day old blood vs. 941 patients who received > 18 day old blood .
Can you please provide the studies ( or at least the references ) for those cited studies ?
Thank you for in advance for the information .
Vera Hassner Sharav
veracare@ahrp.org
212-595-8974
— –Original Message — –
From : Julie ( Nannicelli ) Miller [ mailto:JMiller@neriscience.com ]
Sent : Wednesday , January 13 , 2010 5:19 PM
To : veracare@ahrp.org ; Suzanne Granger
Cc : Susan Assmann
Subject : RE : RECESS study
Hello ,
Please forward your request to the NHLBI Freedom of Information Office .
Thank you ,
Julie
SAN ANTONIO–When far - right Tea Party radicals held their meeting here on Sunday , February 21 , Texas progressives were ready for them .
The Tea Party had “ Joe the Plumber , ” but we had “ Mike the Plumber , ” who installs solar water heaters .
We also had The Solar and The Geothermal Guys as speakers , too .
A small group of tea partiers had gathered at the restaurant nearby to hear speaker “ Joe ” at their one year anniversary .
Texas progressives had close to 100 people singing “ Happy Birthday ” to the Recovery Act .
Later in the day , the tea partiers listened to a global warming denier speak in the restaurant .
The progressive rally was in the street by the old railway station .
Randy the Geothermal Guy spoke there and explained how Texas has about 500,000 ready - made geothermal drilled wells set up that could be turned into immediate sources of heated energy to produce clean , cheap and renewable electricity .
The most urgent danger to the environment is the use of coal , he said , and if Americans and the rest of the world do not turn to better , cleaner , safer and more renewable energies by 2030 , we may be beyond the point of no return as far as the Earth ’s atmosphere and the livability of the planet are concerned .
The rally focused on green jobs .
Plus speakers and sign holders used the word “ progressive ” repeatedly since rightwing TV personality Glenn Beck has been using it in an evil and denigrating way .
Photos : Vivian Weinstein/ PW
30 Symptoms of Adrenal Fatigue
Edit :
There are now over 50 symptoms of Adrenal Fatigue that you can have for free .
There is also a free report for what you can do to help heal the issue .
Click on the Adrenal Fatigue book to the left and get your symptoms today .
Do you feel tired all the time ?
Maybe you get plenty of sleep and just do n’t feel rested .
Or maybe you have trouble sleeping .
Low energy ?
Difficulty thinking or focusing ?
These are all symptoms of adrenal fatigue .
This article explores the adrenals and the causes of adrenal fatigue .
Included is a simplified explanation of how diet affects the adrenals and some suggestions for what you can do to restore them , and you to health .
The 30 symptoms include , but are not limited to :
1. Excessive fatigue and exhaustion , chronic fatigue
2. Non-refreshing sleep
3 . Sleep disturbance , insomnia
4 . Feeling overwhelmed or unable to cope
5 . Craving salty and / or sweet foods
6. Sensitivity to light
7 . Low stamina and slow to recover from exercise
8 . Slow to recover from injury or illness
9 . Difficulty concentrating , brain fog
10 .
Poor digestion
11 . Irritable bowel syndrome , IBS
12 . Low immune function
13 . Premenstrual syndrome
14 . Menopause symptoms
15 . Low blood pressure
16 . Sensitivity to cold
17 . Fearfulness
18 . Allergies ,
19 . Frequent influenza
20 . Arthritis
21 . Anxiety
22 . Irritability
23 . Depression
24 . Reduced memory
25 . Low libido , sexual drive or interest
26 . Lack of lust for life and / or food
27 . Excess hunger
28 . Low appetite
29 . Panic / anxiety attacks
30 .
Irritability , impatience , quick to anger .
If quick to anger , the person will often tend to back down quickly if confronted .
Many of these symptoms have other causes , so just because you have one or more symptom does n’t necessarily mean that you have adrenal fatigue .
On the other hand , adrenal fatigue is so prevalent that if you have even one of these symptoms , it is likely that your are at least a bit run down .
Almost every client I have ever seen has come to me because of one or more of these symptoms .
Stress is a major contributor to adrenal fatigue .
We live in a busy world that offers little relief from stresses of life .
Toxicity contributes to adrenal fatigue as well .
But by far , adrenal fatigue is caused by a diet high in sugar and processed foods .
And , the same dietary factors that contribute to adrenal fatigue are at the root of most of our major health issues today .
Most major diseases start with the same factors as adrenal fatigue , and adrenal fatigue can lead to many serious conditions .
What are the adrenals ?
The adrenals are two walnut sized glands that sit on top of the kidneys .
They produce three different classes of hormones at the rate of about a quart ( liter ) a day .
One class is stress hormones like adrenalin and cortisol also called hydrocortisone .
Another class of adrenal hormones affect mineral metabolism especially the sodium / potassium balance .
And , they produce sex hormones and their precursors .
These hormones are some of the ones that make us feel good .
They give us energy and a lust for life — and sex .
A simple test for adrenal fatigue
There are many tests for adrenal fatigue .
Lab tests are expensive and take time for the results .
However , there is a simple self - test that can be done with a flashlight and a mirror .
Start in a darkened room so that your pupils dilate but have it light enough so that you can see your eyes in a mirror .
Allow enough time in the dim room so that the pupils dilate fully , about ten minutes .
Next , shine the flashlight into one of your eyes from the side so that the light causes the pupil to shrink down to a pin point .
Do this in such a way that you can still watch the pupil as it reduces in size .
If your adrenals are strong , the pupil will most likely shrink down immediately .
If there is any hesitation before they react , then your adrenals are probably fatigued .
I use the qualifier probably here because there are other reasons eyes may not react like this though they are not common .
Dietary causes of adrenal fatigue
As mentioned earlier , sugar and refined carbohydrates are the main cause of adrenal fatigue .
Sugar includes honey , maple syrup , fructose , dried fruit , fruit juice and just about anything that is sweet .
Refined carbohydrates are grains that have been ground up or have had the bran removed .
This include products like bread even whole wheat bread , noodles , corn chips , white rice and pretty much anything that comes in a package .
Refined foods are broken down by grinding and concentration .
Refined grains have more surface area exposed to digestion , so they digest more quickly .
They release their sugars quickly into the blood stream causing blood sugar to go up too high too fast .
The body responds to high blood sugar by releasing insulin .
Insulin is a hormone that causes sugar to move into the liver , muscles and fat tissues .
The problem is that the body evolutionarily is n’t designed to deal with the large amounts of sugar in the blood that are caused by sugar and refined foods .
Evolution has designed us to eat animal protein , whole grains ( not chopped up ) , vegetables and fruits .
So , the body tends to overreact to this fast sugar by releasing too much insulin .
This article is about the adrenals , but high blood sugar , high levels of insulin and constant exposure to stress hormones cause their own problems that will be covered in the future .
The release of too much insulin causes the blood sugar to go down too far .
Most everyone has experienced getting sleepy after a large meal of pasta , rice or some other carbohydrate .
Or , the drop in energy that follows a candy high .
That ’s what happens after the large release of insulin .
The blood sugar goes down too far .
The brain eats mostly sugar , so it gets sleepy from lack .
Now we get into the adrenal involvement .
One of the stress hormones they release is cortisol .
In ancient times stress meant that we had to fight or run away , the fight / flight response .
The muscles that move quickly use sugar , and cortisol causes blood sugar to increase .
There is also a cortisol release anytime there is low blood sugar .
You know how you can be really hungry , then after awhile you are n’t so hungry anymore ?
That ’s cortisol doing it ’s job .
The same thing happens when low blood sugar happens because of an over - release of insulin .
The adrenals are constantly being assailed by the above reactions .
Processed foods and snacks are available all the time , and they are hard to resist .
Our ancestors survived because they had a sweet tooth .
They craved the sweet fruits that were available at the end of winter .
Insulin caused that extra sugar to be stored as fat for the lean times of winter .
The ones that did n’t desire sweet fruits did n’t survive , so we inherited that craving for sweets and other foods that turn into sugar .
The problem is that we eat as though it is the end of summer all the time !
The adrenals are constantly being called on to produce more and more cortisol in response to the stress caused by sugar and processed food .
Eventually they become exhausted .
And , so does the indulger .
What you can do
The obvious thing to do is to stop eating sugar and refined foods .
A lot of people will do great just by modifying their diet alone .
There are lots of products on the market for treating the adrenals , but which ones really work ?
This is very individual , but I will give you some suggestions in part two .
Be well , and remember : the body wants to heal , all it needs is the opportunity .
But Pennsauken has received no shortage of publicity .
Most recently , Adams , Cummings , and some of their neighbors were featured on the PBS documentary The New Metropolis , which looked at the issues of " first- ring " suburbs , those closest to urban centers , through the experiences of Pennsauken and two towns in southern Ohio .
By Jorn Madslien
Business reporter , BBC News , Geneva motor show
If the new 5 - series fails to wow customers , the whole company could suffer
Amidst the thousands of cars on display at the Geneva motor show there is one that stands out , if not for its looks than for its importance for the company that makes it .
For the first time since 2003 , BMW has redesigned its 5 - series executive model range .
No other model on display at the Geneva motor show means as much to its marque as the sixth - generation 5 - series - with the obvious exception of small manufacturers with only one or two models in their arsenal .
Getting the 5 - series right is crucial for BMW as it is the biggest single contributor to the company 's bottom line .
Get it wrong and the world 's largest luxury car maker will almost certainly be knocked back from the top spot by its chief rivals , Mercedes and Audi .
Brand builder
As a brand builder , the 5 - series ' job is to shine a bright light on BMW 's other models .
" The 5 - series , for me , is right at the centre of the brand , " Ian Robertson , BMW Group board member in charge of sales and marketing , tells BBC News in an interview .
So far , we have more than 2.500 orders , and that is before anyone 's even driven it
Ian Robertson , sales and marketing director , BMW Group " This is the successful businessman 's car , really .
It carries the BMW brand . "
Hence , if the sixth - generation 5 - series is deemed desirable , then so will its smaller siblings , such as the new 3 - series , which is up for renewal in 2012 , and its small 1 - series , which will be renewed next year .
If not , then nor will they .
Profit driver
But the 5 - series is more than simply a driver of sales across the BMW marque .
It is also much more profitable than its siblings .
It costs roughly the same to make the more expensive 5 - series as it costs to make the cheaper 3 - series ; in essence , it is much harder to make decent profit margins from small cars .
Mr Robertson is eager to dismiss the myth that the 5 - series accounts for more than 50 % of the BMW Group 's profits , even though it accounts for just 25 % of sales .
But he acknowledges that it contributes " a significant proportion " - though one that is gradually being reduced as the group 's UK Mini and Rolls - Royce subsidiaries continue to grow , and as the BMW marque 's own model line - up is extended .
Sales driver
The 5 - series is nevertheless central to BMW 's strategy to raise its profit margin to some 8 - 10 % by 2012 , in part because it is cheaper to make than its predecessor , in spite of being longer , wider and heavier .
Rivals Audi and Mercedes are investing in new models to overtake BMW BMW invested a third less to get the car into production and its manufacturing costs have been reduced by 15 % compared with its predecessor .
The 5 - series should also help raise BMW Group sales back to more than 1.3 million cars this year after a 10.4 % fall in sales in 2009 , the company hopes .
Indeed , although the fifth - generation 5 - series sold 1.1 million cars during its lifetime , BMW believes the new one could beat that record .
" So far , we have advance orders for the next two - and - a - half to three months , and that is before anyone 's even driven it , " says Mr Robertson .
Crucially , as well as in Germany the 5 - series is produced in China , which has overtaken the US as the world 's biggest car market .
There the previous 5 - series has been popular with owners who have private chauffeurs , thus helping boost BMW sales in the country by 37.5 % in 2009 .
Small cars
The 5 - series has changed dramatically over the years , yet the biggest new development has been the growth of the series ' family of derivatives .
The Rolls - Royce and Mini brands have reduced the 5's relative importance Last year , BMW launched the 5 - series GT , which is larger and arguably more luxurious than its conventional saloon models .
And there is also a sports utility vehicle in the series , the X5 .
Such differentiation can be seen across the luxury segment , with German rival Audi , for instance , set to increase the number of models it offers from 32 last year to 42 by 2015 .
Most notably , Audi is displaying its small A1 at the motor show , a car that is widely seen as the first serious rival to BMW 's Mini , except for its own 1 - series .
Mercedes , meanwhile , is still relatively weak in the small car market , where demand is expected to grow quite fast in the next few months and years .
But neither of BMW 's main rivals are standing still .
All three are investing heavily in new model development , so there are no guarantees that BMW will retain the top spot in the future .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CARACAS ( Reuters ) - A blaze raged on the Avila mountain over Caracas for a third day on Tuesday , threatening wildlife in its national park and sending smoke billowing over the upper reaches of the Venezuelan capital .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
Since the weekend , the fire has lit up the night sky and consumed nearly 120 hectares ( 300 acres ) of the Avila ’s thickly wooded slopes , which are home to more than 120 mammal species and 500 types of bird .
The authorities said some 200 firemen , police and volunteers had been battling the flames , which have been fanned by strong winds and the heat caused by a severe drought .
Civil Protection director Luis Diaz Curbelo said they had thought they had the blaze under control .
“ But during the day the heat and the breeze mean that any spot still alight can set off the blaze again , and that ’s what happened yesterday , ” he told reporters .
Venezuela has been badly hit by a prolonged dry spell that has reduced water levels in its hydroelectric dams to critical levels and triggered the nation ’s worst electricity crisis .
Diaz Curbelo , however , did not rule out arson .
“ It was strange that it began above the firebreak and in two areas simultaneously , ” he said .
The Avila , a 8,990 - foot ( 2,765 - meter ) mountain that towers over Caracas and separates the city from the Caribbean to the north , is the capital ’s most recognizable symbol .
But several fires over the past few months have seen emergency helicopters dumping water onto the mountain , and the combination of a heatwave and the blazes has left a hazy fog shrouding the city for weeks at a time .
Popular with hikers and bird watchers , the Avila boasts almost 90,000 hectares of protected tropical forest .
President Hugo Chavez renamed the park Waraira Repano in October 2007 after the mountain ’s indigenous name .
This week we ’re celebrating the 5th anniversary of the release of Guild Wars .
Coincidentally , this year also marks the 10th anniversary of the founding of our company .
We founded this company because we wanted to shake up a risk - averse industry , and show that game companies do n’t have to just keep making the same games over and over again to be successful .
We believe that gamers want to try new things , new experiences , and that they ’ll reward the companies who can bring them something new .
So five years ago we released Guild Wars , which was really a new thing .
It was an RPG , but it also had elements of a strategy game ; unlike most RPGs it was inspired more by M:tG than D&D ; it was an online world with no monthly fees .
We called it a CORPG but the ‘ net raged with debates about whether or not it was an MMORPG .
However you categorized it did n’t matter ; it was a fun , new , different experience .
We thought we could sell a million copies , and we ended up selling over 6 million .
We ’re not going to rest on our laurels now .
We started this company to innovate and bring players new experiences .
Guild Wars 2 is the perfect game for Guild Wars players , but it ’s not just the same game repeated again .
We took this opportunity to question everything , and we have some exciting answers for you today .
The first thing you should know about Guild Wars 2 is that , this time around , there ’s no question that it ’s an MMORPG .
It ’s an enormous , persistent , living , social world , filled with a wide variety of combat and non-combat activities .
There ’s so much depth here that you ’re never going to run out of new things to discover .
… if you hate traditional MMORPGs , then you should really check out Guild Wars 2
So if you love MMORPGs , you should check out Guild Wars 2 .
But if you hate traditional MMORPGs , then you should really check out Guild Wars 2 .
Because , like Guild Wars before it , GW2 does n’t fall into the traps of traditional MMORPGs .
It does n’t suck your life away and force you onto a grinding treadmill ; it does n’t make you spend hours preparing to have fun rather than just having fun ; and of course , it does n’t have a monthly fee .
Should n’t great MMORPGs be
great RPGs too ?
It sometimes feels like our industry has thrown the baby out with the bathwater .
When you play an RPG , you want to experience a compelling and memorable storyline .
You want your choices to matter .
You want your actions to leave their mark on the world .
Let ’s start demanding those things of MMOs too .
The original Guild Wars was known for the level of storytelling it brought to online RPGs , so with GW2 we obviously wanted to take it to the next level .
In GW you experience the story of the world , but the story in GW2 is the personal story of your character as well .
You fill out a biography at character creation time that defines your background and your place within the world , and that starts you on your path .
Then the choices you make will take the story in different directions .
Each time you play through the game , you can experience a different storyline .
Some games mostly tell story through quest text .
But we ’ve all clicked so many exclamation points and accepted so many quests in our lives that we ’re pretty immune to quest text at this point .
GW2 tells story by allowing the player to befriend and adventure with key characters , by presenting him with moral dilemmas that will impact the lives of the people around him , and by having him live through world - changing events and all the key moments of the storyline .
In addition to great storyline and important player choices , another hallmark of great RPGs is that they create a world that feels real and alive .
Let ’s say a village is being terrorized by bandits .
You do n’t want to find out about that because there ’s a villager standing there motionless with an exclamation mark over his head who says when you click on him , “ Help , we ’re being terrorized by bandits . ”
You want to find out like you would in GW2 : because the bandits are attacking , chasing villagers through the streets , slaying them and setting their houses on fire .
You can stand up for the villagers , or you can watch their village burn to the ground and then deal with the consequences .
We ’ve worked hard to create a living , dynamic world for you , where there ’s always something new to do .
It ’s time to make MMORPGs more social
MMOs are social games .
So why do they sometimes seem to work so hard to punish you for playing with other players ?
If I ’m out hunting and another player walks by , should n’t I welcome his help , rather than worrying that he ’s going to steal my kills or consume all the mobs I wanted to kill ?
Or if I want to play with someone , should n’t we naturally have the same goals and objectives , rather than discovering that we ’re in the same area but working on a different set of quests ?
We think of GW2 as the first MMO that actually has a cooperative PvE experience .
When I ’m out hunting and suddenly there ’s a huge explosion over the next hill – the ground is shaking and smoke is pouring into the sky – I ’m going to want to investigate , and most other players in the area will too .
Or if the sky darkens on a sunny day , and I look up and see a dragon circling overhead preparing to attack , I know I ’d better fight or flee , and everyone around me knows that too .
With traditional MMOs you can choose to solo or you can find a good guild or party to play with .
With GW2 there ’s a third option too : you can just naturally play with all the people around you .
I personally spend a big chunk of my time in traditional MMOs soloing , but when I play GW2 I always find myself naturally working with everyone around me to accomplish world objectives , and before long we find ourselves saying , “ Hey , there ’s a bunch of us here ; let ’s see if we can take down the swamp boss together , ” without ever having bothered to form a party .
Of course GW2 has great support for parties , but they just do n’t feel as necessary as they do in other MMOs , because your interests are always aligned with all other nearby players anyway .
When someone kills a monster , not just that player ’s party but everyone who was seriously involved in the fight gets 100 % of the XP and loot for the kill .
When an event is happening in the world – when the bandits are terrorizing a village – everyone in the area has the same motivation , and when the event ends , everyone gets rewarded .
We even redesigned the competitive part of the game to be friendly like this .
Now worlds can compete against each other , through the mists that separate them , for scarce resources that benefit an entire world .
Joining this PvP competition is completely optional , just like it was in the original GW , but if you do compete you ’re now going to find that your world welcomes you with open arms .
You do n’t have to join a party to join the fight .
All you have to do is get out there and start helping .
Everyone has the same objective , and if your world can get 501 people working for the same goal , that ’s only going to be more helpful than 500 people .
Rethinking combat
Finally , since combat is such a core part of the gameplay of any MMO , we ’ve put a lot of emphasis into rethinking combat .
So much of traditional MMO combat is rote and repetitive .
You execute the same strategy over and over again , just augmented over time with better and better gear .
After a while it starts to feel like you ’re playing a spreadsheet .
Combat needs to be about making creative choices , and it needs to feel immediate , active , and visceral .
So we ’ve put a huge focus on strengthening our combat , giving the player limitless choices , and providing the thrill and joy of being in combat .
The original GW featured a CCG - like skill system that allowed each player to discover unique combos and new strategies .
Theoretically every Elementalist in the game could approach combat with a different strategy .
In fact players found thousands of interesting strategies over the years , most of which our designers never anticipated , which is always the sign of a flexible system .
GW2 shares this flexible skill system .
The big difference is that now skills are much more visual in explaining what they do .
The process of actually discovering combos , or understanding them when they ’re used against you , is a lot more clear , because you can visually see how skills combo with each other .
An Elementalist can cast Fire Wall next to an opponent , and then switch to Water attunement , which freezes all enemies around him .
Using the concussive force of Water Trident , he can slam his frozen enemy into the Fire Wall , leaving him to roast in the flames .
GW2 adds even more possibilities for distinguishing yourself in combat .
Now you can choose a race , and each race comes with unique combat abilities , such as the Norn ’s ability to transform himself into a bear .
And now you can build up and select traits for your character which give you new intrinsic abilities , such as the Elementalist ’s Stone Boots trait , which keeps his feet firmly planted on the ground even when an attack or skill effect would normally toss him through the air .
And like the original GW , in GW2 the creativity does n’t end with your own character .
When you play with others , you ’ll find that your abilities can complement theirs , and that you can discover new skill combos and strategies between professions .
So if you ’re playing an Elementalist , try casting a fire wall , and then see what happens when your friends shoot projectiles through it .
Then we add environmental weapons to mix up combat even more .
In the original GW you ’d sometimes find a catapult or trebuchet that you could take over and fire at enemies .
That ’s one type of environmental weapon , and in GW2 we have dozens more .
If a Stone Elemental throws a boulder at you , pick it up and throw it back .
Or as an Elementalist , use that boulder to create a meteor storm .
If you ’re fighting an Oakheart with an axe and you manage to hack off a branch , pick up the branch and try using it as a weapon .
If you meet a beekeeper outside town , buy a jar of bees from him and see what happens when you lob it at nearby enemies .
If you come across a stash of powder kegs , do n’t just blow them up in place , but try moving them to where they can do the most damage .
If a centaur wheels a siege machine up to the outskirts of a village , do n’t just destroy it ; take it over and use it to turn the tide of battle .
And while you ’re discovering new opportunities , new weapons , new combos , and new strategies , you ’re surrounded by the pure visceral joy of combat .
Smash a monster with a plank and watch him fly through the air .
Avoid the Oakheart ’s roots as they creep out of the ground looking to entangle you .
Launch yourself on a sweeping attack that takes you behind your enemy .
Smash open the garrison gate and begin your assault .
Dodge out of the way before the Drake Broodmother unleashes her fire attack .
It all gets back to our basic design philosophy .
Our games are n’t about preparing to have fun , or about grinding for a future fun reward .
Our games are designed to be fun from moment to moment .
Guild Wars 2 is a deep and rich game , and we have so much more to tell you .
What I covered here is just the tip of the iceberg .
So in the coming days we ’ll be releasing a series of in - depth articles on different aspects of the game .
The first one is written by our lead designer , Eric Flannum , and will tell you all about our combat systems .
This is an exciting time for ArenaNet .
We ’re a company of passionate gamers with one mission : to make Guild Wars 2 the best MMORPG ever created .
We are a 150 + person development team and we ’re betting our company on Guild Wars 2 .
If this sounds like the kind of game you ’ve been waiting for , join us on Facebook and Twitter , and help us get the word out to other gamers as well .
As you ’re reading this , we ’re playing the game constantly , tweaking it and polishing it , adding more content , and getting it ready for you .
Over the next few months we ’ll be revealing more and more about the game , and we ’ll be working with our community every step of the way .
Because in the end , this is n’t just our game – we want it to be yours as well – and we ca n’t wait to play it with you .
– Mike O’Brien
From OWASP
Authors
Justine Osborne ( www.isecpartners.com)
Ryan McGeehan ( Facebook )
This document provides a basic outline / best practice for developing secure applications on the Facebook platform .
Facebook applications are web , desktop , or mobile applications that make use of the Facebook API to integrate tightly with the social network experience .
This document is designed for the Facebook developer , but it can also be used as a reference for non-technical readers .
Depending on the reader ’s level of technical understanding of security vulnerability classes and the Facebook platform , sections of the document may be skimmed or skipped .
The Facebook application developer has many choices in how they integrate into the Facebook platform with their application .
It is important to understand the basic elements of the platform before diving into the details of Facebook application security , as each method of integration has different security properties .
If you are already familiar with the Facebook platform components , feel free to skip this section .
There are two main categories of Facebook applications : Platform applications and Facebook Connect applications .
Both types of application can use Facebook markup and scripting languages , as well as a REST client to access the Facebook API .
Facebook Connect applications communicate with Facebook through crossdomain communication channels .
Platform applications communicate directly with the Facebook servers .
The following terms will be referenced when discussing Facebook applications :
Application canvas
The application canvas is the page on Facebook servers where an application lives .
Application canvas pages are accessed through the apps.facebook.com domain .
For example , the application canvas URL for a fictional game called “ Goatworld ” might look like this : http://apps.facebook.com/goatworldgame/ .
The application canvas page will either be Facebook markup language or an external site hosted within an IFRAME .
Canvas callback URL
The canvas callback URL is the file or directory on the developer ’s application servers where the application files are hosted .
Facebook proxies the content from the canvas callback URL to the application canvas page .
Post - Authorize callback URL
The callback URL is a page on the developer ’s servers which is pinged by Facebook each time a user authorizes the application .
Platform applications Platform applications run in a sandbox and are accessed through the application canvas page .
There are two types of platform applications that use different methods for sandboxing , including FBML and IFRAME .
FBML
Applications written using the Facebook markup and scripting languages instead of the traditional HTML and JavaScript .
When a user accesses the application canvas page , the Facebook proxy pulls down the FBML from the application servers and translates it into HTML before rendering in the user ’s browser .
It follows that the application code runs in the apps.facebook.com domain .
These applications can access Facebook user data directly using FBML , but may also make calls to the Facebook REST API servers .
IFRAME
Applications that are written using traditional web development languages such as HTML , JavaScript , CSS , and run on the developer ’s application servers in an IFRAME hosted in the Facebook application canvas page .
These applications cannot use FBML directly , so they tend to rely on components from Facebook Connect , such as XFBML and the JavaScript client library , as well as the Facebook REST API .
Facebook Connect Applications
Facebook Connect applications do not run directly on the Facebook platform , but can access a set of powerful APIs to integrate closely with Facebook .
Facebook Connect applications can be web , mobile or desktop applications .
Connect applications use XFBML tags ( which are similar to FBML ) as well as the JavaScript client library , the Facebook PHP client or a Facebook REST client in any language .
Security Goals
The first step in securing any application is to outline the required security guarantees your application needs to make , and then to select mechanisms that support those guarantees .
For a Facebook application , the security challenges are slightly different than a regular application .
The following is a non-exhaustive list of important items that a Facebook application developer has to keep in mind when thinking about security :
When a user authorizes your Facebook application , they have permitted your application to obtain access to their Facebook account .
The application is granted read access to profile data , friend information , and photo albums .
The application can also be granted write access to the user profile , status updates , notifications , and the ability to send emails to the user , when the user grants the application the privilege to access restricted Facebook APIs .
The application must be as resilient as possible against attacks which could compromise the application 's access to a user ’s Facebook account through the trust the user has granted the application .
In order to respect the user ’s trust in your application , as well as to keep your application from being removed by Facebook , it is very important to adhere to Facebook ’s privacy guidelines .
Facebook denotes what user data is allowed to be stored by your application and for how long .
When you do store Facebook account data , use sufficient access controls to guard this data from anyone but the legitimate , authenticated user .
More information about privacy and storable user data can be found here : http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Understanding_User_Data_and_Privacy
http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Storable_Data
Protect application - specific user account data and state
Make sure you understand the differences between how Facebook applications and traditional applications approach authentication , authorization , and access controls .
The application relies on Facebook to tell whether a user has been authenticated , as well as other information about the user ’s session .
It is your responsibility to ensure that this information has not been forged or tampered with , before calling Facebook APIs or returning Facebook data for the user .
Protect against common web application vulnerabilities
Protect against common web application vulnerabilities that put application specific data and servers at risk .
The Facebook sandboxing of platform applications can sometimes be confused as a protection mechanism for the application .
However , Facebook sandboxing only provides protection to Facebook servers .
Application servers can be attacked directly , and the minor protection mechanisms the platform sandboxing provides can sometimes be bypassed .
It is therefore just as crucial to guard your Facebook application against the same common vulnerabilities you would in a traditional application .
When integrating an HTTPS site with the Facebook platform it is important to maintain the confidentiality and integrity guarantees offered by the protocol , in spite of the fact that Facebook does not serve its own content over SSL .
The application canvas page is not served over SSL , which implies that it is impossible to provide support for SSL communication in an FBML application .
Facebook Connect does provide support for SSL .
This will be important to take into account when deciding on your method of integration with the Facebook platform .
Important Rules to Follow
Before delving into the specifics , consider the following list of important rules for secure development on the Facebook platform .
The remainder of this document will provide further detail on the vulnerabilities and protections referred to in each of these rules .
The Facebook Application secret is given to you upon registering your application , and it is used to authenticate requests to and from the application .
If the secret is revealed to an attacker then they can forge requests to and from the application .
Store the secret in a secure place ( i.e. not hardcoded in the source or in source control repositories , such as SVN ) and make it available to as few people as possible , such as net ops and dev leads .
Do not hardcode FB application secret
Do not hardcode FB application secret or any other secrets in SWFs , JavaScript , or any other client side code such as iPhone and Desktop applications .
Attackers can easily decompile SWFs to discover their secrets .
The strings ( 1 ) program can be used to identify secrets in other client binaries .
Instead , use the session secret to call many sensitive APIs , or a server side relay proxy to call APIs which require the application secret .
The Facebook signatures that are sent with requests should always be checked in order to verify that the request has not been tampered with and was sent legitimately by Facebook .
The signature is created by an MD5 hash of the request parameters concatenated with the application secret , which should only be known to the application developer and Facebook .
This signature can in some cases also be checked to provide protection from Cross - Site Request Forgery ( CSRF ) attacks when it is sent in the GET or POST parameters .
Provide additional CSRF protection mechanisms
Provide additional CSRF protection mechanisms especially with Facebook Connect sites .
It is recommended to implement a separate CSRF protection mechanism that is designed specifically to mitigate this vulnerability class .
In Facebook Connect sites , the signature and parameters are sent as cookie values rather than as URL parameters .
Therefore , these sites need additional CSRF protection as the signature will be automatically sent with the request , even if the request was forged by an attacker .
This applies to platform applications which make use of features of Facebook Connect .
In this case , the signatures will sometimes be sent as request parameters , and sometimes as cookie values .
Validate and perform output encoding of user controlled data ( as usual ) and beware of XSS vulnerabilities in FBML applications .
In FBML applications , Facebook will translate any JavaScript to FBJS , which makes traditional XSS attacks that use JavaScript difficult ( Facebook would hope this is impossible ) .
However , the attacker can still inject FBML .
If the attacker is able to inject into the application canvas , they can use the FB : SWF tag to inject a SWF from arbitrary domains .
Facebook automatically passes any SWFs loaded in the application canvas all user specific secrets ( such as the session key and session secret which must be passed with more sensitive API calls ) .
This has an equivalent effect to XSS attacks on traditional applications that steal the user session cookies .
Other types of FBML tags can also be injected , which allow an attacker to abuse the user ’s trust in allowing the application to have access to their Facebook account , or maliciously redirect them to other sites .
Configure restrictive crossdomain.xml policy file
The crossdomain.xml policy file must be restrictive in order to keep attackers from changing the flashvars passed to the SWF , potentially subverting verification of the Facebook parameters passed .
The crossdomain.xml policy file should be as restrictive as possible to allow access only from the trusted domains that are necessary .
Lock down administrative functionality
Keep administrative functionality on an entirely separate domain , preferably available only internally .
A common flaw in Facebook applications is that they allow access to the administrative functionality based on a white list of hardcoded Facebook IDs , and is accessible from the same domain as the application .
This allows for XSS attacks to have an even more devastating effect and could make it easier to discover the structure of requests for CSRF attacks .
Also , because Facebook does not use HTTPS , sessions of administrators may be hijacked and used to access the administrative functionality .
Require additional authentication mechanisms for administrative functionality .
Common Vulnerabilities and Protections
The following section will cover a few common web application vulnerabilities where specific care needs to be taken in order to protect Facebook applications .
Authentication and Authorization
In order for any Facebook application to make use of the API , the user must first authorize the application and establish a session .
After a user authorizes the application , a session is created by Facebook .
The session information is then passed by Facebook to the post - authorize URL as request parameters , or it is set in cookies scoped to the application domain using JavaScript .
Facebook Connect applications rely only on cross-domain communication between Facebook and the application to process API calls .
Both Facebook servers and the application servers must authenticate these communications .
Otherwise , attackers could spoof or tamper with requests from either party .
The API key
The API key is given to you when you setup your Facebook application .
Facebook uses this unique key to identify your application .
The key is public , and will be sent in the clear with requests sent by Facebook to your application , and can be included in client side code such as JavaScript and Flash .
The application secret
The application secret is also distributed during application setup .
This secret is used to authenticate the communication between Facebook and your application .
The secret is private to your application and must never be revealed .
The session key
The session key is the key to a temporary session which expires after an hour or when the user logs out of Facebook .
The session key is set by Facebook when a user authorizes the application .
The session key is used to call API methods that require an active session .
For example , and calls to friends .
get require a session key to determine which user to retrieve the friends for .
The session secret
The session secret is a user - specific secret that can be used in place of the application secret when generating a signature for making sensitive API calls .
The session secret is unique per user and short lived , and is thus much less sensitive than the application secret .
The session secret should always be used instead of the application secret in any client side code like JavaScript , Flash , mobile or desktop applications .
This keeps the application secret from being revealed either directly or through reverse engineering of client side binaries .
The list of APIs which can be called using the session secret can be found here : http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Session_Secret_and_API_Methods
Facebook passes parameters to the application with any requests that include the API key and the session key , as well as other values which provide information about the user and session .
Facebook sends the parameters as part of GET requests for IFRAME applications and as part of the POST body for FBML applications .
Different parameters will be set depending on the type of Facebook application and what the user is doing with the application .
One value included in the Facebook parameters is the signature , which is an MD5 hash of all the parameters concatenated with the application secret .
The application uses this value to verify that the parameters were not tampered with and were really sent by Facebook .
Conversely , the signature allows for Facebook to verify that API requests have not been tampered with and were legitimately sent by the application identified by the given API key .
Authenticating Communications from Facebook
Authenticating information will ensure it was legitimately sent by Facebook and not spoofed or tampered with .
When Facebook passes information about the user and session to your application in the Facebook request parameters or cookies , it may be tempting to use that information directly from the request .
However , attackers can control this data to forge or tamper with all of the Facebook parameters sent in the request , excluding the signature .
The signature cannot be forged , as it is generated with the application secret key which the attacker should not know .
Before using the values of any of the parameters received from Facebook , re-calculate the expected signature and verify that it matches the signature sent with the request .
In the event of a mismatch , reject the request entirely .
Some of the functions in the PHP client do this automatically .
For example , the function get_valid_fb_params from the Facebook PHP library will return the validated parameters .
The chosen client library should have built in functions to verify and generate the signature , but it can also be preformed manually .
Detailed information on the signature verification process can be found here : [ [ 1 ] ] .
Signature Verification
Signature verification using the application secret must never be done on the client side , as this would expose the secret .
Always perform signature verification using server code .
The signature verification process is different depending on the type of Facebook application :
Platform applications
In platform applications , Facebook will send the signature and other parameters as part of the GET or POST request .
The application should grab the Facebook parameters from the request parameters , and recalculate the expected signature value using the signature generation algorithm , or the built in function from the Facebook client in use .
Facebook Connect Applications
For Facebook Connect applications the Facebook parameters are sent as cookies .
To verify these parameters , the application must extract the values from the cookies and perform the verification using the signature algorithm .
The Facebook PHP client supports cookie based signature verification and is well - tested .
The verification method must be checked in any unofficial libraries you may decide to use .
Facebook Connect applications do not need to verify the signature very often .
The most common scenario which requires verification of the Facebook cookies is when the session is being transferred from the client side to use server side libraries .
When this occurs , the application must verify the cookies sent with the session transfer request .
Otherwise , a malicious user could tamper with their cookies in order to trick the server into believing they were another user .
More information on server side integration with Facebook Connect applications can be found here : http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Using_Facebook_Connect_with_Server-Side_Libraries.
Signature Generation
Signatures must be generated in order to call sensitive APIs and in order to re-calculate the signature as part of the verification process .
The Facebook PHP library includes functions for performing signature generation .
For server side code , the application should generate the signature using these API functions or by re-implementing the signature generation algorithm .
For client side code such as Flash , JavaScript , mobile and desktop applications , which cannot use the application secret directly , there is an alternate secret used to generate the signature : the session secret .
The session secret can be used to call many APIs , but there are some API functions that can only be called with the application secret .
In this case , the client side application should create a simple , server - hosted proxy which makes the necessary API calls and relays the result back to the client side application .
Depending on the type of application , there are several different options for retrieving the session secret .
Desktop and iPhone Applications
Desktop and iPhone applications should either use a Session proxy ( http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Session_Proxy) to create a session and retrieve the session secret , or embed a Web browser in the application in order to use Facebook Connect to start the session .
In order to obtain the user session in the traditional manner , an iPhone or Desktop application would have to call auth.getSession .
However , calls to auth.getSession must be signed with the application secret .
The application secret must never be hardcoded in the source of an iPhone application .
Attackers can easily decompile Objective C and thus the secret can be discovered by anyone who downloads the application .
Therefore , this API method is not safe for direct use in iPhone applications .
The same is true for Desktop applications using Adobe Air or .NET .
The session proxy is simply a callback to an application server which then makes the auth.getSession call on the server and returns the resulting session variables back to the iPhone application .
Ensure that the call to auth.getSession is made at an HTTPS endpoint , as this is required to protect the session secret from being revealed to network attackers when it is sent back to the application .
The other option is use the Facebook Connect API via a Web browser embedded in the application .
In this case , the application developer must direct the embedded browser to Facebook login pages with specific URL parameters which direct Facebook to return the session information .
One of these parameters contains the URL to which the user will be redirected after they successfully login .
The session secret can then be retrieved from this URL and passed back to the application .
The session secret can then be safely stored on the user ’s system until they close the application .
More detailed information can be found at http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Authorization_and_Authentication_for_Desktop_Applications
Facebook Connect Websites
When making API calls using the JavaScript client library , Facebook Connect web applications should generate the signature for API calls using the session secret , in much the same way that desktop applications do .
The session secret will be passed to the application callback URL after the user has authorized the application .
More detailed information on this process can be found here : http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Authorization_and_Authentication_for_Desktop_Applications
Flash
Flash applications will be passed the Facebook parameters as flashvars from their hosting page .
The hosting page must validate the signature on the server side before passing it to the SWF object , as the application secret cannot be safely stored in the SWF .
This is due to the fact that SWFs can be downloaded by an attacker and easily decompiled in order to retrieve any secrets used in the ActionScript .
The ActionScript API can then use the session secret passed in these variables to generate signatures for further API calls .
Cross Site Request Forgery ( CSRF )
CSRF vulnerabilities exist when an application sends predictably structured requests which update server side state .
When such a request contains no unpredictable parameters , an attacker can create a forged version of the request and send it on behalf of arbitrary users , without their knowledge .
.
CSRF attacks and defense are described in detail in the following CSRF whitepaper : https://www.isecpartners.com/files/CSRF_Paper.pdf.
This vulnerability class can be difficult to understand .
One common example of a CSRF vulnerability and protection mechanism that we are all used to is the password update feature of many web applications .
It is a common requirement that the user enter their current password as well as their new password in a password update form .
This requirement is in fact a CSRF protection mechanism ( as well as adherence to other design principles ) .
Consider the case where the current password is not required when performing the update .
In this case , an attacker could forge the request which updates the user password .
If the attacker can get the victim to load the forged request in a browser with an active session on the site , the browser will send along the victim ’s session cookies with the request .
This can be done by placing the forged request as the source of an IMG tag or an invisible IFRAME in a place where users of the application are likely to browse to , or as link disguised with a tinyURL service in a Facebook status message or comment box .
When the server receives the request , it will have no way of distinguishing the forged request from a request sent purposefully by the user .
The server will thus perform the password update action and update the user account with the attacker supplied password .
The victim will then be locked out of their account .
Fortunately , most applications require the current password to be sent with password update requests .
This way , if an attacker attempts to send a forged request on behalf of their victim , the request will fail because the attacker will not have the victim ’s current password .
While the user password can act as a CSRF protection mechanism , it would be unreasonable to require the user to enter their password each time they make a request which updates server side state .
Fortunately , there are other ways to provide protection from this attack .
General protection from CSRF attacks ( recommended solution )
To provide protection against request forgery , the application should include and require a CSRF prevention token in the request that is both unpredictable and uniquely tied to the user session and action .
This token will be sent with every request which updates server side state .
When the server receives a request , it can check for the appropriate token value .
If the token is incorrect or does not exist , the request will fail .
One way such a token can be generated is through the following algorithm : HMAC_sha1 ( action_name + secret , session_id ) .
More CSRF token generation techniques can be found in the whitepaper referenced at the beginning of this section .
This token can be sent in a hidden form field with each request .
The server can then perform the calculation upon receiving the request and verify that the token sent with the request matches .
Because the secret exists only on the server side , the attacker will have no way of formulating the token for use in a forged request .
This is the recommended protection mechanism for CSRF attacks .
However , in some cases the Facebook signatures can also provide protection from this attack .
Protecting against CSRF attacks using the Facebook Signatures The Facebook signatures can provide protection from CSRF attacks , but they can not be relied upon in all circumstances .
The Facebook signatures are computed in a similar way to the recommended CSRF protection token algorithm ; the signature is a cryptographic hash of the request parameters and a server side secret .
Note that the use of the HMAC_sha1 hashing algorithm is significantly stronger than the MD5 hashing algorithm used by Facebook , which has been proven to be vulnerable to some attacks1 .
While the signature is an adequate CSRF protection token , there are a couple very important caveats to keep in mind if the Facebook signature is used as a CSRF protection mechanism :
Facebook signatures cannot protect against CSRF attacks when sent as cookie values .
CSRF protection tokens provide no protection when sent as cookie values .
( See http://www.win.tue.nl/hashclash/rogue-ca/) because the browser will automatically send cookie values with the request , thus the attacker does not need to guess the value , and the structure of the request remains predictable .
Facebook Connect applications send the signatures as cookie values , rather than request parameters .
Therefore , it is important to remember that these applications will have to provide a separate CSRF protection mechanism .
This caveat highlights one of the reasons to implement a separate CSRF protection system that is designed specifically for this class of vulnerabilities .
This way , code can be ported to different types of Facebook ( and non-Facebook ) applications and will still be protected from this class of attack .
The Facebook signature is not sent with all requests .
The Facebook signature is not always available for use as a CSRF protection token .
If this is your chosen method to provide CSRF protection , you must analyze your application you must analyze your application for areas where the server side state is being updated , but the Facebook signature is not sent with the request parameters .
These requests will have to be protected through a separate CSRF protection mechanism .
Cross Site Scripting ( XSS )
XSS attacks are one of the most common and dangerous web application vulnerabilities .
An XSS vulnerability exists when user controlled data is written directly to the page source without sufficient input validation or output encoding applied .
A common example of this vulnerability is a web page which takes values from request parameters and includes them directly in HTML or JavaScript without validation or sanitization .
Consider an example PHP page from an application which displays a username passed in via GET request parameters .
The source of this page contains the following code :
< ?php echo ( “ Your username is : ” .$ _GET [ “ username ” ] ) ; ?>
Now imagine that a malicious user tampers with the request parameters and enters the following string in the username field :
< script>alert(document.cookie ) ;< / script >
The source of the resulting page will then contain :
Your username is : < script>alert(document.cookie ) ;< / script >
When the browser renders this page , the script tag that was entered as the username will be written to the source of the page .
The browser will parse it as HTML and the script will be executed .
The malicious user can then exploit this vulnerability against other users by creating a request such as the following :
http://example.com/displayUserName.php?username=< script>alert(document.cookie ) ;< / script >
The attacker must then convince their victims to load the malicious request in a browser with an active session on the vulnerable site .
The attacker may do this by disguising the link with a tinyURL service and putting it in a place logged in users are likely to visit , such as a forum , or by posting it on a Facebook page .
When victims load the malicious request in their browser , the attacker injected script will execute and the user ’s session cookie will be revealed to the attacker ( in a real world scenario the script would contain something much more malicious than an alert box ) .
For example , the SAMY MySpace worm was propagated by exploiting an XSS vulnerability2 .
The attacker could also use an XSS vulnerability to rewrite the source of the page so that it becomes a convincing phishing page , or a page which prompts users to install malware .
Even cautious users may be tricked , as the page originates from a domain which they trust .
This attack can be used in many different ways to compromise the user ’s browser and session , and is also usually very easy to exploit .
So how should the developer have prevented this vulnerability ?
The developer should have validated and sanitized the value before writing it to the source of the page .
The corrected code would look as follows :
< ?php if ( ctype_alnum ( $username ) ) ( $ _GET [ “ username ” ] ) ) { $ username = htmlentities ( $ username ) ; echo ( “ Your username is : ” .$ username ) ; } else { echo ( “ The username you entered contains invalid characters ” ) ; } ?>
The conditional statement use the built in PHP function ctype_alnum to verify that the string entered contains only alphanumeric characters .
The htmlentities function is a built in PHP function which output encodes un - trusted data so that it is safe to use in the HTML context , so “ < ” becomes “ < ” and “ > ” becomes “ > ” .
The user controlled data from the GET request is now safe to write to the source of the page .
Prevent XSS attacks by using a combination of input validation and output encoding .
Most class libraries include functions for performing output encoding .
While output encoding provides strong protection against XSS , it is best to perform data validation before encoding .
The validation and encoding should always be performed on the server side , and should be done using a whitelist of known good data .
Instead of searching the data for bad characters , check that the string matches the expected format based on the type of input .
For example , if the user controlled data is a postal zip code , validate that the data is numeric , rather than searching the data for “ < ” characters .
It is always harder to enumerate the possible bad data , than to enumerate the possible good data .
Validating user controlled data before use is simply the correct way to write code , and along with helping to prevent XSS vulnerabilities , will make the application run more smoothly as a whole .
Output encoding can then be used for further protection , catching any data that could not be cleaned during input validation .
Cross Site Flashing ( XSF )
Flash applications can also be vulnerable to a similar issue to XSS .
When your Flash application uses functions which invoke JavaScript or retrieve URLs , you must check the data you pass to these functions .
If the data is user controlled , than an attacker can enter malicious JavaScript or pass a malicious URL .
Sometimes , the attacker may be able to load their own malicious SWF inside of the application due to such dangerous use of the loadMovie function .
A common mistake is to pass data from flashvars to these dangerous functions .
For more information see the following resource :
http://www.adobe.com/devnet/flashplayer/articles/secure_swf_apps.html
XSS attacks in Facebook applications are unusual due to the use of FBML , FBJS , XFBML , and the Facebook proxy .
In an XSS attack , the injection occurs in the domain of your application .
If the injection is possible due to a lack of input validation and output encoding in the application code , then the attacker can execute arbitrary HTML and JavaScript ; and in some cases XFBML .
The injected code can be used to steal any Facebook cookies which are set when using Facebook Connect code .
These cookies reveal the user session key .
FBML / FBJS applications
In an XSS attack on FBML applications , the injected data will be written directly to the source of the page in the apps.facebook.com domain .
However , as part of the Facebook sandboxing method for FBML applications , any injected script will be translated to FBJS .
This means that an attacker cannot send the traditional XSS payload which , for example , uses JavaScript to access the user session .
However , the attacker can still easily inject arbitrary FBML tags .
When an attacker can inject FBML , they can do things like inject an FB : SWF tag ( < fb: swf /> ) , which embeds a SWF in the application canvas page .
Whenever a SWF is loaded in the application canvas , Facebook will automatically pass it all of the Facebook parameters , including the session secret , as flashvars .
The attacker can then send the flashvars back to their server and then use this information to access the application and perform actions on behalf of the user .
Considerations for Flash Applications
There are a few things to keep in mind when creating Facebook applications with Flash .
Some of the information in this section may overlap with other sections , but is presented from the perspective of Flash applications .
To better understand the issues facing Flash applications , let us consider a fictional Flash based iFrame platform application called “ Goatworld ” , which is a game where players build teams of goat buddies with their Facebook friends .
Users can send goat buddy requests to their Facebook friends , and the more goat buddies the user has , the higher level they obtain in the game .
The application is built using Flash , and runs from a SWF hosted in an iFrame on the application canvas page .
The Facebook parameters are automatically passed to the application in the GET request which retrieves the hosting iFrame .
The hosting page takes these Facebook parameters and passes them to the Flash application as flashvars .
The Flash application then uses these parameters to make calls to Facebook using the ActionScript API .
When the game loads , the SWF uses the fb_sig_user parameter to discover the current user ’s goat buddies , and then sets the player ’s level accordingly .
Unfortunately , the hosting page does not validate the Facebook parameters before passing them to the Flash application .
This allows an attacker to intercept the request to the hosting page , and change the fb_sig_user parameter to that of a different Facebook user , who has many goat buddies .
Then , when the Flash application makes the call to retrieve the user ’s goat buddies , it will retrieve the list of the other user ’s friends .
This allows the attacker to discover the Facebook friends of other users , in addition to providing them with a way to cheat in the game .
This exemplifies that the Facebook signature must always be verified when trusting the Facebook parameters .
However , there are also other ways that an attacker can manipulate the flashvars passed to a SWF .
This has to do with the crossdomain communication policy configuration .
Crossdomain Policy
By default , the Flash runtime enforces the same origin policy and SWFs are only allowed to connect back to their domain of origin .
If the SWF needs to communicate to servers other than its domain of origin , the crossdomain.xml policy file must be in place to grant access .
The crossdomain.xml policy will grant communication to that server from SWFs hosted on the domains specified .
When a SWF attempts to make the connection , it will check for the crossdomain.xml file in the web root of the domain it is attempting to connect to .
It is very important to properly configure this policy file so that it restricts the access it allows .
A dangerously configured crossdomain.xml is as follows :
< cross-domain - policy > < allow - access - from domain= " * " />
< / cross -domain - policy >
This dangerous configuration allows access from any domain , effectively enabling Flash content on any site to attack your application .
This would allow an attacker to host your SWF on their site , and although the SWF ’s domain of origin is now the attacker ’s , the SWF can still make calls back to its original domain because of the badly configured crossdomain.xml file in place .
This gives the attacker control of the flashvars the SWF uses , and would allow the attacker to , for example , provide a different value for the fb_sig_user parameter and other Facebook parameters passed to the SWF .
This also allows any domain to make crossdomain AJAX calls to your server , read data , and send custom headers with requests .
This can lead to a whole host of serious issues .
Only configure a crossdomain.xml file that grants access only the specific , trusted , domains the SWF needs to connect from .
For example , consider a SWF whose domain of origin is sometimes foo .
example.com , and sometimes bar .
example.com , but it always needs to call back to code on example .com .
The policy file hosted at example .com should then look like this :
< cross-domain - policy > < allow - access - from domain = " foo.example.com " /> < allow - access - from domain= " bar.example.com " /> < / cross -domain - policy >
This will allow the SWF to be hosted at either the foo or bar sub domains , but will not allow it to be hosted at the attacker ’s site .
Furthermore , it will not allow arbitrary domains access to the server through crossdomain requests .
More detail on crossdomain.xml policy files can be found here : http://www.adobe.com/devnet/articles/crossdomain_policy_file_spec.html .
More information on development using Flash can be found at http://www.adobe.com/devnet/facebook/ .
Secure transport using SSL
The HTTPS protocol provides the ability to transport information securely over the network using public key cryptography .
The protocol provides confidentiality and integrity guarantees .
When communicating over HTTPS , one can have some confidence on who they are talking to and that the data sent cannot be successfully tampered with .
Without using HTTPS there can be no such guarantee .
Facebook does not serve its own content over HTTPS .
However , it is still possible to leverage the security benefits of an HTTPS site using Facebook Connect .
The following guide discusses how to use Facebook Connect with an SSL site : http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Facebook_Connect_Via_SSL.
Areas of an application which deal with financial transactions , such as online payments , must use HTTPS to protect their communications .
If you are writing a Facebook application that has a payments component , consider the following recommendations for integrating securely with Facebook .
Ensure that all sensitive API calls use HTTPS endpoints for client side applications
When making sensitive API calls , ensure that they are sent over HTTPS by calling them from an HTTPS endpoint .
For example , the function auth.getSession returns the user ’s session secret , which can be used to make sensitive API calls on behalf of the user .
For client side applications , the session secret is used in place of the application secret , and therefore must be guarded carefully .
Calls to auth.getSession should be made to an HTTPS endpoint , so that it will be returned to the client application over a secure connection .
The same applies for other sensitive server side APIs .
Ensure that sessions with the secure site are initiated over HTTPS
When a Facebook platform application which is served over HTTP needs to direct the user to a secure site ( for example to start a financial transaction ) , it is crucial that the session be initiated over HTTPS .
A common mistake is to direct the user to the secure site using HTTP , and then internally redirect to the HTTPS connection after , without changing the session identifier .
This is dangerous as it reveals the session identifier in the clear , before redirecting to the HTTPS site .
In the best case , the secure site should not be accessible over HTTP at all .
Set the Secure flag on all sensitive cookies
Setting the Secure flag on cookies tells the browser to only send the cookie over an HTTPS connection .
This will keep sensitive cookies from being revealed to network attackers .
Not setting the Secure flag severely undermines the protections provided by HTTPS , as the secure session can still be compromised .
Administrative Functionality
Because the Facebook platform is different than traditional application platform , securing administrative functionality can be confusing , and some compromises have to be made .
Developers of a Facebook application can set certain users to be administrators and moderators of the application .
There are certain API functions that can only be called by administrators .
These functions provide the ability to perform administrative actions for the Facebook application , such as banning and unbanning users , setting application properties , and retrieving information about the applications usage statistics .
It is tempting to include these functions in the same application canvas as the normal user functionality .
Unfortunately , this design goes against the principle of least privilege .
It is a best practice to keep the administrative functionality as separate as possible from the normal user application .
For Facebook applications , the following recommendations should be considered in order to secure administrative functionality .
Require HTTPS
Any administrative pages must be served only over HTTPS in order to protect from local network attackers .
This should be followed even if the administrative portion of the application is served only internally , to protect from rogue insider attacks .
The application can still use the Facebook API by using Facebook Connect with SSL to authenticate and then transferring the session to the server side in order to make admin API calls which require the application secret .
The session transfer process is described in detail here : http://wiki.developers.facebook.com/index.php/Using_Facebook_Connect_with_Server-Side_Libraries.
Host administrative functionality on a different domain than the normal application
It can be tempting to host the administrative portion of the application on the same domain as the rest of the application .
One common scenario is to check if the Facebook ID sent with the request is an administrator ’s ID and then to display the corresponding administrative functionality in the same Facebook canvas page as the rest of the application .
This is not recommended as it can allow for XSS attacks to have a more devastating effect , and can make it easier for an attacker to discover the administrative pages in order to perform CSRF attacks .
Instead , the administrative functionality should be hosted on an entirely separate domain .
The application can still use the Facebook API by using Facebook Connect and transferring the session to the server side API for calls which require the application secret .
Make endpoints available internally only
The application should only be available on the internal network .
As a rule , administrative interfaces should never be available from the internet .
Internal only hosting will greatly increase the difficulty of attacking the application , as the attacker will first have to gain access to the internal network .
Require additional authentication
The administrative portion of the application can use Facebook Connect to log into the application via Facebook credentials .
However , Facebook sessions are not secured over HTTP , so there is a potential for hijacking an administrators session .
If an administrator ’s session is hijacked by an attacker , they may be able to use that session to access the administrative functionality .
In order to provide further protection , require administrators to log into the application using separate credentials .
ST . LOUIS – “ We ’re tired of corporate America and the CEOs taking all our money , ” Ashli Bolden said as over 100 people protested inside the Bank of America tower here on March 24 .
Bolden , an organizer for the Missouri Progressive Vote Coalition , added , “ Corporate bonuses and golden parachutes have got to go .
They are the ones that got us into this mess , and now they ’re using our tax dollars for bonuses ! ”
Last year Bank of America received $ 45 billion in federal funding , while its CEO , Kenneth Lewis , received $ 10 million in bonuses in 2008 , 400 times what the average Bank of America teller is paid .
Since 2001 , Lewis has received over $ 136 million in pay , bonuses , stock options and pension contributions .
Johnathan McFarland , from the grassroots organization MORE ( Missourians Organized for Reform and Empowerment ) , said , “ It ’s not just about bonuses .
Bank of America is aggressively foreclosing on people ’s homes .
All they care about is profit . ”
As part of the action , protesters set up a tent inside of the Bank of America lobby , demanding to meet with Jack Schakett , BOA ’s loss mitigation executive .
Loss mitigators are supposed to negotiate terms for homeowners to prevent foreclosures .
Protester Richard Monroe fell behind on his mortgage while his wife was fighting cancer .
“ I ’ve been trying to re-modify my loan for a year , ” he told protesters .
“ And all I want to do is keep my home , ” he added .
“ I will pay everything I owe .
Just re-modify this loan for me , get it taken care of and then I ’ll pay everything off when the economy turns around . ”
Robin Acree , from rural Missouri - based Grass Roots Organizing ( GRO ) , said , “ Bank of America is bad for America .
They are bad for our economy , bad for business and bad for home owners . ”
Video from the lively St. Louis rally :
Photo : PW / Tony Pecinovsky
China has condemned US giant Google 's move to stop censoring search results and direct its users to an unrestricted Hong Kong site - effectively shutting its mainland Chinese search service .
But what do Chinese netizens make of it ?
Readers in China : Anger and regret
There is sharp division between the reactions from Chinese internet users on websites that lie inside and outside Chinese government censorship .
The vast majority of the comments and blogs on Chinese mainland websites appear to express hate and anger towards Google .
But tweets and comments that appear to come from users in mainland China on websites based outside the country express sympathy and support towards Google , and anger towards the Chinese government .
MAINLAND WEBSITES Source : www.163.com re : Google exits China
" This kind of company should definitely be cleansed from China !
Do n't give it any opportunity to do business in China !
Do you still assume that we are in the era of the Eight - Power Allied Forces [ the intervention by eight nations to end the 1900 Boxer rebellion ] ? "
" The power , status and reputation of a country is unshakable .
You are just a company that came to China not long ago and you are expecting special privileges ?
Nuts ! "
" Get out !
I have never used that fart Google .
Boycott the American products ! "
Source : www.sina.com.cn re : Google exits China " Just go away .
Do n't come back !
Hong Kong is also a part of China .
Do n't stay in Hong Kong . "
Source : www.qq.com re : Google exits China " National interest is above everything .
Without the nation nothing will stand .
Anyone who insults China is insulting over one billion Chinese people .
Stand up Chinese people !
Probably Google was here just to cause destruction and destroy Chinese unity . "
Source : www.sohu.com re : Google exits China
" We still have Baidu.com .
I do n't use much Google to start with .
Just go .
Who cares ?
Without it , China 's internet will become better in the future . "
" We welcome the exit of Google from China .
We allowed you to earn so much money , and you still caused all this fuss .
If you do n't want to abide by Chinese laws , just go away !
Hong Kong is also a part of China , so you should n't stay in Hong Kong either .
Google is just a global thug of the US imperialists . "
WEBSITES OUTSIDE THE CHINESE MAINLAND Source : Google Buzz by Frank " Google leaving China is a tragedy .
Whose tragedy is it ?
Google's ?
Or China's ?
Or a tragedy for the Chinese internet users ?
China is one step nearer a closed door .
Closure will lead to backwardness , and those who are backward will be beaten up .
This is the lesson that our predecessors have learned with bloodshed .
It is a tragedy for the whole nation . "
Source : Google Buzz by Jia Jia
" The exit of Google has nothing to do with good or evil .
A foreign company does not have the responsibility of helping China to become transparent and free .
The praise , accusations and expectations are just reflections of our own conditions . "
Source : Twitter re : Google exits China " Hello everyone , Train Line Harmony reminds you that passenger Google has been kicked out of the train due to its violation of train regulations .
Passengers on board please abide by the regulations , shut the curtains tight and do not watch the scenery outside .
The train will turn back soon .
Next stop Pyongyang . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GMAIL USERS :
We hope you 'll join the discussion over on Mashable ’s Google Buzz account .
Earlier today , we posted a buzz asking our followers : " What features would you like to see in Google Buzz ? "
We received just shy of 500 responses over the course of the afternoon , and we saw both big trends and unique ideas .
Here are a few of the biggest and best responses .
Some are obvious — some not so much .
We think they 're all great ideas , though , except maybe the last one !
But some 75 million people might disagree with us .
Keep reading to find out what we ( or rather you ) are talking about , and be sure to add your own ideas to the comments here or over on our Google Buzz .
The # 1 Request : Collapsible Comment Threads
Far and away , the most requested feature is the ability to collapse comments .
By our count , 197 of the 492 comments that we read before writing this requested this feature .
The issue is that posts are sorted on the main interface chronologically by the most recent comment .
That means any buzz that gets an insane number of comments ( like , say , the very " what features would you like " buzz we 're talking about ) gets stuck to the top of the feed because it keeps receiving new comments .
Since it has hundreds of comments , it 's so long that you " have to SCROLL FOR EIGHT YEARS , " as Buzz user Ian Wheat puts it .
The consensus is that if you 're following any brands or extremely popular individuals , this is a major issue because it makes Buzz almost unusable .
Maybe it did n't occur to Google because there were n't enough users testing Buzz internally to create the problem to begin with .
Better Facebook and Twitter Integration
The second most popular request was for integration with Facebook , and the ability to send buzz posts out to Twitter .
There are some technical challenges to the latter since Buzz allows more characters than Twitter does , but it would still be nice to be able to send buzzes that have less than 140 characters out to Twitter .
Of course , there 's no connection at all between Buzz and Facebook .
We suggested that this is going to be Buzz 's biggest challenge moving forward if it 's not resolved .
Facebook 's relationship with Microsoft makes this an even bigger challenge .
More Chronological Sorting Options
One consistent theme :
There should be more ways to sort buzzes and comments chronologically .
John Fredrickson summarized one of the most common requests succinctly : " We need a way to separate recently commented buzz from new buzz .
As it is right now , the recently commented buzz dominates the stream so that you never see any new buzz . "
This is of course related to the collapsible comments issue we mentioned above .
Many readers requested the ability to see the newest comments at the top of a buzz , not the bottom .
When a buzz 's comment thread gets long , you have to scroll down a long way to see what 's new or to post your own comment .
It 's a bit of a hassle .
Lisa Neal
Shaw also suggested the " ability to switch back and forth between trending and chronological buzzes . "
Repost / Rebuzz / Share
Folks could n't quite agree on the terminology , but no matter what they called it , a lot of them wanted the same thing : a Facebook Share or Twitter retweet - like feature to copy buzzes and send them out to followers .
Facebook has only recently added this feature ( though the implementation is closer to Buzz 's than it is to Twitter 's ) , but it 's a huge part of what makes Twitter work — especially for brands .
There was some dissent on this one , though .
Several people requested that a repost feature not be added , including Eric Droege , who said : " Please no re-post feature .
That is the most over - used Twitter feature and its annoying when someone just goes over and over retweeting . "
Other Suggestions
We liked Joshua Montgomery 's suggestion : " An application similar to the Google Wave Yes / No / Maybe .
It seems geared specifically for some of the posts I see .
' Is Google Buzz a Hit ? '
Use the Yes / No / Maybe app rather than 214 people having to list their answer . "
John Wilson and numerous others wanted " the ability to add photo / video to a comment . "
In contrast to the requests for greater Facebook and Twitter integration Robert de Castro said , " Definitely a way to mute specific 3rd party feeds ( Twitter , Friendfeed , etc ) ... people who tweet too much as it is , there just is n't a way around it unless you unfollow them completely . "
That is n't too surprising ; there 's a sizable minority of Facebook users who get frustrated with seeing Twitter hashtags and the like in their news feeds .
Jehad Affoneh wants Google to " add the update status bar somewhere on the top of Gmail .
I am not sure I want to sign in to Gmail , go to buzz then update my status every time I want to update my status . "
Robert N. Lee said only one word : " FARMVILLE . "
We 're not sure we 're with him on that one right now , but we 'll see !
Maybe he was being sarcastic , though .
We hope .
RICHMOND — The recession and overseas competition have carved away at Bay Area machine shops , but Paragon Machine Works , like some other local outfits , has found its footing by cultivating customers in the region 's emerging businesses .
The shop , which makes metal parts for everything from bicycles to bulldozers , has seen a shift in its customer base that mirrors changes in the Bay Area economy .
While Paragon is fielding fewer orders from makers of industrial equipment and wine - making gear , sales of high - end bike parts have grown ....
Reddit Email 0 Shares
FBI raids on the Hutaree Christian militia brought to light this formerly little - known group based in Adrian , Michigan .
Unlike the generally secular white supremacist organizations , Hutaree are explicitly Christians .
Many seem to be millenarians , expecting the end of time to come soon .
Like the so - called Patriot Movement , they are gun nuts .
They are said to be organized to kill the Antichrist , and some reports say that they planned violence against American Muslims .
Polling shows that about 1/4 of members of the Republican Party believe that President Obama is the Antichrist , and one fears that Hutaree may agree .
Irregular times has a good overview of their beliefs , which include secession from the US and return to colonial times , perhaps in preparation for another revolution .
( Will they have to register in South Carolina ? ) .
Some are antinomians , rejecting US laws .
They fear a liberal ‘ new world order . ’
Fox Cable News and Rupert Murdoch bear some responsibility for such groups .
When Glenn Beck tosses around a charge like ‘ anti-Christ ’ at a prominent liberal , he knows that term is an incitement for militant Christians .
And the years of rabid Fox promotion of hatred of US Muslims is bound to get someone among them killed – and is therefore murder by television .
I am struck that Hutaree has a great deal in common with the Mahdi Army of Muqtada al - Sadr in Iraq .
The Hutaree militia seems to recruit from the poor or lower middle class .
Michigan ’s real unemployment rate is said to be 17 % , and for many Michigan workers there have been years of hopelessness and joblessness , inducing despair and anger .
The Mahdi Army likewise drew on Iraqi unemployed and angry youth .
Many Sadrists believe that the Mahdi or Muslim messiah will soon come , perhaps accompanied by the return of Christ .
The Mahdi Army has sometimes targeted Christian video or liquor shops , as a symbol of the oppressive other ( yes , that is unfair to Iraqi Christians but they had the misfortune to be W.’s co-religionists . ) .
The Hutaree , a mirror image , target Muslims .
The Mahdi Army considered Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld the Dajjal or anti-Christ .
Both have an unhealthy interest in firearms for political intimidation of others .
The Hutaree fear the United Nations , as the Mahdi Army fears the US occupation .
( Muslim radical groups often also hate the UN . )
Both groups are victims of a neoliberal world order that uses and discards working people , while protecting and cushioning the super - wealthy .
Instead of a rational analysis of exploitatation , however , they are responding with emotion and symbol , projecting their economic and political alienation on other religious or ethnic groups ( the Mahdi Army ethnically cleansed tens of thousands of Sunni Muslims from Baghdad in the name of anti-imperialism .
They resort to irrational conspiracy theories , to religion and guns .
Admitedly , the Mahdi Army is somewhat more rational , since they really do face foreign occupation , though their targeting of Sunnis instead of forming a nationalist front was highly dysfunctional .
The US press is saying the Hutaree people are a Christian “ militia ” but is avoiding calling them ‘ alleged Christian terrorists . ”
Apparently only organized Muslim radicals can now be called terrorists .
End / ( Not Continued )
The Rio Group assertively announced the birth of its successor earlier this week , at a summit in a resort town on Mexico 's Caribbean coast .
Mexican President Felipe Calderon declared that a new body had been formed that would represent both the Group of Rio and the 15 - member Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) .
Going under the provisional name the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States ( CELC ) , the newly announced body specifically excluded the United States and Canada from membership , and intends to consolidate the sometimes tenuous solidarity among the Central and South American states .
The exclusion of the two North American powerhouses puts the nascent organization in direct competition with the Organization of American States ( OAS ) , established in 1948 , over which the US holds decisive authority .
The declaration is clearly a statement of South America 's new self - assertion , and comes in the wake of provocative times , as fellow Rio Group states rallied around Argentina in its current dispute with Britain over oil - drilling rights off the Falkland Islands .
The Rio Group and CARICOM convened at a Mexican seaside resort near Cancun
Nikolaus Werz , political scientist at the University of Rostock , believes that the emergence of the new body will only make Europe 's diplomatic ties with Latin America more complicated .
" We need a single point of contact , and this adds another to the long list we already have - the Rio Group , OAS , CARICOM and Unasur , " he told Deutsche Welle .
Almost every Latin American country was represented at the annual summit in Mexico , and together they succeeded in formulating some of the values of the sub -continent .
Calderon declared , " We have decided to base an organization on shared values including sovereignty and the non-use of force , including threats of force , international cooperation , ever closer integration of Latin America and the Caribbean and permanent political dialogue . "
Historical rhetoric
There was no shortage of high - flown and defiant rhetoric at the meeting , led predictably by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who spoke of finally throwing off the US - yoke .
" Now here , in Mexico , we have created a document , a compromise , the creation of a body of Latin America and the Caribbean , without the USA , " Chavez said at the summit .
" Now we can say from Mexico we have revived the dream and project of Bolivar . "
There was a strong sense that the region 's most left - wing , anti-American governments had pioneered the creation of the new organization , which is set to convene for the first time on July 5 , 2011 , in Caracas , Venezuela .
But Werz also suggested that the US 's influence on the sub - continent had waned in recent years anyway .
" The OAS failed as it tried to take on certain challenges , " he said .
" Other players have increased their presence in South America , notably China , but also the EU . "
In an interview with South American broadcaster Telesur , Bolivian president Evo Morales lent his own weight to the vision of a South American brotherhood united against the US .
Morales was among many who recently voiced concern about the huge US military presence now stationed on Haiti and the summit pledged to send a further $ 25 million ( 18.5 million euros ) to the earthquake - hit country .
" A union of Latin American countries is the weapon against imperialism .
It is necessary to create a regional body that excludes the United States and Canada , " Morales said .
" Where there are US military bases that do not respect democracy , where there is political empire with his blackmailers , with its constraints , there is no development for that country , and especially there is no social peace . "
President Calderon of Mexico , third right , announced the birth of the new organization
But the summit also revealed the many tensions likely to threaten the prospective new bloc .
The project nearly ran aground this week on the continuing conflict between neighboring Venezuala and Colombia .
Colombia is considered a close ally of the US , and Venezuela often perceives itself under threat .
Jamaican head of state Bruce Golding admitted that such tensions were unlikely to go away overnight .
" In the past , there were too many occasions where we fought one another .
But we still had to live in the same part of the world .
I hope that we find ways in the new community to talk about what divides us with the aim of achieving unity . "
Doubts over South American strength
But doubts have also been voiced about the strength and belligerence of the proposed body when it actually comes into being .
Few specifics have been revealed about its structure , much of which is yet to be decided , and Rafael Fernandez de Castro , Calderon 's top foreign policy advisor , told the Miami Herald newspaper that the new organization will have neither a building or a permanent staff , and would operate according to a " flexible " program of summits - in other words , CELC would convene either every one or two years .
On top of this , the six nations that have been chosen to draw up the new body 's mission statement - Mexico , Brazil , Chile , Jamaica , the Dominican Republic and Venezuela - are mainly countries with no interest in antagonizing the US .
The fact that US - friendly Chile takes over the two - year presidency of the Group of Rio in March is unlikely to sharpen tensions within the Americas either .
Author : Ben Knight
Editor : Rob Mudge
It ’s been a week since I took my QNAP NAS out of the box and powered it up for the very first time .
Things were n’t going well at first , but I ’m happy to report that the PEBKAC issue has been addressed .
So let ’s take a visual tour of the TS - 410 ’s web interface …
Here are the available networking options .
I can verify that MS networking ( aka Samba ) , Apple ’s AFP and FTP all work without issue .
As the files I ’m migrating to my NAS are currently on my Mac Pro , I ’ve got the QNAP hard - wired to it via Ethernet and connecting via AFP .
I ’m getting transfer speeds of about 10 MBs / second , not bad considering my data is being transcoded from HFS + to EXT3 on the fly .
( see correction in the first comment below )
Once I hook my QNAP up to my Linux rig I plan to access it via NFS , with an eye towards putting it on my wireless network at some point in the future .
Here are the QNAP ’s built - in apps .
So far I ’ve only used the Web File manager , which I ’m hoping has a “ find and erase ” option for all those stupid “ DS_Store ” files that OS X is dumping on my NAS .
I most certainly wo n’t have any need for the iTunes service , but it ’s nice to know that I could run this very blog from my QNAP if I had to !
There ’s also built - in support for surveillance cameras and direct - to - disk download apps like BitTorrent .
More functionality can be added via community - contributed QPKG plugins .
Managing my disks seems to be as easy as the grab above would suggest .
My 4th 500 GB drive is currently booting my Mac Pro , and will be added this weekend when I swap it out for the 250 GB Leopard abomination that I yanked on the day it arrived , and have been storing on a shelf ever since .
I could n’t resist adding this — a grab from QFinder , the OS X utility that ships with the QNAP .
I got this error message while I had a working AFP connection to one of the folders on my QNAP .
Check out point # 3 !
Other thoughts :
Despite having at least one on - board fan my QNAP runs very quietly .
The oldskool status lights and shrill beeps are kind of charming in a retro way .
And while I do n’t currently see any need to physically lock down my hard drives , it ’s nice to know that the option is there .
Despite what I wrote at my nadir last week I think the QNAP is a great little unit , capable of a lot more than the 2nd - gen Drobo currently selling for about the same price here in Canada .
To sum up , it ’s definitely Linux - compatible .
And it ’s a keeper !
We have officially moved from a Greek tragedy to a Greek surreal comedy .
After nearly a month - long scapegoating campaign in which Greek PM G - Pap said he would spit in the faces and skullf #@ * all those who dared to buy Greek CDS ( because as we have all been lied to by everyone who does n't know the first thing about CDS , it is CDS buying not bond selling that drives spreads ) , with the stupidity reaching as far and wide as the Spanish and German secret services , which said they would spy on CDS traders in London and New York , Greek daily Kathimerini has just uncovered that the biggest speculator , holding 15 % , or $ 1.2 billion of the total $ 8 billion in Greek notional CDS , has been a firm that operates about 2 blocks away from the parliament building in Athens - the state - owned Hellenic Post Bank ( TT ) !
Luckily poetic justice is about to be served , as every single media outlet tomorrow will apply the same circus monkey treatment to G - Pap and his clownshoes henchmen , not to mention the chorus of obese idiots over at the European Commission who fell for the ruse ( speaking of EU idiots , has anyone heard of Jenny Craig relapse patient Joaquin Almunia in the past 2 months , with his " Greece will never demand a bailout " arrogance ) .
While there had been speculation that Greek banks were selling Greek CDS to hedge funds , it had never crossed anyone 's mind that a Greek bank could be betting on the collapse of its own sovereign host ( especially one which does not own Bernanke 's printing press ) , and that in such size !
Frankly this beats even our very own AIG fiasco by orders of magnitude in stupidity .
What an unbelievable joke the intersection of global capital markets and politics has become .
Kathimerini reports that Post Bank bought $ 1.2 billion of Greek CDS at 135 bps in August 2009 and sold them at 235 bps in December at 235 bps , making a profit of € 35 million .
More from Kathimerini :
State - controlled Hellenic Post Bank ( TT ) spent nearly 1 billion euros last year to secure its positions against the possible bankruptcy of the Greek government , according to documents seen by Kathimerini .
In August , the bank bought credit default swaps ( CDS ) – a form of insurance on financial instruments – worth 950 million euros when the spread on the Greek five - year bond over the German Bund was at 135 basis points .
CDS products allow investors to purchase protection against the default of debt issued by governments , hedging existing positions .
TT ’s management , which changed after the Socialists took power in October , sold the CDS when the spread was at 235 basis points in December , earning a profit of some 35 million euros , the documents show .
Hopefully this will finally and forever force G - Pap to shut up in discussing not just the " speculative mania " whose only purpose is the destruction of Greece , but every other thing he does not understand , unless of course , he is referring to banks based in his very own country hell bent on suiciding the country ... then again that would leave him with exactly zero things to discuss .
h/t Nick
I ’m not going to go and give you all that ‘ beauty is in the eyes of the beholder ’ crap because well , let ’s face it , there ’s hot , and then there ’s not .
So when your buddy says someone is hot , you can revert to this list , and ask him to specify , so you can call him out if it ’s an ugly bitch .
Office Hot
The reason we consider someone hot is because that person is more attractive than others in the community , i.e. the world .
When you work with a group of people 8 hours a day , 5 days a week , you establish a tertiary community , a sub-community , if you will .
Because you are narrowing the scope of what you see , your judgment may very well be clouded .
You see , office hot is the hottest girl at the office .
She may be a 6 or a 7 in the outside world , god hopes she ’s not a 4 , but in the office , she ’s a 10 .
Remember to gauge your reaction to this alleged ‘ hottie ’ and always compare with the outside world .
That way , you do n’t find yourself ball - and - chained to a 4 .
Memory Hot
Everyone has made this mistake before , it ’s in our nature .
Many years ago , in middle school , the hottest girl I knew was a redhead named Emily .
Blue eyed , slim , gorgeous .
Up until a few weeks ago , I continued to think this .
Why ?
Because when I was young , I found her attractive .
As I grew older , our brains do this lovely thing of ‘ filling in the gaps ’ so when I thought she was hot , my brain relegated her to hot and helped convince me .
A few weeks ago , however , I looked in an old yearbook and saw her picture .
This 9 turned out to be literally cross-eyed , bucktoothed , on the heavier side , and even looked like she had broken her nose 4 times .
Do n’t be a victim of memory hot ; they ’re never as good - looking as you remember them .
Hit -It - Hot
This hot is a dangerous hot , as it changes by the hour .
You may even consider the 6 at your office , who is n’t the office hot , hit - it - hot because of the closed community .
Gentlemen , do n’t , she ’s a 2 .
As the name state ’s , hit - it - hot means a woman is hot enough that you ’d fuck and duck , hump and dump , however you want to put it , you ’d have a one nighter with this broad .
As I said , though , beer goggles , lighting , and a whole mess of other factors can adjust the hit - it - hot quality .
Do yourself a favor and observe this woman on multiple occasions , keep track of how you rate her through the night , and rely on your lowest number to be your guide .
Fuck averaging , the lowest number is the one you ’ll remember .
Supermodel Hot
This is the kind of hottie you would have no chance with .
Why ?
because she ’s the one you see in movies , on the pages of magazines , and fantasize about getting her naked .
No one can contest you on supermodel hot , she ’s just gorgeous .
If you ever do get a chance , we at Regretful Morning recommend you hit it , hard .
That way , when she posts about her regretful hookup with you from the night before , you can come here and read about it !
Beer Hot
Unlike Hit - It - Hot , this hottie has a separate ratings system all to herself .
It ’s not a scale of 1 - 10 , but how many beers you would need in you before you ’d go home with her ( or it ) .
Typically , you would n’t want to go home with one of these ladies , but when it ’s a slow night at the pub and you ’ve got yourself in the mood , hell , why not .
Although , we highly recommend you wait until you find a Hit - It - Hot babe , rather than one of the Beer - hotties .
The final determination for classification under this category is when you wake up in the morning , roll over and look at her and think or say ‘ Wow .
You look like I need a beer . ”
Retro Hot
You can not determine retro hot .
We ’re not saying probably , we ’re saying you can’t , it ’s not how this works .
Retro hot goes back decades , even hundreds of years .
That long ago , standard were far different than they are today , and the hottest woman of the time period may only be a 3 on todays scale , but back then , she was the bees knees !
If not by you , how is this determined ?
Think of everyone we know today to be supermodel hot , and 10s and 9s .
Years from now , the women may be even hotter .
If they are ( and let ’s pray they are ) , than today ’s babes would be classified as retro hot , by that generation .
Aging Wife Hot
This is by far the sweetest and rarest hot on this list .
How does this occur ?
When you go out with the girl of your dreams , regardless of her number , and you think she ’s the most beautiful woman in the world .
You go out , sleep together , get married , and age .
Years later , as the two of you are approaching 30 , 40 , 60 years old , she ’s still the most gorgeous woman in the world , and you could n’t even imagine having eyes for anyone else .
This is the rarest hot on the list , as I mentioned earlier , and it is also the hottie we all hope we find some day .
Follow more of John Scrovak on Facebook or on Twitter !
" Every time the couple met , the bride would do her best not to reveal her entire face , " a source close to the case told the local Gulf News .
" After the ambassador and the woman , who is a physician , signed the marriage contract , the groom was sitting with the bride .
From the moment the the Republican leadership released its alternative approach to health care reform , critics ( including me ) pointed out that it was unlikely to make a dent in the number of people without insurance .
On Wednesday , the Congressional Budget Office came out with its preliminary estimates of what the bill will do .
And , sure enough , the critics were right .
Overall , ten years into implementation , the plan would not significantly change the number of people with health insurance .
In all , 17 percent of the legal , non-elderly pouplation -- or about 52 million children and working - age people - - would still have no coverage .
The Republicans , to be fair , never claimed that their plan would do otherwise .
Indeed , the essence of their pitch -- again , as discussed previously -- is that they focus on cost while Democrats focus on coverage .
And the CBO certainly agrees that the Republican plan will reduce premiums .
According to the projections , premiums would drop by between 7 and 10 percent for employees of small businesses , between 5 and 8 percent for people buying coverage on their own , and between 0 and 3 percent for workers who get coverage through large employers .
That finding had Republicans like Representative Tom Price crowing on Wednesday .
Giving patients greater control and making specific common sense reforms will lower the cost of health care for all Americans .
The Republicans ’ straightforward plan will decrease insurance premiums by up to ten percent .
Meanwhile , the Democrats ’ 2,000 - page plan to give Washington more control via tax increases , mandates , bureaucracies , czars , and government - run insurance will not lower costs .
We seek to lower costs by giving Americans more control over how they spend their health care dollars , allowing the purchase of coverage across state lines , ending costly lawsuit abuse , and providing important protections for those with pre-existing conditions .
In just 200 pages , Republicans have proven that we can improve the portions of our health care system which need fixing without giving Washington control over one - fifth of our economy .
Republicans have the answer to lowering health care costs – put patients in charge .
But is that really what the CBO said ?
Read the full write - up more closely and you ’ll see the message was a bit more complicated .
OTTAWA — Security officials have scrubbed American right - winger Ann Coulter ’s speech at the University of Ottawa after a boisterous protest prompted concerns for her safety .
A spokesman for the group that organized the event said there were fears for Coulter ’s well - being after about two thousand people gathered outside the venue to protest her presence there .
Coulter is a darling of the U.S. right - wing who uses incendiary language to sell millions of books as well as her syndicated column .
She sparked more controversy during a speech at University of Western Ontario Monday night when she told a 17 - year - old Muslim student to “ take a camel ” instead of a the flying carpet she has previously suggested Muslims use for transportation .
Even before her Canadian tour began , Coulter received a pre-emptive and private caution about the limits of free speech in this country from the provost of the University of Ottawa .
The letter was immediately leaked to select conservative news organizations , with Coulter telling one that the university was “ threatening to criminally prosecute me for my speech . ”
Carbon market chaos strikes again
What a surprise :
The free - market - that - is - not - free leaps from one scandal to the next .
In a real free market where salesmen sell something real , and buyers buy something they want , people ca n’t get away with cheating , or not for long .
If someone sold you a bulk carrier of coal , and it turned up empty , you ’d notice .
But , if someone sold you two million Certified Emissions Reductions ( CERs ) that were worthless , how could you tell ?
They are “ certified ” .
They are real “ certificates ” , and as long as you believe they exist , perhaps they do ?
Welcome to the world of fiat currencies , where confidence does n’t just make or break a market ; it ’s its sole underwriter .
Times Online reports on the Chaos in the carbon market over recycled permits .
The Hungarian Government , the cheeky sods , figured out that if CERs were issued by the UN ( and not the EU ) , they could use them to write off the obligations of some Hungarian companies , and then , apparently , sell them again , so others could use them to write off their obligations , too .
It ’s like reselling a three - course meal after it ’s been eaten .
When confronted , the Hungarian Government claimed the used CERs were only sold to non-European investors .
( So that makes it alright then ?
Someone outside Europe wasted money ? )
Except that , as things do in a “ free ” market , the used CERs turned up in the EU market anyway , and eventually someone noticed .
“ BlueNext and Nord Pool , the French and Nordic exchanges , suspended trading in certificates of emission reduction ( CERs ) when it emerged that some had been illegally reused . ”
The value of the CERs promptly fell from € 12 per tonne of carbon to less than €1 .
“ The European commission will suspend the surrendering of allowances , CERs and ERUs , it said today . ”
Things are tough for the fledgeling carbon currency market .
First the individual governments issued too many permits , creating a glut and crash .
Then the top two auditors of the European system were busted , one after the other , and suspended for irregularities .
Then Europol discovered that some traders had found a way to collect taxes on behalf of the government , and keep the money for themselves .
The fraud may have cost taxpayers about seven billion dollars , and in some markets amounted to 90 % of the volume .
( See CBC Canada . )
The unfixable unfree market
Hopeful souls imagine that they can improve the regulations or auditing , or close the loopholes , but that ’s just the problem :
In a fake market based on an unmeasurable , unverifiable thing like the motivations of Third World businessmen , the market itself is the loophole .
The only way to close the loophole is to close the market .
Hat tip to Colin in the UK .
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 10.0/10 ( 2 votes cast )
Cheers and Jeers for Tuesday , March 23 , 2010
Note :
Well , that did n’t take long --- a death panel showed up in my living room this morning .
They have no idea what they 're supposed to be doing .
At the moment I have 'em painting the rumpus room .
This could work out well , I 'm thinking .
-
By the Numbers :
Days ' til " Play ball ! " : 12
Days `til the National Cherry Blossom Festival in D.C. : 4
Vote tally on the Senate healthcare reform bill in the House Sunday night : 219-212
Tally on the reconciliation bill : 220-211
Length by which last month 's earthquake in Chile shortened the length of day because it shifted our axis by 3 inches : 1/26,000,000 of a second
( Source : National Geographic )
Estimated box office haul of top - grossing woman director Betty Thomas 's movies : $ 561 million
Box office gross from Thomas 's top - grossing movie , Alvin and the Chipmunks : The Squeakquel : $ 217 million
( Source : Entertainment Weekly )
-
Tuesday Words of Wisdom from the Right - wing Blogosphere :
Few conservatives really understand the ruthlessness that lies within the Marxist mind .
Therefore most conservatives think the battle against totalitarianism can be won with words and votes .
Unless and until we fight ruthlessness with ruthlessness we are lost .
--- Commenter LittlMa , apparently advocating for civil war at the moderated Michelle Malkin blog
All together now : One ... two ... three ...
Classy !!!
-
Puppy Pic of the Day : Humans are a cruel and generous species ...
-
CHEERS to boxing the bastards in .
Wow , I 'd forgotten how noisy the aftermath of an historic moment can be .
Thanks to the intertubes , everyone has an opinion on the health insurance bill and they all get published --- a good thing , but overwhelming nonetheless .
I like Robert Reich 's take on it , especially in light of how much Republicans hate it :
Obama 's legislation comes from an alternative idea , begun under the Eisenhower administration and developed under Nixon , of a market for health care based on private insurers and employers . [...]
So do n't believe anyone who says Obama 's health care legislation marks a swing of the pendulum back toward the Great Society and the New Deal .
Obama 's health bill is a very conservative piece of legislation , building on a Republican rather than a New Deal foundation .
The New Deal foundation would have offered Medicare to all Americans or , at the very least , featured a public insurance option .
The significance of Obama 's health legislation is more political than substantive .
For the first time since Ronald Reagan told America government is the problem , Obama 's health bill reasserts that government can provide a major solution .
In political terms , that 's a very big deal .
Meanwhile , Mistermix at Balloon Juice adds a cherry on top by gently suggesting that Republicans may have really screwed themselves :
The minute Obama signs the bill , the Democrats can say that health insurance cannot be denied for a pre-existing condition , and that they had to fight every single Republican for this right .
That message is simple , it hits people where they live , and it addresses a universal concern .
The commercials cutting from a kid with diabetes to John Boehner yelling " Hell No You Can’t " are probably already being made .
They will be the Willie Horton ads of the 2010 election .
Boehner 's " Macaca moment , " as it were .
Thanks for the ammo , Orangey .
CHEERS to things you 'll only get to see once in your life .
Last night an 80 year - old Apollo 11 astronaut --- Buzz Aldrin --- dressed up in sequins and performed the cha-cha on national TV .
It was one checked forward step for man , one giant leap for ... freaky .
JEERS to the forgotten casualties .
Last week we observed the seventh quagmireiversary of the Iraq invasion , and while Saddam was pure evil , George W. Bush 's little adventure left its mark on many Iraqis , too :
Iraq is just beginning to address the unseen battle wounds of paranoia , depression and anxiety rising out of the war that began with the U.S. - led invasion in 2003 that toppled Saddam Hussein , says Abdul Rahim al - Fredawi , a psychologist and professor at the University of Baghdad .
But the scars may run deeper and longer in Baghdad and other areas that saw some of the worst fighting over the course of the war , he says .
The U.S. military has not conducted any significant projects to examine mental health in Iraq , says Army 1st Lt. Elizabeth Feste , U.S. military spokeswoman .
The U.S. Embassy had no record of any projects to help Iraqis deal with war trauma .
...
" We face the danger of our next generation becoming one that will always live in fear or one that becomes hardened by all the violence it has experienced , " al - Fredawi says .
" There 's a black cloud over Iraq that could have long - term consequences for our nation . "
Heckuva job .
CHEERS to Sergeant Rubberbutt .
On March 23 , 1944 RAF Sgt. Nickolas Alkemade survived an 18,000 - foot jump from his Lancaster bomber ... without a parachute .
Other than some cuts and a twisted knee , he was fine .
The guy he landed on ... not so fine .
JEERS to Fox 's Very Serious People .
You could fill a book the size of War and Peace with all the cocky --- and wrong --- obituaries for the healthcare bill that were made by the conservapundits .
As I said last week about the lies that were told in the run-up to the Iraq invasion , words matter , and these guys need to be called out again and again and again .
So take it away , highly - influential Weekly Standard guy Fred Barnes --- enlighten America with what you said two months ago :
" The health care bill , ObamaCare , is dead with not the slightest prospect of resurrection ....
Democrats have talked up clever strategies to pass the bill in the Senate despite [ Scott ] Brown , but they wo n’t fly ....
ObamaCare went into the emergency room in Massachusetts and did n’t make it out alive . "
Actually , it did , Fred .
But surgically removing your foot from your mouth ?
Dammit man , they 're doctors , not miracle workers .
JEERS to bad timing .
The same day the country was glued to the insurance reform votes in Congress , there was a huge immigration - reform rally in D.C. , with tens of thousands filling five blocks of the Mall .
( No wonder the teabaggers stayed huddled on their little patch of lawn in front of the Capitol )
They sounded a familiar refrain :
In the crowd , frustration with Mr. Obama was strong .
Rudy Romero , 19 , and Andrea Rentaria , 23 , said they boarded buses early Friday in Colorado with 54 other people , and 36 hours later , arrived in Washington .
They said they were disappointed with the pace of progress on immigration .
" We ’ve been waiting for so long , " Mr. Romero said .
" I know it takes time , but a promise is a promise .
We are demanding it today . "
Ms. Rentaria added , " We want to step up and say , ‘ Hey , wake up .
We ’re here .
We ’re still waiting .
We ’ve given you time to settle in .
When is this going happen ? ’ "
A spokesperson for the gay community responded , " Take a number . "
CHEERS to humble beginnings .
On this date in 1912 , the Dixie Cup was invented .
A day later someone tied a string between two of `em and gave birth to the telecommunications industry .
-
Five years ago in C&J : March 23 , 2005
JEERS to home entertainment .
About the only thing of note on the DVD release schedule today is the Oscar - nominated " Finding Neverland . "
It 's about a place where Republicans pass balanced budgets , control the deficit , and keep their nose out of Americans ' private lives .
JEERS to swimming in the moolah .
A lovely lesson for kids : even if you suck at being the CEO of a company , you still get your millions ( and all the tax shelters you can shake a Mont Blanc pen at ) when you leave .
So be sure to send your kids to the best GWB ( Groveling Weasel Backstabber ) school you can find --- there 's a 10 % chance they 'll thank you for it .
-
And just one more ...
HEH , INDEEDY to the boy who cried ' WMDs ! "
Even in the Republican - dominated world of pro golf , Ari Fleischer was so toxic as Tiger Woods ' PR guy that he got laughed off the stage .
There , there little guy ... the Heritage Foundation will always have a place for you to park your butt and make shit up .
( Third cubicle from the left facing the brick wall .
Get busy . )
Have a nice Tuesday .
Do n't look , I 'm naked .
Floor 's open ... What are you cheering and jeering about today ?
-
Today 's Shameless C&J Testimonial :
" I found Bill in Portland Maine .
I created him .
I made him what he is today .
I am so sorry . "
--- Bill Clinton
3/20/10
-
Description : Flawless ebony babes are making sensual love using a firm dildo which slides into those epic honey pots perfectly providing joy for LesboBlack
Coburn wants to repay furloughed DOT workers from Congress 's account
By Ed O'Keefe
Sen . Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) is blocking Senate passage of a bill that would compensate the roughly 2,000 Transportation Department workers who were furloughed during an impasse over federal funding for highway and transportation projects .
Coburn wants to pay the workers back with $ 1 million from the congressional budget , rather than tapping the federal coffers .
That proposal would cost each House and Senate office approximately $ 2,000 .
" No one believes that the 1,992 Department of Transportation employees who were recently furloughed should suffer a loss of pay because of Congress ' inability to maintain core federal programs , " Coburn wrote to Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid ( D - Nev. ) in announcing his hold on the bill .
" Congress should offset the expected cost of compensation by forgoing the increase in our own budget . "
Democrats had other ideas .
" If Senator Coburn really wanted to take a stand , why does n't he change his amendment so that it is paid for out of the Republican office accounts only ? " asked Reid spokesman Jim Manley .
" Seems only fair , given that they were the ones that blocked the money in the first place . "
In his letter , Coburn also suggested that DOT could have tapped roughly $ 26 billion in savings to keep the workers employed through the impasse .
House lawmakers passed the bill on Wednesday in hopes of preventing a 20 percent cut in the employees ' next biweekly pay check .
The furlough stems from Sen. Jim Bunning 's opposition to an unemployment bill that included a temporary extension of federal highway funding .
The Kentucky Republican disagreed on how to pay for the bill , and funding dried up for some federal highway inspectors and employees working on anti-drunk driving campaigns before the Senate eventually passed the bill .
Leave your thoughts in the comments section below
Splinter Cell : Conviction has virtues , and we may even get around to discussing them , but “ incessant guard dialogue ” is not among them .
These people never shut their Goddamned mouths .
Ever .
Until you shoot them .
The new game ’s emphasis on brutal murder has been decried in some corners , but players will appreciate the ability shut four of these douchebags up simultaneously .
Coverage of the game has been fascinating , though it was always going to be .
They boiled the flesh off of a beloved brand , suspending strange new textures and flavors in its thematic broth .
The breadth of opinion is precisely where I like it : because it ’s not a franchise iteration , no mere pull of the lever , people actually have to discuss their experience .
And , since only the 360 version is available , we can talk about the actual game as opposed to the copy protection .
Depending on the author , the fact that Splinter Cell : Conviction has instant - fail missions is either dated or a welcome relief .
The fact that the screen goes grayscale while in the dark is either an innovation or an aesthetic crime .
What ’s more clear is that many , many people liked hiding bodies , and are sad to see it go .
I ’d sooner mourn split jumps or inverted grabs , but I understand the feeling .
Certainly , I had my favorite places : I was especially fond of walk - in freezers .
I was less fond of the “ three - strikes and you ’re out ” alarms , or losing in the current section because of something I ’d done in a previous section .
In any event , I did n’t think that Splinter Cell was about hiding bodies , anymore than having dinner is about doing the dishes .
That was just something I had to do in order to play Splinter Cell .
It was always about Sam Fisher , doing what he does , and so for me this recalibration was n’t especially an affront .
In any case , I vastly prefer the noble experiment over the dogmatic reflex , especially when someone else is paying eight figures to risk a major brand on exploratory work .
I value the urge , even if I do n’t always like the specific result .
I played through the entirety of the cooperative campaign with a friend , which is a thing I think people should do .
The single player campaign is essentially Sam Fisher ’s diary , in some cases literally : there are times where you can actually read what he is thinking .
But this Sam is no longer a government operative , and to the extent that he has an arsenal of whizbang gadgets they ’re cobbled together over the course of an entire game .
You may be surprised to learn that the cooperative portion operates in much more traditional mode : world - class agents tooled to the eyeballs , garbed not in outdoor - dad chic , but dressed in such a way as to make murder more convenient .
I ’d never suggest that ( upon consuming the demo and finding it wanting ) you should go purchase a game on my say so .
If you do own it , though , and are wondering if your franchise may be found there , I ca n’t recommend modes like Hunter or Infiltration enough , even when played alone .
Turn off gadgets , set it to pistol only , and you may begin to feel something very familiar .
( CW ) TB out .
might take a fire to kill it
Cricketer Michael Clarke has officially ended his engagement to Lara Bingle , less than two weeks after a nude photo of the model was made public .
International Quarterback , the public relations firm representing Clarke , released a statement last night confirming the pair had split .
Split ... Lara Bingle and Michael Clarke .
Credit : Getty Images
'' They ask the media to respect their privacy during this difficult time , '' the statement said .
'' No further comment will be made . ''
A Cricket Australia spokesman said that Clarke would meet cricket operations manager Michael Brown today to discuss when he would rejoin the Australian team in New Zealand .
This is what struck me in the new poll about Health Care .
You'd think that after a year of back and forth bickering on it , and the insistance of Republicans that things were " going too fast " , that most people would be in favor of scrapping HCR alltogether .
Not so .
A majority of the people think that Congress should keep trying on Healthcare .
This INCLUDES independants .
Maybe we need to email , fax , snail mail this chart to our Representatives .
As party leaders tussle over the proposed bipartisan health care summit , nearly two - thirds of Americans say they want Congress to keep working to pass comprehensive health - care reform .
Democrats overwhelmingly support continued action on this front , as do 56 percent of independents and 42 percent of Republicans .
88 % of Democrats , 56 % of Independants and even 42 % of Republicans thinks they should keep trying .
That 's got to raise some red flags with the GOP .
They 've been trying so hard to push the story that Healthcare Reform needs to be scrapped , but even 42 % of their own party thinks differently .
I have to say I 'm even shocked by these numbers .
The media has been relentlessly pounding the President and his administration over this .
The other piece of this poll was on bipartisanship .
I know that there MANY on the left that think the President is doing too much to compromise with the right .
There has been a lot of hair pulling and ranting about how the GOP will NEVER compromise with Dems or the President on anything .
And frankly , I agree .
But take a look at these numbers concerning bipartisanship .
58 % of people think Republicans are doing too little to compromise with the administration .
Nearly six in 10 in the new poll say the Republicans are n't doing enough to forge compromise with President Obama on important issues ; more than four in 10 see Obama as doing too little to get GOP support .
Among independents , 56 percent see the Republicans in Congress as too unbending and 50 percent say so of the president ; 28 percent of independents say both sides are doing too little to find agreement .
Will we see more cooperation from the GOP going forward ?
Do n't count on it , but their " ascendency " may be overblown at this point .
The GOP should n't start celebrating just yet .
Sample and Margin of Error :
UPDATE
New Rasmussen Poll shows Tea Party comes in last
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey of likely voters finds that in a three - way congressional contest with a Tea Party candidate on the ballot , the Democrat earns 36 % support .
The GOP candidate comes in second with 25 % of the vote , while the Tea Party candidate picks up 17 % .
Twenty - three percent ( 23 % ) are undecided .
And this is AFTER their first big National Convention !
Export / Download Printable Text ( .txt ) CSV Multiverse id ( .txt ) Markdown / Reddit MTGO ( .dek ) MTG Salvation
MTG Arena
Copy to clipboard
3 Ajani Vengeant ( DDH ) 1 4 Arid Mesa ( MM3 ) 229 4 Baneslayer Angel ( M21 ) 6 4 Bloodbraid Elf ( C16 ) 184 4 Forest ( ZNR ) 278 4 Lightning Bolt ( JMP ) 342 3 Mountain ( ZNR ) 275 4 Noble Hierarch ( 2XM ) 177 1 Oran -Rief , the Vastwood ( C20 ) 296 4 Path to Exile ( 2XM ) 25 4 Plains ( ZNR ) 266 4 Ranger of Eos ( MM3 ) 19 4 Rootbound Crag ( XLN ) 256 1 Scute Mob ( C18 ) 161 4 Sunpetal Grove ( XLN ) 257 4 Wild Nacatl ( MYS1 ) 12 4 Woolly Thoctar ( MYS1 ) 203 1 Ajani Vengeant ( DDH ) 1 2 Burst Lightning ( MYS1 ) 109 4 Celestial Purge ( MM2 ) 11 4 Goblin Ruinblaster ( ZEN ) 4 Great Sable Stag ( M10 )
Copied to clipboard .
You can now import it in the MTG Arena client .
In TappedOut 's comments / forums
In TappedOut 's comments / forums with pie-chart
On your blog
This will require TappedOut.js included in your blog .
Clone Wars may refer to any of the following :
Clone Wars ( 2002 –2007 ) Edit
Star Wars : Clone Wars .
Wookieepedia has a collection of images and media related to
The Clone Wars ( 2008 –2020 ) Edit
Star Wars : The Clone Wars .
Wookieepedia has a collection of images and media related to
This is a disambiguation page — a navigational aid that lists other pages that might otherwise share the same title .
If an article link referred you here , you might want to go back and fix it to point directly to the intended page .
I love the ancient Mesopotamian Epic of Gilgamesh , which is mysterious , raw , brutal and profound .
But I am also haunted by the story behind the story ; by the fact that Gilgamesh lay forgotten in the sands of Iraq for thousands of years .
Unlike other lost books that we know went missing – Ovid 's Art of Love , the second part of Gogol 's Dead Souls – Gilgamesh was , to quote D Rumsfeld , an unknown unknown : nobody knew it had even been there .
The idea of this invisible literature , lurking in darkness , fascinates me .
Another such book – very far from Gilgamesh – is John Kennedy O'Toole 's Confederacy of Dunces , about a fat slob called Ignatius J Reilly , who feels he does n't belong in the world .
Its invisibility was not the result of the collapse of the civilisation that produced it , but rather its rejection by American publishers .
Devastated , O'Toole eventually committed suicide – but thanks to his mother 's persistence , Confederacy was published 11 years after his death , won the Pulitzer prize and has since sold millions of copies worldwide .
Today , it 's a canonical text of southern literature .
Some countries provide better conditions for the generation of unknown unknowns than others .
Totalitarian communist dictatorships , with their high levels of literacy and low levels of freedom , are ideal .
Daniil Kharms ( 1905 - 1942 ) , who lived in Stalin 's Russia , is a fine example .
During his own lifetime he was known as a children 's author ; his bizarre , adult tales of death , disappearances and random violence unknown to all but a close inner circle .
Kharms starved to death during the Leningrad blockade of 1942 .
His texts would have vanished if a friend had n't risked his life to rescue them .
They first surfaced in the west in the 1960s and were published in Russia in the 1980s .
Now festivals are held in Russia in honour of books that for 30 years nobody knew existed .
Two years ago in a Moscow bookshop , I stumbled upon an author whose retrieval from oblivion was even more unlikely .
Sigizmund Krzhizhanovsky ( 1887 -1950 ) was a polymath from Ukraine , who moved to Moscow in the early 1920s to pursue a literary career .
Living in a tiny room in a communal flat , he dedicated himself to writing stories so alien to his era that he did n't even bother showing them to publishers .
Krzhizhanovsky published the grand total of one story in his lifetime , then more or less vanished .
He was finally discovered in the 1980s by Vadim Perelmuter , a literary scholar who was studying the diary of Soviet poet Georgy Shengeli , who was renowned for the contempt in which he held his contemporaries .
The day Krzhizhanovsky died , Shengeli lamented the passing of " a writer - visionary , an unsung genius " .
So rarely did Shengeli say anything nice about anybody that Perelmuter was moved to discover who this lost " genius " was .
The result is a multi-volume collected works , currently being published in Russia .
NYRB classics recently published Memories of the Future , a selection of seven of Krzhizhanovsky 's long lost tales .
The first , Quadraturin , is about a man living in a communal apartment who is supplied with a mysterious substance which , when applied to the ceilings and walls , vastly increases his living space .
Although at first the protagonist enjoys this , the room begins to stretch off into infinity .
Eventually it grows so large that he becomes lost in the immense darkness , and cries out in vain for help .
Alas , writes Krzhizhanovsky , " for a man who is lost and dying in the wilderness to cry out is both futile and belated " .
The other stories are no less dark , or strange .
In The Thirteenth Category of Reason , a chatty corpse misses his own funeral ; in The Branch Line , a passenger boards the wrong train and travels to a place where night is day and an army of " dream workers " plot to supplant reality with nightmares .
And yet these phantasmagorical , philosophical stories are grounded in the streets and rooms Krzhizhanovsky inhabited .
I ate many an overpriced burger in the building where he lived ( today it 's Moscow 's Hard Rock cafe ) ; just round the corner is the bench on which the protagonist of his story The Bookmark meets a spinner of demented tales .
Eventually Krzhizhanovsky succumbed to despair and stopped writing , choosing instead to compose his narratives in his skull .
Even those works that were written down , however , feel internal , hermetic .
Clearly Krzhizhanovsky expected to remain unread , and so could be as dense and complex as he wished .
But if the stories are not always easy to follow , they 're always worth the effort .
The same cannot be said for most unknown unknowns , which are probably better off lost .
There are far too many books in the world as it is .
Speaking of which , it occurs to me that , thanks to the internet , there are several ways to be lost new to our era .
Think of all those unread blogs floating in the depths of cyberspace , or worse , the novels on print - on - demand sites , where the demand never comes .
The suicide 's book left in a drawer , or lost forever in a Soviet archive , has pathos at least .
I ’ve been working in Python almost exclusively for the last 8 or 9 months .
It ’s been a fun challenge learning a new language , and being able to do it along with the rest of the We Also Walk Dogs crew has made it even better .
A dip back into Perl has given me a chance to reflect on my progress with Python .
The past couple weekends I ’ve been helping a friend with a small project – a textual analysis problem finding similarities between disparate documents in a large database .
I immediately reached for Perl because I ’ve done projects like this in Perl before and I knew all the tools I ’d need .
I indexed phrases from the docs using Digest : : MD5 , storing the index in MySQL with DBD :: mysql .
Then I whipped up a quick web - app with CGI :: Application and HTML :: Template , with a bit of help from HTML :: FillinForm , Blueprint CSS and Config : : General .
With the exception of Blueprint ( which I find indispensable these days ) , this is pretty much the toolkit I learned ( and helped build ) at Vanguard Media working for Jesse Erlbaum over ten years ago !
It all worked great and the app was up and running in just a day and a half .
This experience makes it obvious to me that I still have a long way to go with Python .
Perl syntax is second nature to me – I almost never make an error and everything works the way I expect it to .
I ’m not looking up basic Python syntax anymore but I am still making plenty of mistakes .
More to the point , the tools I needed to use for this project are all still completely ingrained in my memory , and behave exactly the way I expect them to .
Compared to the Python tools I use daily ( Django , Celery and MySQLdb , for example ) , the difference is really impressive .
My Python tools often surprise me and I find myself going back to the docs , and failing that the source , frequently .
It ’s also interesting to think about how little has changed in the past 10 years .
I can pick up the same tools I used then and construct something that most people would recognize as a modern web app .
Mix in just a little Jquery and it would probably pass for Web 2.0 .
On the other hand , I think I can say I ’ve gotten better as I ’ve aged – this project would have taken me quite a bit longer 10 years ago , if I could have completed it at all .
I probably would have gotten stuck on some completely insane plan like loading all the documents into memory at once .
I really did n’t know how to properly use a database back then !
I am looking forward to making my first open - source Python release soon .
Who knows , maybe there ’s a book about writing Python packages for PyPi in my future !
WASHINGTON 
The polar bear has become an icon of global warming vulnerability , but a new study found an Arctic mammal that may be even more at risk to climate change : the narwhal .
The narwhal , a whale with a long spiral tusk that inspired the myth of the unicorn , edged out the polar bear for the ranking of most potentially vulnerable in a climate change risk analysis of Arctic marine mammals .
The study was published this week in the peer - reviewed journal Ecological Applications .
Polar bears are considered marine mammals because they are dependent on the water and are included as a species in the U.S. Marine Mammal Protection Act .
Scientists from three countries quantified the vulnerabilities that 11 year - round Arctic sea mammals have as the world warms .
After the narwhal _ which is also known as the " corpse whale " _ and polar bear , the most at risk were the hooded seal , bowhead whale and walrus .
The ringed seal and bearded seal were least at risk .
" What we wanted to do was look at the whole picture because there 's been a lot of attention on polar bears , " said study co-author Ian Stirling , a polar bear and seal specialist for the Canadian government .
" We 're talking about a whole ecosystem .
We 're talking about several different species that use ice extensively and are very vulnerable . "
The study looked at nine different variables that help determine ability to withstand future climate changes .
Those factors included population size , habitat uniqueness , diet diversity and ability to cope with sea ice changes .
This does n't mean the narwhal _ with a current population of 50,000 to 80,000 _ will die off first ; polar bear counts are closer to 20,000 and they are directly harmed by melting ice , scientists said .
But it does mean the potential for harm is slightly greater for the less - studied narwhal , said study lead author Kristin Laidre , a research scientist at the University of Washington .
Stanford University biologist Terry Root , who was n't part of the study , said the analysis reinforces her concern that the narwhal " is going to be one of the first to go extinct " from global warming despite their population size .
" There could a bazillion of them , but if the habitat or the things that they need are not going to be around , they 're not going to make it , " Root said .
Polar bears can adapt a bit to the changing Arctic climate , narwhals can't , she said .
While polar bears are " good - looking fluffy white creatures , " Laidre said narwhals , which are medium - sized whales , are " not that cute . "
The narwhal , which dives about 6,000 feet to feed on Greenland halibut , is the ultimate specialist , evolved specifically to live in small cracks in parts of the Arctic where it 's 99 percent heavy ice , Laidre said .
As the ice melts , not only is the narwhal habitat changed , predators such as killer whales will likely intrude more often .
" Since it 's so restricted to the migration routes it takes , it 's restricted to what it eats , it makes it more vulnerable to the loss of those things , " Laidre said in a telephone interview from Greenland , where she is studying narwhals by airplane .
The paper is the talk of Arctic scientists said Bob Corell , the head of an international team of scientists who wrote a massive assessment of risk in the Arctic in 2004 but was n't part of this study .
He called it " surprising because the polar bear gets a lot of attention . "
Inuit natives of Greenland were telling scientists last year that it seemed that the narwhal population was in trouble , Corell said .
___
On the Net :
http://tinyurl.com/4h88qh
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
( CNN ) --
The stepdaughter of Jesse Browning , the star of a reality show about loggers , was attacked and killed by the family 's dog in Astoria , Oregon , an investigator said .
Her mother found 4 - year - old Ashlynn Anderson in the yard of their home after the attack Sunday afternoon , Clatsop County Sheriff Chief Deputy Paul Williams said Tuesday .
The child was pronounced dead on arrival after she was flown by helicopter to a Portland hospital , Williams said .
The family 's two Rottweilers were placed in quarantine , he said .
The dog believed to have bitten the child was 2 ½ years old , he added .
Ashlynn 's stepfather , Jesse Browning , is a logger who appears on the reality show the History Channel describes as a series about " the treacherous life of Pacific Northwest timber cutters . "
Personal musings on science , scientists and the public understanding of STEM subjects , written by an amateur astronomer and paleontologist and all - round science fan .
This online journal is a New Zealand - centric attempt to cover issues affecting the entire planet , although there 's every likelihood of inaccuracies cropping up from time to time .
If you do n't believe in man -made climate change , this is n't the blog for you !
By
Two weeks ago I bought a Panasonic 45 – 200 mm lens for my Olympus Pen EP - 1 .
Along with my Panasonic 20 mm and the Olympus 14 – 45 mm zoom , that gives me a pretty complete kit ( save for wide - angle and macro work ) .
I have found the image stabilization in the Olympus worked very well with my other lenses ; I 've had utterly spectacular results when I 've used shorter focal lengths handheld in the 1/8 –1/15 second range .
The first illustration here was photographed with the Panasonic 20 mm lens at ƒ/1.7 and 1/7th of a second , and the companion frames are similarly sharp .
Image stabilization works wonders ...( go here for a larger , higher - quality JPEG ) ...
Consequently , I was hoping that I 'd be able to handhold the new zoom down to some fairly low shutter speeds , especially with the choice of on - lens and in - body image stabilization .
That would go some ways to compensate for its modest aperture ( otherwise , it 's a very nice lens ) .
Well , that 's not what I found .
At low shutter speeds there was some benefit to image stabilization , but the higher the shutter speed went the less this was true .
At shutter speeds above 1/250 of a second , I am half - convinced that image stabilization produced less sharp results than no stabilization at all .
At 1/125 of a second and above , image stabilization is not obviously better than no stabilization .
It is most definitely not foolproof ; I would say only half of the frames were pixel - level sharp , even at 1/250 of a second .
At 1/60 of a second and lower , image stabilization is clearly advantageous , although not by as much as one would think .
It looks like the lower the shutter speed , the better image stabilization does relative to ordinary handholding ; the problem is that with a 200 mm lens , low shutter speeds are going to be problematical ( that 's an understatement ) .
... Except when it does n't !
100 % sections from some test photos .
All photos made at ƒ/6.3 , 1/250th sec. , 200 mm focal length .
Photos 1 –3 used Olympus in - body stabilization , 4 –6 Panasonic in - lens stabilization , 7–9 both stabilization systems and 10 – 12 no stabilization .
No series of three photos is entirely sharp .
Note :
The poor showing by in - camera stabilization in this series was not replicated in other test series .
Sometimes , in fact , it was better than in - lens stabilization .
All test series , though , showed that having both systems on produced no additional problems , but that having no stabilization at all worked as well as or better at high shutter speeds than any combination of stabilizing systems .
Several hundred test photographs indicated that there was no clear - cut advantage to one stabilization system over the other .
Interestingly , having both systems on did n't perform any worse ( did n't perform any better , either ) .
The manual says not to do that .
Sometimes manuals are wrong .
No doubt you are all shocked to hear that .
What I have to conclude is that image stabilization is of modest benefit with this lens used at its longest focal length , but it 's not really a game - changer .
That 's somewhat disappointing .
Most notably , getting consistently tack - sharp photographs at 200 mm is going to require me to use exposure times even shorter than 1/250 of a second , unless I can improve my handholding skills .
The methods and stances I 've used in the past worked extremely well , but they may not be optimal for this camera and lens combination .
I 've never had a chance to do this kind of careful comparison before , and I 'm a little surprised at these results .
But , after discussing this with other folks it seems like my results are n't abnormal .
I posted a query about this on the mu -4/3 forum and quickly got some very helpful and informative comments , as well as valuable links to relevant tests other people had done .
For those of you with Micro 4/3 systems , I really have to recommend that user group .
Most of the time , when I post a question about a technical problem on a user forum , all I hear is the faint susurration of chirping crickets .
Not with that bunch !
Anyway , if there 's a reader out there who 's got some real expertise on the technical innards of these systems , I 'd love to hear your comments .
My hypothesis : the frequency response of these systems is limited , so when the exposure gets into the few millisecond range the system can't compensate for the dominant motion frequencies .
With long exposures , those high frequency movements are less dominant and they tend to average out into a symmetric slight blur .
With short exposures , there is n't enough time for random motion to average out ; you get a smear .
The problem 's exaggerated by long focal length lenses , where a little bit of camera movement translates into a lot of image movement .
That 's a wild - ass guess .
I 'd love to hear more educated opinions .
A cautionary note : if you want to chime in with your opinions about what 's going on , it would be good to read the thread on the mu -4/3 forum first and follow the links there .
Your thoughts may very well have been anticipated .
Whatever , it 's looking like image stabilization is not a " set it and forget it " kind of thing .
Dang .
Ctein 's weekly column on TOP is published every Thursday morning .
Note : Links in this post may be to our affiliates ; sales through affiliate links may benefit this site .
More ...
Original contents copyright 2010 by Michael C. Johnston and / or the bylined author .
All Rights Reserved .
Featured Comment by Thom Hogan : " All stabilization systems have a ' sampling and correction frequency . '
On the Nikon VR systems , for instance , that frequency is a bit above 1/500 , which is why I 've long recommended that you turn VR off at 1/500 and above .
" As you get shutter speeds closer to the sampling frequency , you start to run into what I call ' stutter ' problems .
Basically , the system is still correcting for a - XY movement when a +XY movement is now needed , but the sampling / movement frequency is n't fast enough to compensate in time for the shutter speed ( or only partially compensates ) .
" What the frequency is on the Micro 4/ 3 bodies is I do n't know , but it seems lower than on the Canon / Nikon in - lens systems .
" Makers promote stabilization as a marketing checklist item .
Users interpret that as meaning ' always use it . '
Just the opposite .
Stabilization should never be on unless you know you need it and know it will be effective . "
It ’s Déjà Voodoo Economics ...
All Over Again
By : Eric Sprott & David Franklin
If you ’re of a certain age , chances are you remember exactly where you were when JFK was assassinated .
Similarly , if you ’re from Canada or the United States and have an even remote interest in hockey , it ’s highly likely that you remember exactly where you were when ‘ Sid the Kid ’ scored the winning overtime goal in the Olympic gold medal game .
These were both " significant events " , albeit for different reasons .
We wonder , however , if any of you recall where you were on September 18th , 2008 ?
Do you remember that day ?
We ca n’t seem to recall it either , which is strange , because it was one of the most important days of the decade .
October 7 , 2008 is another day that should stick out in our memories , but we ’re sure you do n’t remember that day either – and we ’re in the same boat .
How is it , then , that we ca n’t recall where we were or what we were doing on the two days the entire financial system almost collapsed ?!?
It boggles our mind .
These dates should have been emphasized in every " review of the decade " written at the end of 2009 , but we ’ve been hard pressed to find them mentioned in any mainstream publication .
This is troubling to us , and makes us wonder if people are even aware of the incredible events that took place on those fateful days only eighteen months ago .
The financial industry often prides itself on the hindsight principle .
We may not predict the future with great accuracy , but when things fall apart we ’re very quick to explain why and how it happened with authoritative aplomb .
" Hindsight is 20 / 20 " , as they say .
But is it really ?
Despite our seemingly thorough analysis of past failures , the financial industry seems to have an uncanny ability to make the same mistakes over and over again .
Perhaps this is due to the fact that we do n’t properly review events passed .
Our obsession with predicting future results impels them away into oblivion .
The fact remains that a cursory look back on the last decade reveals an apparent cycle of asset bubbles that all grew and burst before our eyes , with little effort made to actually address the underlying causes that made them possible .
We have written at length about the next asset bubble now forming in government debt and currency .
Looking back on the last decade from 2000 to 2009 , are there any lessons that can provide some guidance for the next decade ?
And are there any lessons that can be gleaned from September 18th and October 7th , 2008 , when we almost lost the entire financial system ?
We certainly hope there are .
The seeds of the financial mess we are currently experiencing began in the mid-to - late nineties .
As we approached year 2000 , the widespread belief developed that new technology would rewrite economic rules .
The euphoric years between 1995 and 2000 blew the first asset bubble of the 21st century in the technology - heavy NASDAQ Index .
Alan Greenspan first uttered his now famous " irrational exuberance " warning in December 1996 when describing stock valuations at the time .
1
It was n’t until mid-1999 , however , that the U.S. Federal Reserve actually increased interest rates in an attempt to quell the overheated stock market .
The Fed actually raised rates six times between June 1999 and January 2000 in an attempt to cool an already overheated economy .
The dot - com euphoria burst on March 10 , 2000 , when the NASDAQ peaked at 5,132 , representing more than double its value from only a year before .
We were watching the bubble closely at the time , and wrote on March 9th 2000 , " In the next few months , if not weeks , we anticipate that the Nasdaq will capitulate to market liquidity .
Valuations are screaming at us !
Excessive speculation is running rampant !
DON ’T BE A PART OF IT !!! "
It was a timely recommendation .
In many ways , the NASDAQ bubble was somewhat conventional in that it was born out of over - enthusiasm for the prospects of new technology .
The fact that the Federal Reserve actually tried to cool the bubble down , however feebly , in the years before its peak , is really what differentiates it from the bubbles that followed .
The NASDAQ collapse is well understood now , ‘ in hindsight ’ .
This collapse compelled Alan Greenspan and the Federal Reserve to embark on the largest rate cuts in US history in an effort to soften its impact .
The inability to face the economic pain of the market crash ultimately set the stage for the second bubble of the decade , this time in housing .
The key point to emphasize here is that the Federal Reserve lowered interest rates thirteen times between January 3 , 2001 and June 25 , 2003 in order to cushion the economy .
These rate cuts allowed for increasingly easy access to credit on a worldwide scale .
It did n’t take long for the second bubble to develop , and it was n’t hard to see the warning signs .
Even
The Economist magazine noticed , stating on June 16 , 2005 , that " the worldwide rise in house prices is the biggest bubble in history . "
2
Home prices rose at an annualized rate of more than 11 % from 2000 to the peak on July 31 , 2006 - more than doubling in that time period .
3
The financial sector became the US economy ’s central economic driver , generating up to 41 % of all corporate profits and making it the fastest growing sector of the economy .
4
In July 2005 , Greenspan described certain real estate markets as " frothy " and recommended that the Federal Reserve rein in lending standards .
5
We wrote in response at the time that " ( Alan Greenspan ) should be careful what he wishes for … it may come true .
It ’s like throwing stones in glass houses .
It may all end with the Federal Reserve having to bail out the financial system , as it did with the savings and loan crisis a decade ago . "
We now know what transpired in the years to follow – we ’ve all lived through it , and it ended with the biggest bailout in financial history .
So what ’s the point , you ask ?
In hindsight , it ’s very safe to argue that the Fed probably should n’t have lowered rates thirteen times between January 3 , 2001 and June 25 , 2003 .
It proved to be an extremely damaging policy .
Artificially low rates created a lending mania of enormous proportions which dragged consumers along for a debt - fueled buying orgy .
In our January 2008 commentary , aptly entitled " Welcome to the 2008 Meltdown " , we opined that " There are meltdowns occurring everywhere : commercial real estate … car loans … credit cards .
It was all a massive Ponzi scheme sustained by overleverage .
Because this has been one of the most egregious bubbles ever , its impact is likely to linger longer than anyone expects .
This is more than just a market failure .
It ’s a systemic meltdown . "
And it was .
But the meltdown happened so fast that it never seemed to burn into our collective memory .
Everyone remembers that we went into a severe recession in late 2008 , but do they know the details of what actually transpired ?
A quick review is needed to appreciate how close we really came to a full shutdown .
It was the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy on Sept. 15th that set everything in motion .
Most market participants will remember that date - Bank of America bought Merrill Lynch the very same day , so it was certainly memorable .
What many people fail to appreciate , however , is the mayhem that took place during the following days in the US money markets .
The day after Lehman ’s collapse , the Reserve Fund , one of the oldest and most high profile US money market funds , began to hemorrhage money as investors redeemed in panic .
Large institutional investors soon began pulling money out of other major US money market funds fearing heavy losses from Lehman Brothers debt .
Almost $ 173 billion was pulled from such funds over the next two days , threatening to collapse the entire US financial system .
6
Two weeks later , on Sept. 29th , investors sent the Dow Jones plummeting 778 points , representing the largest single - day loss in the history of the index .
In hindsight , it was somewhat of a delayed response , because the real damage had by then been averted by the Treasury ’s blanket guarantees on all money market funds .
The fact remains that on Thursday , September 18th , the US financial system almost completely collapsed .
The details of that day remain frustratingly murky .
The imminence of complete disorder seemed to scare Congress into action , but we can only piece the story together through random anecdotes that have been partially revealed through subsequent interviews .
In what has been dubbed ‘ the Kanjorski meme ’ , Congressman Paul Kanjorski recounts a meeting that was held between Ben Bernanke , Henry Paulson and certain members of Congress where the conception of the " Troubled Asset Relief Program " ( TARP ) supposedly took place .
To stem the flow of money out of US - based money market funds , Paulson had to provide an almost instant guarantee on all money market funds held within the US .
Kanjorski recounts , " If they had not done that , their estimation was that by 2 pm that afternoon ( September 18th ) , $ 5.5 trillion would have been drawn out of the money market system of the United States , [ which ] would have collapsed the entire economy of the United States , and within 24 hours the world economy would have collapsed .
We talked at that time about what would happen if that happened .
It would have been the end of our economic system and our political system as we know it . " 7
Further details of these meetings have been provided by Senator James Inhofe , who recounted that Paulson had warned of martial law and civil unrest if the TARP bill failed .
8
It is interesting to note that while Henry Paulson mentions several meetings that took place on September 19th in his book , the discussion of ‘ imminent financial collapse ’ and ‘ martial law ’ was noticeably absent .
The official record of the events of September 18th , 2008 comes from a research report issued by the Joint Economic Committee .
The reports states , " On Thursday September 18 , 2008 , institutional money managers sought to redeem another $ 500 billion , but Secretary Paulson intervened directly with these managers to dissuade them from demanding redemptions .
Nevertheless , investors still redeemed another $ 105 billion .
If the federal government were not to act decisively to check this incipient panic , the results for the entire U.S. economy would be disastrous . " 9
Between the official record and the statements by members of congress and the senate , we can piece together an almost system - wide collapse that was potentially hours away .
The second fateful date to remember was October 7 , 2008 , when the UK almost collapsed .
Bank of England Governor , Mervyn King , describes the situation : " Two of our major banks which had had difficulty in obtaining funding could raise money only for one week then only for one day , and then on that Monday and Tuesday it was not possible even for those two banks really to be confident they could get to the end of the day .
" 10 This was the justification given for the Bank of England to provide secret loans of £ 61.6 billion to The Royal Bank of Scotland and HBOS to maintain solvency .
11 Amazingly , news of these loans was never revealed until November 24 , 2009 , more than one year later .
Recalling that fateful day , David Soanes , Managing Director of UBS Bank , and part of the group assembled to assist with the UK government ’s crisis response , stated , " We only really knew by probably about seven o’clock at night ( October 7 , 2008 ) , that we , that everyone was going to get through to the next day .
" 12 These revelations raise new questions about the true scope of bailouts undertaken by the major governments at the time .
Lord Myners , the UK Financial Services Secretary , alluded to similar covert banking operations conducted by the European Central Bank and the US Federal Reserve .13
We have no idea what he is referring to , but we would certainly be interested to learn more .
This type of activity by the leaders of our financial system certainly helps to explain why those two dates are not more ingrained in our collective memory – strong efforts were obviously made to hide their severity .
The fact that these details were left out of Henry Paulson ’s memoirs strikes us as astounding .
It also seems incredible that the best we can do to understand those fateful days is to cobble together comments made after the fact .
It serves to be reminded that the events of September and October 2008 had previously been considered unthinkable , and we must never forget that the ‘ unthinkable ’ can happen again .
A complete banking collapse would not be pleasant – and it ’s certainly not an experience we would ever wish upon ourselves , but it must be remembered that WE ALMOST WENT THERE .
So where does this leave us for the decade ahead ?
In bad fiscal shape .
It seems as if we ’re just making the same mistakes over again , and on a far larger scale .
We have passed the debt obligations of the financial system onto the governments .
We have liquefied the system beyond any rational explanation , more than doubling the monetary base since the collapse of Lehman Brothers .
Social Security , which was in balance in year 2000 , is now underfunded by $ 15 trillion dollars .
Total unfunded obligations of the US Government are now $ 104 trillion .
If we add the $ 6 trillion of outstanding Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac debt and the $ 12 trillion of outstanding national debt , we arrive at a total US government debt obligation of $ 122 trillion .
It ’s a truly preposterous amount of money that will never be paid off in today ’s dollars .
As we wrote in our October 2009 article entitled " Dead Government Walking " , the US Government is on a trajectory to default on their obligations , and the same can realistically be said for the UK and Japan .
The answer put forward by the US , UK and Japanese governments ?
Quantitative Easing and 0 % interest rates .
Have they learned nothing from the past decade ?!
As our readers know , the flagship funds at Sprott have been managed with the view that we entered a long - term secular bear market in year 2000 .
We have never detracted from this view , and it remains in place today .
We will not be bears forever , because the cycle will eventually reverse , but a new secular bull market will not , and cannot , emerge until the world solves its debt problems .
Our overarching macro view is strongly influenced by the Kondratieff Cycles .
The ‘ winter season ’ began in the year 2000 and continues to this day .
We have watched this cycle unfold , and have noted the Kondratieff Theory ’s eery ability to predict the debt defaults and banking collapses that we witnessed over the past two years .
Our analysis suggests that we are only half way through this Kondratieff winter , with another approximate ten years remaining .
They will undoubtedly be an interesting ten years , and it should come as no surprise to our readers that gold is considered the ultimate asset class to own during the ‘ winter cycle ’ .
It has certainly served us well up to now .
A review of the last decade would not be complete without our predictions for the next ten years .
Rather than bore you with prognostications , we would like to leave you with some titles we are considering for future editions of Markets at a Glance :
1. The Federal Reserve Board .
Remarks by Chairman Alan Greenspan ( December 5 , 1996 ) .
The Challenge of Central Banking in a Democratic Society .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2009 from : http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/speeches/1996/19961205.htm
2. The Economist . ( July 16 , 2005 ) In Come the Waves .
Retrieved from : http://www.economist.com/opinion/displaystory.cfm?story_id=4079027.
3. Bloomberg , S&P / Case – Shiller Composite – 20 Home Price Index Not Seasonally Adjusted
4. Johnson , Simon ( May 2009 ) The Quiet Coup .
The Atlantic .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2010 from : http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2009/05/the-quiet-coup/7364/
5. Andrews , Edmund ( May 21 , 2005 ) Greenspan is Concerned About ‘ Froth ’ in Housing .
The New York Times .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2010 from : http://www.nytimes.com/2005/05/21/business/21fed.html?_r=2&oref=slogin
6. Henriques , Diana ( September 19 , 2008 ) Treasury to Guarantee Money Market Funds .
The New York Times .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2010 from : http://www.nytimes.com/2008/09/20/business/20moneys.html?em
7. Kanjorski , Paul ( January 28 , 2009 ) Kanjorski :
We came so close to complete financial collapse .
Pocono Record .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2010 from : http://www.poconorecord.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20090128/NEWS04/…
8. CNN iReport ( November 20 , 2008 ) .
Paulson Was Behind Bailout Martial Law Threat .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2010 from : http://www.ireport.com/docs/DOC-150837
9. United States Congress , Joint Economic Committee Research Report # 110-25 ( September 2008 ) Financial Meltdown and Policy Response .
Retrieved on March 10 ,
2010 from : http://www.house.gov/jec/Research%20Reports/2008/rr110-25.pdf
10 . BBC ( September 24 , 2009 ) Mervyn King and other key players reveal true extent of financial crisis one year on .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2010 from : http://www.bbc.co.uk/pressoffice/pressreleases/stories/2009/09_septembe…
11 . Conway , Edmund and Monaghan , Angela ( November 24 , 2009 ) Bank of England tells of secret £ 62bn loan to save RBS and HBOS .
Telegraph .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2010 from : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/newsbysector/banksandfinance/6646923…
12 . BBC ( September 24 , 2009 ) Mervyn King and other key players reveal true extent of financial crisis one year on .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2010 from : http://www.bbc.co.uk/pressoffice/pressreleases/stories/2009/09_septembe…
13 . BBC ( November 25 , 2009 ) Alistair Darling defends secret loans to RBS and HBOS .
Retrieved on March 10 , 2010 from : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8378087.stm
In the Northern Hemisphere spring officially begins at 1:32 p.m. ET on Saturday , March 20 , 2010 — the vernal equinox , or spring equinox ( see vernal equinox pictures ) .
But do n't be fooled by the old rumor that on the vernal equinox the length of day is exactly equal to the length of night .
The true days of day - night equality always fall before the vernal equinox and after the autumnal , or fall , equinox , according to Geoff Chester , a public affairs specialist with the U.S. Naval Observatory in Washington , D.C.
" Exactly when it happens depends on where you are located on the surface of the Earth , " he said .
By the time the center of the sun passes over the Equator — the official definition of equinox — the day will be slightly longer than the night everywhere on Earth .
The difference is a matter of geometry , atmosphere , and language .
Geometry , Atmosphere , Language of the Vernal Equinox
If the sun were just a tiny point of light and Earth had no atmosphere , then day and night would each be exactly 12 hours long on a spring equinox day .
But to begin with , as seen from Earth , the sun is nearly as large as a little fingertip held at arm 's length , or half a degree wide .
Sunrise is defined as the moment the top edge of the sun appears to peek over the horizon .
Sunset is when the very last bit of the sun appears to dip below the horizon .
The vernal equinox , however , occurs when the center of the sun crosses the Equator .
Plus , Earth 's atmosphere bends the sunlight when it's close to the horizon , so the golden orb appears a little higher in the sky than it really is .
As a result , the sun appears to be above the horizon a few minutes earlier than it really is .
Therefore , on the vernal equinox day , the daylight hours are actually longer than the length of time between when the sun crosses the horizon at dawn and when the sun crosses the horizon at sunset .
" Those factors all combine to make the day of the equinox not the day when we have 12 hours of light and darkness , " Chester said .
Vernal Equinox Special Nonetheless
The length of day and night may not be equal on the vernal equinox , but that does n't make the first day of spring any less special .
The fall and spring equinoxes , for starters , are the only two times during the year when the sun rises due east and sets due west , according to Alan MacRobert , a senior editor with Sky & Telescope magazine .
The equinoxes are also the only days of the year when a person standing on the Equator can see the sun passing directly overhead .
On the Northern Hemisphere 's vernal equinox day , a person at the North Pole would see the sun skimming across the horizon , beginning six months of uninterrupted daylight .
A person at the South Pole would also see the sun skim the horizon , but it would signal the start of six months of darkness .
Pope Shuffles Vernal Equinox
Another equinox oddity : A rule of the calendar keeps spring almost always arriving on March 20 or 21 — but sometimes on the 19th — MacRobert said .
In 1582 Pope Gregory XIII established the Gregorian calendar , which most of the world now observes , to account for an equinox inconvenience .
If the he had n't established the new calendar , every 128 years the equinox would have come a full calendar day earlier — eventually putting Easter in chilly midwinter .
" It begins with the fact that there is not an exact number of days in a year , " MacRobert said .
Before the pope 's intervention , the Romans and much of the European world marked time on the Julian calendar .
Instituted by Julius Caesar , the old calendar counted exactly 365.25 days per year , averaged over a four - year cycle .
Every four years a leap day helped keep things on track .
It turns out , however , that there are 365.24219 days in an astronomical " tropical " year — defined as the time it takes the sun , as seen from Earth , to make one complete circuit of the sky .
Using the Julian calendar , the spring and fall equinoxes and the seasons were arriving 11 minutes earlier each year .
By 1500 the vernal equinox had fallen back to March 11 .
To fix the problem , the pope decreed that most century years ( such as 1700 , 1800 , and 1900 ) would not be leap years .
But century years divisible by 400 , like 2000 , would be leap years .
Under the Gregorian calendar , the year is 365.2425 days long .
" That gets close enough to the true fraction that the seasons do n't drift , " MacRobert said .
With an average duration of 365.2425 days , Gregorian years are now only 27 seconds longer than the length of the tropical year — an error which will allow the gain of one day over a period of about 3,200 years .
Nowadays , according to the U.S. Naval Observatory 's Chester , equinoxes migrate through a period that occurs about six hours later from calendar year to calendar year , due to the leap year cycle .
Kim received her badge for awkwardness shortly after this pic was taken .
( submitted by Kim )
How many mistakes can you count in Tom Hanks ' appearance on Regis & Kelly ?
We 've got Tom calling Kelly " Kathie Lee , " Regis not knowing what " engaged " means , and Tom missing a trivia question even though the answer is " Tom Hanks . "
Advertisement
EXCLUSIVE : ' Not Much of an Expert ' -- Obama Slaps Sarah Palin for Nuke Policy Criticism Obama is also confident the Senate will ratify new nuclear treaty .
April 8 , 2010  --
In Prague to sign a nuclear disarmament treaty with Russia , President Obama pushed back against Republican critics , including Sarah Palin , who say that his new nuclear stance is too soft and leaves the United States vulnerable to attacks .
The scene Thursday at the historic Prague Castle in the capital of the Czech Republic was one of cooperation between the United States and Russia .
But back home , Obama may face a challenge getting the treaty through the Senate , given Republican concerns .
Obama brushed off criticisms from former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin of his administration 's recently announced nuclear policy by noting her lack of experience on the subject .
" I really have no response .
Because last I checked , Sarah Palin's not much of an expert on nuclear issues , " he said in an exclusive interview with ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos .
Earlier this week , ahead of today 's treaty signing , Obama announced plans to end the development of new nuclear weapons in the U.S. and impose a new policy , not included in the new treaty , that the United States will not use nuclear weapons against any country that has signed and is abiding by the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , even if they attack the United States with chemical or biological weapons .
In an appearance Wednesday on Fox News , Palin compared Obama to a kid in a playground who is asking for a punch in the face .
" It 's unbelievable .
Unbelievable , " said Palin on Wednesday evening while appearing on Sean Hannity 's Fox News program .
" No administration in America 's history would , I think , ever have considered such a step that we just found out President Obama is supporting today .
It 's kinda like getting out there on a playground , a bunch of kids , getting ready to fight , and one of the kids saying , ' Go ahead , punch me in the face and I 'm not going to retaliate .
Go ahead and do what you want to with me . ' "
Obama told Stephanopoulos in Prague that he was not concerned about Palin 's criticisms .
" If the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joints Chiefs of Staff are comfortable with it , I 'm probably going to take my advice from them and not from Sarah Palin , " he said .
Despite signs of Republican opposition , Obama said today that he is confident that the new nuclear disarmament treaty he signed with Russian President Medvedev will be ratified by the Senate .
" When they have had the opportunity to fully evaluate this treaty , they will come to the conclusion that this is in the best interest of the United States , " Obama said of Senate Republicans who have voiced concerns about the new treaty .
Obama told Stephanopoulos that the treaty is " absolutely vital " to his administration 's nuclear proliferation agenda .
" I will also say to those in the Senate who have questions is that this is absolutely vital for us to deal with the broader issues of nuclear proliferation , that are probably the number one threat that we face in the future , " the president said .
Obama sat down with Stephanopoulos at Prague Castle after signing the historic new nuclear disarmament treaty with Russia President Medvedev .
Obama and Medvedev pledged today to reduce their nation 's nuclear stockpiles by a third , from 2,200 deployed warheads for each country to 1,550 over seven years .
The treaty signing comes after more than a year of intense negotiations and several missed deadlines between the United States and Russia .
The scene in Prague was one of cooperation between the United States and Russia but back home , the Obama administration may face a challenge getting this treaty through the Senate .
The agreement requires the support of two - thirds of the Senate ( 67 votes ) for ratification .
Given the Democrat 's 59 - seat majority , it looks as if they will need at least eight Republicans to get on board to make the treaty official .
Senate Republican leadership sources say the minority 's leaders do n't have a firm position because they have not been consulted in any substantive way about the treaty by the Obama administration beyond some minor discussions .
This week the White House has been consistently emphasizing that past Senate votes on nuclear arms reduction treaties passed with overwhelming bipartisan support .
Obama Says U.S. , Russian Differences Over Missile Defense Will Not Affect Nuclear Treaty
" If you look back at previous nuclear reduction treaties in the late ' 80s , the early '90s , and even as late at 2003 , these are documents that enjoy vast bipartisan majorities -- votes in the ' 90s , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters on Air Force One en route to the Czech Republic .
" We are hopeful that reducing the threat of nuclear weapons remains a priority for both parties . "
Earlier today in Prague , Obama expressed confidence that the treaty would be ratified .
" I am actually quite confident that Democrats and Republicans in the United States Senate having reviewed this will see that the United States has preserved its core national security interests , " he said .
" That it is maintaining a safe and secure and effective nuclear deterrent but that we are beginning to once again move forward leaving Cold War behind to address new challenges in new ways . "
But in the interview with ABC News ' Stephanopoulos , Obama would not declare definitely that he knew how the issue would play out in the Senate .
" I 've now been in Washington for long enough that for me to say I have no doubt how the Senate operates would be foolish , " he said .
Obama singled out the ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Sen. Dick Lugar , R - Ind. , as a Republican leader that he has confidence in based on their work together on this issue when Obama was in the Senate .
Lugar 's view , which will carry some weight among his fellow Republicans , is said to be " favorable , " a Lugar aide tells ABC News , but he needs to do " due diligence " and go through the process of reading the treaty and its annexes , which will take some time .
Obama told Stephanopoulos that his administration is " absolutely confident " that the new nuclear treaty will in no way impede the U.S. ability to move forward on a missile defense program .
" It is going to be contingent and developing based on our threat assessments , " the president said .
White House Starts Working with Senate to Ratify Treaty
" If for example , we are able to create a situation where Iran is no longer posing us a threat in terms of intercontinental ballistic missiles , then it may be that our missile defense configuration is able to be scaled back in a way that does n't threaten Russia , " he told Stephanopoulos .
Obama said that the new disarmament treaty signed today is " only a start . "
" We 're looking at a timetable over a five , 10 , 15 , 20 year time horizon , " he said .
" We 're going to have to continually build and evolve a whole approach that is designed for the 21st century as opposed to the 20th century . "
The U.S. plans for a missile defense system still remain a key sticking point between the two nations and Medvedev warned once again that the Russians could pull out from the treaty if they felt it undermined the new foundation of arms control .
Obama disputed that notion to Stephanopoulos and said the Russians are not saying they would withdraw from the treaty over the missile defense system .
" We were firm , and are now absolutely confident that this in no way impedes our ability to move forward on the missile defense program , that 's designed not to target Russia , " he said in the ABC News interview .
Obama said in remarks in Prague that his administration 's plans are not aimed at changing the " strategic balance " with Russia but instead were established with the goal of " protecting the American people " from missile attacks from other nations .
The White House said its work with the Senate will begin immediately and its expectation is that the Senate will sign off on the treaty this year .
" We are hopeful that reducing the threat of nuclear weapons remains a priority for both parties , " Gibbs told reporters on Air Force One en route to Prague .
" I think it 's the president 's hope and expectation the Senate will ratify this , this year . "
Starting today , administration officials will begin briefing members of the Senate on the specifics of the treaty .
The Russian parliament , the Duma , also needs to sign off on the new disarmament treaty .
ABC News ' Jake Tapper , Yunji de Nies and Sunlen Miller contributed to this report .
Female Soldiers Not Sure Mixing Sexes
Is Good Idea Female captain says a woman in the unit turns it into ' Wild Kingdom . '
JALALABAD , Afghanistan April 21 , 2010  --
Hiking the brown rocky peaks of eastern Nangahar province , Army Spc. Kaitlyn Hancock inhaled the newness of her surroundings , enjoying the distance between her and her hometown .
" Holy Sh-t ! " she said to herself .
" I 'm from Alabama and I can't believe I 'm doing these kinds of things . "
Hancock was on a foot patrol with her squad because their oversized , heavily - armored vehicles could not fit on the narrow , unpaved mountain road .
It was exactly where she wanted to be , Hancock said , when she imagined a military life away from her job at a fast food restaurant at age 16 .
" I wanted to stand out , " said the 20 year old .
" I did n't want to be a typical female .
I wanted to do it 100 percent .
My recruiter said being an MP ( military police ) was as close to infantry as a female could get . "
As a .50 gunner in an MRAP , Hancock has quickly become familiar with rocket - propelled grenade attacks and small arms fire .
For many women in the military , the decision to become an MP is a calculated attempt to work in the most kinetic environments .
The US military still excludes women from direct combat , but in Afghanistan and Iraq , MP's – male and female - often find themselves in those very situations .
For Capt .
Rais Sanchez the decision to become an MP was similar to Hancock 's , although she suggests it came from an immature place .
" I was 18 and being stupid wanted to be infantry and roll around in the dirt , " said the 28 - year - old from Ft. Lauderdale , Fla .
Sanchez is the only female MP captain for the 4th ID Infantry Brigade Combat Team .
In that capacity , she 's in charge of more than 100 people with a focus on securing and developing five districts in Nangahar .
As she progresses in rank , Sanchez works less in the field and more in daily meetings with her male Afghan counterparts .
Often the only woman in village meetings , she says the men see her as something in between a man and a woman .
" They view American women as the ' third gender , ' " she said .
" They hold respect for us .
They treat us like men .
This does n't go for all Afghans , but for the majority of men . "
Female Captain Not Sure Men and Women Are Good Military Mix
At a recent meeting in Kalashahi , a village outside of Jalalabad , Sanchez sat on the floor alongside the male district leaders as they shared warm naan bread placed on the blanket in front of them .
Through an interpreter , she explained the way payments should be distributed to local employees .
Abdul Malek , chief of the district association , said that he appreciated Sanchez 's work .
The 40 - year - old father of 14 children , including nine girls , said he wished that women in Afghanistan had more opportunities like Sanchez .
" I like the women to go to school .
In Pakistan , females go to school .
In Turkey , women go to school , " Malek said .
But here , he said , women can rarely attend school .
For Sanchez , being one of the only females around forced her to examine how she would be perceived .
" I knew I was coming into an infantry brigade with mostly men who had never worked with women , so I had to up the bad - assery , " she said .
" I did n't want them looking at me like some dainty , high - maintenance kind of chick . "
She said her personality helps .
She rides a Honda CBR sport bike and has a black belt in Tae Kwon Do mixed martial arts .
But while her Afghan counterpart Malek may have a progressive view on women 's role in Afghanistan , Sanchez believes some of the stereotypes about women in the U.S. military are pervasive .
" Guys in the infantry , for example , a lot of them have pre-conceived ideas that women can't keep their legs closed and it's a temptation for the guys that takes away from mission focus , " said Sanchez .
She added that she feels there should be a " division of the sexes . "
" If there 's a woman [ in the unit ] it is different .
With mixed units - teenagers , mixed privates , officers , sergeants – they can't control themselves .
It 's a problem that all - male units do n't have to deal with , " she said .
Women MPs on Men in the Military
It 's a sentiment echoed by some men in the field .
" When a woman is in the room , it 's like Wild Kingdom .
You know , with the lions roaring trying to get the lioness ' attention , " said one infantry soldier who did not want his name used .
" The female soldier may not give anything , but every one of those males in the platoon thinks they are the one for her and will try to get to the front of the line . "
Sgt. Erica Smith , 23 , from New Hartford , N.Y. , became an MP because she wanted excitement .
" I worked at a bank every day behind a desk .
That was boring to me .
I figured I needed something more in my life – and here came the Army , " Smith said .
She said she joined the military after 9/11 and knew she would deploy .
She was n't afraid .
" I wanted that experience .
I really could n't wait .
I wanted to experience it , " she said .
" I trained and trained and trained and you want to put that training to the test .
Yes , I 've been deployed .
I know what it 's like to deploy .
It sucks .
You go home and you appreciate things so much more once you go home . "
In Iraq , she said , they were " blown up every day or mortared " or took RPG 's or small arms .
But she was quick to add that her role as an MP was vastly different from infantry .
" I would never want to shoot someone but if the threat was there , to save my life or my comrade 's life , I would , " she said .
Like Sanchez , she said that women should have different roles .
" It 's a totally different fight for MPs and infantry , " she said .
" They 're front line , they 're the first ones … it 's a different world and I do n't think females belong in that world . "
It ’s time for more JavaScript and jQuery goodies here on Noupe .
Today we are featuring fresh JavaScript Development Frameworks , code optimization and minimization tools , reference tables , compatibility issues , common coding errors , image manipulation techniques and graph solutions .
Please feel free to submit further resources in the comments to this post !
JavaScript Development Frameworks
php.js
php.js is an open source project that brings high - level PHP functions to low - level JavaScript platforms such as webbrowsers , AIR , V8 and rhino .
jai – javascript audio interface
J.A.I. or “ Javascript Audio Interface ” is the world ’s first javascript interface for web < audio > .
JAI uses no images for it ’s player interface , all the graphics are rendered to a < canvas > element at run-time .
The click - able play - list area is a list of links that are style using CSS .
JAI is designed to provide juke - box functionality to < audio > enabled browsers that use the Ogg Vorbis audio codec .
JAI is open - source .
Feel free to download , modify and use the code in your own projects .
jQuery .sheet – Visual Interop Development
j Query .
sheet gives you all sorts of possibilities when it comes to giving your web application a spreadsheet style interface with MS Excel style calculations .
JavaScript Frameworks Playground : jsFiddle
jsFiddle is a shell editor that eases writing JavaScript code by creating a custom environment based on popular JS frameworks .
BaseJS : A Mobile ( Safari ) Javascript Framework
BaseJS is lightweight ( less than 8 KB when minified ) , fully - compatible with Mobile Safari , falls back on Sizzle selector library for iPhone 1.x ( when query selector support is unavailable ) , is object - oriented and easy to extend .
SproutCore
JavaScript HTML 5 Application Framework .
Create fast , native - style applications in any modern web browser without plugins .
CoffeeScript
CoffeeScript is a little language that compiles into JavaScript .
Think of it as JavaScript ’s less ostentatious kid brother — the same genes , roughly the same height , but a different sense of style .
Apart from a handful of bonus goodies , statements in CoffeeScript correspond one - to - one with their equivalent in JavaScript , it ’s just another way of saying it .
JavaScript Code Optimization and Minimization Tools
Writing Efficient JavaScript
The title speaks for itself : here is an interesting slideshow analyzing what makes JavaScript slow and offering solutions .
Closure Compiler
The Closure Compiler is a tool for making JavaScript download and run faster .
It is a true compiler for JavaScript .
Instead of compiling from a source language to machine code , it compiles from JavaScript to better JavaScript .
It parses your JavaScript , analyzes it , removes dead code and rewrites and minimizes what ’s left .
It also checks syntax , variable references , and types , and warns about common JavaScript pitfalls .
Online javascript beautifier
This little beautifier will reformat and reindent bookmarklets , ugly javascript , unpack scripts packed by the popular Dean Edward ’s packer , as well as deobfuscate scripts processed by javascriptobfuscator.com .
j Query Code Does not have to be Ugly
Resolve problems with nesting curly braces and parenthesis .
CSS & Javascript Character Entity Calculator
Enter your HTML Entity Character number ( such as ? or just 2335 – ? ) to get the CSS and JS values for that entity .
Javascript , CSS , and ( X ) HTML entities in numeric order
Below are the entities listed in numeric order with definition and ISO numeric code .
CSS ‘ content ’ does not accept named entities or regular numeric entities such as @ , but does render ASCII text and unicode .
Common Errors To Know And Compability Issues
Top 10 Things that JavaScript Got Wrong
JavaScript , if only by default , is one of the most popular programming languages available .
Over the years , it ’s been labeled as a nightmare to work with , and , to some extent , this is true !
However , more often than not , what people mean to say is that the DOM API is a nightmare .
Nevertheless , there are a handful of flat - out errors in the language .
Javascript – Event compatibility tables
Quick overview of events browser compatibility , assuming that you know the three event registration models ( traditional , W3C and Microsoft ) as well as event bubbling and capturing .
Most of the time is spent on the cross - browser events ; the links in the first compatibility table lead to even more compatibility tables with detailed information about these events .
Basic browser support for the Microsoft and W3C events is merely tested , without delving too deeply into the details .
How to Plan for the Absence of JavaScript
Though the methods used to gather website traffic statistics call into question the validity of the stats themselves , the fact is that some of your website ’s visitors will have JavaScript disabled .
You could divide your traffic sources into four broad categories : Search engines , mobile visitors , visitors using screen readers and visitors who have JavaScript turned off .
When planning your information architecture and design , you must figure out how to deal with these special groups .
Here is assembled a few recent real - world scenarios to find clarity on the issue .
Image Manipulation
Lazy Load Plugin for jQuery
Lazy loader is a jQuery plugin written in JavaScript .
It delays loading of images in ( long ) web pages .
Images outside of viewport ( visible part of web page ) wo n’t be loaded before user scrolls to them .
This is opposite of image preloading .
Spacegallery – jQuery plugin
Create Beautiful jQuery Gallery in a sec !
Visually .
No coding .
Free
GalleryView : A jQuery Content Gallery Plugin
Gallery View aims to provide jQuery users with a flexible , attractive content gallery that is both easy to implement and a snap to customize .
Graphs
17 Javascript Animation Frameworks Worth Checking Out
Here are some examples of Javascript animation frameworks that are really worth checking out .
Chrome Experiments
These experiments were created by designers and programmers from around the world using the latest open standards , including HTML5 , Canvas , SVG , and more .
Their work is making the web faster , more fun , and more open – the same spirit in which we built Google Chrome .
boingPic – a javascript experiment
This is a simple experiment using javascript and jQuery which allows you to make an image of your choice all boingy !
Mind - blowing JavaScript Experiments
The following JavaScript experiments demonstrates the amazing capabilities of the modern browsers such as Chrome and Safari .
In this post is showcased to you an array of experiments that will surely blows your mind off .
Most of the following runs best in Chrome or Safari
Dygraphs : Create interactive graphs from open source Javascript library
Dygraphs is an open source JavaScript library that produces an interactive , zoom - able charts of the present time series .
It is mainly designed to display the dense data sets and enable the users to explore and interpret them .
It is a JavaScript Visualization Library .
Building an interactive map with jQuery instead of Flash
To make the map as engaging as possible , there needed to be smooth animations and crisp graphics .
Traditionally such a project would require the use of Flash .
We try to avoid Flash whenever possible , so we began to consider how the project could be accomplished in jQuery .
AnythingZoomer jQuery Plugin
You have a small area .
You mouse over it .
An area pops up giving you a zoomed in closer look .
This is a jQuery plugin that does it .
I ’m not going to tell you what you should use it for or elaborate use - case scenarios .
Your own creativity can help you there .
Scripts for Adobe Illustrator CS ( JavaScript )
This archive includes many sample scripts ( not well commented yet confused ) tested with Adobe Illustrator CS3 13.0.3 , Windows XP SP2 ( Japanese version ) .
Google Chart Tools
The Google Chart Tools enable adding live charts to any web page .
Because he did not defrock the demented Father Murphy , it ’s time to bring in the frocks .
Pope Benedict has continued the church ’s ban on female priests and is adamant against priests ’ having wives .
He has started two investigations of American nuns to check on their “ quality of life ”  code for seeing if they ’ve grown too independent .
As a cardinal he wrote a Vatican document urging women to be submissive partners and not take on adversarial roles toward men .
But the completely paternalistic and autocratic culture of Il Papa led to an insular , exclusionary system that failed to police itself , and that became a corrosive shelter for secrets and shame .
If the church could throw open its stained glass windows and let in some air , invite women to be priests , nuns to be more emancipated and priests to marry , if it could banish criminal priests and end the sordid culture of men protecting men who attack children , it might survive .
It could be an encouraging sign of humility and repentance , a surrender of arrogance , both moving and meaningful .
Cardinal Ratzinger devoted his Vatican career to rooting out any hint of what he considered deviance .
The problem is , he was obsessed with enforcing doctrinal orthodoxy and somehow missed the graver danger to the most vulnerable members of the flock .
The sin-crazed “ Rottweiler ” was so consumed with sexual mores  issuing constant instructions on chastity , contraception , abortion  that he did n’t make time for curbing sexual abuse by priests who were supposed to pray with , not prey on , their young charges .
American bishops have gotten politically militant in recent years , opposing the health care bill because its language on abortion was n’t vehement enough , and punishing Catholic politicians who favor abortion rights and stem cell research .
They should spend as much time guarding the kids already under their care as they do championing the rights of those who are n’t yet born .
Decade after decade , the church hid its sordid crimes , enabling the collared perpetrators instead of letting the police collar them .
In the case of the infamous German priest , one diocese official hinted that his problem could be fixed by transferring him to teach at a girls ’ school .
Either they figured that he would not be tempted by the female sex , or worse , the church was even less concerned about putting little girls at risk .
The nuns have historically cleaned up the messes of priests .
And this is a historic mess .
Benedict should go home to Bavaria .
And the cardinals should send the white smoke up the chimney , proclaiming “ Habemus Mama . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The government has been defeated in the House of Lords over measures to tackle online piracy after opponents said the plans could hamper digital innovation .
Ministers want the power to change laws on online copyright in future without the need for further legislation .
The Lords said the " blanket nature " of the clause was " objectionable " .
But their chosen replacement - giving courts the right to block internet sites which are infringing copyright - has also prompted criticism .
The government argued that the new Digital Economy Bill should include the power to amend copyright law to ensure legislation could cope with more technically advanced forms of piracy in the future .
But Google and Facebook were among the firms to express " grave concerns " about the provision , saying it could allow ministers to " increase monitoring of user data even where no illegal practice has taken place " .
' Swift recourse '
And on Wednesday , Lords voted to support a Conservative and Liberal Democrat amendment to the bill which paves the way for the clause to be scrapped .
Lib Dem spokesman Lord Clement - Jones said it would be replaced with a measure allowing courts to use injunctions to force internet service providers ( ISPs ) to block certain websites .
We cannot rely on the front bench of any major party to respect or understand the internet and modern technology
Pirate Party UK
He said the " more proportionate , specific and appropriate " measure , approved by 165 votes to 140 , would tackle websites offering films or music illegally .
" There are several sites out there on the web , many of which are based outside the UK , which refuse to stop supplying access to illegal content - indeed whose business plan depends on supplying illegal content , " Lord Clement - Jones said .
" At the moment it is not explicit what could be done about such sites .
" This site - blocking remedy would give rights holders an explicit , swift recourse to courts to block access to those sites . "
He added : " I believe this is going to send a powerful message ... that we do not believe in censoring the internet , but we are responding to genuine concerns from the creative industries about providing a process whereby their material can be satisfactorily accessed legally . "
But the amendment has caused just as much concern in some quarters .
Search engines The Internet Services Providers ' Association ( ISPA'S ) said it would lead to " blocking based on accusation rather than a court injunction " .
It is highly unlikely that a court would order blocking of websites that adopt responsible copyright policies
Geoff Taylor , BPI The Open Rights Group said the industry was " faced with an appalling sight " - a choice between the government 's flawed stance , and that of the Lib Dems and Tories , who are " pushing an approach likely to produce straightforward threats , bans and withdrawals of sites with user generated content " .
Pirate Party UK , which campaigns on the issue , said the new measure does not require offending websites to be hosting the infringing material , only that such material is " accessible at or via " the location .
Therefore , it said it could affect search engines like Google and sites like YouTube , adding : " Today 's events clearly demonstrate that we cannot rely on the front bench of any major party to respect or understand the internet and modern technology . "
Junior innovation minister Lord Young of Norwood Green said blocking websites was an " enormous step " .
He said it would be hard to block sites offering illegal content without also blocking legitimate material , and agreed that sites linking to other sites - such as search engines - could be adversely affected .
" I do n't think it would be sensible or appropriate to adopt this approach , " he warned during the debate on the bill .
But Geoff Taylor , from BPI , which represents the recorded music industry , welcomed the amendment and said the ISPA 's claim it could lead to " blocking based on accusation " was unfounded .
" It is highly unlikely that a court would order blocking of websites that adopt responsible copyright policies , including effective take - down procedures , so the suggestion of YouTube being shut down is just scaremongering , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PRINCETON , NJ --
More than a year into Barack Obama 's presidency , Americans are more likely to say George W. Bush is responsible for today 's economic problems than they are to say Obama is responsible .
Gallup shows a significant uptick since last July in the percentage of Americans blaming Obama at least a moderate amount ( from 32 % to 50 % ) , but little decrease ( from 80 % to 75 % ) in the percentage blaming Bush .
Proportionally , the gap in perceived culpability for current economic problems is even wider when one looks at the percentage blaming each president " a great deal " -- 26 % for Obama and 42 % for Bush .
" The ' blame ' data suggest that these job ratings could be even lower were Obama more widely perceived as directly responsible for the economy 's problems . "
Obama has stated that he " inherited the most profound economic emergency since the Great Depression . "
And while some of his critics dispute the extent of the crisis , there is little debate that he arrived in Washington amid rising unemployment , struggling equity and housing markets , distressed banking and auto industries , and a rapid retreat in consumer spending .
Americans in July 2009 clearly recognized that the nation 's economic problems preceded Obama 's term ; at that time , close to half of Republicans ( 43 % ) -- in addition to most independents ( 63 % ) and nearly all Democrats ( 92 % ) -- believed Obama bore little or no responsibility for them .
Those figures have since declined , particularly among Republicans ; nevertheless , political independents , as well as Democrats , continue to blame Bush much more than Obama for the current problems .
Obama 's current job approval rating -- recently bobbing just below 50 % , and low by historical standards -- may partly reflect Americans ' general economic discontent .
Indeed , against the backdrop of broadly low economic confidence , Obama 's approval rating on the economy is now 37 % , with 61 % disapproving .
The " blame " data suggest that these job ratings could be even lower were Obama more widely perceived as directly responsible for the economy 's problems .
Gallup 's Presidential Job Approval Center shows that , of the presidents in office during economic recessions , Gerald Ford , Jimmy Carter , and Ronald Reagan all received lower overall job approval ratings at the official " troughs " of their recessions than Obama has yet received as president .
Ford 's approval rating was 37 % in March 1975 ; Carter 's was 33 % in July 1980 ; and Reagan 's was 43 % in November 1982 .
However , other presidents who served during recessions -- Harry Truman , Dwight Eisenhower , John F. Kennedy , Richard Nixon , George H.W. Bush , and George W. Bush -- all had ratings of 50 % or better at the troughs of those recessions .
In most cases , this was a reflection of timing ( shortly after inauguration ) or of other major events ( such as the Persian Gulf War and 9/11 ) overshadowing the economy .
Bottom Line
Theoretically , Obama accumulates more responsibility for the nation 's economy every day he 's in office .
That could bear down increasingly hard on his approval rating if unemployment continues to hold at or near 10 % and consumer attitudes remain negative .
However , the big upside is that should the economy rebound on his watch -- and recent Gallup tracking has some signs of a " nascent " recovery -- Obama is poised to receive much of the credit .
By George Friedman Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is scheduled to meet with U.S. President Barack Obama on March 23 .
The meeting follows the explosion in U.S. - Israeli relations after Israel announced it was licensing construction of homes in East Jerusalem while U.S. Vice President Joe Biden was in Israel .
The United States wants Israel to stop all construction of new Jewish settlements .
The Israelis argue that East Jerusalem is not part of the occupied territories , and hence , the U.S. demand does n't apply there .
The Americans are not parsing their demand so finely and regard the announcement — timed as it was — as a direct affront and challenge .
Israel 's response is that it is a sovereign state and so must be permitted to do as it wishes .
The implicit American response is that the United States is also a sovereign state and will respond as it wishes .
The polemics in this case are not the point .
The issue is more fundamental : namely , the degree to which U.S. and Israeli relations converge and diverge .
This is not a matter of friendship but , as in all things geopolitical , of national interest .
It is difficult to discuss U.S. and Israeli interests objectively , as the relationship is clouded with endless rhetoric and simplistic formulations .
It is thus difficult to know where to start , but two points of entry into this controversy come to mind .
The first is the idea that anti-Americanism in the Middle East has its roots in U.S. support for Israel , a point made by those in the United States and abroad who want the United States to distance itself from Israel .
The second is that the United States has a special strategic relationship with Israel and a mutual dependency .
Both statements have elements of truth , but neither is simply true — and both require much more substantial analysis .
In analyzing them , we begin the process of trying to disentangle national interests from rhetoric .
Anti-Americanism in the Middle East Begin with the claim that U.S. support for Israel generates anti-Americanism in the Arab and Islamic world .
While such support undoubtedly contributes to the phenomenon , it hardly explains it .
The fundamental problem with the theory is that Arab anti-Americanism predates significant U.S. support for Israel .
Until 1967 , the United States gave very little aid to Israel .
What aid Washington gave was in the form of very limited loans to purchase agricultural products from the United States — a program that many countries in the world participated in .
It was France , not the United States , which was the primary supplier of weapons to Israeli .
In 1956 , Israel invaded the Sinai while Britain and France seized the Suez Canal , which the Egyptian government of Gamal Abdul Nasser had nationalized .
The Eisenhower administration intervened — against Israel and on the side of Egypt.
Under U.S. pressure , the British , French and Israelis were forced to withdraw .
There were widespread charges that the Eisenhower administration was pro-Arab and anti-Israeli ; certainly no one could argue that Eisenhower was significantly pro-Israel .
In spite of this , Nasser entered into a series of major agreements with the Soviet Union .
Egypt effectively became a Soviet ally , the recipient of massive Soviet aid and a center of anti-American rhetoric .
Whatever his reasons — and they had to do with U.S. unwillingness to give Egypt massive aid — Egypt 's anti-American attitude had nothing to do with the Israelis , save perhaps that the United States was not prepared to join Egypt in trying to destroy Israel .
Two major political events took place in 1963 : left - wing political coups in Syria and Iraq that brought the Baathist Party to power in both countries .
Note that this took place pre-1967 , i.e. , before the United States became closely aligned with Israel .
Both regimes were pro-Soviet and anti-American , but neither could have been responding to U.S. support for Israel because there was n't much .
In 1964 , Washington gave Cairo the first significant U.S. military aid in the form of Hawk missiles , but it gave those to other Arab countries , too , in response to the coups in Iraq and Syria .
The United States feared the Soviets would base fighters in those two countries , so it began installing anti-air systems to try to block potential Soviet airstrikes on Saudi Arabia .
In 1967 , France broke with Israel over the Arab - Israeli conflict that year .
The United States began significant aid to Israel .
In 1973 , after the Syrian and Egyptian attack on Israel , the U.S. began massive assistance .
In 1974 this amounted to about 25 percent of Israeli gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
The aid has continued at roughly the same level , but given the massive growth of the Israeli economy , it now amounts to about 2.5 percent of Israeli GDP .
The point here is that the United States was not actively involved in supporting Israel prior to 1967 , yet anti-Americanism in the Arab world was rampant .
The Arabs might have blamed the United States for Israel , but there was little empirical basis for this claim .
Certainly , U.S. aid commenced in 1967 and surged in 1974 , but the argument that eliminating support for Israel would cause anti-Americanism to decline must first explain the origins of anti-Americanism , which substantially predated American support for Israel .
In fact , it is not clear that Arab anti-Americanism was greater after the initiation of major aid to Israel than before .
Indeed , Egypt , the most important Arab country , shifted its position to a pro-American stance after the 1973 war in the face of U.S. aid .
Israel 's Importance to the United States Let 's now consider the assumption that Israel is a critical U.S. asset .
American grand strategy has always been derived from British grand strategy .
The United States seeks to maintain regional balances of power in order to avoid the emergence of larger powers that can threaten U.S. interests .
The Cold War was a massive exercise in the balance of power , pitting an American - sponsored worldwide alliance system against one formed by the Soviet Union .
Since the end of the Cold War , the United States has acted a number of times against regional hegemons : Iraq in 1990 - 91 , Serbia in 1999 and so on .
In the area called generally the Middle East , but which we prefer to think of as the area between the Mediterranean and the Hindu Kush , there are three intrinsic regional balances .
One is the Arab - Israeli balance of power .
The second is the Iran - Iraq balance .
The third is the Indo - Pakistani balance of power .
The American goal in each balance is not so much stability as it is the mutual neutralization of local powers by other local powers .
Two of the three regional balances of power are collapsed or in jeopardy .
The 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq and the failure to quickly put a strong , anti-Iranian government in place in Baghdad , has led to the collapse of the central balance of power — with little hope of resurrection .
The eastern balance of power between Pakistan and India is also in danger of toppling .
The Afghan war has caused profound stresses in Pakistan , and there are scenarios in which we can imagine Pakistan 's power dramatically weakening or even cracking .
It is unclear how this will evolve , but what is clear is that it is not in the interest of the United States because it would destroy the native balance of power with India .
The United States does not want to see India as the unchallenged power in the subcontinent any more than it wants to see Pakistan in that position .
The United States needs a strong Pakistan to balance India , and its problem now is how to manage the Afghan war — a side issue strategically — without undermining the strategic interest of the United States , an Indo - Pakistani balance of power .
The western balance of power , Israel and the surrounding states , is relatively stable .
What is most important to the United States at this point is that this balance of power also not destabilize .
In this sense , Israel is an important strategic asset .
But in the broader picture , where the United States is dealing with the collapse of the central balance of power and with the destabilization of the eastern balance of power , Washington does not want or need the destabilization of the western balance — between the Israelis and Arabs — at this time .
U.S. " bandwidth " is already stretched to the limit .
Washington does not need another problem .
Nor does it need instability in this region complicating things in the other regions .
Note that the United States is interested in maintaining the balance of power .
This means that the U.S. interest is in a stable set of relations , with no one power becoming excessively powerful and therefore unmanageable by the United States .
Israel is already the dominant power in the region , and the degree to which Syria , Jordan and Egypt contain Israel is limited .
Israel is moving from the position of an American ally maintaining a balance of power to a regional hegemon in its own right operating outside the framework of American interests .
The United States above all wants to ensure continuity after Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak dies .
It wants to ensure that the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan remains stable .
And in its attempts to manage the situation in the center and east , it wants to ensure that nothing happens in the west to further complicate an already - enormously complex situation .
There is very little Israel can do to help the United States in the center and eastern balances .
On the other hand , if the western balance of power were to collapse — due to anything from a collapse of the Egyptian regime to a new Israeli war with Hezbollah — the United States might find itself drawn into that conflict , while a new intifada in the Palestinian territories would not help matters either .
It is unknown what effect this would have in the other balances of power , but the United States is operating at the limits of its power to try to manage these situations .
Israel cannot help there , but it could hurt , for example by initiating an attack on Iran outside the framework of American planning .
Therefore , the United States wants one thing from Israel now : for Israel to do nothing that could possibly destabilize the western balance of power or make America 's task more difficult in the other regions .
Israel sees the American preoccupation in these other regions , along with the current favorable alignment of forces in its region , as an opportunity both to consolidate and expand its power and to create new realities on the ground .
One of these is building in East Jerusalem , or more precisely , using the moment to reshape the demographics and geography of its immediate region .
The Israeli position is that it has rights in East Jerusalem that the United States cannot intrude on .
The U.S. position is that it has interests in the broader region that are potentially weakened by this construction at this time .
Israel 's desire to do so is understandable , but it runs counter to American interests .
The United States , given its overwhelming challenges , is neither interested in Israel 's desire to reshape its region , nor can it tolerate any more risk deriving from Israel 's actions .
However small the risks might be , the United States is maxed out on risk .
Therefore , Israel 's interests and that of the United States diverge .
Israel sees an opportunity ; the United States sees more risk .
The problem Israel has is that , in the long run , its relationship to the United States is its insurance policy .
Netanyahu appears to be calculating that given the U.S. need for a western balance of power , whatever Israel does now will be allowed because in the end the United States needs Israel to maintain that balance of power .
Therefore , he is probing aggressively .
Netanyahu also has domestic political reasons for proceeding with this construction .
For him , this construction is a prudent and necessary step .
Obama 's task is to convince Netanyahu that Israel has strategic value for the United States , but only in the context of broader U.S. interests in the region .
If Israel becomes part of the American problem rather than the solution , the United States will seek other solutions .
That is a hard case to make but not an impossible one .
The balance of power is in the eastern Mediterranean , and there is another democracy the United States could turn to : Turkey — which is more than eager to fulfill that role and exploit Israeli tensions with the United States .
It may not be the most persuasive threat , but the fact is that Israel cannot afford any threat from the United States , such as an end to the intense U.S. - Israeli bilateral relationship .
While this relationship might not be essential to Israel at the moment , it is one of the foundations of Israeli grand strategy in the long run .
Just as the United States cannot afford any more instability in the region at the moment , so Israel cannot afford any threat , however remote , to its relationship with the United States .
A More Complicated Relationship
What is clear in all this is that the statement that Israel and the United States are strategic partners is not untrue , it is just vastly more complicated than it appears .
Similarly , the claim that American support for Israel fuels anti-Americans is both a true and insufficient statement .
Netanyahu is betting on Congress and political pressures to restrain U.S. responses to Israel .
One of the arguments of geopolitics is that political advantage is insufficient in the face of geopolitical necessity .
Pressure on Congress from Israel in order to build houses in Jerusalem while the United States is dealing with crises in the region could easily backfire .
The fact is that while the argument that U.S. Israel policy caused anti-Americanism in the region may not be altogether true , the United States does not need any further challenges or stresses .
Nations overwhelmed by challenges can behave in unpredictable ways .
Netanyahu 's decision to confront the United States at this time on this issue creates an unpredictability that would seem excessive to Israel 's long term interests .
Expecting the American political process to protect Israel from the consequences is not necessarily gauging the American mood at the moment .
The national interest of both countries is to maximize their freedom to maneuver .
The Israelis have a temporary advantage because of American interests elsewhere in the region .
But that creates a long - term threat .
With two wars going on and two regional balances in shambles or tottering , the United States does not need a new crisis in the third .
Israel has an interest in housing in East Jerusalem .
The United States does not .
This frames the conversation between Netanyahu and Obama .
The rest is rhetoric .
In mid-January , 400,000 Nepalis gathered at the Bhrikuti Mandap exhibition hall in Kathmandu to see the latest gadgets and technologies .
Well , sort of .
On its 16th year , CAN InfoTech , the biggest tech trade show in Nepal , displayed 238 stalls boasting everything from the Nokia N81 cell phone to the Sony NW - 806 Walkman — both of which hit the US markets in the fall of 2007 .
But never mind the delay — here 's a glimpse at what captured the attention of our fellow geeks across the globe .
Mobile apps are making headway into Nepal for the first time this year .
According to the World Bank , 12 % of the population had cell phones in 2007 ; this is a huge increase from 2000 , when the figure was just hitting 3 % .
An 8 - terabyte storage device !
Nepal 's tech sector is by no means anywhere close to ours , but it 's growing .
13 % of households had TV sets in 2007 ( compared to 3 % in 2000 ) and 1.5 % use the Internet ( compared to 0.2 % in 2000 ) .
Prices for phone calls and Internet connections are dropping .
Perhaps as a means to save already - scarce electricity , the Sony booth was lit up by giant dishes made of aluminum foil .
Laptops for sale were covered in cellophane wrap to prevent dirty fingers from touching them .
The government 's Cyber Crime Cell , which was set up in 2007 , investigates Internet - based crimes including child pornography , money laundering , and intellectual property .
The biggest sign at the convention hall was for the toilet .
John Hodgman makes his Kathmandu debut on an iMac screen .
Apple products are imported directly from Apple Singapore , and are growing in popularity among the educated urban crowd .
iMacs and MacBooks are relatively quickly to hit the market here , but there 's still no sign of the iPhone — and it could be years before the iPad will get here , says Sanjay Gochha , founder of local tech marketing firm Neoteric Infomatique .
Buddha Power is a local company that sells backup devices .
I just liked the name .
Generators are huge business in a country with no electricity for 8 - 16 hours a day .
" The main advantage of Nepal is that it has lower operating costs , an English speaking population , and software - skilled manpower , " Neoteric 's Golchha says .
" But we also have inherent problems such as the shortage of power . "
Sony shamelessly displays their 2008 Home Audio catalog on a magazine rack near their giant booth .
August 12th
it feels like days dont start .
and days dont end .
there is no sense of time .
it feels like bring dropped into a dark void .
completely dark .
and all the darkness has weight , a thickness .
not liquid .
not a solid .
something else .
and youre trapped .
and the longer you are there you know the black is just growing and growing and growing .
and theres nothing you can do .
the hole would just be bigger to dig out of with every passing hour .
but you cant even do that .
watching a pane of glass sllllooowwwwlllllyyyyyyyy have a crack weasel through it .
but you dont know when it will lose its stability .
Watchdog orders publication of former prime minister 's payment by oil firm that was kept secret for 20 months
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Tony Blair has received cash from a South Korean oil firm in a deal kept secret until the business appointments watchdog intervened , the Guardian has learned .
After 20 months of secrecy , the former prime minister has now been overruled by the chairman of the advisory committee on business appointments , the former Tory cabinet minister Ian Lang .
Lang this week ordered publication of Blair 's deal with UI Energy Corporation , which has extensive oil interests in the US and in Iraq .
Blair repeatedly claimed to the committee , which assesses jobs taken up by former ministers , that the existence of the deal had to be kept secret at the request of the South Koreans , because of " market sensitivities " .
According to a committee spokesman , Blair 's claims of the need for secrecy were first made in July 2008 , when the committee agreed to break its normal rules , and postpone publication for three months .
Blair 's office went back to the committee in October of that year and asked for a further six months .
They promised to let the committee know as soon as the " market sensitivity " had passed .
Committee sources said they heard nothing further and had to " chase " Blair .
This culminated in a formal letter from the committee last November .
Blair 's office responded last month , claiming the deal was still too sensitive to reveal .
Lang , who is understood to have reviewed the files , told Blair he saw no reason to keep the deal secret any longer .
The committee website now publishes a statement identifying Blair 's job as " advice to a consortium of investors led by the UI Energy Corporation ( Publication delayed due to market sensitivities ) " .
The committee also detailed on its website a similarly unpublished Blair deal with the ruling family in Kuwait .
He has been in their pay since December 2007 , with the task of producing a general report on the oil state 's future over the next 30 years , at a reported £ 1 m fee .
Asked about the Korean deal , his spokesman said : " Mr Blair gave a one - off piece of advice in respect of a project for UI Energy in August 2008 .
He sought , and received , approval from the advisory committee on business appointments before undertaking this project . "
He added : " UI Energy requested of the committee that they delay public announcement for reasons of market sensitivity , which the committee agreed to do . "
He would not say what the advice was about , or how much Blair was paid .
The Korean firm is normally frank to the point of boastfulness about its hiring of former top politicians .
It says on its website : " This is a strong competitive edge that UI Energy Corporation has over other companies . "
The former Australian prime minister Bob Hawke has been one of its paid advisers .
It also lists US politicians on its payroll , saying : " Congressman Stephen J Solarz , the former secretary of defence Frank C Carlucci , the former ambassador to Egypt Nicholas A Veliotes , and US commander for the Middle East General John P Abizaid exercise their network and political influence to promote UI Energy on the development of oil fields in Iraq where the USA governs . "
Blair 's office denies that the help given to UI Energy was linked to Iraq , where the Korean firm 's consortium at the time had just struck oil in a controversial deal with autonomous Kurdistan , to the displeasure of the central Iraqi regime .
It said : " The project had nothing to do with Iraq " .
Blair , who set up a commercial consultancy firm , Tony Blair Associates , following the Korea and Kuwait deals , has been secretive in the past about his money - making schemes .
A Guardian investigation last year found that he had put his multimillion - pound income through an obscure partnership structure called Windrush Ventures , which enabled him to avoid publishing normal company accounts .
Updated story : 9 Hutaree members face federal charges of conspiracy , attempting to use weapons of mass destruction
The FBI conducted raids Saturday night in Washtenaw County and Lenawee County in an investigation involving members of Hutaree , a Christian - oriented militia group based in Lenawee County , AnnArbor.com has learned .
The nature of those raids has not been made public .
FBI Special Agent Jason Pack , who is based in Washington , D.C. , said he did not know how many people were taken into custody .
Gina Balaya , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney 's Office in Detroit , could not be reached for comment today .
Michigan Militia member James Schiel , second from left , told AnnArbor.com today that five people were arrested in the raids .
He is pictured with Hutaree member Wendy Lineweaver , a member who goes by the name Chainsaw , a member named Kevin , and Will Bachman .
In the photo , they were helping local law enforcement officials search for a Bridgewater Township man who was missing in February .
" I can confirm that there is ongoing law enforcement activity in the Ann Arbor general area , " Pack said in a written statement .
" Since the federal warrants are under court ordered seal , legally we cannot provide further comment at this time . "
Local Michigan militia member Jimmy Schiel said he was told five people were arrested - including one known member of Hutaree .
Schiel said the five were reportedly arrested during a raid at a service in the Ann Arbor area for a Hutaree member who died recently .
Schiel was told about eight Hutaree members were present .
He did n't know who organized the service .
Schiel , who said he was invited but did not attend , spoke to a Hutaree member who was there , he said .
The member told him people were questioned about guns .
Hutaree members could n't be reached for comment today .
As AnnArbor.com reported last week , several Hutaree members were recently involved in searches in Bridgewater Township after two residents went missing in separate incidents .
Bridgewater Township Supervisor Jolea Mull , who is a Republican , had requested help from local militia members to assist in those searches .
Schiel worked closely with Hutaree members on both occasions .
Matt Savino , a member of the Lenawee County Volunteer Militia , said he met with a group of Hutaree members about 11 p.m. Saturday outside an Adrian convenience store .
Savino said a Hutaree member had called him and said " there 's an emergency " and he needed to talk , but did n't specify what it was about .
Savino and two other members from his unit met with the man , who was accompanied by three other men , two women and a young child .
The man told Savino federal law enforcement agents had raided his Lenawee County home and had already taken five Hutaree members into custody in the Ann Arbor area , Savino said .
He asked Savino for help .
" I asked why are they getting detained and why are they raiding your house and they had no answer , " Savino said .
Savino said he encouraged the man to turn himself in .
The man said , " That 's not an option , " and the group left , Savino said .
Hutaree claims to have about 30 members , including several who live Washtenaw County .
The group has its own pastor and a leader , members said .
Members are known to train with AR - 15s .
The Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia has not been targeted in any raids , spokesman Mike Lackomar said .
The group posted a message on its website today saying , " Neither michiganmilitia.com nor the SMVM have been ' raided ' by the FBI .
We do nothing illegal . "
The FBI set up a command post at the Washtenaw County Sheriff 's Department late last week .
Sheriff 's spokesman Derrick Jackson said the department was not involved in the operation .
The FBI conducted multiple raids Saturday and into Sunday in Adrian , and one of them centered on a property where known members of a militia live , the Associated Press reported .
Several other raids took place around the same time in Ohio and Indiana , although it 's unclear whether they were related .
The Ohio raids took place in Sandusky and Huron , and the Indiana raid occurred in Hammond .
The Department of Homeland Security and the Joint Terrorism Task Force are also involved in the raids , the AP reported .
Here are links to news coverage of FBI raids in southeast Michigan and elsewhere Saturday night :
Lee Higgins covers crime and courts for AnnArbor.com .
He can be reached at leehiggins@annarbor.com or 734-623-2527 .
FOR snivelling children and recalcitrant carnivores , requests that they should eat five portions of fruit and vegetables every day have mostly fallen on deaf ears .
But those who did comply with official advice from charities , governments and even the mighty World Health Organisation ( WHO ) , could remind themselves , rather smugly , that the extra greens they forced down at lunchtime would greatly reduce their chances of getting cancer .
Until now , that is .
Because a group of researchers led by Paolo Boffetta , of the Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York , have conducted a new study into the link between cancer and the consumption of fruit and vegetables , and found it to be far weaker than anyone had thought .
In the past , veggie - associated reductions of cancer - risk rates as high as 50 % had been reported .
But it appears that some of these early investigations may have been biased by the use of “ case - control ” studies .
Such studies try to identify the factors contributing to cancer by comparing people who have the disease with those who do not , but are otherwise similar .
The problem is that they can easily be biased if researchers do not adequately establish that the two groups being compared are , indeed , otherwise similar .
Walter Willet , at the Harvard School of Public Health , says it appears that earlier investigations were more likely to use health - conscious people as their controls .
These types of people are , unsurprisingly , more likely to agree to be interviewed about their health than slobby couch potatoes .
Dr Boffetta and his colleagues have therefore carried out a different kind of study , known as prospective cohort study , which they report in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
Their work follows a group of individuals over time and looks at how different factors contribute to different outcomes — in this case , the development of cancer .
Analysis of dietary data from almost 500,000 people in Europe found only a weak association between high fruit and vegetable intake and reduced overall cancer risk .
Green with envy
According to Susan Jebb , of the British Medical Research Council 's Collaborative Centre for Human Nutrition Research in Cambridge , the new study suggests that if Europeans increased their consumption of fruit and vegetables by 150g a day ( about two servings , or 40 % of the WHO 's recommended daily allowance ) , it would result in a decrease of just 2.6 % in the rate of cancers in men and 2.3 % in women .
Even those who eat virtually no fruit and vegetables , the paper suggests , are only 9 % more likely to develop cancer than those who stick to the WHO recommendations .
On the face of it , that is quite a blow to the smug salad eaters , and the health lobby 's spin-doctors were out in force in the wake of the paper 's publication , to play down its conclusions .
Before racing to the food - recycling bin with the contents of an ageing fruit bowl , they pointed out , there are a number of other factors that nutritionists would urge that you consider .
One is that this kind of study has attempted to adjust for every possible factor that might contribute to the relationship , and isolate only the contribution that fruit and vegetables make .
This means that if people who turn away from fruit and vegetables end up eating more processed meats or foods high in fat instead , they probably will increase their cancer risk , even though the direct cause is not the consumption of less fruit and veg .
More importantly , there is still good evidence that fruit and vegetables protect against heart disease and strokes by reducing blood pressure .
A separate investigation of the people involved in Dr Boffetta 's study suggests that those who eat five servings a day of fruit and vegetables have a 30 % lower incidence of heart disease and strokes than those who eat less than one and a half servings .
It is also possible that some specific foods , such as tomatoes , broccoli and other cruciferous vegetables , do offer protective effects against particular kinds of cancer .
As a consequence , the best advice is probably still to eat your five a day .
But for snivelling children and recalcitrant carnivores the fleeting thought that you might not have to was nice while it lasted .
“ The tragedy of historical investigations : The confirmation of diabolical hypotheses by ugly facts . ”
“ The only means of being able to protect yourself will be to understand the answer to the question , ‘ What is the final end game for the most powerful families that are in fact running countries and markets ? ’” — Jim Sinclair
“ Governments are far more dangerous than other elements within society . ” – Niccolo Machiavelli
Summary : Everyone agrees that the Gladio - Europe Conspiracy had been a Syndicate - sponsored terror campaign falsely attributed to left - wing terrorists .
This , in turn , raises the possibility that contemporary terror is likewise Syndicate - sponsored , falsely attributed to radical Muslims and others .
To further support this possibility , the present posting outlines 19 general characteristics of contemporary terror .
For the sake of brevity , this outline focuses exclusively on the Syndicate ’s most powerful handmaiden — the American government , the terror operations of this handmaiden in just one country — the USA , and it illustrates each characteristic with just one act of domestic terror — the April 2013 Boston Marathon Explosions .
Taken together , these 19 characteristics ( i ) provide a theoretical framework of fake terror , ( ii ) facilitate identification of past and future incidents of fake terror , ( iii ) throw light on such incidents , ( iv ) afford near - conclusive proof for the ubiquity of government - sponsored terror in the USA , and , as a side benefit , ( v ) compellingly confirm the suspicion that the Boston explosions were orchestrated by the Syndicate ( working primarily through its Washington DC outpost ) .
By Moti Nissani
Other postings of “ A Bird ’s Eye View of Contrived Terror : ”
I. Preview ;
II . Backdrop of Terror ;
III .
The Gladio Conspiracy
V. History : Read it and Learn
VI .
Forthcoming ( to be posted before July 20 , 2013 ) : Give me Logic or Give me Terror
Introduction
One month after the April 2013 Boston Marathon explosions , explosions which had been officially classified as acts of terror and which killed three people and injured dozens , Richard Cottrell , an expert on Gladio - Europe , wrote :
“ In the 1960′s through to the 1980′s NATO ’s Gladio secret armies with their consorts in organized crime and among extreme right organizations carried out what became known as the ‘ Strategy of Tension . ’ . . .
The strategy was intended to convince Europeans of the ‘ enemy within’ – sleeping communist cells bent on overthrowing the established system .
“ Now Muslim fanatics are the order of the day .
Each new atrocity , then a new round of chains prepared to bind Americans to the loss of civil liberties and freedoms granted by the Constitution .
“ You have been warned . ”
Writers such as Richard Cottrell , Gordon Duff , James Fetzer , Stephen Lendman , Kevin Barrett , Christof Lehmann , or Michael Rivero , insist that the so - called “ war on terror ” is in fact a continuation of Gladio .
Here I should like to substantiate their claim by looking at the Gladio - USA Conspiracy as a whole .
Gladio continues nowadays in dozens of countries , but , given time ’s chariot wings , the discussion below is centered for the most part on a key outpost in the bankers ’
Machiavellian designs — the United States of America .
The discussion will be restricted to domestic terror , even though such terror is only a fraction of a fraction of the terror that country visits on the entire world .
Finally , each of the 19 salient characteristics of government - sponsored terror will be illustrated with just one recent example of an officially - designated act of terror — the April 2013 Boston Marathon Explosions .
That tragic incident took place on April 15 , 2013 , near the finish line of the Boston Marathon .
The government avers that three people were killed and 264 injured .
The government first traced the explosions to a Saudi national , but , reportedly , after impromptu separate face - to - face meetings of the Saudi ambassador to the USA with the American president and Secretary of state , and after the president ’s wife visited this suspect in the hospital , the case against him had been dropped and he was summarily deported .
The government then moved on to pin these two senseless explosions on two ethnically Chechen brothers , living in Boston .
By April 18 , the older brother , Tamerlan Tsarnaev , was captured and killed .
A day later his younger brother , Dzhorkhar Tsarnaev , was captured and injured , but , as of this writing , the government avers that he is recovering well from the severe physical injuries it inflicted on him .
Throughout this discussion , readers should keep in mind one elementary feature of the natural sciences .
In genetics or astronomy , for instance , you often have two competing views of reality .
Are proteins or DNA the hereditary material ?
Is the earth flat or round ?
To decide such issues , you reason , observe , and conduct experiments .
As you move along , you ask :
Is this line of reasoning , or observation , or experiment , more consistent with the traditional view or with its challenger ?
At times you reach a point where you must discard the traditional view and embrace its competitor ( psychologically , this process is an excruciating task ; see here and here ) .
That is what you might wish to do as you peruse the arguments and evidence marshaled in this long posting .
Beyond a certain point , self - respect and logic should drive you ( if you are not already there ) to two ugly conclusions : 1 . Almost all 21st Century hyped terror operations are government - sponsored .
2 . The Boston 2013 explosions , in particular , are one incontestable example of concocted terror .
1. Warnings and omens of impending terror are ignored
Acts of terror involve meticulous preparations .
Often , someone not privy to their true authorship notices them and alerts the government .
As might be expected from the Gladio - USA hypothesis ( but not from its “ Jihadist ” rival ) , such alarms are invariably ignored : Would Al Capone heed alerts that someone was planning to kill one of Al Capone ’s lieutenants , when that someone was Al Capone himself ?
We now live in a land where peaceful and idealistic whistle blowers are incarcerated , tortured , and driven insane ; a land where the dying 73 - year - old idealist Lynne Stewart is imprisoned and chained to her hospital bed because she dared provide a spirited legal defense to a fraudulently - accused blind Muslim cleric ; a land where a careless joke can bring upon you the wrath of the Cheka .
In this land , there are tens of thousands of ordinary , law - abiding , citizens who may or may not hold dissident views but who , without the benefits of a judge or jury , without a trial , without an explanation , without advance warning , arrive at American airports only to be told that they are on a secret , typically arbitrary , Orwellian no - fly - list .
The list includes terrorists such as Mikey Hicks , an 8 - year - old frequent traveler from New Jersey who “ has seldom boarded a plane without a hassle because he shares the name of a suspicious person . ”
Tens of millions of others are mercilessly harassed , irradiated , physically abused , and humiliated before boarding an airplane .
If these boarders happen to have an Arabic name , or if they are men , women , or children enough to show displeasure at governmental abuses , all the more so .
All this harassment , mind you , often takes place on the basis of the flimsiest evidence–or no evidence at all .
So you would naively expect the death squads ( e.g. , FBI ) to jump out of their bulletproof vests when informed by reliable sources that someone is contemplating blowing up an airplane or two .
And yet , they hardly ever react .
In Boston , advance warnings about Tamerlan Tsarnaev came in fast and furious , including two Russian wake - up calls :
” According to US officials , they were twice warned by Russia that he may have been tied to Caucasian militants .
In 2011 , Russians security officials requested that the US investigate Tamerlan ’s activities .
The FBI would make a brief investigation and then close the case leading to unsatisfied Russian security officials making the same request four months later in September 2011 .
Tamerlan was actually being watched by the Russian secret services whenever he visited the Russian Federation . ”
The Saudi theocracy , and even the CIA , also issued warnings .
The Saudi dictatorship practiced what they preached and “ denied an entry visa to the elder Tsarnaev brother in December 2011 , when he hoped to make a pilgrimage to Mecca . ”
As a result , the entire family was under watch :
“ about 18 months before the Boston Explosions , the CIA added the mother of the two suspects to a terrorism database after Russian authorities raised concerns that she and her oldest son were religious militants . “
The adjacent Napolitano photo and caption have been copied from the corporate media :
Despite the warnings , the Boston would - be “ terrorists ” were apparently exempted from the harassments that the rest of us are subject to .
The late Tamerlan Tsarnaev , especially , was a Muslim , a mixed martial arts fighter , a non-citizen , a subject of multiple warnings , and altogether a highly - suspicious character , if we are to take several governments at their own word .
Yet , unlike the rest of us , that alleged would - be detonator of the Boston pressure cookers was never harassed .
He was allowed to fly out of the USA , attend a CIA - sponsored militant conference in Russia , and then was welcomed back to America — no questions asked .
I have run across two excuses for this seeming lapse of security .
The first is “ the threadbare and all - purpose mantra of a ‘ failure to connect the dots . ’ ”
The second was recited by the cat ’s paw - in - chief :
“ Well , and the FBI followed up on them , but the FBI ca n’t arrest somebody because of a rumor , and that is our system of law . ”
This excuse is even lamer than the first , given that our Constitution keeled over in 2001 .
Our system forbids torture , and yet this cat ’s paw ’s subordinates practice torture every day , on a massive scale everywhere , including on millions of American prisoners .
Our system advocates free speech , yet it controls the masses ’ sources of information , tries to take over the most important free - speech forums left ( universities and the internet ) , and tortures or executes those who practice free speech to help save the world from slavery and environmental destruction .
In theory , our system forbids bribery , theft , police brutality — yet all of these and more happen daily , in broad daylight .
I shall let the reader decide whether such inactions in the face of repeated notifications are more consistent with the government ’s version of events or with its “ tinfoil ” rival .
2 . The Syndicate enjoys a suspiciously - stellar record of identifying and apprehending terrorists
The Syndicate typically knows who the perpetrators of terror are within days and it is astoundingly successful in capturing or killing them .
This impeccable record defies common sense .
To see this , stand aside for a second and think :
If you were depraved enough to contemplate the killing of , say , one American boy , an American restaurant manager , and a Chinese statistician , and if you wanted to injure a couple of hundred Americans and foreigners , could n’t you figure out a way of doing so without getting caught within days ?
Is n’t it a common assumption in crime novels and the very best police departments that months or years are sometimes needed to pinpoint blame ?
Did Sherlock
Holmes ever solve a crime in three days ?
This superlative record is also at odds with the Syndicate ’s apprehension record as a whole :
A . When it comes to identifying the killers of friends of humanity , the bankers invariably fail to notice that a crime has been committed , fail to identify the criminals , or misidentify them .
We shall set aside here the bankers ’ ineffectuality in ever noticing their own , gargantuan , financial crimes ( see , this for example ) , or massive drug laundering operations , and shift our gaze to the deaths of people they deem inconvenient but influential .
To this day , the bankers fall short of explaining the premature deaths of numerous union strikers and ordinary black folk ; influential anti-fascist , one - of - a- kind , Major - General Smedley Butler at age 58 ; enemy of the Federal Reserve ( that is , enemy of the Rothschilds , Rockefellers , and related banking families ) Congressman Charles August Lindbergh Sr. , 65 ; his grandson Charles August Lindbergh Jr. ( “ the crime of the century ” ) , 20 months ; enemy of the Federal Reserve and powerful congressman Louis McFadden , 60 ( the third unsolved attempt on his life finally succeeded ) ; opponent of Iraq ’s neo-colonization Army Ranger and ex-footballer Pat Tillman , 24 ; would - be bankers ’ accuser Deborah Jeane Palfrey , 52 ; “ Dark Alliance ” journalist Gary Webb , 49 ; financial muckraking journalist Mark Pittman , 52 ; former Pentagon Generals and CIA ’s nemesis , journalist Michael Hastings , 33 ; Nick Rockefeller ’s nemesis movie producer Aaron Russo , 64 ; union leader Walter Reuther , 62 ( following at least two unsolved earlier attempts ) ; journalist and would - be senator John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr. , 38 ; anti-poverty and anti-war crusader Martin Luther King , 39 ( following a miraculous survival from at least one other bizarre attempt ) ; peace - loving Senator Paul Wellstone , 58 , peace - loving Folksinger Phil Ochs , 35 ( who survived two unsolved earlier attempts ) ; peace - loving Jamaican singer Bob Marley , 36 – and thousands other unsolved murders of our heroes .
And it ’s not like the death squads ( FBI , CIA , DIA and their dozens of sisters ) were taken by surprise by these deaths .
On the contrary , most or all of these victims had been followed and had a massive death squad file before their untimely death .
B . The bankers dread selfless revolutionaries like Thomas Paine , Che Guevara , or Malcolm X , often forcing them to go underground or seek asylum in a country not yet parasitized .
And although such idealists , in sharp contrast to officially - labeled terrorists , do pose minor threats to the reign of the bankers , and although the bankers are desperately thirsting for their blood , many of these revolutionaries manage to vanish without a trace or escape to a Syndicate - free country .
A recent news story illustrates this point .
Assata Shakur , a member of the Black Liberation Army , is on the bankers ’ most wanted list .
She had been framed in 1973 , sentenced to prison in 1977 , escaped and vanished in 1979 , and managed to reach Cuba in 1984 , where she still lives ( 70 other American fugitives live in that island nation too ) .
Even though the bankers offered to print $ 2,000,000 out of thin air and hand them over to any Judas willing to betray her , Assata “ flaunts her freedom , ” continues her activism , and stirs “ supporters and groups to mobilize against the US by any means necessary . ”
The bankers sizzle and foam at the mouth , and yet have been unable to lay their sticky fingers on her .
C. Third , and most obvious , are ordinary crimes .
They too , in contrast to alleged acts of terror , often go unsolved .
In Boston , it took four days or less to attribute the explosions to a Saudi national , retract this attribution , come up with a new positive identification , then proceed to murder one of the new suspects ( Tamerlan Tsarnaev ) and shoot , slash the throat of , and almost kill , the other ( Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ) .
3 . No getaway plans
A related telltale sign focuses on the terrorists themselves .
Because terrorism is a particularly risky calling , a terrorist would naturally do anything to minimize her chances of getting caught .
Before committing misdirected murders , she would have a getaway plan .
The world is a very big place , and , as we have just seen , it is still possible to vanish without a trace .
She would then hide for a year or two , make sure the coast is clear , change her appearance , start a new life — or plan her next outrage .
We are not talking theory of relativity here , but elementary common sense :
She develops a getaway plan , plants the bombs , and escapes–preferably long before they blow up .
And yet , most official terrorists have yet to figure this out .
The poor schlemiels kill themselves , get caught , and generally do not behave as common sense suggests they should .
In Boston too , the “ terrorists ” did n’t try to vanish until — to their surprise and shock — they realized they were the wanted killers .
In fact , the younger brother , smart enough to receive a scholarship from the University of Massachusetts , was apparently too dumb to cut and run .
On the first three days between the explosions and his capture , he appeared relaxed , worked out , partied , and attended classes .
4 . No disguises
It is common knowledge that criminals and revolutionaries , in an effort to dodge capture and retribution , often assume an identity or appearance radically different from their own .
If you were planning random homicides , would n’t you wish to minimize your chances of being caught , trampled to death , waterboarded , dumped in a solitary cell for years and years , given mind - altering drugs , and forced into degrading subservience ?
Sherlock Holmes , for instance , was a master of disguise .
Even the good Dr. Watson could n’t recognize his cocaine - addicted partner when Holmes creatively relied on deceptive garb , gait , posture , voice , wig , and dyes .
Or , speaking of Boston , did n’t some of the original Tea Party terrorists find it necessary to conceal their identities , long before the age of surveillance cameras , computers , and a cop on every street corner ?
Just in case you think disguises belong to fictional narratives or are relics of the past , let me relate one of many contemporary examples .
As I was writing these lines , I came across a story of a death squad ( CIA in this case ) agent trying to recruit a Russian intelligence officer .
Now , by the strange conventions of our spooky world , this agent , formally an American diplomat in Moscow , only risked humiliation , deportation , and re-assignment , not his career or life .
Yet he was detained with a spy arsenal of wigs and glasses .
By contrast , Gladio - USA “ terrorists ” rarely if ever bother to change their appearance .
We must therefore conclude that all Syndicate - designated terrorists are suicidal , morons–or scapegoats .
In Boston , in particular , the two brothers made no effort to disguise themselves before , during , or after the bombing .
5 . Doctoring the crime scene and evidence
The perpetrators of every single incident of the Gladio - USA Conspiracy control the crime scene and evidence , and are thus in a position to make it fit the Procrustean bed of their fictional narrative .
This point is so straightforward , one example from Boston should suffice .
Tamerlan ’s autopsy was performed by Syndicate agents , thereby permitting the government to come to whichever conclusion suited its interests .
6. Disproportionate quasi-military response to officially - designated terror
Once the bankers ’ marionettes designate a tragedy as a “ terror ” incident , the physical response on the ground is out of proportion to the magnitude of the incident and to the subsequent risks to the public .
Hence , one must surmise that the goal of such overkill is not to protect the public or capture criminals .
The goal , rather , must be to reduce the number of eyewitnesses to what is actually taken place , doctor the crime scene , provide an excuse to undermine the Second Amendment ( which amendment , alongside the internet , is one of the few remaining checks to an immediate fascist take - over ) , get Americans to cower by such awesome displays of raw power , make them forget that no man is an island , inures them to brutality and hooliganism , and force “ the people to turn to the state to ask for greater security . ”
Paul Craig Roberts :
“ That response in Boston , I mean it was absurd to have 10,000 troops and tanks on the streets looking for one 19 year old .
Close down an entire metropolitan area , one of our major cities , because they are looking for one kid ? ”
John Whitehead :
“ For those like myself who have studied emerging police states , the sight of a city placed under martial law — its citizens under house arrest ( officials used the Orwellian phrase ‘ shelter in place ’ to describe the mandatory lockdown ) , military - style helicopters equipped with thermal imaging devices buzzing the skies , tanks and armored vehicles on the streets , and snipers perched on rooftops , while thousands of black - garbed police swarmed the streets and SWAT teams carried out house - to - house searches . . . of two young and seemingly unlikely bombing suspects — leaves us in a growing state of unease .
“ Mind you , these are no longer warning signs of a steadily encroaching police state .
The police state has arrived .
. . .
We have in actuality allowed ourselves to be bridled and turned into slaves at the bidding of a government that cares little for our freedoms or our happiness . ”
7. Denying “ terrorists ” the opportunity to meaningfully defend themselves
In high profile “ terror ” cases ( “ high profile ” not because the crimes stand out but because the Syndicate tagged them as acts of terror and used its media to drive the people into a paroxysm of fear , confusion , and anger ) , there is the conundrum that the televised people still vaguely remember the days when the accused could at times defend himself .
With Gladio- USA , since the accused is typically a fall guy , the Syndicate is stuck with an uncomfortable dilemma of losing face by trampling over vestiges of judicial norms , or risking embarrassment by letting the fall guy tell his side of the story .
The solution : Silence him , so that his version is never heard .
You deprive him of the power of speech ; incarcerate him indefinitely without trial ; torture , humiliate , and drug him ; “ classify ” the trial itself ; deny him a civilian or jury trial–or any trial at all .
If nothing works , you have long ago mastered the techniques of suiciding or killing him .
In short , you deny your patsies the right to defend themselves , and deny the public the right to hear their version of events .
Right from the start , this suggests Syndicate ’ culpability .
If the accused were indeed guilty , would n’t the Syndicate ’s interests be served by letting his testimony refute millions of “ conspiracy theorists ? ”
If the Bin Laden official accounts were not a fairytale , would n’t it be in the Syndicate ’s interests to have him confess or convicted by a jury of his peers instead of supposedly killing him and dumping his corpse at sea ?
By contrast , did n’t the state of Israel give the Adolf Eichmann trial the greatest possible publicity , allowing him to defend himself the best he could ?
When the accused is guilty , the Syndicate has nothing to fear and much to gain from a fair trial .
When the accused is innocent , a fair trial can only cause an unwelcome ( albeit minor ) headache .
Boston fits perfectly into this pattern .
Tamerlan was probably captured alive , needlessly stripped naked , executed — and silenced forever .
The Syndicate ’s stooges tried to kill the unarmed younger brother too , but he miraculously survived .
So according to one death squad ( SWAT ) team member at the scene , Dzhorkhar ’s throat was cut with a knife , leading the Israeli ( just another odd coincidence , to be sure ) chief of the hospital where he was being tortured to the view that Dzhorkahr “ may never speak again . ”
True , a mute person can still defend himself , but clearly not as movingly and well .
( A few weeks later , against all odds , Dzhokahr apparently regained the ability to speak . )
After his capture , this 19 - year - old had
“ endured an unconstitutional 16 - hour interrogation by the FBI ’s crack interrogation team . . . all of it conducted while he was hospitalized in serious condition , sedated and chained to his bed , and despite having his repeated requests for an attorney blatantly denied . ”
Commenting on Tamerlan ’s execution , the attempted murder of her other son , Dzhorkhar , and the subsequent shooting in the back of the head of Tamerlan ’s friend Ibragim Todashev ( even the co-opted ACLU felt compelled to “ monitor the case ” ) , Tamerlan and Dzhorkhar ’s grief - stricken mother asked the question that every American , and certainly every journalist covering the case , should have asked :
“ Now another boy has left this life .
Why are they killing these children without any trial or investigation ? ”
There are other ways of denying innocent people the right to defend themselves .
Thus , the Syndicate had enough money to have 9,000 cops and an undisclosed number of “ rent - a - special forces - soldier people , ” but , the Rockefeller media tell us :
“ Budget Cuts Could Delay ‘ Boston Bomber ’ Trial : Defense lawyers for suspected Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev could be “ severely affected ” by federal budget cuts , resulting in potentially lengthy delays to his eventual trial , said federal court officials . ”
And it ’s not budget cuts across the board , you understand : “ Though both the public defender and U.S. attorney prosecuting the case are federal employees , only the defense lawyers will be subject to furloughs . ”
As far as I can tell , this is not meant as a joke .
If such an outlandish claim had indeed been made , the most likely explanation is this :
They need the delay to make sure — by driving Dzhorkhar crazy or destroying his memory with drugs and torture , by brainwashing him , by threatening incarceration or death of a family member , or by simply suiciding him — that he never gets a chance to tell his version of events .
And what about Dzhorkhar ’s multiple , bizarre , past and future , alleged confessions , you might ask ?
In the unlikely event that such confessions were made , believing them is nothing more than another affirmation of Bertrand Russell ’s aphorism that “ there is no nonsense so arrant that it cannot be made the creed of the vast majority by adequate governmental action . ”
As Arthur Koestler showed in his Darkness at Noon , and as every professional interrogator knows , under no-holds - barred physical and mental torture you can get anyone to admit to anything .
Chase down Evelyn Rothschild with 9,000 heavily - armed brawny yes - sayers , slash his throat , and then subject him to a 16 - hour - interrogation accompanied by mental and physical torture .
In that case , I can assure you , said Rothschild will not only admit to engineering global chaos , millions of deaths , needless hunger for billions of human beings , and environmental cataclysm , but to taking out Mayer Amschel Rothschild , the founder of the dynasty who died long before Evelyn was born ( and whose draconian child - rearing modus operandi , by the way , imprisons his unfortunate descendants to this very day ) .
Dzhorkhar ’s case is still young , but there is every reason to suspect that this teenager — who had already been tried and found guilty in the court of bankers - controlled public opinion — will never get a chance , while still of sound mind and body , to defend himself against his Machiavellian accusers .
8. Presumption of guilt
A basic rule of criminal justice is this :
You are presumed innocent until guilty .
It is common knowledge that all policemen , prosecutors , and judges are fallible , that many are corrupt , and that countless innocents spent decades behind bars .
And yet , when it comes to hyped terror , the corporate politicians and media unanimously and hysterically presume guilt .
In Boston ,
“ The overarching principle here should be that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is entitled to a presumption of innocence until he is actually proven guilty .
As so many cases have proven – from accused ( but exonerated ) anthrax attacker Stephen Hatfill to accused ( but exonerated ) Atlanta Olympic bomber Richard Jewell to dozens if not hundreds of Guantánamo detainees accused of being the “ worst of the worst ” but who were guilty of nothing – people who appear to be guilty based on government accusations and trials - by - media are often completely innocent .
Media - presented evidence is no substitute for due process and an adversarial trial .
9 . Demonizing suspects
The Rockefeller police and media immediately demonize the accused of fake terror , selecting for instance photos that make them look unkempt and uncouth .
Two examples of many would suffice to illustrate this obvious point in Boston .
A . The corporate media ( parroting the police ) first accused the two brothers of being common criminals and robbing a convenience store , only retracting this story at the insistence of the brave ( or naïve ) director of communications of that convenience store chain who actually bothered to examine the surveillance video of the robbery .
B . The police and media were also trying to implicate the two brothers and Todashev in a gruesome and unrelated earlier murder , an extreme example of one of the Rockefellers ’ favorite tactics : Scandal - mongering ( to borrow Upton Sinclair ’s 1919 phrase ) .
10 . Media frenzy
Once an occurrence has been tagged TERROR , it is covered massively , incessantly , and hysterically by the bankers ’ media , totally out of proportion to what actually happened .
This generalization is too obvious to require documentation .
Even in foreign lands , American terror is disgracefully covered as if American lives are of far greater significance than the lives of citizens of those lands themselves .
To convince yourself , following the next act of “ terror , ” turn on your TV ( if you have n’t yet reached the point of trashing it ) , read the headlines of a corporate newspaper as you walk down the street ( but please do n’t buy it ) , or eavesdrop on your neighbor ’s radio in the flat above yours .
Or better still , do n’t expose yourself directly to this rubbish at all : Conversations with ingenuous friends and relatives would be proof enough .
11 . The corporate media misrepresent each and every act of terror , collude in stifling of dissenting voices , and treat official pronouncements as the gospel
This generalization is merely another way of saying that investigative journalism in America is comatose , and that the media are a mere mouthpiece of the Syndicate .
Even though independent historians and economists have documented 1000s of government lies , distortions , and about - faces , and even though each act of “ terror ” is indisputably entangled in a web of deceit and retractions , the media always act as if the latest government say - so must be true .
Indeed , the mass media in America serve as a conveyor belt between the Syndicate and the people , transmitting incessant crass propaganda , lies , half - truths , and distractions .
We do n’t have journalists ( many outstanding internet bloggers excepted ) , only messenger boys .
[ According to a report circulating today in the Kremlin , on April 1 , 2013 the White House averred that on March 31 the sun refused to shine .
As might be expected , this grim report continues , each and every corporate media outpost repeated the message–and over 90 % of the citizens believed them . ]
As we have seen in the second part of this six - part essay , presstitution was already rampant in 1919 .
Sinclair ’s conclusions have been repeatedly documented ( probably before he wrote his book too ) and updated , most notably perhaps by Michael Parenti and Ben Bagdikian .
I too had the misfortune of writing scholarly diatribes on media coverage of the greenhouse effect and the Cold War , and was forced to the same conclusion .
In my research of the Boston explosions , I obtained a few isolated facts from the corporate media .
Almost everything else in the current posting , including considerable amount of indisputable facts and brilliant deductions , and including , specifically , any effort to connect the dots , was derived from alternative sources .
Or take Stella Tremblay , a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives , who claimed that the Federal Government plotted the Boston explosions .
Jim Fetzer quotes Tremblay ’s naïve query to the media :
“ Why are you leaving it to some dumb representative to ask questions , when the reporters should be doing their job ?
Are you that blind that you ’re not willing to ask questions of your government ? ”
Indeed , the media and fellow legislators overwhelming response to this courageous member of the legislature had been the silent treatment .
On the rare occasions she had been mentioned , they “ pilloried and belittled ” her .
Mark Twain solemnly observed ( and his audience thought he was joking ! ) :
“ It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things : freedom of speech , freedom of conscience , and the prudence never to practice either of them . ”
Stella is finding out the costs of imprudence .
By mid-June she sold her house .
By June 19 , 2013 , she “ emailed the entire 424 - member legislature to reiterate her claims and suggested the need for more investigation into the April attacks . ”
By June 20 , she resigned .
The worst , I fear , is yet to come .
12 . Silencing witnesses
It is inevitable in cases of fake terror that some people — in addition to the patsies themselves — must be silenced .
After all , most MI6 , or Mossad , or FBI , agents operate under the misguided notion that what they are doing is for the common good .
When such people discover they have been had , they face a grim choice : remain silent and be granted a temporary or permanent stay of execution , or tell the truth , have that truth be effectively blocked by the Syndicate ’s media , and be executed .
It is to the great credit of humanity that quite a few people prefer to sacrifice their lives for truth , freedom , justice , peace , decency , and humanity ’s long - term survival .
As a result , most Gladio - USA incidents are accompanied by injuries to and untimely deaths of insiders and witnesses .
So far in the 2 - month - old Boston case , the number of such tragedies is modest :
A. On May 22 , 2013 , in Orlando , FL , police were interrogating an acquaintance of Tamerlan , Ibragim Todashev , and — executed him .
He told a friend that they were going to kill him , but even this unarmed man did not foresee that he was going to be “ shot SEVEN times during questioning — including once in the back of the head . ”
Todashev ’s probable crime ?
“ He did not believe the Tsarnaevs did this .
He said they had been set up .
These were his exact words . ”
At times , it takes a foreigner to see America for what it has become : “ I have questions for the Americans , ” said Zaurbek Sadakhanov , a lawyer who has worked with the Todashev family as well as the family of Mr. Tsarnaev and his brother , Dzhokhar , the other suspect in the Boston bombings :
“ Why was [ Ibragim ] questioned for the third time without a lawyer ?
Why was n’t Ibragim ’s questioning recorded on audio or videotape , seeing as he was being questioned without a lawyer ?
What was the need to shoot Ibragim seven times , when five fully equipped police officers with stun guns were against him . . .
We will never know whether Ibragim Todashev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev were criminals , because the investigation ends with their death .
If that ’s what happens in American democracy , then I am against the export of that democracy to Russia . ”
David Martin provides an excellent update of Todashev ’s assassination .
B . It would be hard to directly silence Tamerlan and Dzhorkhar ’s outspoken mother , given her outraged bereavement and given that the tragedy found her in the Russian Federation , but there are indirect ways of muzzling almost anyone .
It just so happened , you see , that , in May 2013 “ the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev faces a drugs charge in New Jersey . ”
Another coincidence ?
Was she arrested so that Dzhorkhar , reportedly a teenager with a heart of gold , might falsely confess in return for her release ?
Or was the mother the real target , forcing her into a Sophie ’s Choice :
Her daughter ’s life or her son’s ?
C. Three days after the bombing , a university police officer , Sean Collier , was fatally shot .
As in the JFK assassination , Russ Baker argues , it was the
“ killing of a police officer that turbocharged the police pursuit — and that , once the suspect was apprehended , convinced the public quickly that the police had their man .
. . . the shooting of the police officer did not make a lot of sense in the context of the “ main event ” – but nevertheless gave the pursuit a jolt of adrenaline .
Only later would crucial details of the narrative be changed — at a time when few would notice .
. . .
In the case of Officer Collier , if we look carefully , we can see that the script was rewritten after most people stopped paying attention .
Early reports left the impression that Collier had some kind of active interaction with his killers .
D. And this chapter of the official narrative , in this looking - glass world of ours , gets curiouser and curiouser .
One of the first officers to arrive at the scene of Sean Collier ’s mysterious and serviceable murder , Richard Donohue , was himself a cop and a close friend of Collier .
“ A few hours later , he would be critically wounded in the Watertown shootout with the Tsarnaev brothers . ”
Russ Baker comments on this “ coincidence : ” “ What are the odds ?
Of all the law enforcement people who could get shot in Watertown , only Donohue was . ”
“ And then , more … .
We learned later that Donohue was hit not by the Tsarnaevs , but by “ friendly fire .
[ Here we seem to repeat , step by step , the assassination of Pat Tillman ] ” That is , an early witness on the scene of the mysterious shooting of Officer Collier shortly thereafter became himself the victim of a strange shooting — by fellow law enforcement officers . ”
“ Donohue survived and , according to the Boston Globe on May 19 , is saying nothing about that night because he . . . can’t : ”
‘ Officer Richard “ Dic ” Donohue of the MBTA Transit Police remembers almost nothing of the night he was shot during chaotic gunfire on a normally quiet Watertown street , or of the murder of his close friend , MIT police Officer Sean Collier , hours before in Cambridge . ’ ”
E. On May 17 , 2013 , two members of the FBI ’s elite counter - terrorism unit “ fell ” from their helicopter during a training exercise .
The perceptive reader would not be surprised to learn that these two men belonged to the team that “ was involved in the arrest of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . ”
This last episode of falling from an airplane into the sea in turn calls for four brief comments :
I have been involved in similar exercises , and only ever heard of just one such incident involving a single person .
So I can assure you that when professionals are involved , accidents are highly improbable .
A bit of heartfelt advice to surviving members of this counter - terrorism unit : the murder of your two colleagues , if you are lucky , is meant in part to convince you that silence is your best policy .
Even if you say nothing , from the Syndicate ’s point of view , you are a loose and loaded cannon , they have a license to kill , and they might use it one day .
If I were you , I ’d use my training to vanish without a trace .
Better be alive in a remote Amazonian village than fall off a helicopter , is my way of looking at it .
Then , when we finally get the revolution going , be sure to join us :
We badly need people like you .
The CIA — through its Argentine surrogates for example — had been dropping people a “ significant distance ” ( as the FBI put it ) over troubled waters for years .
In the Argentine late 1970s version , the victims were often chained together and stripped naked ( stripping humiliates victims and rewards perverse tendencies of some bankers and their thugs ) .
It remains to be seen whether this was the case with the two dead members of the team .
The number of dead witnesses ( 4 ) already exceeds the number of deaths ( 3 ) in the original Boston explosions .
If most of your friends and relations ( like most of mine ) , dear reader , are indoctrinated conspiracy scoffers , present them with the naked emperor fable , then with this “ mystery of the vanishing Boston Marathon witnesses , ” and inquire of them :
What would Sherlock Holmes ’ first working hypothesis be ?
Better still :
How would an alert TV - free eight - year - old approach this mystery ?
13 . Aftermath of terror incidents : Institutionalized attacks on liberty
With lightning speed , every alleged act of terrorism is followed by coordinated , seemingly pre-planned , attacks — through the bankers - owned police , presidents , legislators at all levels , mayors , and , above all , the media–on the Constitution and everything it stands for , including the right to physically defend oneself from uniformed thugs .
This post - terror treason points to the obvious :
The Constitution is precisely one target of the phony war on terror .
Within hours of the Boston tragedy , for instance , there have been well - publicized calls by public puppets and naïve citizens for more surveillance cameras in our cities , more drones in our skies , and less guns and gunpowder to defend ourselves with against an increasingly corrupt , vicious , arbitrary , and lawless government .
To find a single , wounded , scared , unarmed , plausibly innocent , 19 - year - old kid , the Syndicate declared martial law in an entire city ( actually , they used the lying euphemism , as is always their wont , of a “ lockdown ” ) and , ignoring the 4th amendment of the Constitution , conducted gunpoint house - to - house searches .
14 . Secrecy , secrecy every where and not a drop of transparency
A partial veil of secrecy surrounds each and every act of official terror , leading inexorably to the question :
What are they hiding ?
The most likely answer :
Their complicity in terror .
Here is a Boston sampler :
“ Authorities say the medical examiner has determined the cause of death for the Boston Explosions suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev , but the information will remain private until his remains are released and a death certificate is filed . ”
Two weeks after the execution of Ibragim Todashev in an “ interview , ” the executioners ( FBI ) refused to officially disclose what led to the shooting or if Todashev had a weapon ( as if the FBI conducts interviews with armed men ) and “ have said they will not be releasing any further information on the shooting .
An FBI spokesman in Washington , D.C. , did not respond to requests for comment ” [ from the corporate media ] .
Dave Lindorff recounts his attempts to obtain information about the suspicious private military contractors working the marathon — only to hit a brick wall .
Somebody hired them , but no one anywhere would tell him who and why .
15 . Many “ terror ” attacks are known to be facilitated and planned by the government itself — allegedly in order to trap terrorists
“ There is a well established history of the government using entrapment to facilitate terror plots .
The New York Times reported on several “ lethal terrorist plots ” which were “ facilitated by the F.B.I , whose undercover agents and informers posed as terrorists …
They list the use of dummy missiles , fake C - 4 explosives , disarmed suicide vests , and inert chemical bombs as tools provided to naive suspects in order to fabricate these operations . ”
At the very least , this would suggest that the Syndicate is intimately associated with terror , which , at best , should be viewed with suspicion .
At worst , it would suggest that terror is conceived let loose by the syndicate itself .
In Boston , as of now , there is only indirect evidence of entrapment .
“ Virtually every terror case in the US since 9/11 has had the FBI ’s fingerprints all over it , and the Boston bombings are no exception . ”
If the general analysis provided in this essay is on the mark , a more direct government facilitation of the Boston explosions might eventually emerge .
16 .
In many bankers - designated acts of terror , a parallel military or police “ exercise ” had been planned , closely resembling the act of terror itself
This parallelism is obviously more consistent with a government - sponsored conspiracy than with an anti-government conspiracy .
There are reasons to believe that this applies to the Boston Explosions as well .
“ US security forces were conducting a terrorist drill at precisely the same place and time as the real terror act unfolded .
Security cameras have showed US Security personnel with black backpacks all over the scene earlier , but dispersed just a minute or two before the explosion occurred . ”
An eyewitness reports :
“ At the Athlete ’s Village , there were people on the roof looking down onto the Village at the start .
There were dogs with their handlers going around sniffing for explosives , and we were told on a loud announcement that we should n’t be concerned and that it was just a drill .
And maybe it was just a drill , but I ’ve never seen anything like that — not at any marathon that I ’ve ever been to .
You know , that just concerned me that that ’s the only race that I ’ve seen in my life where they had dogs sniffing for explosions , and that ’s the only place where there had been explosions . ”
Two weeks after the above lines were written , another truly bizarre drill surfaced .
Long before the 2013 Boston marathon , the government was planning for a “ massive police exercise ” to take place on June 8 - 9 , 2013 .
The exercise “ funded by a $ 200,000 Homeland Security grant , ” would have involved a “ terrorist group prepared to hurt vast numbers of people around Boston ” by leaving “ backpacks filled with explosives . ”
“ The basic plot was this : [ the fake terrorists ] . . . would plant hoax devices . ”
“ Months of painstaking planning had gone into the exercise . ”
“ Officials from a dozen agencies had been meeting for months to plan the scenario .
They behaved much like movie producers , recruiting students from Northeastern University and the Boston Police Academy to play the parts of terrorists and witnesses . ”
Conveniently for the Gladio - USA masterminds , in this exercise , very few actual participants if any would know what was actually going on : “ The people who participate in this do n’t know what the scenario is . ”
“ The planned exercise has eerie similarities to the police investigation that led to the capture of the alleged Boston Marathon bombers . ”
“ But two months before the training exercise was to take place , the city was hit with a real terrorist attack executed in a frighteningly similar fashion . ”
( Italics are mine )
All this secrecy , eerie parallelism , rank - and - file ignorance of the larger picture , is perfectly compatible with the Gladio hypothesis — and absolutely , irrevocably , inexplicably irreconcilable with its Muslim terrorist rival .
17 . Shady links between alleged terrorists and government death squads ( e.g. , CIA , FBI , DIA , DHS , TSA , MI6 , Mossad )
In many cases of faked terror ( going at least as far back as the assassinations of J. F Kennedy Sr. and John Lennon , and the near - assassination of Ronald Reagan ( by the son of a close associate of the Bush clan ) , the purported perpetrators are linked to official death squads ( e.g. , FBI , CIA ) .
In Boston , we observe at least three such connections .
A. Until 1999 , Tamerlan and Dzhorkhar ’s uncle was married to the daughter of a high - ranking CIA operations officer ( in fact , her father was , as F. William Engdahl notes , the man who recruited Osama Bin Laden and other extremists , Chechen and otherwise , to undermine the secular , comparatively civilized , government that ruled Afghanistan in the early 1980s .
Moreover , the uncle had worked for companies with ties to Haliburton , and ran an outfit that has all the markings of a CIA front organization .
As well , said uncle lived in the house of that top - level CIA official for one year : even while his “ company was sending aid to Islamic terrorists in Chechnya ( in an effort to destabilize Russia ) , its listed address was in the home of the uncle ’s father - in - law . ”
Engdahl asks :
“ Is it mere “ coincidence ” that the uncle of the two young men accused of the Boston bombings was related in marriage to the CIA figure who advocated using the networks which were later named ‘ Al Qaeda ’ across Central Asia including Chechnya where the Tsarnaev brothers had roots ? ”
B. Tamerlan ’s wife is the “ granddaughter of Richard Warren Russell , Skull and Bones member and entrepreneur in the energy industry . ”
According to Anthony C. Sutton , the Skull and Bones order “ is powerful , unbelievably powerful , ” comprising such “ Old Line American families ” as the Tafts , Sloanes , Harrimans , and the ubiquitous Rockefellers .
Other bloodlines and individuals implicating a fascist ideology and a chokehold on America include William Buckley ( a CIA officer and later a Rockefeller propagandist ) , Nazi collaborator Preston , his sons Jonathan and George H. , grandson George W. Bush , and 2013 Secretary of State John Kerry .
C. According to a major Russian newspaper , Tamerlan might have been a US intelligence asset .
In 2012 , for instance , “ he attended a US - sponsored workshop in the Caucasus , the goal of which was to destabilize the southern regions of Russia . ” Mahdi Darius Nazemroaya observes :
“ All the small details that have come up about him show that he had been interacting with US authorities and that he was suspected of espionage in Russia . ”
18 . Financial backers are ignored
Official versions often ignore the fact that many terror operations require money .
We are always told who the perpetrators are , but hardly anything is ever said about their financial sponsors .
We are thus left with the nagging suspicion that something is being covered up .
In Boston ,
“ also begging an answer is the question of where the two brothers , neither of whom had obvious access to wealth , got the money to spend on fancy clothes or , in the case of Tamerlan ( who with his wife and small daughter , on the basis of his publicly available information , qualified until this year for welfare assistance ) , owned a late model Mercedes - Benz sedan . ”
19 . The Gladio-USA Conspiracy is plagued by contradictions , inconsistencies , lies , retractions , and dubious occurrences
“ Western governments , intelligence agencies and mainstream media have proven to be untrustworthy sources of information on alleged “ terrorist attacks ” or “ foiled terrorist plots . ”
“ Within days of the bombings in Boston , massive contradictions have opened up in the official accounts given by the Obama administration , the FBI and other state agencies as to how this terrorist attack transpired . ”
When it comes to such oddities , there is strength in numbers .
Diehard conspiracy scoffers could perhaps explain away a couple of unsavory episodes , but could they explain away the following A through M alphabet soup ?
A. The Tsarnaev brothers were born in Chechnya and then moved to the USA .
Chechnya , a republic of the Russian Federation , inhabited largely by Muslims .
Chechens , even more than ethnic Russians , suffered unspeakable horrors during Stalin ’s reign .
Also , they had often been discriminated against by the Soviet government and ordinary Russians .
The banking Syndicate feasts on this kind of justified discontent in the same way that leeches in the Kathmandu valley feast on human blood .
As in Afghanistan and elsewhere , as part of Syndicate ’s efforts to destabilize and fragment Russia — perhaps the only significant nuclear challenge to the bankers — and as part of its deliberate program to destabilize the entire world ( including the USA ) , the Syndicate , via its CIA and MI6 death squads , orchestrated and supported a secessionist movement in Chechnya .
As part of this support , the death squads actively created , encouraged , and facilitated acts of terror in Chechnya and in the non-Chechen parts of Russia .
Like Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn before his first visit to the USA , and later , like his tragically - misinformed backing of the Vietnam war , naïve Chechen militants witlessly view the CIA and the USA as their benefactors ; it defies common sense that they would perform acts of terror against America .
Before receiving the official script , blackshirt in good standing Rudy Giuliani , for example , correctly observed that Chechen extremists only wished to terrorize Russia and harbored no animosity toward the U.S. Supporting this , in 2013 , among foreign mercenaries tasked with bringing genocide , chaos , fanaticism , and religious strife to Syria , Gordon Duff notes the presence of “ Chechen mercenaries working with the CIA and Al Qaeda . ”
Similarly , “ Wayne Madsen and other journalists have established that the ‘ Chechen terror groups ’ linked to the elder Tsarnaev brother , by way of his CIA controllers . . . were actually pro-USA terror groups run by the US government against the Russian government . ”
And yet we are asked to believe that two Chechens , including a Chechen who actually attended a CIA - sponsored “ conference ” in Russia , would hate America enough to risk death in order to kill one Chinese woman , one little American boy , and one American restaurant manager , and in order to injure scores of other American and foreign innocents .
All this , moreover , in an international athletic event where the top three prizes , in both the men and women categories , went to Kenyans and Ethiopians .
B . In a masterpiece of detective work , Dave Lindorff put to the test a simple question :
How would the shoulder straps of a backpack filled with nails and explosives look like ?
The answer :
It definitely would not look like Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ’s backpack !
This simple scientific experiment — comparing a backpack with comparable weight of explosives to a photo of Dzhorkhar ’s backpack — allowed Lindorff to conclude that whatever Dzhorkhar “ is carrying , it is clearly not a 30 - lb. , or even a 20 - lb. cylinder . ”
A similar comparison holds for Tamerlan Tsarnaev ’s backpack .
C. Lindorff notes that the backpacks of both brothers appeared gray , but that the damaged backpacks the FBI says belonged to them were black .
D. “ Meanwhile , there were people on the scene near the finish line who were wearing backpacks that were both very dark black and large enough and full - enough looking to be containing a loaded pressure kettle .
These men were observed and photographed wearing baseball caps and shirts bearing the uniquely drawn white skull logo of a Houston , TX - based mercenary - for - hire firm called Craft International Security ( whom no governmental agency will admit to having hired ) . ”
It so happens that this private mercenary firm has “ a close and incestuous relationship to the CIA . ”
The backpacks of these private mercenaries do match perfectly the backpacks the FBI alleges carried the explosives .
E. “ The FBI originally feigned ignorance over the identity of the two Boston bombing suspects , Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , as they appealed to an unwitting public to help them ‘ identify ’ and ‘ find ’ the suspects , but they later retracted this statement , following disclosures that the older brother — and indeed the entire family — were under constant surveillance . ”
F . The FBI also deliberately lied about the circumstances leading to the capture of the suspects .
For example , the FBI falsely accused the two brothers of robbing a convenience store .
And , if this was not enough , the FBI raised the specter of a fierce , armed battle , with these desperados , asserting that they had killed a policeman .
As we have seen , it turned out however that the unfortunate policeman was assassinated by another policeman ( they call it “ friendly ” fire , again playing with our minds and delaying the realization that one cop might be ordered to shoot another ) .
G. “ Contradicting claims by authorities that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ran over his own brother , an eyewitness to the incident said that police ran over Tsarnaev with an SUV and then pumped bullets into him . ”
H . As we have seen , “ US security forces were conducting a terrorist drill at precisely the same place and time as the real terror act unfolded . ”
Naturally , at first the government denied this drill .
I . “ Officials now claim that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was unarmed as he hid in [ a ] boat in Watertown [ a suburb of Boston ] . ”
This new version contradicts ( i ) Boston Police Commissioner ’s account of hour - long firefight with Tsarnaev , ( ii ) a New York Times report that an ‘ M4 rifle had been found ’ on the boat where he was hiding , and the ( iii ) claim that “ Tsarnaev shot himself onboard ” –since he had no gun , he could n’t possibly suffer from a self - inflicted gunshot . ”
And besides , it ’s likely that his throat and vocal cords were slashed by a knife , not by a gun .
J. And then there is the execution of Tamerlan ’s friend , Ibragim Todashev , during his death squad ( FBI ) interrogation ( see above ) .
At first , the squad claimed that Todashev “ went for the agent with a knife while being interrogated in his home . ”
The squad later retracted that statement and conceded that Ibragim was unarmed .
K . Or take the matter of who ’s to blame .
As we have seen , according to the police , the original suspect was a young Saudi national with familial links to al - Qaeda .
The investigation of this suspect was suddenly dropped , after “ the Saudi ambassador held one unscheduled meeting with Barack Obama and another with Secretary of State John Kerry , and after Obama ’s wife visited that mysterious Saudi national in the hospital . ”
That man was deported post - haste for “ terrorist activities . ”
This expulsion makes no sense :
Why deport him so fast , depriving themselves of the light this man might be able to throw on the case ?
Also , we have imported into the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp “ terrorists , ” but now we are exporting a possible suspect before we can even be sure about his connection to the bombings in Boston ?
Could it be that this deportee was the intended sitting duck but that our dictatorial friends from Riyadh had made it clear that the 9/11 Saudi patsies were enough , and that they would no longer abide the Syndicate implicating one more Saudi national in the Syndicate ’s own acts of terror ?
Could it be that the Saudi rulers ’ defiance forced the Syndicate to revise the narrative at the last moment and that the Syndicate settled on the Tsarnaev brothers ( as it turned out , the Tsarnaevs belonged to the same mosque as that Saudi deportee ) ?
If indeed they had to improvise , that would explain the larger - than - usual gaps in the official narrative .
L. We have seen earlier , when discussing the curious cases of dead Officer Collier and injured and amnesic Officer Donohue , that the police lied — and was forced to issue retractions — about the circumstances of Collier ’s death and of Donohue ’s serious injuries .
M. New Hampshire ’s “ State Rep. Stella Tremblay ( R - Auburn ) [ said ] that she knows the federal government was behind the attacks because Jeff Bauman , a bombing victim who helped identify the suspects , was not ‘ screaming in agony ’ after both his legs were blown off . ”
In support of this view , Jim Fetzer ’s put forward evidence suggesting “ that the loss of Bauman ’s legs below the knees appears to have been faked . ”
Following such a trauma , there should have been blood everywhere , but none was observed .
The victim should have been unconscious , but he remained alert throughout .
“ When he is subsequently rushed off in a wheel chair , a prosthesis ( with the extending bone ) falls off and they have to stop and reattach it . ”
Parting Words
This posting no doubt overlooked some telltale signs of contrived terror and misinterpreted or misjudged others .
The take - home point , though , is not factual errors , omissions , and oversights , but the incontestable point that officially - designated terror does conform to a general pattern .
It is this pattern , not its numerous details , which forcefully suggests Syndicate involvement .
Let me put this a bit more strongly .
Our 19 telltale signs , taken together , are open to two , and only two , interpretations .
The first is that we live in a bizarre topsy - turvy world in which rules of evidence and logic no longer apply .
The second is government - sponsored terror .
After reviewing the available evidence of the Boston tragedy , Prof. James Petras writes :
“ The most likely hypothesis is that the FBI facilitated the bombing in order to revive the flagging fortunes of the ‘ war on terror ’ foisted on a war - weary and economically depressed American public . ”
The 19 signs above , I daresay , convert this likelihood into a virtual certainty .
Time and emotional strength do not permit me to show that most of these signs apply to just about any act of terror , at least since 9/11 .
The reader can check for herself by applying the above 19 telltale signs of Gladio - USA to any past incident .
Better still , she can check their usefulness by applying them to the next act of hyped terror .
You may ask :
Will the terror continue ?
My answer :
Will the sun rise tomorrow ?
Will the international bankers steal from you tens of thousands of dollars in the coming years ?
Will the bankers , via their governments and media messenger boys , continue to lie about inflation , unemployment , gold prices , imperial wars budget , casus belli — and everything else ?
Will they go on treating their own soldiers , police , and assassins in line of duty , wounded , or dead , with indifference and contempt ?
Will they continue to call their drug - running operations “ the war on drugs ? ”
Will they continue to call their war on the American middle class and the poor “ free trade agreements ? ”
Will they continue to “ liberate ” countries by killing a significant fraction of their people , handing them over to genocidal maniacs , deliberately raising , forever and ever , the incidence of birth defects and malformations , and setting in motion ethnic and religious strife ?
Will they go on murdering influential American dissidents ?
Will they keep doctoring the past , warping the present , and robbing our grandchildren of their future ?
Of course they will — unless we forcibly remove them from power .
Yes , they will terrorize , parasitize , and suck us dry again , and again , and again .
And , since we , their meek zombified subjects , let them get away with it , they will fire up their terror and agenda — until there is nothing left of freedom , holistic or critical thinking , justice , peace , compassion , spirituality , and common decencies .
And since the blueprints they follow have been provided by Orwell and Hitler , there is every reason to believe that the terror they will visit upon us would persist not only until they enslave us , but long after : Until , in fact , the whipped Pachamama collapses and takes with her humanity and the philistine bankers who now lord over it .
Other postings of “ A Bird ’s Eye View of Contrived Terror : ”
I. Preview
II . Backdrop of Terror
III .
The Gladio Conspiracy
V. History : Read it and Learn
VI .
Forthcoming ( to be posted before July 20 , 2013 ) : Give me Logic or Give me Terror
Author Details Author Details Moti Nissani Dr. Moti Nissani is a jack of most academic trades and professor emeritus , Wayne State University .
By Captain Pyke | January 31 , 2010 - 10:15 pm
If your here reading this article , more than likely your a Star Trek fan and you probably no that we are too .
We love pretty much everything that 's available from our favorite sci- fi series , right down to the funny and sometimes just interesting bloopers that happen on set
This leads us into another edition of the Youtube Video Round - up Star Trek Bloopers edition !!
( que cheesy echo )
We 've scoured youtube for bloopers from every series and even Star Trek XII .
Set back , relax with a Raktajino and enjoy !
Star Trek : TOS Bloopers ( apparently there were lots of door problems in the 60s )
Star Trek : TNG ( and the Next Gen cast gets its mouth washed out with space soap )
More TNG Bloopers
And More TNG Bloopers
Deep Space Nine Bloopers ( the door problems were n't just in the 60s )
Voyager Bloopers ( with a guest spot by Q )
Enterprise Bloopers
( It 's been a long road .... )
And more Enterprise Bloopers ( ... getting from there to here )
And finally we come to the wildly popular Star Trek XI ( with even more lens flares .
I could n't resist . )
FAST FACTS
It ’s natural to enjoy and explore your sexual feelings whatever your sexuality .
You may want to tell people about your sexuality ( ‘ come out ’ to them ) or to keep your feelings private .
If you decide to explore your sexuality through sex , make sure you understand how to prevent HIV , other sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) , and unplanned pregnancy .
Some people use words like ‘ gay ’ , ‘ bi ’ or ‘ queer ’ to help define their sexuality ; others prefer to avoid labels altogether .
Either is fine , it ’s up to you .
You ’re not alone .
There is a lot of support out there to help you understand your sexuality and how to deal with other people ’s reactions to it .
Sexual feelings are an important part of many people ’s lives and can bring a lot of pleasure .
Although these feelings are exciting , they can also be complicated and confusing .
If you 're trying to work out how you feel , what you ’re into , and who you are attracted to , remember that you 're not the only one .
Everyone is different and your feelings and desires are personal to you .
The important thing is that you are comfortable with who you are and how you feel .
What is sexuality ?
Your sexuality or ' sexual orientation ' is a whole package of things that make up how you express yourself sexually .
It includes :
who you are attracted to either romantically or sexually ( your sexual attractions and feelings )
who you have sex with , and what sexual acts you like and choose to take part in ( your sexual behaviour )
how you describe your sexuality , for example gay , lesbian , straight ( your sexual identity ) .
You may find that all aspects of your sexuality match up .
For example you might be a man who is attracted to men , has sex with men and identifies as gay .
Or you may find your sexuality is more complicated .
For example you might be a woman who is attracted to men and identifies as straight , but also sometimes has sex with women .
Your sexuality is personal to you and there is no right or wrong way to feel .
Your gender identity is different to your sexuality .
For example whether you feel you ‘ fit ’ into the category of ‘ girl ’ or ‘ boy ’ growing up , or whether you feel your gender is different to the sex you were assigned at birth .
What if I am confused about my sexuality ?
Do n’t worry .
If you have never had a sexual relationship you may not know who you will be attracted to .
Or you may feel your sexuality has changed over time and you are no longer sure who you desire .
These feelings are very common .
Begin by getting to know yourself and developing the confidence to talk about your feelings .
You could start by talking it over with friends .
Once you begin to understand your sexual desires you might want to explore your sexuality by taking part in a sexual activity .
Only do things you are comfortable with .
Talk to your partner about what you enjoy and listen to what they want .
Try not to feel pressured into acting a certain way or fitting in with other people ’s expectations .
Avoid starting a relationship if it feels uncomfortable , or having sex with a person you ’re not really attracted to .
And remember , there ’s no hurry .
Give yourself time to work out how you feel rather than rushing into anything .
What do all the different labels mean and what if none of them fit me ?
There are lots of words that people use to describe their sexual orientation .
Here are some of the more common ones .
Different ones might be used in your language or in your culture .
Asexual
Not sexually attracted to anyone .
Bisexual ( bi ) Sexually attracted to more than one gender .
Curious ( bicurious )
Not purely heterosexual or homosexual but sometimes curious about or open to sexual activity with the gender they are not normally attracted to .
Heterosexual ( straight )
Sexually attracted to the opposite sex .
Homosexual Sexually attracted to the same sex .
Gay Same as homosexual – often used particularly to describe men who are attracted to other men .
Lesbian Women who are attracted to other women .
Pansexual ( pan ) Sexually attracted to people of any gender or sexual orientation .
Queer
It was used as an insult but now many LGBTQ + people use it as a way to describe any sexuality without needing a specific label .
Questioning Still exploring or unsure about their sexuality .
* LGBTQ + - Lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender , queer / questioning and others
Some people identify strongly with a label like ‘ gay ’ , while others do n’t feel that any of these words fit their sexuality or do n’t want to be labelled at all .
When I come out to people , I do n't like to brand myself a certain orientation .
I want my freedom to learn , to grow , and to experiment .
- Shalini
Sexuality , sexual health , pregnancy and HIV
If you ’re ready to have sex or be sexually intimate with someone , you need to know how to prevent HIV and other sexually transmitted infections ( STIs ) , and unplanned pregnancies .
Condoms are the best way to prevent against both pregnancy and STIs ( including HIV ) .
You can find out more about external ( or male ) condoms ( which go on a penis or sex toy ) or internal ( or female ) condoms ( which go in a vagina or anus ) on our safer sex pages .
Education and information about sex often focuses on vaginal sex between a man and a woman but you might want to explore other forms of sex , such as oral and anal sex .
Remember there are lots of ways to get sexual pleasure beyond penetrative sex , including kissing , touching , stroking , and exploring intimacy .
Whatever sex acts you try and whoever you try them with , you need to trust each other and both give your consent .
Sex will be more enjoyable if you have a shared understanding and you both feel ready and relaxed .
Should I ‘ come out ’ to people ?
It ’s up to you to decide .
The idea of sex might excite you but you might also be confused or ashamed about your feelings , or afraid of other people ’s reactions .
It can be a good idea to take time to discover and enjoy your sexuality before you start talking to other people about it .
When you are ready , you can ‘ come out ’ to people you trust and who care about you .
As well as giving you love and support , they may be able to help you come to terms with your own feelings .
It ’s often better to start with one or two carefully chosen people , then you can decide if you want to tell more people and the best way to do it .
I told my mum which was really hard , she was confused and had a [ hard ] time to begin with , we did n't talk until the next day and my sisters were disgusted with her because we were such a close family , but after she had thought about it she came to terms and we had a heart to heart and now we ’re closer than ever .
- Toby
Some people are open about their sexuality with most people they know and hardly ever keep it a secret .
This can feel liberating and make it easier to meet other people with similar lifestyles .
On the other hand , you do n’t have to be open with everyone .
Many people prefer to only be ‘ out ’ to some people in their lives .
Sadly , in certain parts of the world there are laws or cultural or social rules that make it difficult to be honest about your sexual orientation .
So you should always think carefully about the potential benefits and risks of talking to someone before you say anything .
What if I experience negative reactions , bullying or homophobia ?
Not everyone will react positively when they know about your sexuality .
Some people are uncomfortable with anything that seems different or that they do n’t understand .
Give them time to get used to the idea and to understand you better .
Unfortunately people can be rude or unkind .
If someone tries to intimidate or bully you , you do n't have to cope on your own .
Get help or advice from supportive friends , family , someone in authority ( like a teacher ) or a support organisation .
Discovering your true orientation is not easy , but having the freedom to experiment is a gift .
To anyone I come out to , I 'm willing to give them the time to adjust .
Give them the same freedom .
I would n't trade these feelings for anything else in the world .
The excitement is actually not knowing – just learning is a big thrill and through experimentation you can learn a lot about yourself .
- Shalini
Getting support
Meeting and talking to other people who have had similar experiences can really help when you ’re coming to terms with your sexuality .
You can look for LGBTQ + support groups in your area , call a helpline or join an online support group .
The websites below also have links to support organisations and helpful information .
HELP US HELP OTHERS Avert.org is helping to prevent the spread of HIV and improve sexual health by giving people trusted , up - to date information .
We provide all this for FREE , but it takes time and money to keep Avert.org going .
Can you support us and protect our future ?
Every contribution helps , no matter how small .
PLEASE DONATE NOW
Photo credit : ©iStock.com/DusanManic
By Stephen Robb
BBC News
It 's 50 years since Alfred Hitchcock 's Psycho was unleashed on a soon - to - be- terrified world .
Even if you 've never seen the film you 've probably been exposed to its extensive influence .
Alfred Hitchcock had made his name as the " master of suspense " with brilliant , glossy thrillers like Rear Window and North by Northwest , but Psycho was altogether different - the like of which most cinema - goers had never seen .
With its shocking bursts of violence and provocative sexual explicitness , Psycho tested the strict censorship boundaries of the day as well as audiences ' mettle - and it gave Hitchcock the biggest hit of his career .
Awakened to the box office potential of violence and sex , mainstream filmmakers followed suit .
Here is how Psycho changed cinema : GRAPHIC VIOLENCE
The 45 - second shower murder in Psycho is possibly the most famous scene in cinema history .
David Thomson , author of The Moment of Psycho : How Alfred Hitchcock Taught America to Love Murder , has said it still ranks " legitimately among the most violent scenes ever shot for an American film " .
According to the book Story of the Scene , by Roger Clarke , it " changed cinema forever " .
For the film 's first three - quarters of an hour the audience has followed Janet Leigh 's Marion Crane , building engagement with the film 's supposed central character .
Then in an electrifyingly brutal scene , as Marion readies herself for bed with a shower in the decrepit Bates Motel , she is hacked to death by a barely - glimpsed old woman .
THE SHOWER SCENE
Most of the film was shot quickly with a crew from television , but the 70 - plus shots for this 45 - second scene took a week to film
To get the scene past the censors Hitchcock claimed the knife never touched the victim , but studies have since suggested it does Chocolate sauce was used for blood , and the hand holding the knife in some shots is Hitchcock 's Janet Leigh said she avoided taking showers for the rest of her life after filming Psycho Source : Story of the Scene by Roger Clarke " They [ audiences ] had never seen anything quite like it before - the total shock of killing off a lead character a third of the way in , and just the complete feeling of disorientation , " says Michael Brooke , Screenonline curator at the British Film Institute .
Psycho was filmed in black and white - unusual for Hitchcock by that stage of his career - partly to cut costs , but also to manage the graphicness of this scene .
Hitchcock knew he would not get shots of red blood splattering the wall and floor past the censors of the time .
" The shower scene in colour in 1960 would have just been unshowable , " says Mr Brooke .
Psycho " opened the floodgates " for screen violence , says Mr Brooke , paving the way for the slow - motion bloodshed of Bonnie and Clyde and The Wild Bunch in the late 60s , up to today 's torture porn of Hostel and the Saw films .
Though " watching the film , you think it 's a lot more graphically violent than it actually is " .
It is a mark of the shift in levels of violence in cinema that Psycho , given an adults - only " X " certificate in the UK in 1960 , now carries a relatively tame " 15 " rating .
Psycho's influence on 50 years of cinema Genre Bonnie & Clyde ( 1967 ) Jaws ( 1975 ) Halloween ( 1978 ) Fatal Attraction ( 1987 ) Scream ( 1996 ) Violence Sex ' Slasher ' film Killer / villain 's point of view Humour Use of music SYMPATHY FOR THE KILLER Arguably the film 's most appealing character is Norman Bates , played by Anthony Perkins , the awkward , softly - spoken young man resignedly running the declining family motel and caring for his abusive , invalid mother .
After Leigh 's slaughter , the film switches to Bates ' point of view and the audience is invited to sympathise with his agonising dilemma over concealing his mother 's horrific crime .
" There is that scene just after the shower murder when the car is sinking into the swamp and it pauses momentarily , " says Mr Brooke , " and in a weird kind of way you almost want it to carry on sinking .
You do n't want him to be discovered even though he is covering up this hideous murder . "
Mummy 's boy - Bates ' character was meant to draw viewers ' sympathy
The effect was to toy with audiences ' sympathies in a way mainstream thrillers had n't done before .
Psycho is considered the first modern horror film and credited with launching the " slasher " sub - genre .
But Paul Duncan , author of The Pocket Essential Alfred Hitchcock , argues its greatest legacy is the shifting point of view that became a common device of the slashers .
Most of Hitchcock 's peers worked in the " third person " , positioning their camera as a detached , neutral observer of the film 's events , says Mr Duncan , whereas Hitchcock 's " first person " camera allied his audience inescapably to key characters .
" That , I think , is probably the most copied aspect of Hitchcock 's movies , " he says .
John Carpenter 's 1978 film Halloween , whose considerable debt to Psycho is emphasised by the presence of Leigh 's daughter Jamie Lee Curtis in the lead role , is a " very good example of point of view camera being used brilliantly " , he adds .
Do n't give away the ending - it 's the only one we have !
Psycho promotional slogan
Having switched the film 's point of view to Norman , Hitchcock has manoeuvred his audience exactly where he wants them for the film 's shattering , shock twist .
" With all the information you are given you believe him to be innocent , and you identify with his crisis , " says Mr Duncan .
SEXUAL EXPLICITNESS
The film opens on the skyline of Phoenix , Arizona , on a hot December day , the camera panning lazily across the rooftops before casually zooming in through a window to a hotel room where - unmistakably - an underwear - clad Leigh and shirtless John Gavin have made love moments earlier .
RELEASE OF PSYCHO
To keep secret the film 's final twist , Psycho was not screened for critics or cinema - owners before release Unusually for the time , cast and crew had been made to sign non-disclosure agreements preventing them speaking about the film No-one was allowed into the cinema once the film had started - enforced by uniformed guards , this was an extraordinary measure in an era when people were used to coming and going during theatres ' continuous programmes
These first moments are almost a statement of intent from Hitchcock .
" He was quite deliberately testing the waters as far as the censors were concerned with the film , " says Mr Brooke .
" It took what had previously been only suggestive sexual undercurrents and made them absolutely upfront . "
At that time most US studio films were constrained by the puritanical Production Code , which dated from the 1930s and restricted depictions of sex , drug use , drinking , offensive language and anything else that could " lower the moral standards of those who see it " .
When he was unable to secure financing for Psycho from studios fearful of the film 's potential for controversy , prompting him to put up 60 % of a scaled - down budget of less than $ 1 m himself , the director found himself with an opportunity to work outside the restrictions of the studio system and deliver an exploitation film Hitchcock - style .
The overt sexuality of the film 's sightings of Leigh in her underwear , the shocking violence - even a shot of a flushing toilet - were radical in commercial cinema at the time .
And while there had usually been varying amounts of humour in Hitchcock 's films , it had never before been combined with such dark , violent material as in Psycho .
Today , that pioneering blend of shocks and laughs is notably evident in the films of Quentin Tarantino .
USE OF MUSIC
The violins wailing away during Psycho 's shower murder scene have achieved the status of cultural shorthand - denoting imminent violent insanity .
Their importance to the impact of that terrifying scene is emphasised by the fact that at pre-release screenings of a cut of the film before the music was added , many viewers reacted with mild indifference .
" It was only with the second version , with the music added , that people just leapt out of their seats - especially when the shrieking violins started , " says Mr Brooke .
The most memorable part of Bernard Herrmann 's score has now been imitated to the point of being " one of the all - time aural cliches " , he adds .
The great director - Hitchcock put much of his own money into the film
But the entire soundtrack is integral to the mood of the film , from the blast of strings over the opening credits onwards , says Mr Brooke .
Its influence can particularly be seen in films that use music to evoke a sense of menace and heighten sudden shocks , such as Jaws .
This is not the only way in which Steven Spielberg 's 1975 blockbuster , in turn massively influential itself , bears the influence of Psycho , says Mr Brooke .
" When they made Jaws , one of the stated aims was they wanted to make America 's beaches as empty as American motel showers were when Psycho came out . "
Psycho is re-released in the UK on 2 April .
A season of films - entitled Psycho : A Classic in Context - runs at the BFI Southbank , central London , throughout April .
Below is a selection of your comments
In 1961 I was an usher at the Paramont Theater in Salem , MA and my job was to hold the crowd back for the last 15 minutes of the movie " Psycho " and we could not tell them anything about the ending .
Paul Duggan , Salem , Massachusetts
While I have to say Psycho is a true cinema classic and really stands the test of time , I have to mention Michael Powell 's Peeping Tom , released in May 1960 , it dealt with all the subjects detailed in the article on Psycho , only in more detail and more substance , from the scene in a seedy room with soft porn models , one of whom can only be photographed from one side because of a terrible scar on one side of her face , to the actual " psycho " of the piece filming his victims as they die a horrible death .
In all honesty the film is a much better affair then Psycho , poor Michael Powell who was an innovative and brilliant film maker was ruined by this picture as the critics and censors did everything but publicly flog him because of it , a short three months later Psycho is released to great public acclaim and is now hailed as a classic of the genre .
Before you watch Psycho again , and lets face it most people have seen it at least once , try a viewing of Peeping Tom , you might be pleasantly surprised , and both directors were English , makes you wonder where they get their ideas from .
The Wolfman , London I had the pleasure of viewing Psycho when I was teenager .
Personal terror ensued .
Could n't take a shower for months afterward .
To this day I am affected by Hitchcock 's work .
I have clear shower glass .
Candi Johnston , Hayden Lake , Idaho USA
I 'll never forget the first time I saw this film in the cinema in the late 60's as a teenager with a group of friends at the Ionic cinema , Golders Green in London , sadly now a Sainsbury 's supermarket !
Psycho was a truly terrifying experience at the time , claustrophobic and spooky .
You knew you were about to see something scary but nothing prepared you for the impact of the shower scene and the ending .
It 's a wonderful and unforgettable feeling when around 750 people all scream at the same time .
Good for the heart or a heart attack , you decide !
Roger Bull , London England Psycho will forever be a classic .
And I definitely think people can still get a shock and enjoy it today .
I am only 20 , yet I am a huge Hitchcock fan and this is definitely one of his best .
Every horror film after this owes him a great debt .
Hana Wilson , Liverpool I was 10 when Psycho was released .
I still think about the shower scene whenever I shower .
Jaws use of music was also masterful .
I have a niece who plugs her ears every time anyone hums the " shark music " .
I did n't pick up on how sexy Psycho was until I became an adult .
Hitchcock was a genius .
Psycho pushed every envelope and started a revolution in cinema .
I , however , cannot watch the current slasher movies .
The violence is too graphic .
I prefer the style of the masters .
Cheryl Seelbach , Columbus , OH
The composer Bernard Herrmann said that Hitchcock originally did n't want any music in Psycho at all .
Herrmann had a score in mind , and so he invited Hitch to a viewing of the shower scene .
First they ran it silent ; then they ran it with Herrmann 's score - after which Hitchcock was sold !
Robert Day , Coventry , UK Pyscho is an incredibly tame film .
It does not shock , and looks rather tame now .
Far more grounding - breaking and worthy of these accolades is the " Exorcist " .
Maxwell Allen , London
What a fantastic film !
Although not as gruesome or violent as most of the horror films we see today it still hits you in all the right places and leaves you wanting more .
Most the horror films I have seen lately leave me wanting the door !
Alison Murray , Bedfordshire Seeing the film for the first time many years ago , I found the most frightening scene to be the slow close - up on Martin Balsam ( the investigator ) as he talks in the telephone booth .
This was pure suspense - you quite simply did n't know what was going to happen .
Would Balsam survive the call ?
Was anyone going to leap out and attack him ?
Trying to anticipate the violence was for me nerve - racking .
This demonstrated to me the skill of Hitchcock .
Paul T Horgan , Bracknell , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scott Draves sez , " The Electric Sheep makes art
collaboratively with 60,000 computers and people all over the
internet .
It 's based on a free screensaver that anyone can download
and run .
As it runs you may vote on designs you like , and the
favorites survive to reproduce with a family resemblance , hence the
flock evolves to please its human audience .
It also supports
Intelligent Design : you can use a genetic editor to create your own
sheep and upload them into the gene - pool .
All the sheep are CC
licensed and may be remixed or remade into your own work .
I use the free screensaver as a design laboratory and supercomputer to
realize higher quality works such as all - over print t- shirts , limited
edition c-prints , and
high - resolution videos ( like the one recently commissioned
for the new Gates Center for Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon
University , and the sample from
our Blu Ray ) .
Our
objective is to make this artificial life - form self - sustaining , so the
revenue generated by these pieces funds the operation of and
improvements to the open source screensaver .
For example ,
In the past 6 months the Electric Sheep have been totally
remade .
We have a new server ( including support from archive.org ) and
the client has been rewritten .
The whole setup is 10 x better than it
used to be : the visual / genetic language is more expressive , the sheep
have double the resolution and a better codec ( x264 ) , display is
totally smooth , and download works for everyone .
More information can be found on the Wikipedia and
in my bio .
High Fidelity Demo Excerpt ( 2009 )
( Thanks , Scott ! )
As they queue to fill water jugs from a rusty communal tap , the women of Njoro can't help but gawk at the odd scene across the road .
In a wheat field ringed by barbed wire , a dozen men wearing white polyethylene jumpsuits stand in a tight huddle , eyes fixed on the green - and - amber stalks that graze their knees .
They chat in foreign tongues — Urdu , Farsi , Chinese — that are rarely heard here amid the acacia trees and donkey carts of Kenya 's Rift Valley .
The men's hazmat - style safety gear suggests they might be hunting down one of the infamous viruses that flourish in this part of the world — Ebola , perhaps , or Marburg .
Then the leader of the huddle , Harbans Bariana , a rotund Australian in an undersize safari hat , begins reading aloud from his clipboard : " Wylah ? " he asks .
His colleagues bend down to examine some flaccid plants flecked with red splotches .
A lanky Pakistani with a salt - and - pepper beard rakes a finger along one of the mottled stalks ; an iodine - like residue rubs off on his skin .
" 40 S , " he calls out .
The men move three steps right to a slightly more robust clump of wheat .
The Australian asks : " Yandanooka ? "
" 25 MR ? " comes the tentative reply from a mustachioed Nepali in a green baseball cap .
They slide over to inspect another stalk , and then another .
To the women at the tap , faces scrunched in puzzlement , the call - and - response sounds like gibberish — and to most of the world , it is .
But to the jumpsuited strangers in East Africa — a group of elite plant pathologists — these codenames and numbers are a lingua franca , describing just how badly a crop has been ravaged by disease .
These specialists have come to Njoro on this autumn afternoon to study a scourge that is destroying acres of Kenyan fields .
The enemy is Ug99 , a fungus that causes stem rust , a calamitous disease of wheat .
Its spores alight on a wheat leaf , then work their way into the flesh of the plant and hijack its metabolism , siphoning off nutrients that would otherwise fatten the grains .
The pathogen makes its presence known to humans through crimson pustules on the plant 's stems and leaves .
When those pustules burst , millions of spores flare out in search of fresh hosts .
The ravaged plant then withers and dies , its grains shriveled into useless pebbles .
Stem rust is the polio of agriculture , a plague that was brought under control nearly half a century ago as part of the celebrated Green Revolution .
After years of trial and error , scientists managed to breed wheat that contained genes capable of repelling the assaults of Puccinia graminis , the formal name of the fungus .
But now it 's clear :
The triumph did n't last .
While languishing in the Ugandan highlands , a small population of P. graminis evolved the means to overcome mankind 's most ingenious genetic defenses .
This distinct new race of P. graminis , dubbed Ug99 after its country of origin ( Uganda ) and year of christening ( 1999 ) , is storming east , working its way through Africa and the Middle East and threatening India and China .
More than a billion lives are at stake .
" It 's an absolute game - changer , " says Brian Steffenson , a cereal - disease expert at the University of Minnesota who travels to Njoro regularly to observe the enemy in the wild .
" The pathogen takes out pretty much everything we have . "
Indeed , 90 percent of the world 's wheat has little or no protection against the Ug99 race of P. graminis .
If nothing is done to slow the pathogen , famines could soon become the norm — from the Red Sea to the Mongolian steppe — as Ug99 annihilates a crop that provides a third of our calories .
China and India , the world 's biggest wheat consumers , will once again face the threat of mass starvation , especially among their rural poor .
The situation will be particularly grim in Pakistan and Afghanistan , two nations that rely heavily on wheat for sustenance and are in no position to bear added woe .
Their fragile governments may not be able to survive the onslaught of Ug99 and its attendant turmoil .
The pathogen has already been detected in Iran and may now be headed for South Asia 's most important breadbasket , the Punjab , which nourishes hundreds of millions of Indians and Pakistanis .
What 's more , Ug99 could easily make the transoceanic leap to the United States .
All it would take is for a single spore , barely bigger than a red blood cell , to latch onto the shirt of an oblivious traveler .
The toll from that would be ruinous ; the US Department of Agriculture estimates that more than 40 million acres of wheat would be at serious risk if Ug99 came to these shores , where the grain is the third most valuable crop , trailing only corn and soybeans .
The economic loss might easily exceed $ 10 billion ; a simple loaf of bread could become a luxury .
" If this stuff gets into the Western Hemisphere , " Steffenson says , " God help us . "
He and his fellow scientists around the world are scrambling to halt the pathogen .
To do so , they must figure out a way to reach deep within the wheat genome and create genetic barriers that Ug99 cannot overcome .
And they must do so quickly , before the pestilence moves on to the next continent , and then the one after that — wreaking havoc on the world 's food supply .
Deadly
Migration
Since it was discovered a dozen years ago , Ug99 has steadily crept north and east out of Uganda .
Wind patterns could soon carry it to the Punjab region on the border of India and Pakistan — one of Asia 's most crucial breadbaskets .
In the next few years , the pathogen could also travel through Iran to Afghanistan , as well as into Turkey .
— B.I.K .
Map : Emily Dubin
William Wagoire loves wheat .
" Wheat is what made me what I am , " he says as he strolls through the Njoro plot of grain .
For Wagoire , an agricultural researcher from neighboring Uganda , this field is a sort of heaven .
It is where the world 's top wheat breeders send thousands of their most promising plants , genetically souped - up varieties with an array of curious nicknames : Babax , Kingbird , Pastor , Khvaki , Circus , Milan .
The breeders hope that one of these wheats will someday prove to be the One — the variety capable of withstanding Ug99 .
Every few yards , Wagoire passes a white sign staked neatly into the ground , indicating a row 's country of origin : Iraq , Iran , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Nepal , Australia .
Wagoire , 55 , was once a wheat breeder of some renown , having studied at the University of Cambridge and apprenticed under the late Norman Borlaug , a Nobel - laureate agronomist who revolutionized modern farming .
But even though he has n't worked full - time on wheat for years , Wagoire will forever have a place in cereal lore as the man who discovered the Ug99 race of P. graminis .
Wagoire earned that distinction several millennia after mankind 's first run-in with stem rust .
Wheat fragments bearing traces of P. graminis have been found at a Bronze Age archaeological site in Israel .
And the Romans worshipped a minor god named Robigus , who had the power to stave off rust .
Every April 25 , as part of a festival called Robigalia , they would curry favor with the deity by sacrificing red-haired dogs .
P. graminis proved to be a prolific killer throughout the ensuing centuries , regularly tormenting both Old World and New .
Certain death by starvation awaited European peasants whose crops were struck , while Mesoamerican Indians learned to fear the plague they called chahuistle .
And the first English settlers in Massachusetts were aghast when rust wiped out their cereal crops in the 17th century , almost causing them to starve .
Photo : University of Minnesota
In the US , stem rust was the bane of the Great Plains , which endured frequent epidemics throughout the 19th and early 20th centuries .
One of the most disastrous episodes occurred in the middle of World War I , when P. graminis obliterated 200 million bushels of wheat — one - third of the nation 's annual consumption .
Countless Midwestern families scrambled to survive on nutrient - poor corn mush .
" There is and has been for the last six months very wide and extended suffering upon the part of the poor people of this country for want of food , " an Idaho senator declared in the spring of 1917 , as the crisis reached its peak .
Soon after , the spooked federal government ordered the eradication of barberry , the plant upon which P. graminis rests and reproduces when wheat is scarce .
The epidemics abated , but they did n't stop :
A two - year outbreak in the mid-1950s , for example , caused $ 3 billion worth of damage to the Great Plains ' crops .
In the early 1940s , after the onset of World War II made it impossible to conduct philanthropic works in either Europe or China , the Rockefeller Foundation turned its attention to Mexico , where destitute campesinos suffered from chronic malnutrition .
The foundation dispatched 30 - year - old agronomist Norman Borlaug to Mexico in 1944 to lead a project aimed at ending the nation 's hunger .
When Borlaug first arrived south of the border , Mexico was reeling from a three - year bout with stem rust , which had cut wheat production in half .
Borlaug resolved to breed a variety of wheat that P. graminis could not kill .
Thus began the Green Revolution , the lifesaving agricultural movement that would earn him the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970 .
There was no high tech trick to Borlaug 's work , just countless hours of experimentation that he would later describe as " mind - warpingly tedious . "
The Iowa native collected cereals from around the world , bred them with one another , and then took copious notes on the physical characteristics of the resulting crosses that fared well in Mexico 's fields .
After many years of selecting and refining the top performers , he identified several genes capable of frustrating P. graminis .
The most impressive was dubbed Stem Rust 31 , or Sr31 , a gene that several of Borlaug 's colleagues had bred into wheat from a rye chromosome .
Not only did Sr31 successfully fend off the pathogen , it also vastly improved grain yields .
Farmers clambered to plant wheat that bore Sr31 , which quickly became the world 's predominant rust - prevention gene .
Developing nations in particular adopted the seeds , which they obtained from Borlaug 's International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center , or Cimmyt ( pronounced " SIM - it " ) .
The creation of rust - resistant wheat was one of the cornerstone achievements of Borlaug 's Green Revolution , which produced multiple disease - proof , high - yielding crops capable of feeding once - hungry populations .
By 1970 , stem rust was no longer a threat to nations that relied on wheat as a dietary mainstay .
It is impossible to calculate how many lives Sr31 and other disease - resistance genes saved , but hundreds of millions would be a fair guess .
Finally able to feed their burgeoning populations , developing countries like India were able to grow and prosper beyond all expectations .
Two generations of farmers and agronomists came of age never having witnessed a stem - rust infection in the wild , and P. graminis largely ceased to be of interest to anyone except Cold Warriors :
The US and Soviet militaries spent years trying to weaponize the pathogen .
( America developed a cluster bomb containing turkey feathers smeared with spores ; the stockpile was eventually destroyed after President Nixon renounced the use of offensive bioweapons . )
Stem rust thus beaten back , Wagoire was understandably amazed when he inspected the open- air fields at Uganda 's Kalengyere Highland Crop Research Centre in November 1998 .
As one of Borlaug 's many disciples , Wagoire had spent part of 1998 at Cimmyt headquarters in Mexico , breeding wheat designed to resist yellow rust , a comparatively mild disease caused by the Puccinia striiformis fungus .
When he returned to southwest Uganda , he planted his lines on a hillside at Kalengyere , where yellow rust ran rampant .
But while conducting a routine check of his maturing plants , Wagoire received a nasty surprise .
Instead of being dusted with the jaundiced streaks indicative of yellow rust , the crop was pocked with scaly crimson pustules : stem rust .
Wagoire thought he had been careful to breed wheat that carried the Sr31 gene , but now he was n't so sure .
Had the Ugandan veteran somehow made a rookie mistake ?
He fired off an anxious email to Ravi Singh , chief wheat breeder at Cimmyt .
" I said , ' Look , I think maybe I selected the wrong materials .
All this stuff , it has all fallen down from stem rust , ' " he recalls .
Singh was n't buying it .
There was just no way a breeder as accomplished as Wagoire had failed to breed Sr31 into his lines .
The likelier scenario was that the Ugandan had mistakenly written " stem rust " when he meant " stripe rust " ( a synonym for yellow rust ) .
But a second pass through the Kalengyere fields only confirmed that the pustules were the unmistakable handiwork of P. graminis .
Wagoire realized there was just one logical conclusion :
A new race of the stem - rust pathogen had somehow evolved undetected in a secluded region of Uganda , and it was capable of defeating the formerly invincible Sr31 gene .
Still , Cimmyt wanted a second opinion before sounding the alarm that Sr31 had been breached .
The organization contacted Zak Pretorius , a plant pathologist at the University of the Free State in Bloemfontein , South Africa , and asked him to analyze a live sample of the pathogen .
Pretorius agreed , even though doing so would place him in legal jeopardy — importing P. graminis spores into South Africa was strictly forbidden .
" It was wrong for me to receive the samples , " he admits , " but I decided to test them anyway . "
Virulent pests have attacked our crops before
__Potato ( 1845 -1849 ) __Disease Water mold ( Phytophthora infestans )
Impact
The pathogen obliterates Ireland 's mainstay crop , leading to a million famine - related deaths and mass emigration .
Response
It takes 36 years , but scientists develop a mold - killing chemical mixture .
__Grape ( 1860 -1900 ) __Disease Grape phylloxera ( Daktulosphaira vitifoliae )
Impact Bugs infest a third of France 's grapes and ravage the vineyards in Germany and Italy .
Response French vines are grafted onto aphid - resistant root stock from the US , saving the European wine industry .
__Corn ( 1970 ) __Disease Southern corn leaf blight ( Helminthosporium maydis )
Impact Some 710 million bushels of corn are lost after a mutated fungus rips through stalks from Iowa to Maine .
Response Imported seeds and rigorous crop screening quell the outbreak .
__Cassava ( 1989 - 1997 ) __Disease Cassava mosaic virus
Impact
The virus decimates Uganda 's cassava crop , which provides up to half the caloric intake in the war - torn country .
Response
By 1992 , plant geneticists succeed in breeding a disease - resistant variety .
To get the illicit sample to Pretorius in early 1999 , Wagoire used a method that in retrospect seems slightly reckless :
He clipped a few infected stalks , sealed them in a plain white envelope , and dropped it off for DHL delivery .
Most of the spores died en route to Bloemfontein , but Pretorius was able to scrape together just enough to carry out his verification .
He sprayed the surviving spores on several Sr31 wheats .
Sure enough , those plants were quickly plastered with red — P. graminis had evolved , and it could now overcome Sr31 with astonishing ease .
Uganda 's tabloid press jumped on the story .
Kampala newspapers manipulated the facts to demonize Wagoire , making it appear as though he had somehow synthesized Ug99 in a lab .
Accustomed to hearing tales of how Western scientists had invented HIV , the Ugandan public was all too willing to swallow the sci - fi narrative .
" The local politicians and the general populace , they do not know about the evolution of diseases , " Wagoire says .
" All they know is that research scientists work in laboratories and that diseases are in laboratories .
So in this case , the story was ' Wagoire has created a disease which is going to wipe out all the wheat in the world ! '
That was a very trying time for me . "
Uganda 's government shuttered its wheat research program soon after , and Wagoire moved on to an administrative post .
( Wagoire maintains that the program was dropped purely for economic reasons . )
Beyond Uganda 's borders , however , the discovery was mostly greeted with a collective shrug .
" We do not anticipate that the newly discovered virulence to Sr31 poses an important threat to wheat production in the US , " the USDA announced in April 1999 , pointing out that several other effective resistance genes — notably Sr24 and Sr36 — were present in much of the nation 's wheat .
Besides , the pathogen had been detected only in an isolated corner of Uganda , near the Rwandan border .
The odds of its spreading to neighboring countries , to say nothing of beyond East Africa , seemed slim .
But those who dismissed Ug99 as a mere anomaly would soon be proven dreadfully wrong .
A quarter mile from the state fairgrounds in St. Paul , where 1.8 million Minnesotans gather each summer to inhale corn dogs and ride the Zipper , there 's a one - story brick structure that could easily be mistaken for a post office .
But no dead letters are stored within this building 's vault — only live pathogens .
This is the USDA 's Cereal Disease Laboratory , where 30,000 enemies of wheat , barley , and oats are held captive so their malevolent secrets can be learned .
And among these pathogens are numerous samples of Ug99 , sent here from nations already infiltrated by the new strain of P. graminis .
The CDL is one of only two labs in the world legally permitted to analyze live P. graminis spores imported from abroad .
The critical work of dealing with live cultures takes place for three months each year , December through February .
Should any particles of P. graminis escape , the theory goes , they will find no wheat in Minnesota 's frozen fields to infect and will thus perish before causing any lasting damage .
( The other lab that handles live stem - rust spores is in similarly frigid Winnipeg , Manitoba , for precisely the same reason . )
After the winter session , the CDL puts its Ug99 in suspended animation , so the pathogen can be reanalyzed for years to come .
For the other P. graminis samples , many of which date back to the 1950s , this is done by placing vials of spores together in vats filled with liquid nitrogen .
But Ug99 is accorded special treatment :
Its spores are sealed in a dedicated freezer set to - 112 degrees Fahrenheit .
Solitary confinement is necessary to prevent a careless researcher from unleashing the enemy .
" We would n't want someone to mistakenly grab the wrong tube out of the liquid nitrogen , " says Les Szabo , a research geneticist at the CDL .
A gangly man with a calm yet serious demeanor , Szabo is the world 's leading P. graminis guru , having dedicated 22 years to studying what makes the pathogen tick .
Prior to the emergence of Ug99 , when stem rust was considered a relic , Szabo labored in obscurity — to specialize in P. graminis in the latter part of the 20th century was akin to being a Sovietologist after the fall of the Berlin Wall .
But Szabo has suddenly found his esoteric expertise much in demand , turning him into something of an ag - science rock star .
Szabo did n't grow up with farming in his blood .
He was raised in the Seattle area , where his father was a Boeing engineer , his mother a biochemist .
But for reasons he can't quite pinpoint , Szabo has always been fascinated by the ways in which parasites bend hosts to their will .
In 1988 , when the USDA posted a seemingly undesirable job studying P. graminis , Szabo leapt at the opportunity to work in what he cheerfully terms " the backwater of science . "
" One of the cool things about rust is its really intricate development process , " says Szabo , who comes alive when describing P. graminis ' craftiness .
" It does n't use the slash - and - burn approach , where you just kill tissue and live off that .
It establishes itself and coexists with the host , then causes its damage .
That balance , that ability to take over but coexist — it 's a lot more sneaky . "
The fungus is also an efficient traveler : A single hectare of infected wheat releases upwards of 10 billion spores , any one of which can cause the epidemic to spread .
The circumstances have to be just right , though — the prevailing winds must blow toward an area of wheat cultivation , and the P. graminis spores must survive the airborne journey .
That is precisely what happened in the case of Ug99 .
Two years after its initial discovery at Kalengyere , the pathogen drifted into the fields of central Kenya , where it caused major losses and wreaked havoc on thousands of subsistence farms .
The pathogen 's next stop was Ethiopia , sub -Saharan Africa 's biggest wheat producer , followed by eastern Sudan .
( So far , those two countries have escaped major damage thanks largely to dry weather , which tends to hinder P. graminis . )
By 2006 , the pathogen had hopped over the Red Sea into Yemen , a disturbing migratory milestone .
" I look at Yemen as the gateway into the Middle East , into Asia , " says David Hodson , former chief of Cimmyt 's Geographic Information Systems unit and now with the Food and Agriculture Organization in Rome , where he tracks global wheat rusts .
In 2005 , Hodson was asked to develop a model for predicting the spread of Ug99 based on global wind patterns .
The climactic data he gathered suggested that airborne particles from Yemen would inevitably alight in Iran or Iraq .
And sure enough , in 2007 and then in 2009 Iran endured successive Ug99 infections , suggesting that a full - blown epidemic is possible .
This spread to the Islamic Republic tracks neatly with what Hodson terms " Route A , " the likeliest scenario for Ug99 's migration .
If his model continues to hold , the pathogen should steadily move toward the Punjab over the next few years — almost an exact repeat of the migratory path taken by a novel form of yellow rust , which was first detected in Kenya in 1986 , then arrived in India a decade later .
But Hodson is suspicious of just how predictable Ug99 has been so far .
" Maybe one of the most surprising things for me is that we have n't yet seen a random jump , a very long - distance jump , " he says .
In rare instances , fungal spores have been known to ride the winds across oceans — a sugarcane rust that first appeared in Florida in 1978 , for example , is thought to have blown in from Cameroon .
Hodson 's greater fear is that Ug99 will spread via the " 747 route " — hitching rides on human travelers .
This is how yellow rust first got to Australia in 1979 , tucked into the clothing of a farmer who had vacationed in the French countryside .
Ug99 is n't just on the march .
It 's mutating , too :
It has developed the ability to overcome resistance genes that were being used to combat it .
At least four variants of the pathogen have been discovered to date , and each has the ability to knock out resistance genes once thought to be worthy substitutes for Sr31 .
The most troubling of these variants , first detected in Kenya in 2006 , tears through Sr24 , the gene that so many North American wheat producers rely on to keep P. graminis at bay .
Another variant shreds Sr36 , commonly used in the winter wheats of the Great Plains .
That 's why the USDA has suddenly become so alarmed over Ug99 and why Szabo now finds himself a very busy ( and well - funded ) scientist .
Armed with banks of high - speed polymerase chain reaction machines , he's in the midst of a two - year project to sequence the Ug99 genome .
He hopes to identify the pathogen 's effector genes — the genes that actually do the dirty work of destroying wheat .
If these genes can be cloned and inserted into bacteria that will produce the corresponding proteins , then new breeds of wheat could be screened for Ug99 resistance in a lab , eliminating the need to ship them to Njoro for exposure in the wild .
The CDL is especially busy during the winter months , when Szabo can devote time to his shipments of live P. graminis .
He gets first crack at the foreign spores , so he can comb through their genetic material in search of microsatellites .
These are stretches of DNA in which a reference P. graminis genome is known to contain a very simple sequence — say , 18 consecutive pairs of a cytosine ( C ) followed by an adenine ( A ) .
But " slippage " tends to creep into such repetitive strands when new races like Ug99 evolve — an extra repeat might plop down in the middle of the CACACA monotony .
That error becomes a DNA fingerprint for the race .
Using the microsatellite method , Szabo needs only 48 hours to determine whether a P. graminis sample is Ug99 .
But given what 's at stake for US wheat , he wants to ensure that precious days are n't wasted in sending samples to and from St. Paul .
So he 's developing a 24 - hour DNA test called a TaqMan PCR , which can be used by regional pathology labs that regularly analyze infected wheat .
The faster a Ug99 invasion can be detected , the better the odds of containing its damage : Fungicides can be applied immediately .
( However , due to their expense , scarcity , and negative environmental impact , such fungicides are considered only a stopgap measure . )
But Szabo wants to do more than just play post- invasion defense .
He also dreams of using his genomic intel to figure out elegant new ways of countering Ug99 .
When a P. graminis spore lands on a leaf , for example , it shoots out a germ tube that searches for a stomata — a portal into the plant 's innards .
The spore maximizes its chances of finding such an aperture by somehow sensing the topography of the leaf , then launching its probe perpendicular to the long axis of the surface cell .
What if there were a way to give wheat a gene capable of scrambling the spores ' topographical sense , so they could never burrow inside ?
Szabo is a font of such ambitious , sometimes half - formed ideas for turning the tide against Ug99 :
He also has vague notions of transplanting resistance genes from rice , interrupting the pathogen 's sugar intake , or using RNA to gunk up effector genes .
But all of these strategies depend on learning more about what makes the fungus so aggressive in the first place .
For now , the questions vastly outnumber the answers .
" Having the genome is certainly going to give us some tools , but it 's still going to take a long time to understand this organism , " Szabo says .
" It 's much more than any one person can do in a career . "
Photo : University of Minnesota Regents of the University of Minnesota .
All rights reserved .
Back in Njoro , Bariana , the clipboard - toting Australian geneticist from the University of Sydney , leans down to inspect Diamondbird , one of his heartiest specimens .
He likes what he sees — stem rust has chewed up only a modest 20 percent of the surface area .
Though there are a few red dots on the plant 's stem , the pustules do n't look too angry , like blisters about to pop .
There is no single gene that has helped Diamondbird escape the worst of Ug99's punishment .
The plant is protected instead by a combination of so - called minor genes , which work in tandem to slow the enemy rather than stop it cold .
This pragmatic approach to engineering resistance is now much in vogue among breeders keen to make P. graminis irrelevant once more .
The Green Revolution defeated stem rust by relying on single " major " genes like Sr31 and Sr24 , which bestowed near - blanket immunity to P. graminis .
" But the thing about major genes is that they either work or they do n't — it 's black or white , " Bariana says .
So once Ug99 started beating the majors , the vast majority of the world 's wheat immediately lost protection and became completely vulnerable .
Having been burned by this all - or - nothing strategy , breeders are now borrowing an idea from cryptography :
They 're trying to stack up minor genes that offer only partial resistance .
By itself , a single minor gene does scant good — it can only slow down Ug99 so the pathogen is able to destroy just , say , 85 percent of a plant before harvest , instead of the customary 100 percent .
But if five or six such genes can be crammed into a variety pack , the cumulative effect should be akin to that of a major gene .
" It 's a bit like adding one more number in the lottery , " says Ronnie Coffman , international professor of plant breeding at Cornell University .
The addition of each semi-resistance gene makes it exponentially tougher for the fungus to win out .
This piecemeal approach may not be as sexy as discovering the next Sr31 , but it's by far the most promising approach to ending the crisis .
Breeders are scouring the globe in search of useful minor genes , combing locations from Central Asia 's grasslands to dusty museum storerooms .
Bariana , for example , is sifting through the vintage collection of A. E. Watkins , a University of Cambridge breeder who gathered wild wheat varieties from the far corners of the British Empire during the 1930s .
When a minor - gene plant like Diamondbird proves to be a " slow ruster " in Njoro , the next step is to analyze its DNA .
This is done to find markers linked to genes that control resistance .
If such markers can be identified , breeding becomes an order of magnitude easier : Seedlings can be screened in the lab to make sure they carry the desired gene combo and only the best candidates sent to Kenya .
As a result , Bariana estimates that minor - gene wheats possessing near - immunity to Ug99 could be ready for widespread planting in three to four years .
Yet innovation can do only so much .
The other half of the equation is politics — and PR : persuading tens of millions of farmers to switch to new wheats , especially in nations that have yet to suffer Ug99's wrath .
Minor - gene wheats must therefore offer something more than just stem - rust resistance .
They must also produce better grain and more of it than their predecessors , the Sr31 and Sr24 wheats that farmers have happily relied upon for decades .
Therein lies a problem for breeders : Fiddling with one portion of a genome tends to have unpredictable effects on another .
And the more slow - rusting genes that are brought into a plant 's genome , the tougher it can be to control unrelated traits like yield , height , and color .
As the breeders keep tinkering , South Asia is bracing for impact .
The CDL recently tried to get its hands on a suspicious P. graminis sample from Pakistan that is said to knock out Sr31 .
But the country is reluctant to share : " Some countries regard isolates of their pathogens as part of their genetic heritage , " CDL director Marty Carson says .
" I guess there 's a fear that we 'll patent something off of it . "
Preliminary analysis of dead spores indicates that the pathogen is not directly related to Ug99 , but a Canadian lab is now in the process of doing a proper race analysis .
Meanwhile , for every Diamondbird there are a dozen setbacks .
One autumn afternoon in Njoro , Steffenson , the cereal - disease expert from the University of Minnesota , strolled through the test field , checking on barley that was grown from seed he 'd developed in his St. Paul greenhouse .
It was a dispiriting affair .
" Boy , these are getting spanked , " Steffenson muttered as he passed by row after row of plants pocked by red pustules .
" Blasted , just blasted . "
The victims included a variety whose genetic resilience he had prematurely extolled in a journal article just weeks before .
But there 's no time to mourn these losses .
Across the field from Steffenson , Bariana was busy evaluating hundreds of plants downwind of Diamondbird .
His routine never varied : Bend at the waist , inspect the stalk , jot down the score on his clipboard .
Few plants were faring well ; Ug99 was having its way with the bulk of Bariana 's creations .
But the Australian kept at his tedious task for hours , until the sun began to set behind the acacia trees .
He and his colleagues will do this again and again and again , until one of them finds the genetic hurdle that the enemy cannot clear .
Contributing editor Brendan I. Koerner ( Brendan_Koerner@wired.com ) wrote about smart grids in issue 17.04 .
In case you have forgotten the double standard by which law is applied in North America , here 's a reminder .
The elites of society ( e.g. law enforcement agents ) are held to a far lower standard than the average person ; cops routinely get " a pass " or a slap on the wrist on criminal activities for which non-elites serve hard , long time .
The Illinois state trooper who killed two sisters will not have to spend a day behind bars .
A judge gave Matt Mitchell a plea deal for ten years ( 30 months each for four counts ) probation .
Since Mitchell plead guilty to felony charges he will never be allowed to be a police officer again .
Mitchell will serve his sentence in Clinton County where he resides .
In 2007 Mitchell 's car wrecked with Jessica and Kelli Uhl killing them .
Mitchell 's attorney says his client was justified when he was driving 126 miles an hour just moments before the crash .
Prosecutors say Mitchell was sending emails and talking on his phone .
Illinois State Police released a statement Friday afternoon regarding Mitchell 's guilty plea : " Our thoughts and prayers remain with the families of those who were victims in this tragic incident .
Now that the criminal proceedings have concluded , the Illinois State Police will move forward with the internal administrative process as expeditiously as possible , and will take the appropriate action that is warranted . "
Additional details :
--- The two dead girls were 18 and 13 years old .
--- Mitchell was " on duty " at the time he drove across a median and killed the teenagers .
--- He was not only driving full throttle , he was also " sending and receiving e-mails just 2.5 seconds before the impact .... he also had been talking ( with his girlfriend ) on his cell phone moments before . "
--- He had been told approx .
6 minutes before the accident that he was no longer needed at another accident scene , which means he was n't speeding in response to an emergency .
--- He had a prior record of reckless driving ; this is his 3rd major accident , one of which required a $ 1.7 million settlement .
And , yet , he was back in the driver 's seat of a cop car .
--- A witness ( Navy Chief Petty Officer J.W. James ) claims that Mitchell had no siren on while speeding .
--- This was on Black Friday , one of the most congested traffic days , during you would think a cop would be more careful than usual .
--- At first , the police blamed a car that cut Mitchell off .
The car was not found and the police refused to release a description .
When witnesses contradicted this account , the police said ' well , may there was n't another car .
Mitchell 's video recorder was either not on or not working .
Another version said his car was without a Dash Camera , which is standard issue these days .
--- It took over two and 1/2 years to work out the probation deal for Mitchell .
Nevertheless , this is the first felony conviction in Illinois against a law officer in " a pursuit " that killed somebody .
( I know the word " pursuit " is inaccurate but it is the word being used . )
--- Two other people , including a pregnant woman , were injured in a separate vehicle .
--- The victims ' parents agreed to a plea deal on the charge of ' reckless homicide ' because " there was no assurance of a conviction at trial " -- that is how difficult it is to convict a cop of anything .
--- Part of the family 's motive may be a civil suit for $ 24 million that they have brought against Mitchell and the police department ; a guilty plea on his part facilitates a large settlement .
--- The prosecuting attorney stated that Mitchell " will likely lose his job with the State Police " ; he had relieved him of duty pending trial but continued to receive a salary .
That 's how they punish a recklessly homicidal cop ? -- they give him a paid vacation ?
--- Why is his dismissal only likely .
A guilty plea on a felony is not automatic grounds for dismissal ?
What do you think would happen to an average Joe or Jill who killed two policemen or the children of policemen because they were texting while speeding ?
I suspect it would more than the 30 - months probation Mitchell received .
And what happens if he breaks probation ?
Does anyone seriously believe he would be arrested by a fellow - cop , a member of the brotherhood who saw him swig a beer ?
Always remember that the police -- and not conventional criminals -- are the main threat to the safety of the average peaceful person .
The police are there " to serve and protect " themselves and their employers -- the judicial system .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Thousands of Thai protesters seized control of a satellite transmission station , forcing officials to allow an opposition TV channel back on air .
Security forces retreated after their efforts to disperse the crowd with tear gas and water cannon failed .
The government had shut down the People Channel on Thursday under state of emergency laws , and now says it will act again if it " distorts information " .
The clash follows a month - long protest aimed at forcing early elections .
We are still controlling any news reporting that distorts facts
Panitan Wattanayagorn
Thai government official
In pictures : Thais storm TV station
The demonstrators were angry at the government 's decision to close down the channel , which the authorities have accused of inciting violence .
In defiance of emergency law , the red-shirts seized control of a building in the ThaiCom compound , intent on restoring the signal of the People Channel ( PTV ) , which has proved an effective tool in drawing thousands of extra protesters into Bangkok .
The security forces tried to defend the compound , using first water cannon then tear gas but were eventually driven into retreat by the protesters .
COLOUR - CODED PROTESTS
Many rural dwellers and urban poor support red-shirts , while yellow - shirts comprise mainly middle classes and urban elite
In September 2008 yellows rally against government , reds counter - rally , clashes in Bangkok Yellows blockade airport in November 2008 , government collapses , yellow - friendly government installed In April 2009 red protests halt Asean summit , two people die in Bangkok clashes , rallies called off Reds relaunch protests in March 2010 , splash blood on government buildings , march on parliament
Reds and yellows Q&A : Thailand protests PTV returned to air after talks between police and protest leaders , prompting the crowd to withdraw .
An official said the signal remained under government control .
" We are still controlling any news reporting that distorts facts , " Panitan Wattanayagorn was quoted by the Associated Press as saying .
The BBC's Rachel Harvey , who is at the scene , says the red - shirts have won this round , but their goal of early elections is as elusive as ever .
The government remains resolute despite this humiliation , she says .
This was the first time during the current stand - off that the government has used force against the protesters .
Several red-shirts and police were reported injured .
Earlier , in a televised statement , a spokesman for the Thai military said it was prepared to use light to heavy means to hold back the protesters .
If the red - shirts failed to heed warnings , he said , batons , tear gas and rubber bullets would be used .
The red-shirts began their campaign on 12 March , establishing two camps in Bangkok - one at Government House and another in the commercial district , forcing some businesses to close .
The red -shirts - many of whom are sympathisers of ousted leader Thaksin Shinawatra - want Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva to resign and call elections , saying his government is illegitimate .
They have vowed to defy the emergency laws with more rallies .
Arrests warrants have been issued for several of the protest leaders .
Are you in Bangkok or Pathum Thani ?
Tell us your experiences using the form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Send your pictures and videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
RTN or RaceTheNet will have open signups until March 31 or they hit 5000 users .
Irc : S : irc.racethe.net C : #rtn
RTN is a general / 0 day tracker
Quick look at their categories , stats & forum .
Today in Inside Higher Ed , Jennifer Epstein profiles the newest academic discipline to emerge in the field of gender studies : " Male Studies . "
Advertisement
Male Studies made its official debut this Wednesday , when a symposium was held at New York 's Wagner College to announce the formation of the Foundation for Male Studies .
While the new discipline received the support of academics like Rutgers University anthropology professor Lionel Tiger and McGill University religious researcher Paul Nathanson , one contingent of scholars met the news with suspicion :
Those working in the very much already existing discipline of Men 's Studies .
So , what 's the difference between " Male Studies " and " Men 's Studies " ?
According to Tiger , Male Studies emerged " from the notion that male and female organisms really are different " and the " enormous relation between . . . a person 's biology and their behavior . "
To the Male Studies set , " Men 's Studies " has historically focused far too much on the social construction of masculinity , and not enough on the biological origins and purpose of " maleness . "
The Foundation for Male Studies states that its focus is on studying " the male as male " :
A new academic discipline , male studies , explores the male as male , masculinity , and the lives of boys and men .
This consortium brings together eminent scholars representing a range of academic disciplines , including anthropology , education , history , medicine , politics and psychology .
Panelists together with teleconferencing scholars with take a fresh look at the male in history and a rapidly changing global culture .
The male as male will be permitted to appear in all his complexity as new values are being forged and traditional values that have proven the test of time are affirmed .
The consortium will set the stage for additional conferences and academic programs at institutions of higher learning and will support optimal conditions in which boys and men can thrive in all areas of their lives as male human beings .
Advertisement
But according to Robert Heasley , president of the American Men's Studies Association , Men's Studies has already been performing the work of exploring males as males .
" Men 's studies came out of feminist analysis of gender , which includes biological differences , " Heasley said .
" [ The Male Studies ] argument is that they 're inventing something that I think already exists . "
Perhaps the real distinction has a little something to do with that " feminist " thing .
The American Men's Studies Association states that " Men 's studies includes scholarly , clinical , and activist endeavors engaging men and masculinities as social - historical - cultural constructions reflexively embedded in the material and bodily realities of men's and women 's lives . "
But women 's lives do n't appear to be of much interest to the Male Studies set .
According to Tiger , Male Studies was forged in contrast , not in concert with , feminism , which he describes as " a well - meaning , highly successful , very colorful denigration of maleness as a force , as a phenomenon . "
Apparently , Male Studies was formed in order to study this phenomenon without the distraction of also occasionally thinking about women .
So now , we need two separate disciplines devoted to studying men , because the first one just was n't devoted enough .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
This post originally appeared on the blog The Sexist .
Republished with permission .
Choosing the Best Essay Writing Services Company for your Academics
Author : James Herald Designation : Chief Essays Supervisor Date Published : 21 , March 2010
The world of internet has indeed given many opportunities that help accomplish large number of goals .
And one such facility is to find writing services or essay companies for detailed projects like writing thesis / dissertation , college essays or alike samples that we require at various phase of our academic lives .
Though it is fairly easier to get the essay writing companies over the internet , the question in stake is how far one is reliable for you and how successful one would be to meet your writing needs in full .
Here lies the importance of the question : how to choose the best essay writing company ?
Now to pick the best essay writing company , you just need to keep in mind the following tips and ideas .
NOTE : We have one more updated article about finding the best essay writing company written by our product manager Deborah Croft .
1. ) Go through the classifieds of the essay writing companies to select a few of them that you would judge and compare .
Their ads are available in business directories , newspapers , local bulletin boards and similar areas .
You can find them at online business directories or directories of essay companies too .
2. ) Read a little about them , before you pick few for comparison .
A little reading about them would give you a fair idea of their writing style , their language skills and the vocabulary strength .
These are very much important for essay writing .
3. ) Make a little research on the picked companies and those that find presence in the internet along with some reviews should be shortlisted .
Forget the rest .
In this way , make your research more comprehensive .
4. ) After you have shortlisted the companies visit the sites one by one and check out their samples , unique samples of essays .
Read about them and their specialization .
There are some essay writing companies who are specific in certain fields and do n’t write beyond them .
While some others have writers from varied fields and they take contracts of writing any kind of essay .
Check if their articles are unique or are plagiarism checked .
5. ) Then proceed further and compare their writing styles , essay writing rates , the time factor , their dependability of delivering the work on time , proof - read assistance , and further after project assistance .
Choose the one that suits your need – rate of writing , delivery time and the style of writing .
6. ) There are many companies who do n’t offer the after project assistance .
They deny making some minor changes here and there according to the need .
At times such need arises due to some changes that are inevitable .
This is cumbersome because you again have to hire them or go to some other company to do those changes .
Thus , prefer essay writing company that provides customer support assistance and after project assistance to a certain period .
7. ) An important aspect of how to choose best essay writing company is to learn about their addresses .
Check out if they are native or foreign company .
It is good to choose native companies because though online delivery is possible in few seconds but what if you require hard copies from them .
8. ) Always check the customer support service and if possible contact few customers or read reviews about the company from reliable sources .
Also you need to check the money back guarantee scheme in case the essay does n’t meet the standards or the deadline .
Thus , this is how you can find a reliable and good essay writing company over the internet .
Just keep in mind these basic details you need to enquire about on how to choose best essay writing company and you will definitely find a good one .
Official at prestigious T. Jefferson HS charged with stealing school money
A finance official at one of the Washington area 's most prestigious high schools was arrested on Friday and charged with stealing $ 279,000 from student athletics and clubs and using the money to support a gambling habit , prosecutors said .
Susan Thanh Litwin , a finance technician at Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology in Fairfax County , is charged in U.S. District Court in Alexandria with theft from a program that receives federal funds .
She is scheduled to appear in court Friday afternoon .
Court records said Litwin was responsible for receiving and depositing funds , from parents and other sources , to support athletics , classes , clubs and other school activities .
Prosecutors said Litwin , 37 , of Woodbridge , used her signature authority to write checks to herself and also to deposit funds into school accounts and withdraw the money .
The checks and withdrawals ranged from $ 2,500 to $ 35,000 , prosecutors said .
Thomas Jefferson is considered among the nation ’s best public high schools and has the highest average SAT score for any public high school in America , according to rankings complied for Newsweek magazine .
In an interview with federal agents , Litwin said the money she is accused of stealing was used for trips to Las Vegas and Atlantic City to support her gambling habit and to help with her high credit card debt and large mortgage payments on her home .
“ These are difficult financial times for many public institutions , and an employee who breaks that trust needs to be held accountable , ” said Neil H. MacBride , the U.S. attorney in Alexandria , who recently announced a crackdown on public corruption and financial crimes .
-- Jerry Markon
Several American government officials gave details about the raid on the condition that they not be named , because the operation was classified .
American officials believe that besides running the Taliban ’s military operations , Mullah Baradar runs the group ’s leadership council , often called the Quetta Shura because its leaders for years have been thought to be hiding near Quetta , the capital of Baluchistan Province in Pakistan .
A spokesman for the Taliban insisted on Tuesday that Baradar was still free .
“ This is just rumor spread by foreigners to divert attention from the Marja offensive , ” said the spokesman , Zabiullah Mujahid .
“ They are facing big problems in Marja .
In reality there is nothing regarding Baradar ’s arrest .
He is safe and free and he is in Afghanistan . ”
The participation of Pakistan ’s spy service could suggest a new level of cooperation from Pakistan ’s leaders , who have been ambivalent about American efforts to crush the Taliban .
Increasingly , the Americans say , senior leaders in Pakistan , including the chief of its army , Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , have gradually come around to the view that they can no longer support the Taliban in Afghanistan  as they have quietly done for years  without endangering themselves .
Indeed , American officials have speculated that Pakistani security officials could have picked up Mullah Baradar long ago .
The officials said that Pakistan was leading the interrogation of Mullah Baradar , but that Americans were also involved .
The conditions of the questioning are unclear .
In its first week in office , the Obama administration banned harsh interrogations like waterboarding by Americans , but the Pakistanis have long been known to subject prisoners to brutal questioning .
American intelligence officials believe that elements within Pakistan ’s security services have covertly supported the Taliban with money and logistical help  largely out of a desire to retain some ally inside Afghanistan for the inevitable day when the Americans leave .
AS SEEN IN THE PRESS
Ken Miller has been through the Texas Board of Education ’s textbook review process before .
Three times in fact .
So , the Brown University biology professor , who co-wrote the popular high school textbook Biology with Joe Levine , said he ’s not terribly worried about going through it again .
Actually , the new science standards written last year present him with an invitation to delve into the issue of evolution and the fossil record more thoroughly .
But ask him whether he knows how he ’d cope with writing a history textbook under the new social studies guidelines , he responds quickly :
“ God no ! ” he said , horrified .
“ Beats the heck out of me .
I really do n’t know . ”
The 30 - day public comment period for the Texas Board of Education ’s revised social studies curriculum is underway , and organizations from the American Civil Liberties Union to historians to the Texas Library Association are urging the public to weigh in regarding conservative efforts to rewrite history .
The more than 100 revisions have garnered outrage from educators across the country , which include playing down Thomas Jefferson ’s role as an influential thinker , requiring the President of the Confederacy , Jefferson Davis ’ inaugural address to be taught alongside the writings of President Abraham Lincoln , and replacing the word “ capitalism ” with the phrase “ free enterprise . ”
The curriculum changes are part of the Texas Essential Knowledge standards , which serve as a guideline for publishers and writers hoping to secure the lucrative Texas high school textbook market — the second largest in the country , second only to cash - strapped California .
In addition to rewriting the social studies ’ standards , the board last year also made significant changes to the science curriculum , inserting language that raises questions about the validity of evolution and man-made climate change .
Fundamentalist Christians on the board fought for and approved creationist and intelligent - design friendly language asking students to analyze the “ complexity of the cell ” as well as “ analyze and evaluate the sufficiency of scientific explanations concerning any data of sudden appearance , stasis and the sequential nature of groups in the fossil records . ”
Board member Don McLeroy fought to have the language inserted because he lacks a scientific understanding of how evolution accounts for things like cell complexity and the fossil record .
So rather than tiptoe around the questions raised about evolution , Miller views it as an opportunity to embrace the wording and address the issue head - on .
“ That ’s really an invitation , ” he said .
But whether the strategy will work depends on who will be sitting on the board at the time .
Texas ’ textbook review process is like no other .
Next year , Miller and other authors and publishers of high school textbooks will gather before the Board of Education in Austin to testify to the fact that their books meet the new standards .
The board will then vote whether to reject them or put them on the approved list .
After that , individual school districts will select textbooks from that list .
In 2003 and 2004 , despite McLeroy ’s attempt to reject Biology , it was approved 11 - 4 and Miller and his co-writer spent 43 days and 43 nights flying around Texas , visiting with local textbook selection committees .
“ I spent more time in Texas than George Bush did that year , ” Miller said .
“ I could have registered to vote there . ”
Publishers Watching , But Are They Listening ?
While the code language in the science standards may be vague enough that perhaps writers like Miller can use them to their advantage , the social studies requirements are another story .
Many warn that as goes Texas , so goes the nation , since publishers writing textbooks to adhere to Texas ’ standards would sell the same or similar versions to other states as well .
In response , People for the American Way has begun a petition to send to publishers urging them to ignore the new guidelines .
Others , including those who count themselves among the board ’s most vehement critics , say the impact on the actual writing of textbooks may not be that dire .
Still , that does n’t spell good news for public education .
For no matter what the outcome of the standards on textbooks — either in Texas or across the country — the board is clearly rewriting history to fit a conservative agenda and a Christian - dominated worldview .
Jay Diskey , executive director of the school division of the Association of American Publishers , called the idea that the Texas standards would impact the education of students in other states “ an urban myth . ”
Diskey said publishers have been customizing separate state editions since 1994 when the federal government required each state to come up with its own separate academic standards .
While digital publishing has made it easier to accommodate various editions , even before the mid-’90s , states were asking for textbooks geared to the local history .
“ Texas might ask for more information on the Alamo ; California might ask for more on the Gold Rush , ” he said .
Diskey said textbooks have long played a prominent role in the culture war , dating back to the Civil War .
“ We do n’t argue against it , ” he said .
“ That ’s a state ’s prerogative . ”
While Ken Miller acknowledges that publishers are capable of producing different state editions , if they had their druthers , it ’s more cost effective to only having to make one version , just with minor tweaks to accommodate state standards .
“ Indeed it ’s possible to produce a special edition for just Texas , but the reality is that almost all publishers would prefer the same core textbooks , ” he said .
Biology has state versions , but where they differ is at the end of the chapter with review questions material .
Miller said everything else in the different versions is the same .
Pearson publishes Miller ’s Biology .
CEO Marjorie Scardino , Miller said , has assured the authors that she would rather be known as the publisher who sold no books in Texas , rather than the one who compromised scientific integrity and failed to stand on principle .
David Hillis , a professor of integrative biology at the University of Texas — Austin who co-wrote the textbooks Life : The Science of Biology and Molecular Systemics said no reputable publisher or writer would kowtow to the board ’s standards .
“ It ’s hard to imagine any publishers taking this seriously , ” said Hillis , who testified before the education board last year regarding the science standards .
“ Are they really going to remove Thomas Jefferson from a discussion of the Enlightenment ?
And are they really going to substitute ‘ free enterprise ’ for capitalism ?
That ’s ridiculous .
They are n’t even synonyms . ”
“ Publishers have reputations to maintain and this is so far off the mainstream of what is taught .
They ’re not going to add pseudoscience to the books .
They ’re not going to eliminate key historical figures . ”
For the most part , publishers of high school textbooks are reluctant to discuss the Texas controversy , even though it ’s acknowledged that they have been following it closely .
Sinauer Associates is a small publishing house that publishes college - level science textbooks , some of which are used in high school advanced placement classes .
Sinauer , along with W.H. Freeman jointly published Hillis’ Science of Biology and Molecular Systemics .
President Andrew Sinauer said his company would never consider inserting anti-evolution language into a textbook to make a sale to creationists .
“ We simply would n’t do it and our authors would n’t tolerate it , ” he said .
However , he said that the smaller college textbook market is n’t subject to the same kinds of pressures as the high school publishing houses for which state and regional standards have long required specific editions .
So , a company might customize 8,000 copies for Texas , but still sell educationally legitimate copies to the rest of the country .
More Than Just Textbooks
Even though Hillis is less worried about the board ’s impact on textbooks , it does n’t mean he is n’t concerned about what it could do to students ’ education .
Under the standards , the board could require use of “ supplemental material ” as a way to sneak in creationist and intelligent design documents , like the Discovery Institute ’s Signature of the Cell , or books that rewrite history from a distorted and dubious Christian perspective , like David Barton ’s America ’s Godly Heritage .
Other states have tried the supplemental material language , so far unsuccessfully .
“ But they keep trying , ” Hillis said .
Interestingly , the person who led efforts to rewrite the standards wo n’t be around next year to pick the textbooks .
McLeroy , the board ’s former chairman and the most vocal conservative on the board , lost his primary race last month .
McLeroy , a young earth creationist and Christian fundamentalist , has argued that his goal is to add balance to the curriculum .
“ History has already been skewed , “ he said following last month ’s vote .
“ Academia is skewed too far to the left . ”
Of course , McLeroy also argues that women and minorities should be thankful to the ruling white male majority for bestowing them with equal rights .
( See video here of his statement which begins at about 4:00 . )
Three of McLeroy ’s fellow conservatives lost their races as well .
Randy Rives and Joan Muenzler , who were backed by groups such as WallBuilders and the Texas Pastor Council , also lost their primary races .
In addition , Austin attorney Brian Russell , whom board member Cynthia Dunbar recruited to run for her seat , lost his race to a moderate Republican .
Dunbar , who is retiring , is a dominionist and has said public education is evil .
Another conservative , Ken Mercer , is facing a serious challenge from a pro-education candidate in the fall election .
Next year , just in time for the textbook review , the far - right Christian conservatives may no longer hold a majority .
At that point , it will be up to the new board whether it should apply or ignore the standards .
So , if the Texas textbook controversy were to end up having little impact on textbooks either across the country or even in Texas , was it all just a tempest in a teapot ?
The answer , Hillis says , is no .
Unfortunately , young inexperienced teachers in small districts will look to the curriculum standards for guidance .
And while teaching creationism is illegal , someone would have to be willing to challenge it .
“ Clearly this is part of an effort to generate a culture war , ” Hillis said .
Dan Quinn , a spokesman for the watchdog group Texas Freedom Network , points out that Texas in the next 10 years could become like Kansas ; in response to Kansas ’ board of education ’s decision in the late 90s to eliminate evolution from its standards , voters elected a pro-science board .
In the next election , voters elected a creationist board and then back to a pro-science board .
“ It became like educational schizophrenia , ” Quinn said , “ where teachers did n’t know what to teach from year to year . ”
The amended standards , which will be reviewed and voted on May 19 - 21 , are now available at the Texas Education Agency Web site .
The Texas Freedom Network has a pretty comprehensive list as well .
In no particular order , here is a list of 10 of the most egregious changes to the social studies curriculum :
1. Exceptionally Unjust : Conservative board members spent much time stressing that students need to learn about “ American exceptionalism , ” even as they removed the concepts of “ justice ” and “ responsibility for the common good ” from a list of characteristics of good citizenship for Grades 1 - 3 .
They also unsuccessfully tried to remove the word “ equality . ”
2. Disestablishing the Establishment Clause : A proposal suggesting that high school students be able to “ examine the reasons the Founding Fathers protected religious freedom in America by barring government from promoting or disfavoring any particular religion over all others , ” was rejected by religious conservatives .
3 . The Enlightenment Ends Here : Board members voted to remove Thomas Jefferson from a world history standard about the influence of Enlightenment thinkers on political revolutions from the 1700s to today .
Instead , they replaced him with theologians Thomas Aquinas and John Calvin .
Then , because neither were Enlightenment thinkers , board members also removed the word “ Enlightenment . ”
4. A Free Substitute for Capitalism : Board conservatives banned the word “ capitalism ” from the standards , arguing that “ liberal professors in academia ” use the word in a negative way .
The phrase “ free enterprise ” is to be used in its place .
5. McCarthy , Great American Hero : Led by McLeroy , board members voted to require students to learn about “ communist infiltration ” in the 1950s in an attempt to absolve Joseph McCarthy for his Cold War Communist witch hunts .
McLeroy asserted inaccurately that McCarthy has been “ vindicated by history . ”
6 . Expunge the ( Brown ) Socialist :
The board took Dolores Huerta , co-founder of United Farm Workers of America , from a Grade 3 list of “ historical and contemporary figures who have exemplified good citizenship ” because she was a socialist .
Inexplicably , socialist Helen Keller remained on the same list .
7. A Hero Ain’t Nothin’ But a Conservative : Students are required to learn about “ conservative heroes and icons ” like Phyllis Schlafly , the Heritage Foundation and the Moral Majority .
No similar standard is required for “ liberal heroes and icons . ”
8. History , Rewritten by the Losers :
When studying the writings of President Abraham Lincoln , 8th - grade students are also required learn about Jefferson Davis ’ inaugural address as president of the Confederacy during the Civil War in their US history class .
9. Declaring Culture War on Liberal Programs : Students are required to learn about “ any unintended consequences ” of the Great Society , affirmative action , and Title IX .
10 . As Goes Hollywood So Goes the Texas School Board :
The board removed freedom fighter and Salvadoran archbishop Oscar Romero , who was assassinated during Mass , from a standard about leaders who resisted political oppression .
The reason ?
Because they had n’t heard of him and , as one board member said , “ he did n’t have his own movie ” like Nelson Mandela and Mohandas Gandhi .
An internal HP memo which compares the upcoming Slate to Apple 's iPad has been leaked , and it shows not just the specifications of the Hewlett Packard tablet , but also the price .
The comparison table even highlights " advantages " and " threats " in green and red .
The Slate will come in two sizes : a 32 - GB model for $ 550 and a $ 600 , 64 - GB version .
This compares favorably to the iPad , which costs $ 600 for 32 GB .
On the " advantages " side , the HP lists an SD card reader , a USB port , HDMI - out , a VGA webcam , a 3 - megapixel camera and a " conventional " SIM - card tray ( the iPad uses the new micro - SIM ) .
Inexplicably , the 1.6 - GHz Atom Z530 is also counted as an " advantage , " presumably due to the familiarity of the name rather than its actual performance .
The Slate will also contain 1 GB RAM , weigh the same 1.5 pounds as the iPad and sport a widescreen 1024 x 600 display .
This is , despite the name and capacitive touchscreen , a netbook with the keyboard removed .
So , what are the " threats " listed by HP ?
The iPad 's 10 - hour battery life ( the Slate claims just five , and will surely be shorter ) , 802.11n Wi - Fi ( the Slate has just g ) , the bigger screen and the entry - level price of just $ 550 .
And that 's it .
If there is any proof that HP does n't get the whole tablet PC shtick , it is this focus on hardware .
The whole point of the iPad is its software , the fact that it is conceived to work as a touch device .
HP 's Slate may well be a nice piece of hardware , and it certainly has all the marketing checkboxes filled , but it runs Windows 7 .
And last time we looked , even a skinned version of Windows 7 is not designed for touch .
Nice try , though , HP .
Better luck next time .
HP Slate to cost $ 549 , have 1.6GHz Atom Z530 , 5 hour battery ?
[ Engadget ]
' It 's become more of this rally of hate '
Krissah Thompson 's must - read piece on black conservatives and the tea parties makes for solid companion reading with yesterday 's much - linked AP story about black tea partiers and CNN 's piece about nonexistent tea party racism .
The story , Thompson finds , is a little less pleasant , a little more complicated .
Here 's Brandon Brice , who spoke at last year 's April 15 tea party in New York alongside Newt Gingrich , criticizing the movement .
It 's strayed away from the message of wasteful spending and Washington not listening to its constituents , and it 's become more of this rally of hate .
The tea party leaders should apologize on behalf of the irresponsible comments that were made , but they should also stand very firm on where we stood and where they stood in 2009 .
Thompson finds a mixture of black conservatives who are worried about this and those who are angrier at the media for pretending there 's any racism in the movement at all .
The ones who are angry at the media have , up to now , gotten the most attention .
Black tea party speakers such as Angela McGlowan and Lloyd Marcus spent a good amount of their time and energy defending tea parties from charges of racism , painting progressives and Democrats as the real racists for maintaining the welfare state .
I 'm always surprised when I hear tea partiers argue that the presence of black speakers onstage -- welcomed by thunderous applause -- proves that the movement is diverse .
Obviously , it 's overwhelmingly white .
But for a very long time , conservatives tried to appeal to black voters on social issues , wedge issues like school choice , and patronizing framing of economic issues that accused Democrats of putting blacks on a " plantation . "
The straight - up libertarian rhetoric of the tea parties is generally giving black conservatives more to work with , more of a level playing field .
But that rhetoric has always been tied in a backlash against federal spending on non-whites and federal intervention to integrate schools and industries .
Some of the people that it attracts will be anathemas to black conservatives .
And it 's a little silly to pretend , as CNN pretended , there 's no tension here .
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - New guidelines from the American Cancer Society urge doctors to make sure their patients fully understand the risks as well as the benefits of prostate cancer screening before any blood is drawn .
The updated guidelines issued on Wednesday reflect the ongoing debate over the prostate - specific antigen , or PSA , blood test after two large studies last year produced conflicting results about whether it actually saves lives .
“ With these newly updated recommendations , the American Cancer Society places even stronger emphasis on shared decision - making between clinicians and patients , ” Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , said in a statement .
Prostate cancer is the second most common cancer in men worldwide after lung cancer , killing 254,000 men a year .
Doctors have routinely recommended PSA tests to men over 50 in the belief that early diagnosis and aggressive treatment for any cancer is better than standing by and doing nothing .
But a study published last August in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute found routine screening for prostate cancer resulted in more than 1 million U.S. men being diagnosed with tumors who might otherwise have suffered no ill effects from them .
Prostate cancer treatments , including surgery or radiation , can cause incontinence and erectile dysfunction in about a third of patients .
Many men also experience bowel problems .
“ These risks are not inconsequential .
We do want to be sure that men know all of this before they make their decision of whether or not to be screened , ” said Dr. Andrew Wolf of Virginia Health System , who chaired the advisory committee that developed the guidelines published in CA : A Cancer Journal for Clinicians .
AVERAGE RISKS
The updated guidelines recommend that men of average risk get information about the risks and benefits of screening by age 50 before making a decision about the test .
Men at higher risk -- including blacks and men with a father or brother who was diagnosed with prostate cancer -- should get this information by age 45 .
Men with multiple family members who have been diagnosed with prostate cancer before age 65 should have the prostate cancer discussion with their doctors at age 40 .
The group also recommends that doctors use patient decision aids , including one developed by the Foundation for Informed Medical Decision Makinghere , which can help men weigh the risks and benefits of screening .
“ Hopefully , what we ’re promoting is that doctors provide as balanced a presentation of the issues as they can , ” Wolf said in a telephone interview .
And they say no screening should be done without giving men a chance to weigh their options .
“ We are increasingly aware of the fact that many men who do choose to be screened are diagnosed with an early prostate cancer that leads to treatment , and if they had not been screened , they never would have known about a cancer that was never destined to harm them , ” Wolf said .
“ That is a very real risk of prostate cancer screening that has become increasingly clear since our last guideline update in 2001 , ” Wolf said .
“ The other risks are those of treating prostate cancer that is found through early detection . ”
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
03/02/2010
Whitman 's sampler :
Yes on gay families , no on the easiest way to legally protect the same
by Jeremy Hooper
If you 've ever wondered why there are so many inauthenticities on eBay , perhaps you should look no further than the company 's former head :
Asked to reconcile her stance against same - sex marriage with her willingness to allow gays and lesbians to adopt children , [ CA Republican gubernatorial hopeful Meg Whitman ] said she believes the term " marriage " should apply only to the union of a man and a woman .
Still , she 's in favor of granting equal rights to gay people through civil unions and domestic partnerships .
And she approves letting gays adopt because " many kids need a great home . "
Meg Whitman holds forth on guns , gays and government [ Mercury News ]
So kids can totally have gay parents , they just have to grow up knowing those parents are unfit for the same civil equality that heterosexuals enjoy ?
Well that 's kind of like eBaying someone a vintage Life game , but keeping the spinner for yourself .
Both false fulfillments deserve negative feedback .
But fortunately , Meg has taught us one thing :
That we all better be careful before we click " buy it now . "
Hopefully California voters will exercise the same caution .
** Meanwhile : Jerry Brown announces he ’s running to be California governor [ LGBT POV ]
Your thoughts
I 'm not a Mel supporter .
She is less supportive of our community than is , say , Jerry Brown .
But ... three years ago we would have been naming someone with her views as grand marshall of the pride parade .
Two years ago we would have been putting them on our bumper and calling them " fierce advocate " .
Yet now I 've seen ( not here ) some sites go so far as to call her " anti-gay " and " homophobic " .
I can't help but wonder whether some of the animosity comes from having an R after her name rather than a D .
I 'm not saying that we should extol the virtues of Mel or endorse her .
But would n't it be great if every Republican ( heck , some of the Democrats too ) shared her views ?
So I 'm not exactly sure why our community has decided that she 's an enemy .
Posted by : Timothy | Mar 2 , 2010 11:24:32 AM
TK : Like you , I 'm troubled when I see people jump too quickly to the anti-gay / homophobic / bigot / etc. labels .
For me it 's always about the positions -- I do n't tend to pretend to know ( or care , for that matter ) about the person 's heart or motivation .
But that being said :
Yes , some might have applauded this a few years ago ( although hopefully while still noting that it was completely inadequate , even then ) .
Things have certainly changed .
But I really do n't think that the current frustration with Meg is so much a partisan thing as it is a lay of the land sort of thing .
Many ( if not most ) people think that a California Republican could very easily be pro-equality in every regard .
So the fact that she 's not seems like a pointed slap in the face .
Perhaps not fair , since you 're right that in another state and / or time , this kind of support would earn praise .
But that would be my guess .
Plus there 's the Prop 8 factor .
Right now , any CA politician who comes down on the anti-marriage side seems to be aligning with the raw wound that is Prop 8 .
The focus and the ire are still understandably heightened , esp. with the trial .
Like you , I plan to simply contrast her views with Brown .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Mar 2 , 2010 12:04:05 PM
Timothy , affirmatively supporting Prop 8 clearly separates Whiteman from the " fierce defender . "
At least in my mind .
The political reality that a majority voters can be hijacked into the hate - the - queers camp , is a far cry from being a leader of the hate - the - queers camp .
And , Whitman certainly does n't need to raise money from the more staid gay bashers , so her obvious hope is that the a majority still find prop 8 to be fashionable , and she 's pandering to them .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Mar 2 , 2010 12:32:50 PM
Jeremy , I think that perhaps that those who think that a California Republican could be pro-equality in every regard may misunderstand CA Republican politics a bit .
While the state is moderately liberal , it is not homogeneous ( just as NY is not ) .
It is a basically two distinct populaces lumped together ( inland and coastal ) .
I think folks see Arnold 's social liberalism and assume that this is indicative of Republicans in the state .
But CA Repubs have traditionally been more similar to NY Repubs than MA Repubs .
Redistricting has created a jerrymandered system in which mostly only the far right and the far left can win assembly or state senate seats .
And while there are some very supportive Republicans in the state , 82 % of CA Republicans voted for Prop 8 .
A candidate that is pro-equality in every regard would have to come from the 18 % of the party that voted NO .
That being said , in this election you only have those who are on the moderate end of the Party running for Gov. Remember , " I support civil unions and adoption rights " is a moderate position .
Meg Whitman and Steve Poizner are both fiscal republicans who have never been the enemy of our community .
Meg spoke ( once , I think ) favorably about Prop 8 and unless I 'm mistaken Poizner did also and since that time have answered questions about the subject .
But neither of them seem particularly fired up .
Unfortunately , Whitman is being portrayed as ( in Dick 's words ) " a leader of the hate - the - queers camp . "
And pandering .
And I do n't get it .
It is a totally bogus representation of her position .
I disagree with Meg on this issue .
But she is not a hater and she is not anti-gay and she is not trying to rally the anti-gays .
Or not as best as I can tell .
I 'm troubled that somehow our community 's media has created an enemy out of someone who has never ever done anything to indicate that she would behave as one .
Posted by : Timothy Kincaid | Mar 2 , 2010 3:03:59 PM
TK : Yeah , my suggestion about how people view CA Republicans was one explanation for why people are coming down so hard on Whitman .
Whether true or not .
I do , however , think you have to fairly consider Dick 's point about pandering .
That is a valid note .
The weird thing for me is that before she came into politics , I always thought Meg was an out lesbian .
I was actually shocked when I started to learn more about her politics and her sexuality .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Mar 2 , 2010 3:47:06 PM
I do n't think the pandering claim holds up .
In order to be pandering , Whitman would have to be either saying things that she does n't believe , or playing up an issue in order to draw attention .
We have no reason whatsoever to think that Whitman 's position is anything other than what she believes .
And if you were trying to win favor with anti-gays , " I support civil unions and adoption rights " is not the way to do it in California .
Remember , we are the home of Lou Sheldon and Dr. Dobson got his start here .
If you wanted to pander to anti-gays here , you 'd have to talk about evil and children and the sort .
And I 'm sure she made no anti-gay friends when she said ( prior to the court decision ) that the folks who married before Prop 8 should continue to be recognized as married .
If we are thinking that she 's trying to pander to the middle of the roads who voted " yes " , then she'd have to be making this a campaign issue .
Yet she never seems to talk about it unless she 's asked .
So I suppose she could be pandering , but if so I must be missing it .
Maybe we 'll see more of that later .
As for her look , oh yeah it says " I 'll bring the couscous to the flannel - wearers potluck " .
But maybe she just thwarts stereotypes .
I dunno .
And I can see why her husband is kinda out of the public eye .
Who wants to be known as Mrs. Harsh ? :)
Posted by : Timothy Kincaid | Mar 2 , 2010 5:33:33 PM
" ... our community 's media has created an enemy out of someone who has never ever done anything to indicate that she would behave as one . "
I , personally , would rather go with the devil we know , than the one who has never cast a public vote / veto .
It might turn out that she is more socially liberal than the typical Prop H8 supporter ... but we have zero ways of determining that other than her stated support for prop 8 .
Maybe if she spends a couple of years in one of the state houses , and has a demonstrable voting record then she might be able to shake this wicked - witch persona ?
That she is arrogant enough to try to buy a Lordship , though , to me is another strike against her .
And look at the Governator .
We knew nothing about him either .
As much as you call him " socially liberal , " he vetoed marriage equality twice .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Mar 2 , 2010 5:41:05 PM
And , Timothy , if she is not pandering , then we do n't have to wait to make a decision .
" Pandering " was giving her the benefit of the doubt .
Posted by : Dick Mills | Mar 2 , 2010 6:30:30 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Django - nonrel - NoSQL support for Django
Django - nonrel is an independent branch of Django that adds NoSQL database support to the ORM .
The long - term goal is to integrate NoSQL support into the official Django release .
The whole project is now hosted at : http://www.django-nonrel.org
A California man has been sentenced to up to eight years in prison for stealing a $ 3.99 ( £ 2.60 ) bag of shredded cheese in a case critics say shows the need for reform of the state 's criminal justice system and the overcrowded state of its prisons .
Robert Ferguson , who prosecutors say has a nearly 30 - year record of convictions for burglary and other offences , avoided a life sentence under the state 's controversial " three strikes " law after a psychological evaluation deemed him bipolar and unable to control his impulses to steal , the Sacramento Bee reported .
Prosecutor Clinton Parish said Ferguson had spent 22 of the past 27 years behind bars but had failed to show he could obey the law .
A judge sentenced him to seven years and eight months in prison , but he could be eligible for parole in three years .
The ruling came amid critical overcrowding in the California prison system , to which years of tough policies , the " war on drugs " and one of the highest US recidivism rates have contributed .
The system held 166,569 inmates in August , but remains so overcrowded nearly 8,000 have been sent to prisons outside the state .
The state 's three strikes law , passed in 1994 , significantly increased the amount of time repeat convicted criminals serve in prison .
It provides 25 years to life in prison for a third felony conviction by an offender with two or more prior serious or violent criminal convictions .
As of March 2008 , more than 41,000 people were in prison under the three strikes law .
A 2005 legislative report estimated the law , including its application to nonviolent offences , added about $ 0.5 bn in costs annually .
With prisoners stacked three - high in bunk beds in gymnasiums and packed into hallways and classrooms , California 's prison system is so overcrowded that a series of judges have ruled conditions violate the US constitution 's prohibition of cruel and unusual punishment .
Last month , a federal judge ordered the state to reduce overcrowding by 55,000 , the same week that a state court approved a life sentence for a man convicted of possessing 0.03 grams of methamphetamine .
America 's most populous state has been crippled by political discord , unable to close a $ 20 bn budget gap .
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger has called for a 12 % cut in the state 's prison budget , to $ 8.1bn .
Cloud Solutions
Breathe Cloud
Integrate our innovative and dynamic cloud solutions with your businesses as smoothly as the breathing process itself .
Come and experience the best bouquet of services including top class integrated IaaS , PaaS , SaaS and services from industry leaders like Google , AWS , Azure , Alibaba etc. , curated dexterously to transform your business .
Be Aware of Your Privacy and Anonymity
Did you know that your every step in the digital world is watched , monitored , and analyzed by the government agencies , spies , or hackers ?
Our website introduces VPNs and other security services that will allow you to avoid surveillance , safeguard sensitive data , and maintain your privacy on the internet .
This is the blog of a thirty - something Xbox 360 and PS3 player called Donncha .
Currently playing a lot of Bad Company 2 , Call of Duty WAW , Little Big Planet , Halo Reach and whatever takes his fancy .
Find him on Xbox Live as xeer2000 , and on PSN as donnchaoc or xeer2000 .
The Battlefield Bad Company 2 Beginners Guide should be the first page you visit if you 're new to the game !
Bad Company 2 stats : PS3 vs Xbox 360 , stats history page .
More stats : xeer2000 , xeer2000 , donnchaoc , donnchaoc .
We just spent a few minutes playing with the beta version of Skyfire 2.0 for Android that was released today , and we 'll cut to the chase : this is easily the best browser we 've used on the platform .
Clearly we 'll need to spend more time with it to make sure it can handle all the typical sites you 'd want to visit while you 're on the road -- but loading the desktop version of Engadget is always a great barometer for this sort of thing , and this browser rocked it .
Rendering is about as reasonably fast as you can expect it to be ( on our Snapdragon - powered Nexus One , anyhow ) , and everything we saw displayed spot - on perfect ( save for embedded Flash , of course ) , but if you 're in a situation where you do n't need to see the full page or it looks screwy , you can toggle it to send an Android user agent right from the app's toolbar below the URL field .
It works just about as well as Steel and the built - in browser on a G1 we tested , and Flash videos work just fine there as well .
The browser touts compatibility with Flash videos , too , so we headed over to YouTube to try our hand at it ; it immediately detected the presence of a video and popped up the so - called " SkyBar " at the bottom of the screen , where you can press the Video button to load the video in a new window .
It does n't work embedded in the page , but considering how small your phone 's screen is , that 's really for the best -- you get the full - screen experience , and in our testing , it looked fantastic .
One downside is that you do n't seem to be able to scrub videos while they 're playing , but maybe this is something these guys can get patched up for the final release .
Follow the break for our full video !
One annoyance we 've noticed is that pinch - to - zoom works in " steps " -- it 's not smooth , which makes it pretty weird to use , but remember that Opera Mini does n't support it at all .
There are a lot of threads about doing homework , and about questions regarding homework .
Yet we still get tons of questions for the same things over and over ... see the same problems over and over ... so I 'm going to throw my hat in the ring of trying to cover these in one place rather than have so many people waste so many man-hours saying ...
Southern UNDER CONSTRUCTION
Two operating nuclear power plants sit next to the excavation site for Southern ’s planned new power plants ..
Text Size A A
The Obama Administration has offered to provide $ 8.33 billion in loan guarantees to back construction of two 1,100 - MW nuclear reactor power plants to be built in Burke , Ga. , by Southern , an electricity - generating company .
President Barack Obama made the announcement at a Maryland electrical union training facility on Feb. 16 , stressing his goal of creating new jobs by reviving an industry that produces 20 % of the nation 's electricity but has n't built a plant in 30 years .
Obama said that the project would result in " thousands " of construction jobs and 800 permanent jobs , as well as the elimination of 16 million tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year , the amount that would be emitted by an equivalent coal - fired plant .
Equating nuclear energy with renewable energy source — wind and solar — Obama said government support will help the U.S. export , rather than import , these technologies in the future .
The two plants are expected to cost about $ 14 billion , and Southern would build them next to two operating nuclear power plants .
Southern expects to have the reactors running by 2016 and 2017 .
But many bumps lie ahead .
Neither the reactor design nor the site has been fully approved by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
Last October , NRC announced flaws in the new Westinghouse AP1000 design that Southern wants to use .
NRC said the reactor ’s shield building for its primary containment structure was inadequate .
NRC spokesman Scott Burnell notes that NRC has approved an early site permit for Southern , which allows the utility to begin excavation .
NRC has also received Southern 's application for a combined construction and operating licence .
NRC estimates that it could approve Southern 's application by 2011 , but to do so , NRC would also have to have approved the AP1000 design , which is incomplete at this time , he says .
Critics worry about a loan default , which , under the loan guarantee , taxpayers would be forced to cover .
A report by the Congressional Budget Office raised such a concern when Congress was considering legislation to provide loan guarantees to build nuclear power plants .
The office warned that the default risk was high ; more than half of those receiving loans could default because of nuclear power ’s high construction costs and consequent high and uncompetitive electricity prices compared with that of electricity from natural gas - or coal - fired power plants .
Animated Pokéthulhu by
Aaron Williams
Hellishly cute eldritch horrors . . . eating human souls and strawberry ice cream with equal glee . . .
Pikathulhu and his friends !
Based on the John Kovalic cartoons from Dork Storm Press ' Pokéthulhu RPG , sculpted by Richard Kerr , this parody set is . . . insanely funny .
You get a giant Pikathulhu , a small Pikathulhu , his trainer , and four additional small thulhus .
Suggested retail price
Stock number 14-0101 ISBN 1-55634-526-7
Funny Business Seven Ideas to Beat the Crisis
Times are tough .
But not so tough , as it turns out , that you can't make a buck .
From bovine meditation to organic bird buffets , SPIEGEL ONLINE brings you seven strange business ideas that should never have worked -- but did .
und Cathrin Schaer Von Charles Hawley
Kelli Chapman escaped from her car ' badly shaken ' but ' without a cut ' .
Photograph : Wales News
A pregnant woman who stands 4ft 11in ( 1.49 m ) has cheated death thanks to her height after a giant girder smashed into her car .
Kelli Chapman , 26 , was at traffic lights when the 1.5 tonnes of steel fell from a passing lorry and ripped open her Golf GTi " like a tin can " .
Her father Rob said his daughter , of Ammanford , Carmarthenshire , would have died instantly if she been any taller .
" She is so incredibly lucky .
It really was a miracle , " he said .
Ms Chapman , an office worker who is three months pregnant , was heading home for lunch when the lorry took a corner in the centre of Ammanford .
The girder shot through her windscreen over her head in last month 's incident .
If she had been any taller - or even if if her car had been three inches closer to the kerb - the girder would have hit her directly on the head
Pc Rob Chapman , Kelli Chapman 's father
She managed to call her policeman father from inside the crushed vehicle to ask for help .
Pc Chapman , a community safety officer with Dyfed - Powys Police , said : " Kelli called me and said : ' Dad , some metal has fallen on my car . '
" But when I arrived at the scene I was just stunned .
" I could not believe what I was seeing .
It was carnage .
If she was not such a petite girl she would be dead .
" If she had been any taller - or even if if her car had been three inches closer to the kerb - the girder would have hit her directly on the head . "
Kelli Chapman said she was " so lucky " to have escaped unhurt
He added : " The car is a complete write - off but , incredibly , Kelli walked away without a cut .
" She is so incredibly lucky .
It really was a miracle . "
Ms Chapman said she saw the girder begin to move and " it came crashing down " .
She said : " It happened so suddenly .
I was trapped inside .
But I phoned my dad and he helped get me out .
" I 'm OK and so is my baby .
I 'm so lucky . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Turns out , those 2,800 precious pages of paper may well contain arcane provisions that deny all members of Congress , their staffs and other federal employees access to the wonderful healthcare plan they 've given themselves exclusively all these years while the rest of us commoners made do with what we had or did n't have ?
Well , how do you say " Ooops ! " in San Franciscan ?
Remember during that ever - civil healthcare debate that lasted for 10 % of this entire century when Democratic House Speaker Nancy " I Feel Fine , Why ? "
Pelosi said they'd have to pass President Obama 's healthcare legislation in order for us to find out what was in it ?
... in their eagerness to impose what Washington thinks is the proper kind of healthcare on all Americans , these currently - elected members of Congress may have screwed themselves out of the separate comprehensive coverage they thought they were going to get to keep for themselves .
( See congressional reaction in photo below . )
Moreover , as for its job evaluation , in the precise prose of Pear :
The confusion raises the inevitable question :
If they did not know exactly what they were doing to themselves , did lawmakers who wrote and passed the bill fully grasp the details of how it would influence the lives of other Americans ?
A series of recent polls have shown that a majority of Americans like the yet - to - be- implemented Obama healthcare bill so much that they 'd like to have it repealed .
Such an argument , also involving possibly not funding it , are certain to be key debate topics between Republicans and Democrats from now through the Nov. 2 midterm elections .
Obama , whose performance is now approved by slightly less than half of Americans , has nothing at stake that day -- indeed , other Democrats have asked him to stay away from their congressional campaigns .
But his Democratic Party sure does , controlling as it currently does healthy majorities in both the House and the Senate that the president strongly urged to vote for his plan .
Now , Pear of the N.Y .
Times has obtained an 8,100 - word memo from the Congressional Research Service finding that the new law may well " remove members of Congress and Congressional staff " from their current comprehensive plan long before an alternative is available .
The law does provide for people to retain the health coverage they like , as long as it exists anyway .
But the memo says Congress may have inadvertently not only excluded itself but not specified an effective date .
This could force Pelosi and Harry " Andrei , you 've lost another submarine ? "
Reid to take up the Obama healthcare bill a third time .
And this repair effort would place Democrats on the awkward side of restoring special programs for members of Congress only , a prospect no doubt relished by the Republican minority pushing for its own November change to believe in .
Related item :
Voter approval of Congress surges when members leave on vacation
-- Andrew Malcolm
Speaking of elections , vote here for Twitter alerts of each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot .
You can also go to our new Facebook fan page here .
Photo : Associated Press ; Getty Images .
Police in Masvingo have arrested four people suspected to be on a poaching expedition and recovered a 303 rifle fitted with a silencer and telescopic lance and 42 live rounds of ammunition .
Two others were arrested after they were found in possession of a fresh rhino horn which they failed to account for .
Confirming the arrest to Sunday News last Thursday , police spokesman for Masvingo Province Inspector Tinaye Matake said police in Mwenezi arrested Freedom Chiradza ( 35 ) , Almon Ndlovu ( 32 ) , Humbulani Ndou ( 32 ) and Rueben Sibanda ( 43 ) in the Mbuyana Conservancy in Mwenezi .
Further investigations by the police led to the arrest of Loveness Moyo ( 35 ) and Rogers Mukwena ( 40 ) who were found in possession of a rhino horn that they also failed to account for .
To Read the Article … Click Here
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Mushroom Madness 2
It 's like a whack - a- mole game on steroids !
Swing your racket or club , fire guns , place traps and grab coins as you try to prevent the hungry animals from stealing your mushrooms .
The climate scientists at the centre of a media storm over emails released on the internet were disorganised but did not fudge their results , an independent inquiry into the affair reported today .
The inquiry , the second of three set up in the wake of the controversy , found " absolutely no evidence of any impropriety whatsoever " , according to Lord Oxburgh , who led the investigation .
Instead , Oxburgh said , many of the criticisms and assertions of scientific misconduct were likely made by people " who do not like the implications of some the conclusions " reached by the climate experts .
He said the allegations made against the scientists at the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , including its director Phil Jones , were serious enough to end their careers if proven correct .
Oxburgh said : " Whatever was said in the emails , the basic science seems to have been done fairly and properly . "
The review gave scientific processes at CRU " a clean bill of health " but did raise some issues of concern .
Record - keeping was patchy , it said , while the scientists did not use the best possible statistical techniques to analyse their data .
David Hand , a statistician at Imperial College London , who sat on the enquiry panel , said the CRU scientists had been naive over their use of statistics , but there was no evidence that the better techniques would have produced different results .
Poor record - keeping was common among scientists , Oxburgh said , while the CRU experts could not have anticipated the future public interest in what had been an " unfashionable " area of science for much of their careers .
The review analysed 11 key scientific papers produced by the CRU scientists over the last 20 years , which included key findings on global warming used in several reports from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
Oxburgh said the scientific papers contained the necessary caveats and expressions of uncertainty where required .
But he criticised the way these caveats were often stripped away when such research was presented by other bodies , such as the media , government agencies and the IPCC .
Oxburgh singled out a graph of global temperature used in a 1999 report for the World Meteorological Association , which spliced three different data sets , as an " unfortunate representation of a very complex piece of science " .
The graph was prepared by CRU experts , and was the subject of the infamous email from Jones in which he described how he had used a " trick " to " hide the decline " .
Jones said the relevant error ranges were included in the WMO document .
At a press conference to launch the review 's findings , Hand re-ignited a long - standing row about a high - profile study published in 1998 by scientists led by Michael Mann at Penn State University , US .
The paper featured an emblematic graph known as the " hockey - stick " that showed temperature rise in the twentieth century was unprecedented in recent history .
Hand said the study gave him an " uneasy feeling " because it used " inappropriate statistical tools " .
The hockey - stick effect was genuine , Hand said , but the 1998 paper exaggerated it .
He praised Steve McIntyre , a Canadian climate blogger who led much of the criticism of the CRU scientists , for identifying the problem .
Mann told the Guardian that the 1998 study had been approved by the US National Academy of Science and Hand had offered a " rogue opinion " that " should not be given much attention or credence " .
Oxburgh said sustained requests to CRU scientists for data and computer codes from McIntyre and others could have amounted to a campaign of harassment , and that the affair left several unresolved questions about how Freedom of Information laws should be applied in an academic context .
The report also said it was " unfortunate " that the UK government had introduced widely copied policies to charge for environmental data sets , such as those used by the CRU scientists and requested by critics .
The move impeded the flow of data between researchers , it added .
The Oxburgh review follows a report on the CRU emails last month from the Commons Science and Technology Select Committee , which also cleared the scientists involved of wrongdoing .
A third enquiry , led by Sir Muir Russell , is due to report next month .
FAQs
Why did this review take place ?
The university set up the inquiry after the controversy caused by the release of thousands of emails from its climate scientists on the internet last November .
Critics and climate sceptics used them to claim that the scientists behind many influential climate studies were up to no good , and that the problem was exaggerated .
Did the enquiry agree ?
No .
It said that the scientists acted honestly and with a genuine desire to report the truth .
They were not perfect , but their failure to keep all paperwork for decades - old studies did not influence the findings .
So the scientists are off the hook ?
Not yet .
A third and final report on the affair is due next month from a panel led by Sir Muir Russell .
That will take a deeper look at the culture and behaviour inside the university 's climate department .
It is likely to take a dim view of the way they responded to requests made under Freedom of Information laws .
Is the report a whitewash ?
Some will say so .
Oxburgh has links to groups that will profit from policies to tackle global warming , which critics argue is a conflict of interest .
The reality of global warming , however , was never in doubt , and the enquiry was concerned with the behaviour of a handful of scientists .
The review took less than a month to complete , though Oxburgh says it was thorough .
A new system for assessing whether or not the sick and disabled are capable of working has been proven to be flawed , and is wrongly finding seriously ill people ready to work , a document published today reveals .
People with advanced Parkinson 's Disease or Multiple Sclerosis , with severe mental illness , or awaiting open heart surgery have been registered as fit to work , according to the report by the Citizens Advice Bureau .
The Employment and Support Allowance ( ESA ) was introduced in October 2008 to replace Incapacity Benefit .
The reformed system was designed to give greater support to those deemed able to return to some form of work .
A revised fitness for work test was introduced at the same time for all new claimants , based on a principle of looking at what people can do rather than what they cannot do , but Citizens Advice found that the assessment has often been inaccurate and was not sufficiently sensitive to " the complexities of many illnesses and disabilities " .
" People with serious illnesses and disabilities who could not reasonably be expected to work are being found fit for work , " the report states .
" Many of these people are too ill to sign on , or are not eligible for any other benefit , and so are left with reduced incomes and no help or support to find work . "
Between last October and December , 22,618 people consulted Citizens Advice offices about the ESA , the vast majority of them with concerns about the work capability assessment – the new system designed to appraise someone 's potential to work .
Advisers working for Citizens Advice have expressed " grave concern " about the number of people unexpectedly being found fit for work .
The charity is calling for a full review of the system , a rethink that would reassess who should be eligible for the benefit , and study the accuracy of the medical assessments .
Responding to the report , the Department for Work and Pensions said the medical assessment system was being adapted and changes would soon be announced that would make it more sensitive to the needs of cancer sufferers , people with learning disabilities and autism , and those with fluctuating conditions .
Part of the problem to date has been that closed questions on the medical assessment form do not allow people to describe their illnesses , but simply require yes or no responses about whether they are able to stand , or sit , or walk a certain distance .
The CAB 's report highlights concern that not enough attention has been given to the impact of mental health issues on the ability to work , and warns that the new test does not properly recognise the effects of pain and exhaustion .
" Seriously ill and disabled people are being severely let down by the crude approach of the Work Capability Assessment .
A much more sophisticated approach is needed , that not only looks at a person 's ability to undertake a certain task on the day of the test , but considers supporting medical evidence and other aspects , such as the variability of a person 's condition , " David Harker , chief executive of Citizens Advice said .
" We are very concerned about the 69 per cent of people assessed who are refused ESA . "
Under the new regime , seriously ill people are obliged to undergo the work capability assessments whereas under the old system , if a claimant was deemed to be critically unwell , information provided by their doctor would exempt them from an assessment .
The report cites the example of an engineer in his 50s who had recently undergone a triple bypass for heart disease and was being treated for incurable stomach and liver cancer , who was deemed fit for work .
During his assessment he said that he walked daily ( as part of his convalescence regime ) and that he was able to raise his hands above his head ; as a result he was registered ready to start looking for work .
Sue Royston , the author of the study , said that most disability organisations had been supportive of the changed system when it was first announced , welcoming the extra support it offered those who had some level of incapacity but who wanted to work .
However , concerns began emerging once the changes were implemented .
" This is a systemic problem .
Bureaux up and down the country are reporting that very seriously ill people are being found fit for work , " she said .
Changes have so far only affected new claimants , but Yvette Cooper , work and pensions secretary , said the government would press ahead with next stage of reforming the Incapacity Benefit system and will next week announce plans to start retesting the more than two million people currently claiming the old Incapacity Benefit .
" In order to lift millions from a lifetime of benefit dependency , doctors will assess 10,000 long term sickness benefit claimants each week , " a DWP statement announced .
In response to the CAB report , Jonathan Shaw , Minister for Disabled people , said : " We are already adapting the test and will continue to work with organisations like CAB to make sure their concerns are addressed .
We want to be sure that the assessment fully takes into account all conditions , including autism and learning disabilities .
To be clear , people who are about to undergo cancer treatment will be exempt from the assessment . "
I love GitHub .
They make it fun and easy to get involved with open source projects !
By recognising coding as a social endeavour , they 've possibly even changed the very nature of open source development .
But as great as they are , there 's not much of a “ GitHub ecosystem ” .
In comparison to say Twitter apps , the number of GitHub apps are few and far between .
Would n't it be great if we could build our own apps like wikis on top of GitHub repositories ?
Perhaps someone would create a peer - to - peer publishing platform or perhaps a web app which stores plain text data in public repos instead of in opaque databases ?
I believe GitHub has the potential to become a truly awesome platform .
They already have a decent API — imagine what would be possible if it supported the following features :
API to Update The Repository via HTTP Back in 2008 , I managed to get my girlfriend to use GitHub .
The poor girl heroically struggled through with Git on the command line before eventually giving up after a few months .
The fact is , most people are more comfortable using web apps than with command line tools .
It 'd be awesome to let them benefit from Git without having to expose them to the command line .
It 'd also be nice for developers if GitHub exposed functionality to modify files in a repository over HTTP instead of having to resort to libraries like grit and dulwich .
This would make it much easier to develop web apps leveraging Git. GitHub already has support for editing files from the web browser by POST - ing to /: user / : repo / tree - save / : branch /: path — it'd be cool if they could just expose this via an API : / tree / save / :user / : repo/: branch /: path
This should take 6 parameters and return the new commit ID : parents =>
The IDs of the parent commits [ optional ]
data =>
The updated content for the specified path
mode =>
The new mode for the blob [ defaults to 100644 ]
message =>
The commit message
committer =>
The committer [ defaults to the authenticated user ]
author =>
The commit author [ defaults to the committer ]
There should be a complementary API for deleting files : / tree / remove / : user / : repo/: branch/:path
And , most importantly , an API for creating new files with the same parameters as / tree / save : / tree/add/:user/:repo/:branch/:path
It would be nice to have a utility API call for renaming files too : / tree/rename / :user / : repo/:branch/:path
Which would only have to specify 5 parameters : parent =>
The ID of the parent commit [ optional ]
new_path =>
The new path for the blob at : path
message =>
The commit message
committer =>
The committer [ defaults to the authenticated user ]
author =>
The commit author [ defaults to the committer ]
All the above API calls should result in the : branch ref being updated to point to the new commit ID and create a new ref where the branch did n't previously exist .
API to Access Compare Views GitHub has wicked support for doing code reviews via what they call compare views .
This feature allows one to see the commits , diffs and comments between any 2 refs .
You have to see it in action to realise how awesome this is : http://github.com/jquery/jquery/compare/omgrequire
Unfortunately , this feature is not exposed via the API in any way .
It would be very cool to be able to access it : / compare / : user / : repo/[:startRef ...] :endRef
That should return the commits , diffs and comments for the commit range .
That is , everything necessary to recreate the GitHub compare view .
API to Manage Service Hooks GitHub already supports extension via post - receive hooks .
This allows you to register URLs as web hooks for any repository .
GitHub will POST to these URLs with JSON data whenever someone does a git push to the repository .
It makes it very easy to do things in response to changes to your repositories .
I 've already found it very useful for everything from triggering build slaves to notifying IRC channels via gitbot .py — which in turn even triggers regeneration of this blog !
Unfortunately it 's a real pain to get users to edit their service hooks .
It 'd be great if applications could do this on a user 's behalf .
The API could be extended to list all service hooks : / repos/ hooks / :user /:repo
It should be very easy to add and remove hooks : / repos/ hooks / :user / : repo/add
/repos/hooks / :user /:repo/remove
Which would take a single POST - ed parameter : url =>
The post - receive URL
This tiny feature would make it a lot more attractive for application developers as it would make building apps integrated with GitHub very easy !!
A Way to Pay for API Use GitHub currently specifies API limits of 60 requests per minute .
This works out as a generous 86,400 requests / day per user .
But as an application developer I 'd rather not be limited .
In fact , seeing as GitHub already has my billing details , I 'd be quite happy to pay something like $ 20 per million requests — which should more than cover the bandwidth costs .
I 'm quite confident that interesting applications could be built using the API which would lead to productivity increases which would more than make up for the cost .
To facilitate this , billing would need to be enabled and the authentication extended with : api_key =>
The API key for the developer
signature =>
The signature for the API request
The signature would be derived by HMAC - ing the request parameters with a shared api_secret_key corresponding to the api_key .
This would be used to bypass limits and bill for the API requests whereas the existing login and token parameters would be used for the authentication .
Given GitHub 's impressive infrastructure and talent , it should be relatively easy for them to add these 4 small features .
But like any group of hackers , they need to be convinced that it'd be worthwhile adding these features .
Perhaps you could ask them for these features ?
Perhaps you could leave a comment with what kind of awesome apps you would create with these features in place ?
Or perhaps just follow me on GitHub : github.com /tav .
In any case , let me know what you think .
Thanks !
‘ From the studio that brought you ‘ Brokeback Mountain , ’ ” intones the preview for the light comedy “ Let ’s Go To Prison , ” “ comes a penetrating look at the American penal system . ”
In case that was too subtle for you , the DVD box features a dropped bar of soap , just waiting for some poor inmate to bend over to pick it up -- and suffer a hilarious sexual assault in the process .
Or maybe you ’re not feeling up for a movie .
It ’s more of a board - game afternoon .
How about picking up “ Do n’t Drop the Soap , ” a board game created by the son of Gov. Kathleen Sebelius of Kansas .
The game “ is simply intended for entertainment , ” said Nicole Corcoran , the governor ’s spokeswoman .
What , after all , could be more entertaining then trying to “ avoid being cornered by the Aryans in the shower room ” ( one of the goals of the game , according to its promotional material ) ?
Here in Washington , however , the weather has been beautiful lately , so if you were bored last week , you might have wanted to do something out of the house .
One option would have been going down to the Department of Justice , where , on the third floor , officials were holding hearings on prison rape , interrogating administrators from some of the worst prisons in the nation about the abuses that go on within their walls .
These hearings are held annually .
This year ’s transcripts are n’t online yet , but in 2006 you could have heard a man named Clinton explain , “ I had no choice but to enter into a relationship with another inmate in my dorm in order to keep the rest of them off of me .
In exchange for his protection from other inmates , I had to be with him sexually any time he demanded it .
It was so humiliating , and I often cried silently at night in my bed ... but dealing with one is better than having 10 or more men demanding sex from you at any given time . ”
Advertisement
Clinton ’s testimony was n’t very funny , and it was n’t for entertainment .
Nor was the 2001 report by Human Rights Watch , “ No Escape , ” which included a letter from an inmate confessing that “ I have no more feelings physically .
I have been raped by up to five black men and two white men at a time .
I ’ve had knifes at my head and throat .
I had fought and been beat so hard that I did n’t ever think I ’d see straight again . ”
Prison rape occupies a fairly odd space in our culture .
It is , all at once , a cherished source of humor , a tacitly accepted form of punishment and a broadly understood human rights abuse .
We pass legislation called the Prison Rape Elimination
Act at the same time that we produce films meant to explore the funny side of inmate sexual brutality .
Occasionally , we even admit that prison rape is a quietly honored part of the punishment structure for criminals .
When Enron ’s Ken Lay was sentenced to jail , for instance , Bill Lockyer , then the attorney general of California , spoke dreamily of his desire “ to personally escort Lay to an 8 - by - 10 cell that he could share with a tattooed dude who says , ‘ Hi , my name is Spike , honey . ’ ”
The culture is rife with similar comments .
Although it would be unthinkable for the government today to institute corporal punishment in prisons , there is little or no outrage when the government interns prisoners in institutions where their fellow inmates will brutally violate them .
We wo n’t touch you , but we ca n’t be held accountable for the behavior of Spike , now can we ?
Advertisement
As our jokes and cultural products show , we can claim no ignorance .
We know of the abuses , and we know of the rapes .
Research by the University of South Dakota ’s Cindy Struckman - Johnson found that 20 % of prisoners reported being coerced or pressured into sex , and 10 % said they were violently raped .
In a 2007 survey by the U.S. Department of Justice , more than 60,000 inmates claimed to have been sexually victimized by other inmates during the previous 12 months .
Given the stigma around admitting such harms , the true numbers are probably substantially higher .
But by and large , we seem to find more humor than outrage in these crimes .
In part , this simply reflects the nature of our criminal justice system , which has become decreasingly rehabilitative and increasingly retributive .
In the 1970s , as economist Glenn Loury has written , “ the corrections system was commonly seen as a way to prepare offenders to rejoin society .
Since then , the focus has shifted from rehabilitation to punishment and stayed there . ”
On the campaign trail , Mike Huckabee put it even more pithily .
“ We lock up a lot of people that we ’re mad at , ” he liked to say .
“ Not the ones we ’re really afraid of . ”
Criminals are n’t sent to prison so they can learn to live outside of prison ; they ’re sent to prison to get what they deserve .
And that paves the way for the acceptance of all manners of brutal abuses .
It ’s not that we condone prison rape per se , but it does n’t exactly concern us , and occasionally , as in the comments made by Lockyer , we take a perverse satisfaction in its existence .
Advertisement
Morally , our tacit acceptance of violence within prisons is grotesque .
But it ’s also counterproductive .
Research by economists Jesse Shapiro and Keith Chen suggests that violent prisons make prisoners more violent after they leave .
When your choice is between the trauma of hardening yourself so no one will touch you or the trauma of prostituting yourself so you ’re protected from attack , either path leads away from rehabilitation and psychological adjustment .
And we , as a society , endure the consequences -- both because it leads ex-cons to commit more crime on the streets and because more of them end up back to jail .
A recent report released by the Pew Center on the States revealed that more than one in 100 Americans is now behind bars .
California alone spends $ 8.8 billion a year on its imprisoned population -- a 216 % increase over what it paid 20 years ago , even after adjusting for inflation .
That ’s money , of course , that ca n’t be spent on schools , on job training , on wage supports and drug treatment .
Money , in other words , that ca n’t be spent on all the priorities that keep people out of prison .
Money that ’s spent instead on housing prisoners in a violent , brutal and counterproductive atmosphere .
And there ’s nothing funny about that .
Howell Raines hit out at Fox News for ruining political debate .
But it 's not just Fox .
By softballing and coddling interviewees , all of television news has helped politicians get away with appalling lies , distortions and … being Sarah Palin .
Put simply : almost without exception , American political interviewers fawn and simper over their subjects , refuse to ask a question more than once and never call bullshit on blatant bullshit .
If anchors , interviewers and White House correspondents did their job — to hold elected officials accountable , by their lapels if necessary — politicians of all stripes could not get away with distorting and outright lying , as they do now .
Rove -ian veneers would simply be scraped away by the eight words ' that is not true , please answer my question ' .
Repeated enough on ABC , CBS , NBC , CNN and MSNBC they 'd mean no birthers .
No myths about healthcare or rumors of death panels .
No paranoid lies about creeping socialism .
No George W. Bush .
No Sarah Palin .
Take , for example , Palin 's 2008 claim to ABC 's Charlie Gibson that because she could " actually see Russia from land here in Alaska , " she had foreign policy experience .
Imagine if he'd thrown it directly back to her with follow - up questions .
What bearing does this have on your ability to make policy ?
Are you seriously telling us that your qualifications are based on proximity ?
I put it to you , Governor Palin , that if you have to rely on such a shabby justification , you are woefully lacking .
The resulting stammering and incoherence would have sent her limping back to Wasilla .
Instead she was , and is , coddled .
There is a quote passed around in British journalism , which has a more robust tradition .
Every interviewer is instructed to ask themselves , when facing a politician , " why is this bastard lying to me ? "
Jeremy Paxman , a BBC interrogator , once asked a very senior member of the government a question 14 times ( video here , skip to about 3.30 ) simply because he evaded it .
Next time Republican Congressman Eric Cantor is on your TV lying glibly about his party 's " no cost jobs plan , " or a government takeover of healthcare , picture an interviewer like Paxman , with the facts at his or her fingertips , making him eat his falsehoods live on air .
Then consider how that might affect the level of honesty in his next appearance .
It is not easy to be confrontational .
These are wealthy , powerful , intimidating people who can choose who they talk to .
So reporters make an excuse for practicing Hollywood - style access journalism : they claim their job is to ask the questions , air the responses and let the people judge .
They are mere conduits .
This , to be frank , is pathetic .
Take a look at the dysfunction in DC for evidence .
All the stations , from Fox to MSNBC , are doing is validating absurd lies by airing them as news .
Politicians should fear , to their very cores , being interviewed by people other than Jon Stewart .
We need to stop blaming Fox , and start asking questions .
Repeatedly .
The whisteblower website WikiLeaks — which exploded onto the national stage earlier this month after it released a video recording showing US servicemembers shooting two reporters and six others to death — says they plan to release another , even more harrowing clip .
The clip will show previously classified footage from US warplanes that had been tapped to bomb Taliban positions in Farah province , Afghanistan last year .
Adds the UK Telegraph : “ The Afghan government said at the time that the strikes by F - 18 and B1 planes near Granai killed 147 civilians .
An independent Afghan inquiry later put the toll at 86 . ”
“ Video footage of the strike could prove highly damaging to the Nato - led coalition if it showed pilots failing to safeguard civilian lives , ” the paper continues .
As recently as today , Afghanis protested the deaths of four other civilians who were killed when US forces fired on a bus on Monday .
About 200 men took to the streets of Kandahar to demonstrate over the killings on a highway outside the southern Afghan city , burning tyres and shouting “ death to America , death to Karzai , death to this government ” .
Hours later , three Taliban militants wearing suicide vests and carrying guns tried to storm the office of Afghanistan ’s premier spy agency in Kandahar , sparking a shoot - out with security forces .
The incidents reflected chronic insecurity in the province of Kandahar , where US - led military forces are preparing a major push to dislodge the Taliban from their spiritual capital .
The Afghan government said a woman and a child were among the dead and 18 others were wounded in the shooting , which occurred when the bus neared a NATO convoy on the highway linking Kandahar and the western province of Herat .
Join the fight now !
The Battlefield Bad Company 2 Squad Pack is now available on Steam !
Buy 4 copies of the game for the price of 3 and gift the extra copies to your friends .
This special will expire on April 2 .
CHP is based on CSP , a formal process calculus .
CSP has a model - checker , FDR ( among other tools ) , that is free for academic use for dealing with CSP .
It would be great if we could take our CHP programs and prove them correct using FDR , e.g. prove them deadlock free .
To properly translate a CHP program into its CSP model requires full semantics - based processing of the program ’s source code , including all the functional parts ( including tackling things like writeChannelStrict c undefined ) .
But what if , at least for simple programs , we did n’t need to go to these lengths ?
In this multi-part guide , I will introduce a technique to generate CSP models from CHP programs without source code analysis .
The programmer would make one small alteration to the imports of a program and then : instead of executing properly , the program would spit out its own CSP model which we could feed to FDR .
This technique involves redefining the CHP monad and all the CHP primitives so that the program spits out its model rather than actually executing .
The technique is very limited in some regards , and I ’ll try to point out the limitations as we go along .
But hopefully it will be interesting to show what you can do by redefining your monad ( see also : the Concurrent Haskell Debugger , and the Beauty in the Beast paper ) .
Explaining my technique will take several posts — for today , I will focus on the definition of the specification type , the CHP monad — and redefining the runParallel function .
Specification Type
We start by defining a type to represent a CSP model .
An introduction to CSP can be found in a previous post , but if you know CHP then the CSP model type has a fairly straightforward correspondence to CHP code .
The type of the specification is as follows :
data SpecItem ' proc comm = Par [ Spec ' proc comm ] |
Alt [ Spec ' proc comm ] | Call proc | Sync comm | Stop | Repeat ( Spec ' proc comm ) deriving ( Show ) type Spec ' proc comm = [ SpecItem ' proc comm ]
The main Spec ' list type is a chronological sequence of processes in the model .
The types are parameterised by proc ( the type that identifies a process ) and comm ( the type that identifies a communication / synchronisation ) .
We will explain these types in a future part of the guide ; for now , we will use the opaque types Process Id and CommId :
type SpecItem = SpecItem ' ProcessId CommId type Spec = Spec' Process
Id CommId type SpecMod = Spec ->
Spec finalise :: SpecMod ->
Spec finalise f = f [ ]
The SpecMod type is a function that modifies a specification .
We will compose several of these functions while building the model — and at the end , we can use the finalise function to turn a SpecMod function into an actual Spec , by applying the function to the empty sequence .
Redefining the CHP monad
These specification types are used in our redefinition of the CHP monad .
The main part of the new CHP monad is a monad transformer CHPSpecT that permits building of specifications on top of an existing ( book - keeping ) monad .
The monad is as follows :
newtype CHPSpecT m r = CHPSpecT {runSpecT :: forall b. ( r -> m ( b , SpecMod ) ) -> m ( b , SpecMod ) }
For those of you playing monad transformer bingo at home , CHPSpecT is effectively the unrolled version of forall b. ContT b ( WriterT SpecMod ) , and will later be used on top of StateT .
As with ContT , the monad instance itself makes no reference to the underlying monad , so it is surprisingly simple :
instance Monad m => Monad ( CHPSpecT m ) where return x = CHPSpecT ( $ x ) m >>= k = CHPSpecT $ \c -> runSpecT m $ \a -> runSpecT ( k a ) c
The road to hell is paved with monad explanations , but here goes .
The r -> m ( b , SpecMod ) item takes a value of type “ r ” ( for red ) and gives back an item of type “ b ” ( for blue ) along with a specification modifying function .
We can envisage that item as follows :
The values pass left to right in the top half ( turning red to blue ) , while the model actually passes in the opposite direction .
Our models are effectively built backwards , with each SpecMod function modifying all future specifications to produce a current specification .
We can now diagram our CHP monad as follows :
Given a circled value of the aforementioned type r -> m ( b , SpecMod ) ( the lambda is used to indicate that this is an argument ) , a CHP item will give back something of type m ( b , SpecMod ) ; this is drawn on the right as a blue item with a straight left edge ( to indicate it has no input ) , paired with a specification - modifying function .
You can pick all sorts of holes in these diagrams , but I hope they will be useful in explaining various uses of this monad as the guide continues .
CHP Monad Helper Functions
The CHP monad itself has no real logic involved ; all the logic is actually captured in other functions , two of which I will introduce here , beginning with finSpecT :
finSpecT :: Monad m => CHPSpecT m r -> m ( r , Spec ) finSpecT = liftM ( second finalise ) .
flip runSpecT ( \x -> return ( x , id ) )
The finSpecT function is used to run the CHPSpecT transformer ; it returns a value and a model .
Once it has the return value paired with the corresponding model - changing function , it makes the latter into a model by finalising it ( applying it to the empty specification ) .
The result of this latter operation can be visualised below ; the composite item has an unmodified return value , but has its specification - modifying function applied to the empty specification ( the empty list ) :
The second function is addSpecT1 :
addSpecT1 :: forall m r. Monad m => m ( r , SpecItem ) -> CHPSpecT m r addSpecT1 m = CHPSpecT $ \k -> m >>= apply k where apply :: ( r -> m ( b , SpecMod ) ) -> ( r , SpecItem ) -> m ( b , SpecMod ) apply k ( x , s ) = liftM ( second ( (s :) . ) ) $ k x
The addSpecT1 function encapsulates the logic for sequencing ; it takes a monadic action that gives a return value paired with a corresponding single specification item , and turns all that into a CHPSpecT item that adds the item to the model .
The diagram is below ; the addSpecT1 takes a parameter ( the outermost lambda ) and gives back a CHP item that takes an inner continuation parameter ( the lambda inside the box ) .
The value of the outer parameter is passed to the continuation , and the specification item of the outer parameter ( a trapezoid named “ s ” ) is adjoined to the front of the result of the specification - modifying function of the continuation :
Parallel Composition
For parallel composition , we take each branch of the parallel composition and finalise it into a specification ( using finSpecT ) , then add the Par constructor and join it on to the front of future specifications :
runParallel :: [ CHP a ] -> CHP [ a ] runParallel = addSpecT1 . liftM ( second Par . unzip ) .
mapM finSpecT
We can again diagram this :
Hmmm , hopefully that makes it clearer !
The finalised parts of the parallel specification ( which were run sequentially — no need for actual parallelism during model generation ) are shown on the left : their return values are formed into a list of values ( following the arrows at the top of the diagram ) that is passed to the continuation , while their models are put into a list with a Par constructor ( following the arrows at the bottom of the diagram ) , and this is prepended to the sequence from future models .
Example
We can now given an example of the model generated for a program with parallel composition .
This example is particularly simple , as I do n’t want to use features that I have n’t yet explained .
Here is a plain CHP program , that synchronises on various barriers in parallel :
import Control .
Concurrent .CHP
syncOn :: [ String ] -> CHP ( ) syncOn = mapM_ syncOnIndiv where syncOnIndiv :: String -> CHP ( ) syncOnIndiv name = do b <- newBarrierWithLabel name enroll b syncBarrier p :: CHP ( ) p = runParallel_ [ syncOn [ " a " , " b " ] , syncOn [ " c " , " d " ] , syncOn [ " e " ] ] main :: IO ( ) main = runCHP_ p
This program will compile , and can be executed normally .
To get a model of this program , rather than executing it , we only need change the top and bottom lines ; we import a different module , and change the outermost - call to runCHP_ to specify :
import Control .Concurrent .CHPSpec ... processes as before main :: IO ( ) main = specify True p >>= putStrLn
The program will again compile ( against a different library ) , but this time when it is executed it will output the following model , ready to be read into the FDR model - checker or another formal tool for CSP :
channel a channel b channel c channel d channel e main_1 = ( (( a -> b -> SKIP ) | || (( c -> d -> SKIP ) | || ( (e -> SKIP ) ) ) ) ) main = main_0
In the next part of the guide , we will examine exactly how these models are printed — and after that we will cover model generation for CHP ’s other primitives .
A Boulder climbing gym is taking heat from conservatives for its solar array , which was partly paid for with federal economic stimulus dollars .
On Friday , right - wing talk show host Sean Hannity listed the 100 - kilowatt solar array at Movement Climbing and Fitness as second on his list of the “ 102 worst ways the president ’s stimulus bill has wasted your money . ”
“ And the No. 2 entry on our list is a climbing gym in Boulder , Colorado , that has received more than $ 150,000 for a new solar panel array on its roof , ” Hannity said on his opinion show that airs on the Fox News channel .
“ Now , are n’t there a few mountains in Colorado where people can climb actual rocks outside under the real sun ? ”
The No. 1 worst waste of stimulus dollars , according to Hannity ’s team , was the $ 9.3 million awarded to a Harvard research team to build robotic bees .
The tiny robots could be used for a variety of tasks , according to Harvard , including traffic monitoring , weather and climate mapping , exploration of hazardous environments , military surveillance and crop pollination .
In September , the solar array on the roof of the Movement climbing gym was one of 12 renewable - energy projects to receive $ 502 million in stimulus funding from the federal government as part of a new program that provides cash in lieu of tax credits .
Now , many renewable - energy projects — including wind , solar and geothermal installations — can apply for a tax credit for up to 30 percent of the cost .
The grant program , made possible by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act , is meant to defray prohibitive installation costs with an up - front cash grant instead of an after - the - fact tax credit .
Hannity ’s decision to call out Movement Climbing and Fitness came a few months after U.S. Sens. John McCain , R - Ariz. , and Tom Coburn , R - Okla . , chided the project in their own report in December .
The “ Stimulus Checkup ” sought to illustrate how “ billions of dollars of stimulus funding have been wasted , mismanaged , or directed towards silly and shortsighted projects . ”
“ Boulder , Colorado , is home to more than 91,000 residents and sits on the edge of Rocky Mountain National Park , making it the envy of rock climbers everywhere , ” the report says .
“ If that was n’t enough , Boulder is also home to several indoor rock climbing gyms .
“ But thanks in part to a federal renewable energy grant of $ 157,800 , one indoor climbing facility stands out : Movement Climbing and Fitness .
The gym received a Department of Energy grant to subsidize up to 30 percent of the cost of a ‘ solar - electric and thermal - hot - water system . ' ”
Anne Worley Moelter — co-owner of the gym , which opened last summer — said she read the report from McCain and Coburn and also heard about Hannity ’s comments on Friday .
“ We read it and were like , ‘ You ’ve got to be kidding me . ’
It ’s very hard for us to understand why they think that it ’s a waste , ” she said .
“ We ’re putting energy back into the grid .
We ’ve provided Boulder with 50 new jobs . …
I think it ’s just a political scheme of , “ How can we point out what this administration is doing wrong . ' ”
Geoff Miller , technical sales engineer for Lighthouse Solar , which installed the panels on Movement ’s roof , said he and his colleagues also found McCain ’s and Hannity ’s comments to be ridiculous .
“ We got a kick out of it — it ’s just political football , ” he said .
“ They just do n’t understand what is really going on with renewable energy . ”
Miller said that both conservative digs seemed to focus on the fact that the solar array was installed on a climbing gym — McCain implied that Boulder did n’t need another climbing gym and Hannity noted that people could go outside and climb instead of going to the gym .
But , Miller said , the real benefit is that solar was installed at all , not where it was installed .
The net result is that a new business is not creating a greater demand for energy from fossil fuels ; instead , it ’s relying on carbon - free renewable energy .
“ It could go anywhere , ” he said .
“ It could go on a bowling alley .
It could go on an abandoned building .
And it ’s not like ( Movement ) made money off of it .
They still put up quite a bit of cash . ”
McCain ’s office did not respond to a request for comment on Monday , and Fox News directed the Camera to the transcript from Hannity ’s show for official comment .
Contact Camera Staff Writer Laura Snider at 303-473-1327 or sniderl@dailycamera.com .
If any of those nodes ' distance is smaller than the current best .
If there exists a partition ( branch ) that might contain points with smaller distances .
That 's done by comparing the distance between the point we 're searching for and the splitting point on the adjacent partition ( the sibling of the node currently being examined ) and the current best distance .
I am taking a Pattern Recognition course this semester , it 's not really one of my favourite topics but I am doing OK .
We had an assignment last week to test and compare different classification algorithms .
One of the algorithms we were asked to implement was KNN ( K Nearest Neighbours ) .
We were asked to find a way that makes searching for the K Nearest Neighbours faster ; that 's what this post about .
The problem briefly is that : Given two sets of K dimensional points find the N nearest points ( using Euclidean distance or any other measurement ) to a K dimensional point X. Go through the list , find the distance between X and all the points in the two sets , get the smallest N elements in the distances list ...
Simple enough .
As part of our assignment we were given a dataset of 100,000 points which proved this algorithm to be very slow .
I thought that it was easy to index the points in a way that makes it efficient to find the nearest points to a given point .
Multiple Dimensional Sorting ...
It was totally wrong because two points might have the same values of m dimensions but the values of the other ( K - m ) dimensions put them far away from each other .
There are different ways to index K Dimensional Points based on how near they are to each other .
I will mention here KD - Trees .
K dimensional trees is a binary tree that is based on space partitioning .
It 's used to index multi-dimensional data .
The idea behind it is using the tree to navigate through space partitions while decreasing the size of each partition as you go through the tree .
The figure represents a simple 3d - tree .
The dimensions are X , Y and Z. Constructing such a tree is much similar to a conventional binary search tree but differs in only that splitting mechanism uses a different dimension at each level and keeps iterating on them in the same order .
The root point in the figure splits the space into two partitions X>5 and X < 5 .
On the second level of the tree the X> 5 partition is split into two partitions Y>3 and Y < 3 and so on .
So as you can see by navigating through the tree you get a good approximation of the nearest points to the point you 're searching for .
But because the point you 're searching for might be on the edge of one of the partitions a normal binary search will not always yield the correct the real nearest neighbour so re-checking is needed .
To do that re-checking the algorithm saves the point obtained by a normal binary search as the current best .
Then it iterates on the nodes already visisted in the tree to check for two things :
I have made a simple implementation of KD - Trees and a nearest neighbour search algorithm in matlab .
You can find it here
You 'll recall that a few weeks ago , we interviewed the IMF on why it had blocked investor Eric Sprott 's attempt to buy gold from the fund .
We then spoke with Eric Sprott and the Gold Anti-Trust Action Committee , better known as GATA for their take on the matter .
Along the way , both GATA and Sprott suggested we ask the IMF some questions that the fund has avoided answering in the past .
So we did .
They were :
What are the incentives for the IMF not to sell gold on the open market or to investors , be it institutional or retail ?
What are the designated depositories for gold ?
Did gold physically change hands with the banks you have sold to so far or was the transaction basically bookkeeping stuff ( the IMF still holds the physical gold in this case ) ?
Are there available records on the actual serial numbers of bullion ?
How is the gold at the IMF tracked and accounted for ?
When the IMF says it will " phase out " the sal of available gold , could you be more specific ?
What amount of gold in regard to what amount of time .
Does IMF support a need for total transparency in the sale of gold despite the effects it could have on various markets ?
The official response from Alistair Thomson , the IMF 's media guy , was :
" I looked through your message ; we do n’t have anything more for you on this . "
Interesting , considering the IMF refused to answer similar questions posed by GATA and Sprott .
Some are perfectly reasonable questions too , like did gold physically change hands ?
What does the term " phase out " actually mean ?
Certainly this unwillingness is only fodder for skeptical gold folks out there .
Répliques de montres suisses aaa +
répliques de montres suisses
[ b][url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/]mécanique suisse mouvement répliques de montres [ / url ] [ / b]
[ b] montres [ / b ]
[ b] mécanique suisse mouvement répliques de montres [ / b ]
Blancpain Montres Replilca
US Dollar
Euro
GB Pound
Canadian Dollar
Australian Dollar
Jappen Yen
Norske Krone
Swedish Krone
Danish Krone
CNY
Catégories
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/rolex-montres-suisses-c-98.html]Rolex Montres Suisses [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/rado-montres-c-13.html]Rado Montres [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/a-lange-s%C3%B6hne-montres-c-464.html]A. Lange & Söhne Montres [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/audemars-piguet-montres-c-504.html]Audemars Piguet Montres [ /url ]
Bell & Ross Montres
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html]Blancpain Montres [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-blancpain-air-command-c-200_515.html]Blancpain Air Command [ /url ]
Blancpain Fifty Fathoms
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-blancpain-ladybird-c-200_456.html]Blancpain Ladybird [ /url ]
Blancpain Le Brassus
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-blancpain-leman-c-200_201.html]Blancpain Leman[ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-blancpain-villeret-c-200_609.html]Blancpain Villeret [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/breitling-c-336.html]Breitling[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/hublot-montres-c-92.html]Hublot Montres [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/montres-breguet-c-21.html]Montres Breguet [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/montres-cartier-c-31.html]Montres Cartier [ /url ]
Montres Chopard
Montres Franck Muller
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/montres-iwc-c-44.html]Montres IWC [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/montres-montblanc-c-66.html]Montres Montblanc[ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/montres-rolex-c-11.html]Montres Rolex [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/montres-u-boat-c-489.html]Montres U - Boat [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/montres-vacheron-constantin-c-553.html]Montres Vacheron Constantin[ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/omega-watches-c-275.html]Omega Watches [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/panerai-c-371.html]Panerai[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/patek-philippe-c-304.html]Patek Philippe [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/piaget-montres-c-428.html]Piaget Montres [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/richard-mille-montres-c-729.html]Richard Mille Montres [ /url ]
Tag Heuer
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/tudor-montres-c-295.html]Tudor Montres [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/ulysse-nardin-montres-c-49.html]Ulysse Nardin Montres [ /url ]
A la une – [ plus ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/hommes-cartier-argent-w51002q3-fafe-p-7619.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Cartier-Replilca/Cartier-Tank/Mens-Cartier-Silver-W51002Q3.jpg[/img]Hommes Cartier Argent W51002Q3 [ fafe ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/hommes-cartier-argent-w51002q3-fafe-p-7619.html]Hommes Cartier Argent W51002Q3 [ fafe ] [ /url ] €449.19 € 196.23 Economie : 56 % Cartier en acier inoxydable W62019X6 Roadster Montre [ dc02 ] €620.31 € 191.58 Economie : 69%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/cartier-rose-nacre-mesdames-w51028q4-3bab-p-8162.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Cartier-Replilca/Cartier-Tank/Cartier-Pink-Mother-Of-Pearl-Ladies-W51028Q4.jpg[/img]Cartier Rose Nacre Mesdames W51028Q4 [ 3 bab ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/cartier-rose-nacre-mesdames-w51028q4-3bab-p-8162.html]Cartier Rose Nacre Mesdames W51028Q4 [ 3 bab ] [ /url ] €528.24 €194.37 Economie : 63 % [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/omega-argent-promotions-montre-ede3-p-7101.html]Omega Argent Promotions Montre [ ede3 ] [ /url ] €572.88 € 187.86 Economie : 67%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/omega-or-jaune-14k-promotions-55da-p-7447.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Omega-Replilca/Omega-Specials/Omega-14k-Yellow-Gold-Specials.jpg[/img]Omega or jaune 14 k Promotions [ 55da ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/omega-or-jaune-14k-promotions-55da-p-7447.html]Omega or jaune 14 k Promotions [ 55da ] [ /url ] €446.40 € 192.51 Economie : 57%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/omega-32190425013001-acier-inoxydable-speedmaster-montre-0177-p-6717.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Omega-Replilca/Omega-Speedmaster/Omega-321-90-42-50-13-001-Stainless-Steel.jpg[/img]Omega 321.90.42.50.13.001 acier inoxydable Speedmaster Montre [ 0177 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/omega-32190425013001-acier-inoxydable-speedmaster-montre-0177-p-6717.html]Omega 321.90.42.50.13.001 acier inoxydable Speedmaster Montre [ 0177 ] [ /url ] €607.29 € 195.30 Economie : 68 %
Promotions – [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/specials.html] [ plus ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-118239-or-blanc-18-carats-de-diamants-bd5f-p-5622.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Rolex-Replilca/Rolex-President/Mens-Rolex-118239-18k-White-Gold-with-Diamonds.jpg[/img]Mens Rolex 118239 or blanc 18 carats de diamants [ bd5 f ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-118239-or-blanc-18-carats-de-diamants-bd5f-p-5622.html]Mens Rolex 118239 or blanc 18 carats de diamants [ bd5 f ] [ / url ]
€599.85 €198.09 Economie : 67%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-montre-automatique-118338-f407-p-5621.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Rolex-Replilca/Rolex-President-Men/Mens-Rolex-118338-Automatic-Watch.jpg[/img]Mens Rolex Montre automatique 118338 [ f407 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-montre-automatique-118338-f407-p-5621.html]Mens Rolex Montre automatique 118338 [ f407 ] [ /url ] €624.96 €197.16 Economie : 68%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-nacre-blanche-de-diamants-et-saphirs-16623-3583-p-5614.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Rolex-Replilca/Rolex-Yachtmaster/Mens-Rolex-White-Mother-of-Pearl-with-Diamonds.jpg[/img]Mens
Rolex nacre blanche de diamants et saphirs 16623 [ 3583 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-nacre-blanche-de-diamants-et-saphirs-16623-3583-p-5614.html]Mens
Rolex nacre blanche de diamants et saphirs 16623 [ 3583 ] [ /url ] €498.48 € 194.37 Economie : 61%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-16233-or-jaune-18-carats-et-bracelet-en-acier-inoxydable-5f3d-p-5623.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Rolex-Replilca/Rolex-Datejust-Men-s/Mens-Rolex-16233-18k-Yellow-Gold-and-Stainless.jpg[/img]Mens Rolex 16233 or jaune 18 carats et bracelet en acier inoxydable [ 5f3 d ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-16233-or-jaune-18-carats-et-bracelet-en-acier-inoxydable-5f3d-p-5623.html]Mens Rolex 16233 or jaune 18 carats et bracelet en acier inoxydable [ 5f3 d ] [ /url ] €580.32 € 191.58 Economie : 67%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/rolex-montres-le-cadran-bleu-marqueurs-num%C3%A9ral-suisse-eta-28362-5f9d-p-5617.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Rolex-Replilca/Rolex-DateJust/Rolex-Watches-LE-Blue-Dial-Numeral-Markers-Swiss.jpg[/img]Rolex Montres LE cadran bleu marqueurs numéral suisse Eta 2836 - 2 [ 5f9 d ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/rolex-montres-le-cadran-bleu-marqueurs-num%C3%A9ral-suisse-eta-28362-5f9d-p-5617.html]Rolex Montres LE cadran bleu marqueurs numéral suisse Eta 2836 - 2 [ 5f9 d ] [ /url ] €883.50 €402.69 Economie : 54%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-automatique-118239-41b7-p-5624.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Rolex-Replilca/Rolex-President/Mens-Rolex-Automatic-118239.jpg[/img]Mens Rolex automatique 118239 [ 41b7 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-rolex-automatique-118239-41b7-p-5624.html]Mens Rolex automatique 118239 [ 41b7 ] [ /url ] €584.97 € 199.02 Economie : 66 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/]Accueil[/url] ::
Blancpain Montres
Blancpain Montres
Filter Results by :
Articles commençant par …
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
Affiche 1 à 12 ( sur 65 articles )
1[ /b ] [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?page=2&sort=20a]2[/url] [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?page=3&sort=20a]3[/url] [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?page=4&sort=20a]4[/url] [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?page=5&sort=20a]5[/url] [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?page=2&sort=20a][Suiv >>] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/204112a3064b-blancpain-hommes-automatique-5446-p-10040.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Leman/Blancpain-Mens-Automatic-2041-12a30-64b.jpg[/img]2041-12a30-64b
Blancpain Hommes automatique [ 5446 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/204112a3064b-blancpain-hommes-automatique-5446-p-10040.html]2041-12a30-64b
Blancpain Hommes automatique [ 5446 ] [ /url ] €473.37 €199.95 Economie : 58%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?products_id=10040&action=buy_now&sort=20a][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/includes/templates/polo/buttons/french/button_buy_now.gif[/img]acheter[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blanc-argent-montre-blancpain-villeret-65f7-p-8150.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Villeret/Blancpain-6260-3642-55b-White-Light-Silver.jpg[/img]Blanc / Argent Montre Blancpain Villeret [ 65f7 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blanc-argent-montre-blancpain-villeret-65f7-p-8150.html]Blanc / Argent Montre Blancpain Villeret [ 65f7 ] [ /url ] €535.68 €199.95 Economie : 63%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?products_id=8150&action=buy_now&sort=20a][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/includes/templates/polo/buttons/french/button_buy_now.gif[/img]acheter[/url]
Blancpain / Silver Light Blanc 6654-1127-55B Villeret Montre [ 0f5 c ] €465.93 €205.53 Economie : 56%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?products_id=8116&action=buy_now&sort=20a][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/includes/templates/polo/buttons/french/button_buy_now.gif[/img]acheter[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-0096192an-52-or-blanc-18-carats-de-diamants-ladybird-regarder-7a5a-p-1589.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Ladybird/Blancpain-0096-192an-52-18k-White-Gold-with.jpg[/img]Blancpain 0096 -192an – 52 or blanc 18 carats de diamants Ladybird Regarder [ 7a5a ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-0096192an-52-or-blanc-18-carats-de-diamants-ladybird-regarder-7a5a-p-1589.html]Blancpain 0096 -192an – 52 or blanc 18 carats de diamants Ladybird Regarder [ 7a5a ] [ /url ] €547.77 € 191.58 Economie : 65 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-20411127m-71-mens-leman-montre-ed19-p-967.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Leman/Blancpain-2041-1127m-71-Mens-Leman-Watch.jpg[/img]Blancpain 2041-1127 m – 71 Mens Leman Montre [ ed19 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-20411127m-71-mens-leman-montre-ed19-p-967.html]Blancpain 2041-1127 m – 71 Mens Leman Montre [ ed19 ] [ / url ]
€451.98 € 197.16 Economie : 56 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-23601191b-71-en-acier-inoxydable-montre-leman-5d93-p-1592.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Leman/Blancpain-2360-1191b-71-Stainless-Steel-Leman.jpg[/img]Blancpain 2360-1191 b – 71 en acier inoxydable Montre Leman [ 5d93 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-23601191b-71-en-acier-inoxydable-montre-leman-5d93-p-1592.html]Blancpain 2360-1191 b – 71 en acier inoxydable Montre Leman [ 5d93 ] [ /url ] €591.48 € 194.37 Economie : 67%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?products_id=1592&action=buy_now&sort=20a][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/includes/templates/polo/buttons/french/button_buy_now.gif[/img]acheter[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-42773446-55b-platinum-le-brassus-montre-207a-p-1586.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Le-Brassus/Blancpain-4277-3446-55B-Platinum-Le-Brassus-Watch.jpg[/img]Blancpain 4277/3446 / 55B Platinum Le Brassus Montre [ 207a ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-42773446-55b-platinum-le-brassus-montre-207a-p-1586.html]Blancpain 4277/3446 / 55B Platinum Le Brassus Montre [ 207a ] [ / url ]
€599.85 €198.09 Economie : 67%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?products_id=1586&action=buy_now&sort=20a][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/includes/templates/polo/buttons/french/button_buy_now.gif[/img]acheter[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-5085f-363052-mens-fifty-fathoms-1f89-p-1578.html]Blancpain 5085 F – 3630 - 52 Mens Fifty Fathoms [ 1f89 ] [ /url ] €558.93 € 194.37 Economie : 65%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?products_id=1578&action=buy_now&sort=20a][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/includes/templates/polo/buttons/french/button_buy_now.gif[/img]acheter[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-5885f-11301152-en-fibre-de-carbone-fifty-fathoms-dffd-p-1579.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-5885F-1130-52-Carbon-Fiber-Fifty.jpg[/img]Blancpain 5885 F – 1130-1152 en fibre de carbone Fifty Fathoms [ dffd ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-5885f-11301152-en-fibre-de-carbone-fifty-fathoms-dffd-p-1579.html]Blancpain 5885 F – 1130-1152 en fibre de carbone Fifty Fathoms [ dffd ] [ /url ] €494.76 €201.81 Economie : 59 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-air-command-mens-flyback-montre-en-acier-inoxydable-a320-p-1574.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Mens-Blancpain-Air-Command-Flyback-Stainless.jpg[/img]Blancpain Air Command Mens Flyback Montre en acier inoxydable [ a320 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-air-command-mens-flyback-montre-en-acier-inoxydable-a320-p-1574.html]Blancpain Air Command Mens Flyback Montre en acier inoxydable [ a320 ] [ /url ] €587.76 €198.09 Economie : 66%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?products_id=1574&action=buy_now&sort=20a][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/includes/templates/polo/buttons/french/button_buy_now.gif[/img]acheter[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-automatique-42773446-55b-le-brassus-montre-f072-p-1587.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Le-Brassus/Blancpain-Automatic-4277-3446-55B-Le-Brassus-Watch.jpg[/img]Blancpain automatique 4277/3446 / 55B Le Brassus Montre [ f072 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-automatique-42773446-55b-le-brassus-montre-f072-p-1587.html]Blancpain automatique 4277/3446 / 55B Le Brassus Montre [ f072 ] [ / url ] €488.25 €199.95 Economie : 59%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?products_id=1587&action=buy_now&sort=20a][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/includes/templates/polo/buttons/french/button_buy_now.gif[/img]acheter[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-automatique-commandement-a%C3%A9rien-2285f653066-6b54-p-1571.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Air/Blancpain-Automatic-Air-Command-2285F-6530-66.jpg[/img]Blancpain automatique Commandement aérien 2285F.6530.66 [ 6b54 ] [/url ]
Blancpain automatique Commandement aérien 2285F.6530.66 [ 6b54 ]
€601.71 €201.81 Economie : 66%[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?products_id=1571&action=buy_now&sort=20a][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/includes/templates/polo/buttons/french/button_buy_now.gif[/img]acheter[/url]
Affiche 1 à 12 ( sur 65 articles )
1[ /b ] [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?page=2&sort=20a]2[/url] 3 [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?page=4&sort=20a]4[/url]
5 [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html?page=2&sort=20a][Suiv >>] [ /url ]
Nouveaux produits pour juin – Blancpain Montres[url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-automatique-commandement-a%C3%A9rien-2285f653066-6b54-p-1571.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Air/Blancpain-Automatic-Air-Command-2285F-6530-66.jpg[/img]Blancpain automatique Commandement aérien 2285F.6530.66 [ 6b54 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-automatique-commandement-a%C3%A9rien-2285f653066-6b54-p-1571.html]Blancpain automatique Commandement aérien 2285F.6530.66 [ 6b54 ] [ /url ] €601.71 €201.81 Economie : 66 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-mens-en-acier-inoxydable-2200653066-d5b1-p-1575.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-Mens-Stainless-Steel-2200-6530-66.jpg[/img]Blancpain
Mens en acier inoxydable 2200 - 6530 -66 [ d5b1 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-mens-en-acier-inoxydable-2200653066-d5b1-p-1575.html]Blancpain Mens en acier inoxydable 2200 - 6530 -66 [ d5b1 ] [ /url ] €441.75 €190.65 Economie : 57 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mens-automatique-blancpain-2200113071-f310-p-1572.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Mens-Blancpain-Automatic-2200-1130-71.jpg[/img]Mens automatique Blancpain 2200 -1130-71 [ f310 ] [ / url ]
Mens automatique Blancpain 2200 - 1130-71 [ f310 ] €623.10 €202.74 Economie : 67 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mesdames-blancpain-automatique-00621954f-52-6f40-p-1583.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Ladybird/Ladies-Blancpain-Automatic-0062-1954F-52.jpg[/img]Mesdames Blancpain automatique 0062-1954 F – 52 [ 6f40 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mesdames-blancpain-automatique-00621954f-52-6f40-p-1583.html]Mesdames Blancpain automatique 0062-1954 F – 52 [ 6f40 ] [ /url ] €615.66 €196.23 Economie : 68 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-automatique-ladybird-0062312gc-52-8699-p-1582.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Ladybird/Blancpain-Automatic-Ladybird-0062-312GC-52.jpg[/img]Blancpain automatique Ladybird 0062-312 GC – 52 [ 8699 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-automatique-ladybird-0062312gc-52-8699-p-1582.html]Blancpain automatique Ladybird 0062-312 GC – 52 [ 8699 ] [ /url ] €602.64 €196.23 Economie : 67 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-5885f-11301152-en-fibre-de-carbone-fifty-fathoms-dffd-p-1579.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-5885F-1130-52-Carbon-Fiber-Fifty.jpg[/img]Blancpain 5885 F – 1130-1152 en fibre de carbone Fifty Fathoms [ dffd ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-5885f-11301152-en-fibre-de-carbone-fifty-fathoms-dffd-p-1579.html]Blancpain 5885 F – 1130-1152 en fibre de carbone Fifty Fathoms [ dffd ] [ /url ] €494.76 €201.81 Economie : 59 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-air-command-mens-flyback-montre-en-acier-inoxydable-a320-p-1574.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Mens-Blancpain-Air-Command-Flyback-Stainless.jpg[/img]Blancpain Air Command Mens Flyback Montre en acier inoxydable [ a320 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-air-command-mens-flyback-montre-en-acier-inoxydable-a320-p-1574.html]Blancpain Air Command Mens Flyback Montre en acier inoxydable [ a320 ] [ /url ] €587.76 €198.09 Economie : 66 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-fifty-fathoms-automatique-2200113064b-b11c-p-1573.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-Automatic-Fifty-Fathoms-2200-1130-64b.jpg[/img]Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Automatique 2200 - 1130-64 b [ b11c ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-fifty-fathoms-automatique-2200113064b-b11c-p-1573.html]Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Automatique 2200 - 1130-64 b [ b11c ] [/url ] €443.61 €201.81 Economie : 55 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mesdames-blancpain-0062192ro-52-bracelet-en-satin-35d3-p-1580.html]Mesdames Blancpain 0062-192RO – 52 Bracelet en satin [ 35d3 ] [ /url ] €623.10 € 193.44 Economie : 69 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-fifty-fathoms-automatique-5015113052-63ff-p-1576.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-Automatic-Fifty-Fathoms-5015-1130-52.jpg[/img]Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Automatique 5015 - 1130 -52 [ 63 ff ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-fifty-fathoms-automatique-5015113052-63ff-p-1576.html]Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Automatique 5015 - 1130 -52 [ 63 ff ] [ /url ] €584.04 € 189.72 Economie : 68 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-fifty-fathoms-noir-5015363052-montre-c81a-p-1581.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-Black-5015-3630-52-Fifty-Fathoms-Watch.jpg[/img]Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Noir 5015 - 3630 - 52 Montre [ c81a ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-fifty-fathoms-noir-5015363052-montre-c81a-p-1581.html]Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Noir 5015 - 3630 - 52 Montre [ c81a ] [ /url ] €549.63 € 194.37 Economie : 65 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-5085f-363052-mens-fifty-fathoms-1f89-p-1578.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-5085F-3630-52-Mens-Fifty-Fathoms-Watch.jpg[/img]Blancpain 5085 F – 3630 - 52 Mens Fifty Fathoms [ 1f89 ] [ /url ]
Blancpain 5085 F – 3630 - 52 Mens Fifty Fathoms [ 1f89 ] €558.93 € 194.37 Economie : 65 %
Promotions du mois de juin [ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-or-rose-18-carats-de-diamants-ladybird-0062312ro-52-9087-p-1256.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Ladybird/Blancpain-18k-Pink-Gold-with-Diamonds-Ladybird.jpg[/img]Blancpain or rose 18 carats de diamants Ladybird 0062 -312RO – 52 [ 9087 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-or-rose-18-carats-de-diamants-ladybird-0062312ro-52-9087-p-1256.html]Blancpain or rose 18 carats de diamants Ladybird 0062 -312RO – 52 [ 9087 ] [ /url ] €483.60 €200.88 Economie : 58 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/hommes-blancpain-5085f-11301152-fifty-fathoms-58f3-p-1577.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Mens-Blancpain-5085F-1130-52-Fifty-Fathoms-Watch.jpg[/img]Hommes Blancpain 5085 F – 1130 - 1152 Fifty Fathoms [ 58f3 ] [ / url ]
Hommes Blancpain 5085 F – 1130 - 1152 Fifty Fathoms [ 58f3 ] €561.72 €196.23 Economie : 65 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-air-command-mens-flyback-montre-en-acier-inoxydable-a320-p-1574.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Mens-Blancpain-Air-Command-Flyback-Stainless.jpg[/img]Blancpain Air Command Mens Flyback Montre en acier inoxydable [ a320 ] [ / url ]
Blancpain Air Command Mens Flyback Montre en acier inoxydable [ a320 ] €587.76 € 198.09 Economie : 66 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-5885f-11301152-en-fibre-de-carbone-fifty-fathoms-dffd-p-1579.html]Blancpain 5885 F – 1130-1152 en fibre de carbone Fifty Fathoms [ dffd ] [ /url ] €494.76 €201.81 Economie : 59 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-fifty-fathoms-automatique-2200113064b-b11c-p-1573.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-Automatic-Fifty-Fathoms-2200-1130-64b.jpg[/img]Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Automatique 2200 - 1130-64 b [ b11c ] [/url ]
Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Automatique 2200 - 1130-64 b [ b11 c ] €443.61 €201.81 Economie : 55 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-5085f-363052-mens-fifty-fathoms-1f89-p-1578.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-5085F-3630-52-Mens-Fifty-Fathoms-Watch.jpg[/img]Blancpain 5085 F – 3630 - 52 Mens Fifty Fathoms [ 1f89 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-5085f-363052-mens-fifty-fathoms-1f89-p-1578.html]Blancpain 5085 F – 3630 - 52 Mens Fifty Fathoms [ 1f89 ] [ /url ] €558.93 € 194.37 Economie : 65 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-fifty-fathoms-automatique-5015113052-63ff-p-1576.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-Automatic-Fifty-Fathoms-5015-1130-52.jpg[/img]Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Automatique 5015 - 1130 -52 [ 63 ff ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-fifty-fathoms-automatique-5015113052-63ff-p-1576.html]Blancpain Fifty Fathoms Automatique 5015 - 1130 -52 [ 63 ff ] [ /url ] €584.04 € 189.72 Economie : 68 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/hommes-blancpain-leman-2041363064b-montre-86bd-p-355.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Leman/Mens-Blancpain-2041-3630-64b-Leman-Watch.jpg[/img]Hommes Blancpain Leman 2041-3630 -64 b Montre [ 86 bd ] [ /url ]
Hommes Blancpain Leman 2041-3630-64 b Montre [ 86bd ] €539.40 €200.88 Economie : 63 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-20411127m-71-mens-leman-montre-ed19-p-967.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Leman/Blancpain-2041-1127m-71-Mens-Leman-Watch.jpg[/img]Blancpain 2041-1127 m – 71 Mens Leman Montre [ ed19 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-20411127m-71-mens-leman-montre-ed19-p-967.html]Blancpain 2041-1127 m – 71 Mens Leman Montre [ ed19 ] [ / url ]
€451.98 € 197.16 Economie : 56 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-mens-en-acier-inoxydable-2200653066-d5b1-p-1575.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Fifty/Blancpain-Mens-Stainless-Steel-2200-6530-66.jpg[/img]Blancpain
Mens en acier inoxydable 2200 - 6530 -66 [ d5b1 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-mens-en-acier-inoxydable-2200653066-d5b1-p-1575.html]Blancpain Mens en acier inoxydable 2200 - 6530 -66 [ d5b1 ] [ /url ] €441.75 €190.65 Economie : 57 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mesdames-blancpain-0062192ro-52-bracelet-en-satin-35d3-p-1580.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Ladybird/Ladies-Blancpain-0062-192RO-52-Satin-Bracelet.jpg[/img]Mesdames Blancpain 0062-192RO – 52 Bracelet en satin [ 35d3 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/mesdames-blancpain-0062192ro-52-bracelet-en-satin-35d3-p-1580.html]Mesdames Blancpain 0062-192RO – 52 Bracelet en satin [ 35d3 ] [ /url ] €623.10 € 193.44 Economie : 69 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-automatique-commandement-a%C3%A9rien-2285f653066-6b54-p-1571.html][img]http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/images/_small//watches_14/Blancpain-Replilca/Blancpain-Air/Blancpain-Automatic-Air-Command-2285F-6530-66.jpg[/img]Blancpain automatique Commandement aérien 2285F.6530.66 [ 6b54 ] [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-automatique-commandement-a%C3%A9rien-2285f653066-6b54-p-1571.html]Blancpain automatique Commandement aérien 2285F.6530.66 [ 6b54 ] [ /url ] €601.71 €201.81 Economie : 66 %
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/index.php]Accueil[/url]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/index.php?main_page=shippinginfo]livraison[/url]
De gros
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/index.php?main_page=shippinginfo]Suivi de commande [ / url ]
Bons de réduction
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/index.php?main_page=Payment_Methods]Moyens de paiement [ / url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/index.php?main_page=contact_us]Contactez nous [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.1luxurywatch.com/fr/]REPLICA
OMEGA [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.1luxurywatch.com/fr/]REPLICA
PATEK PHILIPPE [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.1luxurywatch.com/fr/]REPLICA ROLEX [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.1luxurywatch.com/fr/]REPLICA IWC [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.1luxurywatch.com/fr/]REPLICA CARTIER [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.1luxurywatch.com/fr/]MONTRES
DE MARQUE TOP [ /url ]
[ url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/blancpain-montres-c-200.html][/url]
Copyright © 2012-2016
Tous droits réservés .
[ b][url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/]Répliques de montres suisses aaa +[ /url ] [ / b]
[ b][url=http://www.topwatchlove.me/fr/]répliques de montres suisses [ / url ] [ / b]
The Democratic Alliance ( DA ) on Wednesday posted on the internet a confidential business report from Eskom , which it claims proves that the electricity provider has been selling power to BHP Billiton at below cost .
Eskom acting chairperson and CEO Mpho Makwana has threatened to take DA MP Pieter van Dalen to court , terming the leaking of the document to the politician “ a form of a crime ” .
The 291 - page document marked “ strictly confidential ” backs up a statement Van Dalen made during Makwana ’s briefing to Parliament ’s portfolio committee on public enterprises that Motraco ( the Mozambique Transmission Company ) owes Eskom R100 - million .
Makwana told Business Report that the claim about Motraco ’s debt was “ not true ” .
Motraco owns a transmission network built expressly to supply power to BHP Billiton ’s Mozal aluminium smelter in Mozambique .
Van Dalen said the report supports his allegation that Eskom charged BHP Billiton just more than 12 cents per kilowatt hour for electricity supplied to Mozal .
He arrived at the figure by dividing the company ’s power bill by the amount of electricity supplied to it according to the report .
The terms of the contract under which Eskom has been powering this and two other BHP Billiton smelters are at the heart of a controversy over a special pricing agreement between the mining giant and South Africa ’s embattled electricity utility .
Makwana told MPs on Tuesday that Eskom has managed to renegotiate its “ onerous ” contract with BHP Billiton which , along with a deal to supply power to Anglo American ’s zinc operations in Namibia , left the company with an accounting loss of R9,5 - billion in the 2008/09 financial year .
He said it should be signed on May 27 , releasing Eskom from 95 % of its liabilities in terms of embedded derivatives , which linked the future value of the long - term contract with BHP Billiton to the aluminium price .
The contracts became a massive burden for cash - strapped Eskom when the commodity price plunged during the global economic crisis .
Eskom said efforts to restructure Anglo American ’s contract were proving more difficult .
Refusal to answer
Makwana refused to answer a question from the Independent Democrats on whether Eskom was selling electricity it bought from Mozambique to BHP Billiton ’s smelters at a loss .
It buys electricity from the Cahora Bassa Dam , then channels it to the smelters through Motraco .
He said he had the answer , but would provide it to Parliament in writing , drawing protest from opposition MPs who said he was clearly reluctant to make the information known to the media .
Makwana told committee members that the generating cost of a kilowatt - hour would rise to 24,3 cents and the production cost to 41,6 cents this year once the new electricity tariffs came into effect .
Eskom ’s communications team on Wednesday said it would respond to the leaking of the report at a later stage .
Van Dalen claimed that the document “ provides definitive proof , among other things , that Eskom has been charging vastly discounted electricity tariff rates to companies that provide little or no benefit to the South African economy ” .
He said it was leaked to the official opposition from “ high level ” Eskom officials .
In the meanwhile , ID MP Lance Greyling said he would ask Public Enterprises Minister Barbara Hogan whether Eskom had been forced to pay a penalty for renegotiating its contract with BHP Billiton .
— Sapa
The Chinese Minitrue on the recent Google events ( Click the link for more )
Google has officially announced its withdrawal from the China market .
This is a high - impact incident .
It has triggered netizens ’ discussions which are not limited to a commercial level .
Therefore please pay strict attention to the following content requirements during this period :
[…]
B. Forums , blogs and other interactive media sections : 1 . It is not permitted to hold discussions or investigations on the Google topic
2. Interactive sections do not recommend this topic , do not place this topic and related comments at the top
3 . All websites please clean up text , images and sound and videos which attack the Party , State , government agencies , Internet policies with the excuse of this event .
4 . All websites please clean up text , images and sound and videos which support Google , dedicate flowers to Google , ask Google to stay , cheer for Google and others have a different tune from government policy
5 . On topics related to Google , carefully manage the information in exchanges , comments and other interactive sessions
6 . Chief managers in different regions please assign specific manpower to monitor Google - related information ; if there is information about mass incidents , please report it in a timely manner ..
The Chinese Minitrue instructions to the media during the National People ’s Congress ( Click the link for more )
When did we get the idea that without constant hydration we 'll shrivel up and die ?
We need a campaign of humiliation to finally kill off the bottled water industry
A while ago , wandering around the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich , I came across a little vignette of modern British mores that , a month later , I 'm still trying to process .
A mardy little teenager was delivering an extended harangue in which she itemised her poor mother 's failings from the point at which she 'd first considered conception .
As her mother stood silently , a tide of spittled invective breaking over her , the daughter used her final weapon ; " And if you do n't get me a bottle of water , right now , I … am … going … to … FAINT ! "
There was a hush throughout the gallery .
Filial impiety is all very routine in our public spaces , but the improper hydration of a child in your care ?
Surely a case for the authorities .
What I may have been the only witness nerdy enough to notice was the background to this little domestic drama .
The scene was being played out in front of a replica of the James Caird , the lifeboat in which Ernest Shackleton and five companions made the awful 15 day trip from Elephant Island to South Georgia in 1916 .
As I sat in the cafe later , necking a hard - won jug of free tapwater , I realised how odd our relationship with water has become .
Sure we 've persuaded restaurants to stop charging us for it but no fewer people seem to be wandering around like overgrown babies , clutching plastic sucky - bottles .
We 've deprived restaurants of a small profit line during a financial crisis , we 've added another burden to the waiter 's life and have made precisely no impact on the bloated profits of the multinationals selling us our own water in plastic bottles .
I 'd love to blame advertising .
It would be great to say that the multinationals themselves , the Nestles , the Coca - Colas , the PepsiCos and the Danones had created this idiotic behaviour but , truth is , I 've never seen an ad specifically advocating carrying the stuff around .
Have we , of our own volition , come up with the idea that if we stand for more than eight minutes without consuming some form of beverage , we 'll shrivel to something in a Ray Harryhausen movie ?
Remember when the first thing you 'd do on arriving home after a day out was put the kettle on ?
' Oooh .
Me feet are killing me .
Let 's have a nice cuppa ' .
Today , after a couple of hours in the high street , downing soda after energy water after smoothie after triple - mocha - whippochino and entirely unable to locate a public lavatory , you 're most likely to walk through the front door , rush to the bathroom and piss like a racehorse .
Anyone with the brains to read ( outside the ad agencies that come up with this sort of rubbish ) must by now be aware that the argument that water ' detoxes ' is entirely spurious , that the ' two litres a day ' myth is just that and that buying water shipped from places like Fiji - even if it can be ' greened ' through some ' offsetting ' sophistry - is as immoral as it is absurd .
Yet somehow , we 've programmed ourselves deeply .
Stand , sometime , in the queue at the airport ; the last few feet before the metal detector , where the travelling classes are having their bottles torn from their hands by stone - faced airport stormtroopers .
Witness the genuine pain on their faces .
It makes me want to throttle them all individually .
It 's bottled bloody water .
You can survive without it until you get on the plane .
You saw the security signs , you know that poor sod is only trying to stop someone blowing your holiday to smithereens over Staines , yet you act like you 're being brutally deprived of a human right .
You tut about waste as it's thrown into the blue bin as if it was n't your own , vacuous credulity that made you give £ 1.50 to a multinational for it half an hour ago .
A decade ago the only people who carried a water supply hooked to their belt were either planning a sweaty week under canvas or heading out to be shot at .
Now every desk jockey on expenses , every Boden - clad holidaymaker wants to get onto a two hour flight with enough water to support a Forward Operating Base in Helmand for a fortnight .
We have got to get over this .
More prominent food writers than I led the charge for the provision of tap water in restaurants and they appear , on the whole , to have succeeded .
The campaign immediately grabbed the attention of restaurant goers across the country ( though let 's be entirely honest here .
It was because the British are tight , not because we 're green .
I still find that the person who squeals the loudest about tapwater at the table is the one most likely to whip out a calculator to split the bill and then stiff the waitress on the tip ) .
But what we really need , like the orchestrated howls of outrage when petrol prices hit a new high , is a campaign that strikes at the root of the problem : the idiotic belief that we need a constant supply of water or something awful will happen ( what , exactly ?
We wo n't slosh like camels when we walk ?
We wo n't maintain staggeringly high bladder pressure ?
We 'll feel a bit thirsty ? ) .
I propose something along the lines of the government 's appalling 5 - a - day debacle ( you remember , the campaign that was supposed to make us eat 5 fruits or vegetables a day but , miraculously ended up making us buy more fruit juice , breakfast cereal and overhyped sugar - rich ' smoothies ' ) .
I may lack the prominence for national campaigning but I think we can still achieve change .
Our weapon should be ridicule .
Next time you see someone with a bottle of water , be sure to point and laugh .
Meanwhile restrict yourself to 5 - a - day : a double espresso at breakfast , a glass of wine with lunch and a couple with dinner .
I promise you wo n't shrivel up .
The Phantom Kick ( GIF )
Could professional wrestling be any more fake ?
Whether it is the WWE or TNA , it never ceases to amaze me just how far from reality these products of sports entertainment can be .
Sure , there are times when these actors wrestlers are in fact victims of some rather painful maneuvers , but then there are instances such as this one , where even those sitting in the nose bleed section can smell the poor acting on display .
It is one thing to make a hot female ’s ass in your face seem painful , but this is just embarrassing .
Check Out These Great Stories
Share This
Until today 's announcement by Canon , no large brand had broken the " thin brand line " by revealing their plan to apply for their own new top - level domain .
Now with Canon 's announcement , other major companies have been challenged to either announce their TLD plans or else state that they plan to forgo the chance to brand themselves at the top level of the domain name space .
Until now , in public , large brands have marched in lock step in opposition to new top - level domains , ostensibly because of the high cost of defending and enforcing their marks in multiple new namespaces .
The worst - kept secret in the industry , however , is that brands have been making private plans , and brand - service registrars have been prepping their clients for new gTLDs in anticipation of healthy fees for application submission services .
Canon , at least , has decided that the marketing benefits of their own top - level domain outweigh the costs .
In the U.S. , legal departments , which are good at identifying risk — though not necessarily expert at quantifying it — , exercise a much stronger presence in the corporate boardroom than they do in European and Asian companies .
Could it be that the highly defensive stance of U.S. intellectual property interests , hardened by the file - sharing wars , is not shared by the rest of the world 's brands ?
In Japan , Canon has decided to cast its lot with the money - makers instead of the money - hoarders .
I predict we will see more brands opt for engagement with the Internet by visibly branding themselves with their own new gTLD , but that the the last ones to do so will come from the United States .
The U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) has estimated that one quarter of America ’s corn cereal production in 2009 went to biofuels , which in effect turned cheap food into expensive fuel .
Despite pushing up food prices and having unintended consequences for the environment , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( US EPA ) recently reiterated its support for ethanol .
President Obama also promised continued investment in advanced biofuels in his recent State of the Union address .
Bad Economics
A leaked paper on the 2007/2008 food crisis by the World Bank Development Prospect Group estimated that U.S. and European Union biofuel production was responsible for 75 % of the price rises–a far cry from the 3 % estimate by USDA .
Biofuels from crops like corn , sugar , and palm oil have more than tripled since 2000 .
In accordance with its 2007 energy bill , America is targeted to increase biofuels production to 15 billion gallons by 2012 and 36 billion by 2022 , up from the current 10.6 billion .
Of that 36 billion , ethanol is capped at 15 billion gallons .
Just last month , US EPA announced that despite doubts as to its energy and environmental record , they would still support further ethanol production .
The new guidelines will allow for the production of an additional 2 billion gallons of corn ethanol and potentially much more .
These subsidies are about political pandering , not cutting greenhouse gases .
The EPA admitted that a considerable amount of current ethanol production would , as a result , fail to meet the 20 % reduction criteria .
It is difficult to see on what grounds these subsidies to biofuels can be justified –if not outright agricultural protectionism .
We should also bear in mind the other renewable or carbon - mitigating technologies that are being sidelined as massive hand - outs are given to biofuels .
There is a real risk that resources , skill , and time are being diverted from potentially promising technologies to subsidize biofuels .
A recent report by Rice University ( Texas ) found that the U.S. spent US $ 4 billion on biofuel subsidies in 2008 to replace a mere 2 % of the US gasoline supply .
It estimates that this costs taxpayers about US $ 82 per barrel , or US $ 1.95 a gallon more than the retail price of petroleum fuel .
By 2022 , US biofuel subsidies will have totaled US $ 400 billion , according to environmental pressure group Friends of the Earth .
The EU is no better , however , giving around € 3.7 billion ( US $ 5.2 billion ) in biofuel subsidies in 2007 , aiming to replace 5.75 % of transport fuel by the end of 2010 .
The condition underlying the increase is that future ethanol production must have emissions 20 % lower than gasoline .
The US EPA says that this could increase farm incomes by $ 13 billion by 2002 and reduce oil consumption as well as greenhouse gas emissions .
However there are good reasons to remain skeptical of the US EPA ’s projections .
The new rules requiring 20 % lower emissions compared to gasoline only apply to future ethanol production – 13 billion gallons already or soon - to - be produced are exempted .
The US EPA admitted that a considerable amount of current ethanol production would , as a result , fail to meet the 20 % reduction criteria .
It is difficult to see on what grounds these subsidies to biofuels can be justified – if not outright agricultural protectionism .
Environmental Waste
On top of wasted taxes and higher food prices , biofuels make little environmental sense .
Specifically , production in the U.S. and the EU can release more emissions than it avoids .
Nobel - Prize - winning chemist Paul J. Crutzen estimates :
For rapeseed biodiesel , which accounts for about 80 % of the biofuel production in Europe , the relative warming due to N 2 O [ nitrous oxide ] emissions is estimated at 1 to 1.7 times larger than the quasi- cooling effect due to saved fossil CO2 [ carbon dioxide ] emissions .
For corn bioethanol , dominant in the US , the figure is 0.9 to 1.5 .
Although the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization sees little chance in the near future of another “ concurrence of so many factors ” that caused the food crisis , there is no room for complacency .
Food prices are taking a long time to fall ( corn is still 50 % above its 2003 - 2006 average ) , while the number of hungry people recently topped one billion .
This is a worrying trend as there has been an increase in both the absolute number and the percentage of hungry people , reversing decades of progress .
Ethanol already takes up 27 million acres out of the 90 million acres of corn in the USA : from 2006 to 2008 , the World Bank ’s Food Price Index doubled .
If biofuel was about the environment , the U.S. would not impose tariffs on environmentally - friendly ethanol from Latin America and the Caribbean .
Likewise , new EU tariffs are clearly aimed at American producers who send 95 % of their biofuel exports to Europe .
Another environmental problem is the fear that natural habitats will be converted to farmland to take advantage of biofuel subsidies .
The diversion of existing U.S. cropland to biofuels has shifted soybean production to South America and Indonesia , encouraging deforestation .
On several occasions , ethanol supporters in Congress and the Senate have tried – and failed – to stop it from taking into account international land - use changes when assessing ethanol .
Nor do biofuels save energy .
Some varieties require as much to grow , transport and process as they release when you burn it .
Bad Prospects
And according to United Nations Conference on Trade and Development , at oil prices below $ 70 per barrel ( the recent range is US $ 70 - 85 ) , corn - based ethanol struggles to compete without subsidies .
The U.S. and the EU claim “ second - generation ” biofuels from plant cellulose or waste will help achieve their stringent self - imposed “ renewables ” targets but this is a nascent industry that has yet to deliver value for money .
Yet the USDA has already issued new guidelines to encourage farmers to grow crops for “ next - generation ” biofuels .
The EU said it would reconsider biofuels following the food crisis .
But there is powerful pressure from farm lobbies in both places .
Conclusion
Agriculture faces many difficulties , from how to establish land rights to how to disseminate technology or adapt to climate change .
But the biofuel problem is a no-brainer .
Creating an artificial market with subsidies is no way to reduce emissions , save rainforests or feed the poor .
Biofuel subsidies are just a Green handout to farm lobbies in rich countries : it is time to end them .
Caroline Boin is a Project Director at the International Policy Network , London , a London - based independent think - tank working to promote economic development via free markets and free trade .
He said that both sides had agreed to house a new consumer financial protection agency within the Federal Reserve , with a director appointed by the president and broad ability to write rules governing mortgages , credit cards and the so - called shadow banking system of payday lenders , debt collectors , and loan originators and servicers .
Whether that agency would have independent enforcement powers has been a major point of contention .
Mr. Corker said Mr. Dodd had agreed that the agency would not be able to conduct its own compliance examinations , as consumer advocates have urged .
Instead , other regulators , who are already charged with ensuring the soundness of banks , would take on the responsibility for protecting consumers , too .
The negotiators had also agreed , Mr. Corker said , to strip the Fed of its power to supervise bank holding companies except those with assets of $ 100 billion or more .
Whether to remove from the central bank its oversight of state - chartered banks that are members of the Fed system , he said , was still to be determined .
“ The Fed no doubt is going to have its wings clipped , ” he said .
Consensus had also been reached on the creation of an interagency council , led by the Treasury , to detect and monitor systemic risk ; the establishment of an Office of Research and Analysis that would give the council daily updates on the stability of individual firms and their trading partners ; and the removal of credit rating agencies ’ exemption from liability under securities laws .
Mr. Corker revealed several areas that remained in dispute at the point that Mr. Dodd announced that he would move ahead on his own .
One of them , he said , was the extent to which banks would be exempt from new requirements for greater transparency in the trading of derivatives .
While standardized derivatives would have to be traded through clearinghouses , some banks have pushed to have transactions of some of their most complex derivatives — including the credit - default swaps that helped bring on the financial crisis — shielded from public view .
Gary G. Gensler , the chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission , said on Thursday that the loophole some banks were seeking would exempt as much as 60 percent of derivatives .
The banks have found allies in companies like Boeing and Caterpillar that use derivatives to hedge against risk , but such derivatives trades make up only 9 percent of the market , Mr. Gensler said .
At least 100 killed in India - Bangladesh storm
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least 100 people have died in a powerful storm that hit areas on the border between India and Bangladesh .
Many more are injured or trapped in rubble as about 50,000 houses were hit by winds of up to 160 km/h ( 100 m ph ) .
Medical and food supplies have been rushed to the area after the cyclone struck overnight on Tuesday .
North - eastern areas of West Bengal and Bihar states and the Bangladeshi state of Rangpur were worst - hit , said officials .
It is the most violent storm in this area since Cyclone Aila hit eastern India and Bangladesh in May last year , killing more than 150 people .
West Bengal 's Uttar Dinajpur district was struck badly , with nearly 40 dead .
Many were killed by falling trees or debris Much of the district is without power because electricity poles collapsed after trees uprooted by the storm fell on them .
The BBC's Subir Bhaumik in Calcutta says the death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are found in collapsed houses and other debris .
Our correspondent says that the storm was followed by heavy rains that further added to the woes of villagers .
' Trail of destruction '
The deadly winds ravaged tin , concrete and mud houses and brought down trees .
" The storm has left a trail of destruction everywhere , " West Bengal 's civil defence minister Srikumar Mukherji told local television in the North Dinajpur district .
Mr Mukherji is personally overseeing relief operations .
Telecommunication links have been hit hard , with railway lines damaged and roads closed in West Bengal and the neighbouring state of Bihar .
Survivor Abhijit Karmokar told local television that many had been killed or injured by flying debris .
" Some of these tin roofs just sliced through people ... it was total darkness ... we stood no chance , " he said .
Indian authorities say emergency supplies have been rushed to the area and temporary shelters have been set up for those who had lost their homes .
Officials say that the storm was an extreme form of what is locally known as a " nor ' wester " - a weather pattern that develops over the Bay of Bengal during the hot months of the year .
The latest storm comes as nine of India 's 29 states endure a heatwave which has taken temperatures above 40 C in many northern areas .
The Press Trust of India reported that the number of heat - related deaths since the beginning of this month has risen to 42 in the eastern state of Orissa , with another five people dying on Tuesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Not having seen him in action since the Nickelodeon days back in the 80s , I 'd almost forgotten how well Don " Mr. Wizard " Herbert did the job of communicating science .
A radio actor and documentary producer , Herbert created the first science - experiment centric TV show , " Watch Mr. Wizard " , which premiered on Chicago 's WNBQ - TV in 1951 .
Within months , the show had moved to its natural and cosmically - correct time slot — Saturday mornings .
Bonus :
The clip above features the first intelligent girl I have ever seen in a 1950s television show .
I can only assume she was carted off to the gulag as soon as filming wrapped .
And , yes , I realize that 59 is a weird anniversary to celebrate .
But , you know what , it 's Mr. Wizard .
We 'll celebrate this year , and next year , too .
Try and stop me .
Protest could change the palm oil industry and wake the world up to the power of ‘ social media ’ .
The online protest over Nestle ’s use of palm oil linked to deforestation in Indonesia continues unabated over the weekend .
One only needed to check - in on the Nestle ’s Facebook fan page to see that anger and frustration over the company ’s palm oil sourcing policies , as well as its attempts to censor a Greenpeace video ( and comments online ) , has sparked a social media protest that is noteworthy for its vehemence , its length , and its bringing to light the issue of palm oil and deforestation to a broader public .
While , the ramifications of this protest — and Nestle ’s inability to handle the situation — will not be completely known for awhile , it could have widespread implications for the palm oil industry ( and companies sourcing them ) .
But on a bigger scale , the protest being undertaken on so - called ‘ social media ’ sites such as Facebook , Twitter , Reddit , and Care2 , is an indication of the changing way organizations and individuals are showing their displeasure to giant multi-billion dollar corporations .
The palm oil debate widens and intensifies
Deforestation for a new oil palm plantation at the edge of Gunung Leuser National Park on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
While the protest is targeting Nestle , it may have ramification far behind the candy - giant .
After this week any company sourcing palm oil from areas of the world — such as Malaysia and Indonesia — where deforestation is still rampant and species like orangutans are on the edge of extinction , may want to double - check ( and triple - check ) the reputation of their suppliers .
Better yet , they may want to shell - out a bit more for sustainable palm oil , since it may actually save them money ( and face ) in the long run .
Already , a number of western companies have been dropping suppliers of palm oil that have links to illegal deforestation .
Following a BBC documentary on palm oil , giant food and cosmetics - manufacturer Unilever dropped Duta Palma and PT Smart ; prior to this Unilever dropped Sinar Mas ( the supplier that got Nestle in hot water ) .
Last year , the World Bank suspended lending to all oil palm plantation projects , after one of its recipients , the Wilmar Group , was found to be environmentally irresponsible .
Cadbury New Zealand dumped palm oil altogether after consumer complaints .
While these actions show that some companies are sensitive to the palm oil - debate , this new protest is bringing the issue to a far wider audience , likely putting additional pressure on corporations still sourcing palm oil from environmentally - suspect sources , such as General Mills which was recently the target of a protest by the Rainforest Action Network ( RAN ) .
It may also spike demand for sustainable palm oil .
At first , sustainable palm oil , overseen by the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) had difficulty finding a market since it is more expensive than unsustainable palm oil and companies ( as well as consumers ) did n’t want to foot the bill .
But by February of this year the market for sustainable palm and its production were nearly evenly matched .
The orangutan has become the symbol of the protest against unsustainable palm oil .
The Sumatran orangutan , pictured here , is Critically Endangered , largely due to habitat loss .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
Now , though the outlook for sustainable palm oil from a business - angle may be far brighter .
The continuing negative press may push more companies than ever to decide that it is very much in their interest to pay a little extra for sustainable sources rather than face the prospect of becoming another Nestle .
Sustainable palm oil may suddenly see its demand far outshoot its production , at least in the near term .
Yet even sustainable palm oil , courtesy of the RSPO , has many detractors , especially as some RSPO members allegedly continue to clear high conservation value forests for monoculture plantations .
For its part , RSPO says it continues to work on its certification process .
Social Media and Big Business
Another possible outcome of this protest : social media protests may have come of age .
Even five years ago a protest of this scale on ‘ social media ’ sites — mostly on Facebook and Twitter , but also appearing on Care2 and Reddit — would not have been possible , but this protest proves that these sites can have a big impact .
Where else can individuals instantly criticize multi-billion dollar corporations to their collective face , and then invite hundreds ( maybe even thousands ) of their acquaintances to take up the cause ?
Figure 1 : Extent of Deforestation in Borneo 1950 - 2005 , Projection to 2020 .
The island of Borneo is split between Malaysia , Indonesia , and Brunei .
There is no question that social media sites have taken a big chunk out of mainstream media sources in providing news and conversation - topics to an increasingly plugged - in public .
Places like Reddit and Digg are becoming the new front - page for many news - junkies who thrive on variety .
Especially for younger generations , social media — not Fox News or CNN or the NY Times — is becoming the place where one catches - up on news , spreads information , and sounds their opinions .
In this case , however , the opinions are n’t between friends , but between thousands of individuals and one big corporation .
While it ’s clear that Nestle has been taken aback by the scale and vehemence of the protest , it ’s just as clear that there are plenty of individuals out there who are simply fed - up with the actions of many multinational corporations , which they view as spoiling the environment for profit , stomping on human rights , exploiting the poor , and turning a deaf ear to any criticism .
In fact , while the protest has focused on Nestle ’s impact on rainforests in Indonesia , it has also tacked on a list of other abuses by the food - giant .
Social - media users have unearthed a multitude of skeletons in Nestle ’s closest : aggressive marketing of baby formula to mothers in the developing world causing malnutrition and mortality ; illegal extraction of groundwater in Brazil for Nestle company , Perrier ; child labor abuses in Ghana for the production of chocolate ; aggressive labor busting , including in Colombia where eight unionizing Nestle employees were assassinated , though there is no link to the company for the killings ; and continuing to promote unhealthy foods around the world .
Indonesia has some of the world ’s most biodiverse rainforests , sporting well - known species like orangutans , tigers , elephants , komodo dragons , and rhinos .
But most of Indonesia ’s species are tiny like this red grasshawk dragonfly .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
The online protest against Nestle did n’t really take off until after the company pushed YouTube to remove a clever video from Greenpeace criticizing the company , citing copyright infringement .
While the protest may owe much of its beginning to Nestle ’s own draconian measures , including callous comments from a moderator on its Facebook page , it will be doubly interesting to see what Greenpeace , and other activist organization , learn from the uproar .
While Greenpeace , one of the savviest and most effective activist organizations out there , has long used social media to spread information about its campaigns , it is not always easy to get people physically involved in an issue .
Social media , however , allows for little long - term commitment and a chance to reach companies directly .
I bet that Greenpeace and others will increasingly view online media as the most important tool to reach long ambivalent and distant corporations .
But as one commentator said on Nestle ’s Facebook page today , this protest has gone beyond Greenpeace to become ‘ grassroots ’ .
That begs the questions : could social media be the new face of effective grassroots activism in an increasingly interconnected and information - heavy world ?
Maybe — if this protest works .
Of course , much depends on the next few days .
Will the campaign against Nestle continue across the social - media sphere , which is nothing if not fickle ?
Will the story have legs with news sources ?
Will consumers threatening to boycott follow - through ?
Will Nestle cave in or continue its statement that it will switch over to sustainable sources … in 2015 ?
But , for individual protestors the question is really something far deeper : does our voice matter ?
Collectively , on the Internet , can we make the world a better place ?
Whatever happens next , there is no doubt that we are in uncharted territory .
Related articles
Video : Nestle ’s attempt to censor Greenpeace palm oil ad backfires
( 03/19/2010 )
In a bold online video , the environmental group Greenpeace cleverly links candy - giant Nestle to oil palm - related deforestation and the deaths of orangutans .
Cleary angered over the video , Nestle struck back by having it banned from YouTube and replaced with this statement : “ This video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by Société des Produits Nestlé S.A. ”
However Nestle ’s reaction to the video only spread it far and wide ( see the ad below ) : social network sites like Twitter , Facebook , and Reddit were all flooded with the ad as well as rising criticism against Nestle — one of the world ’s largest food producers — including calls for boycotts .
Why we are failing orangutans
( 03/01/2010 )
It is no secret that orangutans are threatened with extinction because their rain forests are being destroyed at an alarming rate .
Ten years ago , Shawn Thompson , a writer , former journalist and university professor , set out to chronicle the threat to orangutans in a book released in March 2010 .
The book is called The Intimate Ape : Orangutans and the Secret Life of a Vanishing Species .
The book spends most of the time talking about the nature of orangutans and the relationships between orangutans and people .
But the ultimate underlying message is there about the source of the peril to orangutans and the solution .
Thompson says that the problem of saving orangutans has to do with communications and human nature .
Cargill sells palm oil business in Papua New Guinea
( 02/26/2010 ) Cargill will sell off its palm oil holdings in Papua New Guinea ( PNG ) to focus on operations in Indonesia , reports the Star Tribune .
The $ 175 million sale involves 62,000 ha of oil palm across three plantations and several mills .
BBC documentary leads Unilever to blacklist Indonesian palm oil company
( 02/24/2010 ) Unilever has told Indonesian suppliers to stop sourcing palm oil from Duta Palma due to concerns over deforestation , reports Reuters .
Conflicting signals out of Indonesia on whether palm oil plantations will be classified as forests
( 02/23/2010 ) Indonesia will not allow the conversion of natural forest for oil palm plantations , claimed the country ’s Forestry Minister Zulkifli Hasan in comments reported by the Jakarta Post .
Indonesia to target New Guinea for agricultural expansion
( 02/22/2010 ) Indonesia will target its last frontier — its territory on New Guinea — as it seeks to become a major agricultural exporter , reports the AFP .
Where two worlds collide : visiting Tabin Wildlife Reserve
( 02/21/2010 )
The vehicle stopped on the way into Tabin Wildlife Reserve as a troupe of pig - tailed macaques began making their way across the road .
In a flash a domestic dog , which may or may not have been ‘ ownerless ’ , ambushed the group .
Chaos erupted as the big predator fell upon the community .
As quickly as it began it was all over and the dog was rushing over with an infant monkey in its mouth , leaving the macaques ’ screeching out their helplessness .
As my uncustomary welcome to Tabin Wildlife Reserve shows : the park is a meeting of two worlds .
On the left side of the road leading into the reserve is a massive oil palm plantation , on the right is the rainforest and the many species the reserve protects .
Tabin , therefore , gives the visitor a unique up - close view of the debate raging in Borneo and throughout much of Southeast Asia over conservation and environment versus oil palm plantations .
Commodity trade and urbanization , rather than rural poverty , drive deforestation
( 02/07/2010 ) Deforestation is increasingly correlated to urban population growth and trade rather than rural poverty , suggesting that measures proposed to reduce deforestation will be ineffective if they fail to address demand for commodities produced on forest lands , argues a new paper published in Nature GeoScience .
Certified palm oil sales accelerate
( 02/05/2010 )
For the first time , sales of certified sustainable palm oil have nearly met production , reports the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) , a group that has developed the leading environmental certification standard for palm oil .
EU : rainforests can be converted to palm oil plantations for biofuel production
( 02/04/2010 ) The European Union may be planning to classify oil palm plantations as forests , raising fears among environmental groups of expanded conversion of tropical rainforests for biofuel production , reports the EUobserver , which cites a leaked document from the European Commission .
The draft document shows that policymakers are considering language that would specifically allow use of biofuels produced via conversion of rainforests to oil palm plantations .
Half of Indonesia ’s species remain unknown
( 02/02/2010 ) Incorporating 17,000 tropical islands , Indonesia is one of the world ’s richest areas of biodiversity .
However , according to the Jakarta Post , over half of this biodiversity remains unrecorded with only 20 of the more than 400 regencies in the country recording species .
Cheerios maker linked to rainforest destruction
( 01/19/2010 )
An activist group linked General Mills to destruction of rainforests in Southeast Asia in dramatic fashion on Tuesday , when it unfurled a giant banner , reading “ Warning : General Mills Destroys Rainforests ” , outside the company ’s Minneapolis headquarters building .
Orangutans vs palm oil in Malaysia : setting the record straight
( 01/16/2010 ) The Malaysian palm oil industry has been broadly accused of contributing to the dramatic decline in orangutan populations in Sabah , a state in northern Borneo , over the past 30 years .
The industry has staunchly denied these charges and responded with marketing campaigns claiming the opposite : that oil palm plantations can support and nourish the great red apes .
The issue came to a head last October at the Orangutan Colloquium held in Kota Kinabalu .
There , confronted by orangutan biologists , the palm oil industry pledged to support restoring forest corridors along rivers in order to help facilitate movement of orangutans between remaining forest reserves across seas of oil palm plantations .
Attending NGOs agreed that they would need to work with industry to find a balance that would allow the ongoing survival of orangutans in the wild .
Nevertheless the conference was still marked by much of the same rhetoric that has characterized most of these meetings — chief palm oil industry officials again made dubious claims about the environmental stewardship of the industry .
However this time there was at least acknowledgment that palm oil needs to play an active role in conservation .
Company seeks to log forest reserve for palm oil in Uganda
( 01/15/2010 ) A company in Uganda is pressuring the environment ministry to allow it to log a protected forest reserve to establish a palm oil plantation , reports The New Vision .
India becomes largest buyer of palm oil
( 01/14/2010 ) India surpassed China as the world ’s largest buyer of palm oil in 2009 , reports Bloomberg .
Consumers should help pay the bill for ‘ greener ’ palm oil
( 01/12/2010 ) Palm oil is one of the world ’s most traded and versatile agricultural commodities .
It can be used as edible vegetable oil , industrial lubricant , raw material in cosmetic and skincare products and feedstock for biofuel production .
Growing global demand for palm oil and the ensuing cropland expansion has been blamed for a wide range of environmental ills , including tropical deforestation , peatland degradation , biodiversity loss and CO2 emissions .
In response to these concerns , a group of stakeholders — including activists , investors , producers and retailers — formed the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) to develop a certification scheme for palm oil produced through environmentally - and socially - responsible ways .
It is widely anticipated that the creation of a premium market for RSPO - certified sustainable palm oil ( CSPO ) would incentivize palm oil producers to improve their management practices .
Indonesia to plant and restore vast area of forest to reach emissions target
( 01/07/2010 ) Indonesia will rehabilitate degraded forests and plant millions of hectares of new forests to meet its target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions 26 percent from projected levels by 2020 , reports Reuters .
Forest destruction by Sinar Mas undermines efforts to develop and promote greener palm oil
( 12/14/2009 )
An investigation commissioned by Unilever , the world ’s largest buyer of palm oil , confirms that Indonesian group Sinar Mas , the world ’s second largest producer of palm oil , has been destroying forests and peatlands despite committing to “ greener ” palm oil production as a member of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) .
Unilever has now suspended its $ 32.6 million contract with Sinar Mas .
Unilever suspends palm oil contract after supplier found to be destroying rainforests
( 12/12/2009 )
The world ’s largest user of palm oil , Unilever , has suspended its $ 32.6 million contract with the Indonesian group Sinar Mas after an independent audit proved that Sinar Mas is involved in the destruction of rainforest , reports Reuters .
The audit was conducted early this year after a report by Greenpeace alleged that Sinar Mas was engaged in deforestation and the draining of peatlands , both of which release significant amounts of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere .
Deforestation across Indonesia and Malaysia , in part for oil palm plantations , has also added pressure on many many endangered species , including orangutans , tigers , elephants , and rhinos .
Indonesia could double oil palm plantation area
( 12/02/2009 ) Indonesia has 18 million hectares of land suitable for oil palm cultivation , nearly twice the 9.7 million hectares that have already been allocated for plantations , said Agriculture Minister Suswono said at the opening of the 5th Indonesian Palm Oil Conference in Bali .
Face - to - face with what may be the last of the world ’s smallest rhino , the Bornean rhinoceros
( 12/01/2009 )
Nothing can really prepare a person for coming face - to - face with what may be the last of a species .
I had known for a week that I would be fortunate enough to meet Tam .
I ’d heard stories of his gentle demeanor , discussed his current situation with experts , and read everything I could find about this surprising individual .
But still , walking up to the pen where Tam stood contentedly pulling leaves from the hands of a local ranger , hearing him snort and whistle , watching as he rattled the bars with his blunted horn , I felt like I was walking into a place I was n’t meant to be .
As though I was treading on his , Tam ’s space : entering into a cool deep forest where mud wallows and shadows still linger .
This was Tam ’s world ; or at least it should be .
Oil palm workers still below poverty line , despite Minister ’s statements
( 11/19/2009 ) On October 19th , Plantation Industries and Commodities Minister Tan Sri Bernard Dompok told parliament that oil palm harvesters and rubber tappers are living above Malaysia ’s national poverty line , according to a story in the Malaysian Insider .
But now representatives of the workers are saying Dompok lied .
“ Responsible ” palm oil producers pledge not to develop endangered Sumatra rainforest
( 11/13/2009 ) Members of the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil ( RSPO ) , an initiative developing criteria to improve the environmental performance of palm oil , agreed to declare the Bukit Tigapuluh Ecosystem in Sumatra a ‘ high conservation value area ’ .
The decision , voted on by RSPO General Assembly members at the group ’s annual meeting earlier this month in Kuala Lumpur , effectively bans oil palm development of the endangered forest ecosystem by RSPO members .
Blackwashing by NGOs , greenwashing by corporations , threatens environmental progress
( 11/12/2009 ) Misinformation campaigns by both corporations and environmental groups threaten to undermine efforts to conserve biodiversity and reduce environmental degradation , argues a new paper published in the journal Biotropica .
Growing concerns over climate change and unsustainable resource extraction have put companies that exploit the environment in the spotlight .
Some firms have responded by taking measures to reduce their environmental impact .
Others have alternatively engaged in sophisticated marketing campaigns intended to mislead consumers on their environmental performance , maintaining that environmentally - destructive practices are instead benign .
At the same time some activist groups have been guilty of exaggerating claims of environmental misconduct in order to boost support for their campaigns and therefore their fundraising efforts .
Palm oil developers push into Indonesia ’s last frontier : Papua
( 11/10/2009 ) Oil palm developers in the Indonesian half of New Guinea are signing questionable deals that exploit local communities and put important forest ecosystems at risk , alleges a new report from Environmental Investigation Agency ( EIA ) and Telapak .
40 % of lowland forests in Sumatra and Indonesian Borneo cleared in 15 years
( 11/10/2009 ) Forty percent of lowland forests in Sumatra and Kalimantan ( Indonesian Borneo ) were cleared from 1990 to 2005 , reports a new high resolution assessment of land cover change in Indonesia .
Photos : Palm oil threatens Borneo ’s rarest cats
( 11/04/2009 ) Oil palm expansion is threatening Borneo ’s rarest wild cats , reports a new study based on three years of fieldwork and more than 17,000 camera trap nights .
Studying cats in five locations — each with different environments — in Sabah , Malaysian Borneo , researchers found that four of five cat species are threatened by habitat loss due to palm oil plantations .
“ No other place has a higher percentage of threatened wild cats ! ” Jim Sanderson , an expert on the world ’s small cats , told Mongabay.com .
Pointing out that 80 percent of Borneo ’s cats face extinction , Sanderson said that “ not one of these wild cats poses a direct threat to humans . ”
A new study commissioned by the United Nations Environmental Programme ( UNEP ) demonstrates that unclean water for drinking as well as for sanitation services is responsible for more deaths than all forms of violence , including war .
“ These deaths are an affront to our common humanity , and undermine the efforts of many countries to achieve their development potential , ” UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said today , World Water Day .
There are two primary challenges surrounding water : quantity and quality .
The study titled “ Clearing the Water : A Focus on Water Quality Solutions ” plunges into the latter challenge as fulfilling cleaner water standards is currently the more achievable goal .
“ The fact is that , often as a result of mismanagement , much of the water that is available in developing but also developed economies is polluted and contaminated to varying levels . ” ~ Achim Steiner , UNEP Executive Director
There are three major goals for the movement and supported by the report :
Focus on pollution prevention
Expand and improve water and waste - water treatment
Restore , manage , and protect ecosystems
The comprehensive report , 91 - pages in all , goes beyond suggestions and assumptions often associated with these types of studies .
With 7 authors , an editor , and over 100 reference sources , the focus is on establishing solutions by highlighting the problems and offering alternatives to current practices .
Here are some quick facts from the report :
2 million tons of untreated sewage and industrial and agricultural waste are dumped daily
1 child under the 5 - years - old dies every 20 seconds from water - related diseases
$ 20 million worth of water technologies , such as drip irrigation and treadle pumps , could lift 100 million farming families out of extreme poverty
Over 50 % of treated water is lost to leaks
900 million people around the world do not have access to clean water
2.7 billion others lack sanitation facilities
Download the entire 91 - page document , Clearing the Water : A Focus on Water Quality Solutions .
Oil supply is not infinite .
Sooner or later it will run out .
The interesting speculation is when that will happen .
In a recent publication ( ACS Energy and Fuels ) , several Kuwait scientists have studied this matter with a multicycle Hubbert model .
The original Hubbert model in 1956 , accurately predicted that oil production would peak in the United States around 1970 .
The model has since gained in popularity and has been used to forecast oil production worldwide .
However , recent studies show that the model does not take into account more complex oil production cycles of some countries .
Those cycles can be heavily influenced by technology changes , politics , social upheavals , and other factors .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
In 2008 there were dramatic and unprecedented fluctuations in oil prices .
The price per barrel rose to $ 140 which was an all time high ; then the price plunged to less than $ 50 / barrel by the end of the year losing more than 64 % of the maximum price in less than a three months period .
The supply of crude oil in the international market oscillated accordingly .
This behavior affected oil production in all exporting countries .
Yet despite the fluctuations demand for crude oil in some developing countries , such as China and India , has increased in the past few years because of the rapid growth in the transportation sector and consumer demand .
The rapid growth in fuel demand has forced policy makers worldwide to include uninterrupted crude oil supply as a vital priority in their economic and strategic planning .
Yet world oil supplies have to come to an end .
Forecasting the future is always difficult .
With oil some new supply source may be discovered in some unsuspected geographical location as one example .
Demand may also increase and wars may consume yet more .
Alternate energy sources may also be used or discovered .
Accurate prediction of oil production is affected by fluctuating ecological , economical , social , and political factors , which impose many restrictions on its exploration , transportation , and supply and demand .
The Kuwait study was done to develop a model to predict world crude oil supply with better accuracy than the existing models .
The original Hubbert peak theory posits that for any given geographical area , from an individual oil producing region to the planet as a whole , the rate of petroleum production tends to follow a bell shaped curve .
Choosing a particular curve determines a point of maximum production based on discovery rates , production rates and cumulative production .
Early in the curve ( pre-peak ) , the production rate increases because of the discovery rate and the addition of infrastructure .
Late in the curve ( post - peak ) , production declines because of resource depletion .
Hubbert 's Peak was achieved in the continental US in the early 1970s .
Oil production peaked at 10.2 million barrels a day .
Since then , it has been in a gradual decline .
The new Kuwait approach originates from the Hubbert model , it overcomes the limitations and restrictions associated with the original Hubbert model .
As opposed to Hubbert single cycle model , this model has more than one cycle depending on the historical oil production trend and known oil reserves .
The world production is estimated to peak in 2014 at a rate of 79 million barrels / day .
OPEC has a remaining reserve of 909 barrels , which is about 78 % of the world reserves .
OPEC production is expected to peak in 2026 at a rate of 53 million barrels / day .
On the basis of 2005 world crude oil production and current recovery techniques , the world oil reserves are being depleted at an annual rate of 2.1 % .
Other models predict peak oil production to occur anywhere from today to 2030 .
The exact date , of course , will not be known until it happens .
Dramatic fluctuation in oil prices will continue and a new lifestyle for all of us will have to happen sooner or later .
For further information : http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/ef901240p?prevSearch=oil%2Bkuwait&searchHistoryKey=
One thing that has always intrigued me about elephants is how the people who drive them manage to control the beast without a harness .
There have to be ways , since it can be done , but it can not be simple .
So elephant driving may be seen as as a metaphor for controlling complex systems .
What you 'll find below is a talk that I gave on this subject at a recent meeting in Italy .
It is not a transcription , but a version written from memory that tries to maintain the style and the sense of what I said .
Thank you ladies and gentlemen for being here today .
I see that most of you are entrepreneurs or company managers and so it is a real pleasure to have a chance to speak to you .
We , the academics , can only speak about what is to be done , but you are the people who can get things done .
For this reason , I thought that I could tell you something that might be useful to you .
So , I 'll be speaking about elephants .
Now , of course this is a joke .
This talk will not be about elephants ; not as the main subject , at least .
What I know about driving elephants comes mostly from a story by Rudyard Kipling that I read long ago and that , of course , is not enough for me to qualify as an expert on elephants .
What I have in mind , instead , is to tell you something about control theory .
But , since we were supposed to have parallel sessions today , if I had mentioned control theory in the title to my talk I was afraid that nobody would have appeared to listen to it .
So , I mentioned elephants , instead .
From this , at least , you have learned that even academics may know something about marketing .
The elephant is a nice metaphor for what I would like to tell you today .
You see , you can't fit a harness to an elephant , at least not of the same kind that is used for horses .
Then , how do the people who ride elephants tell the beast to start , stop , where to go and the like ?
The way it is done , I understand , is by means of such things as vocal orders , pressure with one 's legs and also by a big pointed stick that is used to prick the elephant 's head .
I do n't think the elephant is very happy about being pricked in that way ; actually , there is probably a good deal of cruelty involved .
But we 'll be using elephant driving just as a metaphor for controlling complex systems , so let me just say that it seems to work : you can control an elephant by very small external influences .
This is the core of control theory : you want to be able to control large and complex systems doing the smallest possible amount of work .
Control theory is a fascinating subject , often used for controlling such things as planes , ships , and other kinds of machinery .
It might also be used for elephants , but there is a difference .
With a car or a truck , you turn the steering wheel so much and the wheels turn of so many degrees .
You do n't need to make a big effort with the wheel to turn a large truck , but the point is that the result is proportional to the effort .
On the contrary , the elephant may not like to go the way you would like it to go and may react in ways that are not at all proportional to what the driver does .
That must make things much more difficult .
Now , there is a whole class of systems , we may call them " complex systems , " which are difficult to control because they react in ways that are not simply proportional to the intensity of an external influence .
That means economic and social systems , for instance and - perhaps - also elephants .
For what we are discussing here , we might consider that these systems are dominated by internal feedback effects .
The behavior of complex systems is often difficult to predict , but that does n't mean it is impossible and there is a whole branch of control theory that deals with this problem .
Sometimes , controlling complex system is defined as involving " cybernetics , " a term that was proposed by Norbert Wiener in 1948 .
There are several definitions of cybernetics today , but Wiener was very interested in feedback dominated systems ; that is , complex systems .
That seems to be still the main aim of cybernetics , although nowadays the term has a bit faded from public consciousness .
The term " cybernetics , " anyway , comes from a Greek word which means " rudder " and that shows what Wiener had in mind when he coined it .
A rudder is used to steer a ship and that may be a better term to use ; rather than " control " .
Especially when we think of very large complex systems such as the economy or the state , " control " sounds like what the Soviet planners were trying to do and that , as you know , turned out to be not so successful .
So , you do n't want to control every detail of the system ; you do n't want to tell the elephant how exactly to move its legs .
You just want to steer the elephant in what you think it is a good direction .
Then , the elephant knows how to walk .
We do n't have a general theory that tells us how to steer a complex system ( nor an elephant ) , but we do have good models that allow us to understand how a complex system behaves .
And if you understand how the system behaves , then you can think of what to do to make it go in a certain direction .
One of the commonly used methods to describe complex systems is called " system dynamics . "
It was developed mainly by Jay Wright Forrester in the 1950s and 1960s .
You may not have heard of Forrester , but the study known as “ The Limits to Growth ” was performed using the methods that he had developed .
You may have read that “ The Limits to Growth ” is a set of wrong predictions , a flawed study , the work of a group of eccentric ( and perhaps slightly feebleminded ) academics who had thought that the sky was falling .
That is not true – it is mostly propaganda and our tendency of believing what we like to believe .
" The Limits to Growth " ( 1972 ) and an earlier work by Forrester himself , titled " World Dynamics " ( 1971 ) , were pioneering works that showed that it is possible to understand the behavior of large and complex systems such as the whole world 's economy and , within limits , predict their evolution .
Modifying the behavior of these large and complex systems turned out to be much more difficult .
The authors of " The Limits to Growth " searched for ways to avoid the collapse that was predicted by their models .
They found that it was possible to keep the system from collapsing if we could stop the world 's economic growth and stabilize the world 's population .
That was easier said than done .
Not only the suggestion was refused , but the authors were accused of being part of a conspiracy to take over the world , to be planning to exterminate most of humankind , and similar niceties .
We are seeing a similar reaction nowadays with the global warming issue which , by the way , has to do with a large and complex system ; that of the Earth 's climate .
So , it is very difficult to control very large complex systems , if nothing else because these systems tend to resist change and sometimes react violently against those who try to control them ( maybe elephants do the same when they are pricked on the head ) .
But that does n't mean that system dynamics is useless .
If you reduce a bit your ambitions ; that is , if you do n't try to save the world , just a little bit of it , then system dynamics can give you good advice .
So , what I 'd like to tell you now is about an idea that Jay Forrester had ; that of the existence of " critical points " ( or leverage points ) in complex systems .
Points you may act on to steer the system without having to do a large effort .
A little like pressuring or pricking the elephant in some specific points of the head .
You can have a very strong effect on the system by a very small external influence .
This idea of Forrester can be found in his papers , especially those dealing with " urban dynamics , " where he reports that most of the commonly implemented policies in urban planning generate results that are opposite to those intended by the policymakers .
But Forrester 's ideas were also described and discussed in a paper that Donella Meadows wrote in 1999 with the title " Leverage Points , places to intervene in a system " .
It is a rather famous paper , also very interesting .
I strongly suggest to you to read it when you have a moment .
But let me describe its main points for you .
Donella Meadows says that it is easy for most people to identify critical points ( or leverage points ) in a system ; points which strongly affect how the system behaves .
If you think about that for thirty seconds , I am sure that you can think of several of these points in your life , in your career , in your company .
Elements that either push you onwards or prevent you to do so .
Say , your boss stops you from doing what you would want to do , or maybe your husband or your wife are not doing what you would like them to do ; that kind of things .
And here is the interesting point .
Sure ; people are good about identifying critical points ; but very bad about doing something about them .
What Forrester had noticed is that people tended to act on these points ; but pulling the levers in the wrong direction .
They would mostly act on the critical points in such a way to worsen the problems , rather than easing them .
That sounds strange at first ; but let me give you a few examples and I think you 'll agree with me ( and with Forrester ) that people do tend to pull levers in the wrong directions .
You are all involved in managing companies , so I 'll try to give you examples that have to do with industry .
Let me start with an old story , that of the whaling industry in 19th century ( this talk seems to be concerned a lot with big mammals ! ) .
In 19th century , people used whaling technologies that may appear to us a bit primitive : sailing ships and hand - held harpoons .
Nevertheless , they were efficient enough that whales were captured faster than they could reproduce , at least for some kind of whales that were relatively easy to capture .
By mid 19th century , there was a depletion problem : too many whalers and not enough whales .
The result was something similar to the reaction that we have today with of crude oil depletion .
You heard the cry : " drill , baby , drill . "
It means drill more , drill deeper , drill in places where no one had drilled before .
In the case of whaling , we could say that the reaction was something like : “ hunt , baby , hunt " .
Get more whaling ships , better equipped , going faster , and go chasing as many whales as you can .
But that worsened the problem .
The more whales were killed , the less there were in the ocean .
By the 1880s , whalers had run out of whales , at least of the kind that was hunted in that period .
So , the whole whaling industry collapsed .
Whalers should have agreed to hunt fewer whales , not more .
They should have placed quotas on the number of whales that could be captured .
That would have given time to whales to reproduce and give the whaling industry a chance to survive .
That was the right way to pull the lever ; but ; as Jay Forrester and Donella Meadows tell us , that is very difficult .
This kind of behavior has to do with the gut reaction of industry managers when they see sales going down .
Their reaction is often the same : lower prices in order to maintain one 's market share .
That may involve being more efficient , lowering the quality of the product , laying off " unnecessary staff " and , in general , cutting corners wherever possible .
That may work in the short run , if the problem is only temporary .
Then , when sales pick up again , those people who have maintained - or increased - their market share , will emerge as the winners .
But if the problem is structural , as it was in the case of whaling , then it is a suicidal strategy .
Everyone tries to keep a constant share of a market that keeps shrinking and the end result can only be collapse .
Let me make a modern example : years ago I stayed at a seaside hotel in Italy .
They have me in their mailing list and they keep sending me leaflets with their special offers .
I notice that this hotel is becoming cheaper and cheaper as time goes by .
If they keep that trend , at some moment it will be cheaper to stay there rather than eating at home .
How long can they go on reducing prices without going out of business , I can't say , but surely it can not be forever .
As I said before , lowering prices is a suicidal strategy in the long run .
Now , let 's examine the problem with Forrester 's ideas in mind - the critical points of the system .
Clearly , the manager of that hotel has correctly identified a critical point : many people can't afford any more long vacations .
So , suppose you are in charge of the hotel , what would you do ?
I think there is something here in the idea of doing exactly the opposite of what that manager is doing ; that is raise prices .
It looks a bad idea at first , but think about that for a moment .
If you can improve service , then you can gain a share of the high - end of the market ; and that fraction of the market will probably survive the crisis .
In times of crisis , rich people tend to become richer and if you want to survive in the hotel business it is the kind of customers you should aim for .
But you do n't necessarily have to stay in the tourist market .
In the end , what Forrester says is to be creative .
Do n't just fight to stay where you are .
Find new roads ; new ways of doing things .
So , stop thinking about tourists .
Think instead of transforming your hotel into a school where people can be re-trained for new jobs in a changing economy .
Train people , say , in installing solar panels .
That is something that will be needed in the future .
It is just the first idea that comes to my mind - but I am sure you understand what I mean .
You are all creative people and - if you were hotel managers - you would surely think of other possibilities .
But , unfortunately , creative people seem to be just what we are missing .
Everywhere , people are fighting as hard as they can to stay where they are .
And , as I said , that is a losing proposition .
Think of the automotive industry .
They have a lot more clout than the hotel industry and they managed to convince the government to subsidize their sales with taxpayers ' money ; it is what they call the " cash for clunkers " scheme .
But our problem is not that we are n't making enough cars - we are making too many of them !
Here in Italy , the cash for clunkers scheme has ended in December of last year and car sales have hit rock bottom .
That was n't a good idea , surely not in the long run .
Car makers should think in different ways and move to something else .
Windmills or bicycles , I do n't know , but surely we can't afford any more to make so many cars .
And there are many more examples that you can think of by yourselves .
But I do n't want to be too gloomy .
I can make for you at least one example where I know that some of your group have been pulling the levers in the right direction : waste management .
You see , it is possible to make the right choices by being creative and seeking new ways .
As you know , waste management is a critical point of the economy ; especially for us in Italy .
Small country , lots of people and lots of waste .
It is a real problem , even though some people are exaggerating it a little .
You know that most Italian politicians , independently of whether they belong to the left or to the right , seem to agree on what is to be done .
It is , “ burn , baby , burn . ”
Build incinerators to get rid of waste and get energy as a boon from the combustion .
It is what is called the “ waste to energy ” scheme which , in Italy , has been given the fancy name of “ thermovalorization ” .
Now , I think that this is another example of pulling the lever in the wrong direction .
If you use incinerators to produce electric power , then you 'll find that you need waste .
Not just that , you also need that specific kind of waste which contains a lot of plastics , which has a high heating power .
So , you 'll be in trouble if there is not enough waste of the right kind .
And that is what is happening right now : with the contraction of the economy there is less waste and it is waste with a smaller content of plastics .
So , you have invested in all those expensive incinerators and there is not enough fuel for them .
You did n't solve the problem , you created a bigger one .
Fortunately , some people have understood what the real solution of the waste problem is .
It means to pull the lever in the right direction : reduce waste ; generate as little of it as possible ; zero , if you can .
“ Zero waste ” may be an impossible goal , but if you aim in that direction you will always reduce the size of the problem , never increase it .
Of course , there are many ways to reduce waste production – some of you are more expert than me in this field , so I am not going to discuss this point .
But I think waste management is a good example of how society may react to a problem .
At present , the bad solution - incineration - seems to be winning , at least in Italy .
But I think that in the long run what is to be done will appear clear to everyone and , at that point , even politicians will start pushing in the right direction – some of them are doing that already .
So , I gave to you just a few examples of Forrester 's idea about critical points .
It is a very powerful mental tool and not just for the kind of problems I described .
It may work even for your everyday life - even if you are not an elephant driver .
You probably are engaged in such things as finding money , finding a job , getting a degree .
Maybe you have problems with your relation with your children , your spouse , your boss , your coworkers .
Sometimes these problems seem to be enormously difficult .
Now , consider that one reason might be that you are pushing in the wrong direction .
I am not saying that changing that direction will work every time , but you may at least consider it .
It is , in the end , about being a bit creative .
Try it .
I wish to thank Costellazione Apulia for giving me the possibility of giving this talk in a nice and friendly environment at the meeting " Raccontami una Storia " in Martina Franca , Italy , on March 19th 2010 .
References
The paper by Donella Meadows about leverage points is at ( http://www.sustainer.org/pubs/Leverage_Points.pdf)
The story by Rudyard Kipling that I have mentioned is titled " Toomai of the elephants " and you can find it , for instance , at http://www.authorama.com/jungle-book-11.html
As I mentioned whales in addition to elephants , you can find a paper of mine on the subject at http://www.theoildrum.com/node/3960
About the negative reaction against " The Limits to Growth " you can give a look to a paper of mine titled " Cassandra 's curse : how " the limits to growth was demonized " at www.theoildrum.com/node/3551
Head of ' Climategate ' research unit admits sending ' pretty awful emails ' to hide data
Scientists at the heart of the Climategate row were yesterday accused by a leading academic body of undermining science 's credibility .
The Institute of Physics said ' worrying implications ' had been raised after it was revealed the University of East Anglia had manipulated data on global warming .
The rebuke - the strongest yet from the scientific community - came as Professor Phil Jones , the researcher at the heart of the scandal , told MPs he had written ' some pretty awful emails ' - but denied trying to suppress data .
On the spot : Professor Phil Jones being grilled by the Science and Technology committee in the Commons yesterday
The Climategate row , which was first revealed by the Daily Mail in November , was triggered when a hacker stole hundreds of emails sent from East Anglia 's Climatic Research Unit .
They revealed scientists plotting how to avoid responding to Freedom of Information requests from climate change sceptics .
Some even appeared to show the researchers discussing how to manipulate raw data from tree rings about historical temperatures .
In one , Professor Jones talks about using a ' trick ' to massage figures and ' hide the decline ' .
Giving evidence to a Science and Technology Committee inquiry , the Institute of Physics said : ' Unless the disclosed emails are proved to be forgeries or adaptations , worrying implications arise for the integrity of scientific research and for the credibility of the scientific method .
' The principle that scientists should be willing to expose their results to independent testing and replication by others , which requires the open exchange of data , procedures and materials , is vital . '
Last month , the Information Commissioner ruled the CRU had broken Freedom of Information rules by refusing to hand over raw data .
But yesterday Professor Jones - in his first public appearance since the scandal broke - denied manipulating the figures .
Looking pale and clasping his shaking hands in front of him , he told MPs : ' I have obviously written some pretty awful emails . '
He admitted withholding data about global temperatures but said the information was publicly available from American websites .
And he claimed it was not ' standard practice ' to release data and computer models so other scientists could check and challenge research .
' I do n't think there is anything in those emails that really supports any view that I , or the CRU , have been trying to pervert the peer review process in any way , ' he said .
Professor Jones , who was forced to stand down as head of the CRU last year , also insisted the scientific findings on climate change were robust .
By Frosty Wooldridge
Part 10 : too many people , too little water , too little energy , too little resources
In a brilliantly written book , Too Many People by Lindsey Grant , former Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Environment and Population Affairs , he brought a lifetime of global experience into his profoundly direct book .
No matter how much the mainstream media , which includes all major television networks , radio and print — do , to avoid , ignore and evade the population issue — it rears its ugly head in every newscast — daily across the United States and around the world .
Notice how National Public Radio , Public Broadcasting Service and local TV stations do not mention or engage any connection of any problem of “ too many people . ”
For example : if you wander through the streets of India , their ‘ sacred cow ’ is actually a cow .
And , those cows by the hundreds of thousands wonder all over the streets in India , creating horrid cow waste , urine waste and generally mess up everything , but since Indians consider them ‘ sacred ’ , no one will do anything about them .
While ABC , CBS , NBC , CNN and FOX report on terrible problems with collapsing fisheries , extinction rates , air pollution , acidified oceans and climate destabilization — they wo n’t touch the ‘ sacred cow ’ of human overpopulation .
They cannot avoid its brutal reality much longer .
“ In this essay , I will survey the current evidence and make the case that we can turn the present deteriorating system around only by ending infatuation with growth and embracing the idea of a return to a smaller population , ” said Grant .
“ Our future depends on learning to come into better balance with the rest of nature and to find a sustainable relationship we have yet to achieve . ”
SOMETHING NEW ON EARTH
“ Human systems have grown to the point at which the damage we do has become intolerable , not only to other species , [ Human encroachment causes the extinction of 80 to 100 species daily around the globe .
The die - off is so great that it is called the ‘ sixth extinction ’ session . ] , and thus , dangerous to our own future , ” said Grant .
“ As our problems have been caused or compounded by the growth of populations and economic activity , their solutions requires that we turn growth around . ”
Consequently , we stand at a critical juncture as indicated by Dr. Jack Alpert , www.skil.org, where he calls for a ‘ rapid population decline ’ of one child per woman worldwide if we are to survive the 21st century .
He makes the cogent case , that if we desire to live at the present wealth and resource use level as the United States , we must drop to 100 million humans worldwide .
If we fail to make the drop gracefully by birth control and family planning , Mother Nature will do it for us , rather brutally .
See Alpert ’s video : Rapid Population Decline , seven minute video by Dr. Jack Alpert - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTWduFB_RX0
Grant states the ugly obvious , “ All these issues have a self - evident connection to population growth .
I find it astonishing that the technically literate seldom touch upon that connection and never — almost literally never — mention population policy as part of the solution . ”
Energy expert Richard Heinberg said the same thing after last year ’s Global Climate Conference in Denmark :
" ... the discussions in Denmark took place in a conceptual fantasy world in which climate change is the only global crisis that matters much ; in which rapid economic growth is still an option ; in which fossil fuels are practically limitless ; in which a western middle class staring at the prospect of penury can be persuaded voluntarily to transfer a significant portion of its rapidly evaporating wealth to other nations ; in which subsistence farmers in poor nations should all aspire to become middle - class urbanites ; and in which the subject of human overpopulation can barely be mentioned .
...
It 's no wonder more was n't achieved in Copenhagen . "
http://us1.campaign-archive.com/?u=311db31977054c5ef58219392&id=1853646c28&e=411677039a
In Grant ’s second chapter , he hits on the simple reality of our predicament , “ The United States ’ population was 75 million in 1900 .
It is now about 275 million .
It may well grow to 404 million by 2050 .
Migration pressure is a product of overcrowding on the land , of unemployment and wage differentials , all of which are driven by population growth .
Those driving forces would subside if somehow the growth should stop or turn around . ”
[ Too Many People published in 2000 , and by October 2006 , U.S. population reached 300 million .
Current predictions say U.S. will reach 438 million by 2050 , which shows how fast population has exceeded Grant ’s predictions . ]
FASTER AND FASTER TO A HIGHLY DESTRUCTIVE ENDING
In my world travels , I witnessed horrific ocean damage in dead zones at the mouths of rivers out of the U.S. , China , India , Brazil and Europe .
Really ugly stuff !
Also , it ’s beyond imagination that humans could and are , for the past 20 years , killing 100 million sharks annually .
Humans ‘ clear cut ’ the oceans with 40 mile long drift nets that grab everything and kill it .
Then , when cut away and left hanging on reefs , those plastic nets continue slaughtering millions of hapless marine creatures forever .
“ The whole world is engaged in a pell - mell race to grow faster — driving toward an impossible objective .
It is a daunting objective : the idea of a race to increase economic activity in a world already under stress , ” said Grant .
THE FINAL ARBITERS FOR HUMAN EXPANION : WATER AND FOOD
While we enjoyed the ‘ green revolution ’ to produce more food back in the 1970s , it unfortunately resulted in another three billion humans added to planet in a blink of time .
To give you an idea of how crazy our human predicament : Bangladesh , with a landmass the size of Iowa , carries an astounding 144 million people .
Demographers predict they will add another 100 million in 40 years with their extraordinary birthrates .
Canadian environmentalist Tim Murray laments , “ Humans are too dumb to survive . ”
Currently , you can look this up : 18 million human beings die of starvation or starvation related diseases annually around the world .
( Source : World Health Organization )
That ’s eight million adults and 10 million children .
Grant talks about food and we will address that in the next part of this series .
##
PART 1 : OVERPOPULATION IN 21ST CENTURY AMERICA--OUR PERILOUS FUTURE
http://denver.yourhub.com/Denver/Blogs/Your-Voice/Blog~736396.aspx
PART 2 : OVERPOPULATION IN 21ST CENTURY AMERICA — FROG IN THE POT METAPHOR
http://denver.yourhub.com/Denver/Blogs/Your-Voice/Blog~738079.aspx
PART 3 : OVERPOPULATION IN 21ST CENTURY AMERICA — 1,700 PEOPLE ADDED TO CALIFORNIA DAILY
http://denver.yourhub.com/Denver/Blogs/Your-Voice/Blog~739521.aspx
PART 4 : OVERPOPULATION IN 21ST CENTURY AMERICA-NOBODY EVER DIES OF OVERPOPULATION
http://denver.yourhub.com/Denver/Blogs/Your-Voice/Blog~741327.aspx
PART 5 : OVERPOPULATION IN 21ST CENTURY AMERICA-POISONING
OUR WORLD
http://denver.yourhub.com/Denver/Blogs/Your-Voice/Blog~742494.aspx
PART 6 : OVERPOPULATION IN 21ST CENTURY AMERICA — ACCELERATED
POISONING OF OUR WORLD
By Frosty Wooldridge
http://denver.yourhub.com/Denver/Blogs/Your-Voice/Blog~745408.aspx
PART 7 : OVERPOPULATION IN 21ST CENTURY AMERICA-QUALITY OF LIFE IN AN OVERCROWDED WORLD
By Frosty Wooldridge
http://denver.yourhub.com/Denver/Blogs/Your-Voice/Blog~749655.aspx
PART 8 : OVERPOPULATION IN 21ST CENTURY AMERICA—ENDLESS GROWTH LEADS TO LOWERED QUALITY OF LIFE
http://denver.yourhub.com/Denver/Blogs/Your-Voice/Blog~753970.aspx
If any of us , no matter what our race , creed or color might be , refuse to engage our U.S. Congress as we have not for 30 years as to the population / immigration equation — our children will find themselves living in a terribly degraded America where the American Dream will be described by the history books as a ‘ fleeting fantasy ’ from the era of 1950 to 2010 .
These are several of the top organizations where you can take collective action to change the course of American history as well as in Canada , the United Kingdom and Australia .
Take collective action at www.numbersusa.com ; www.fairus.org ; www.capsweb.org ; www.thesocialcontract.com ; www.populationmedia.org ; www.worldpopulationbalance.org ; www.populationconnection.org ; www.quinacrine.com ; www.familyplanning.org/ , www.skil.org ; www.growthbusters.com ; www.populationpress.org ; www.thinkpopulation.org ; www.carryingcapacity.org ; www.balance.org ; www.controlgrowth.org ; in Canada www.immigrationwatchcanada.org ; in Australia www.population.org.au and PublicPopForum@yahoogroups.com ; in Great Britain www.optimumpopulation.org ; and dozens of other sites accessed at www.frostywooldridge.com.
International Services Assistance Fund web site : www.isafonline.org , please contact Mr. Don Collins at dcoll28416@aol.com for more information .
Must see DVD : “ Blind Spot ” http://www.snagfilms.com/films/title/blind_spot/ ,
This movie illustrates America ’s future without oil , water and other resources to keep this civilization functioning .
It ’s a brilliant educational movie !
www.blindspotdoc.com
Must see : Rapid Population Decline , seven minute video by Dr. Jack Alpert -
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VTWduFB_RX0
Must see and funny : www.growthbusters.org ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FXSTrW_dARc
Dave Gardner ’s Polar Bear in Bedroom : http://growthbusters.org/2010/03/save-the-polar-bear-in-your-bedroom
; Dave Gardner , President , Citizen - Powered Media ; Producing the Documentary , GROWTH BUSTERS ; presents Hooked on Growth : Our Misguided Quest for Prosperity , Join the cause at www .growthbusters.org ; 760 Wycliffe Drive , Colorado Springs , CO 80906 USA ; +1 719-576-5565
Chris Clugston : Following is a high level summary of a detailed analysis of America ’s “ predicament ” and it ’s inevitable consequences .
The complete analysis and associated models , evidence , and references can be found at http://www.wakeupamerika.com/PDFs/On-American-Sustainability.pdf.
On American Sustainability — Anatomy of a Societal Collapse ( Summary )
coclugston@comcast.net ; www.wakeupamerika.com
Exceptional books on this subject :
Too Many People by Lindsey Grant
Peak Everything : Facing a Century of Declines by Richard Heinberg
The Long Emergency by James Howard Kunstler
##
Frosty Wooldridge has bicycled across six continents – from the Arctic to the South Pole – as well as six times across the USA , coast to coast and border to border .
In 2005 , he bicycled from the Arctic Circle , Norway to Athens , Greece .
He presents “ The Coming Population Crisis in America : and what you can do about it ” to civic clubs , church groups , high schools and colleges .
He works to bring about sensible world population balance at www.frostywooldridge.com
He is the author of : America on the Brink : The Next Added 100 Million Americans .
Copies available : 1 888 280 7715
Labels : overpopulation in America
Release Notes for Clozure CL 1.5
Supported Platforms
Clozure CL 1.5 runs on the following platforms :
Mac OS X 10.5 and later ( x86 , x86-64 , ppc32 , ppc64 )
Linux ( x86 , x86-64 , ppc32 , ppc64 )
FreeBSD 6.x and later ( x86 , x86-64 )
Solaris ( x86 , x86-64 )
Microsoft Windows XP and later ( x86 , x86-64 )
The preferred way to get Clozure CL is via Subversion .
For example , to get CCL for Mac OS X on x86 , one would run the following command from a shell prompt :
$ svn co http://svn.clozure.com/publicsvn/openmcl/release/1.5/darwinx86/ccl
Versions for other platforms are available by changing the darwinx86 to one of linuxx86 , freebsdx86 , solarisx86 , windows , darwinppc , or linuxppc .
Both 32 bit and 64 bit binaries are included with all versions .
See also ​http://trac.clozure.com/openmcl/wiki/SystemRequirements.
Reporting Bugs
Please use the Trac instance at http://trac.clozure.com/ccl to review existing bug reports and to submit new ones .
Known Problems
The 32 - bit Windows lisp still does n't run on 64 - bit Windows .
Notable Changes
There have been numerous bug fixes and enhancements ; here we call out a few that seem worth highlighting .
General
The fasl file and image file versions have changed since CCL 1.4 .
This means that old fasl files will need to be recompiled , and saved heap images will need to be rebuilt .
Mac OS X 10.5 ( Leopard ) is now the minimum operating system version for Macintosh systems .
The lisp kernel is built against the 10.5 SDK , so Snow Leopard users no longer have to do anything special to compile it .
CL:RANDOM has been improved .
It now uses the MRG31k3 p generator described in
L'Ecuyer and R. Touzin , " Fast Combined Multiple Recursive
Generators with Multipliers of the form a = +/- 2d +/- 2e " , Proceedings of the 2000 Winter Simulation Conference , Dec. 2000 , 683--689 .
This generator has a period of about 2185 and its output has good statistical properties .
PURIFY now works on the x86 ports .
Objects which are purified are copied into an area of memory that is not scanned by the GC .
( Only functions and ivectors can be purified . )
Possible benefits include reduced GC time and improved virtual memory sharing when multiple lisp instances of the same lisp image are run simultaneously .
SAVE - APPLICATION purifies the heap by default .
Every once in a while , a constant definition changes in the CCL sources .
This normally CERRORs , but this often confuses users who are tracking the sources to stay up - to - date .
Therefore , REBUILD -CCL now suppresses constant - redefinition warnings when either :CLEAN or : FORCE is in effect ( : FULL puts both in effect ) .
The I/O variables bound by WITH - STANDARD-IO - SYNTAX ( * PRINT - BASE * , * PRINT - ARRAY * , etc. ) are now thread local .
They are initialized to their static / default values , rather than the values that WITH - STANDARD -IO - SYNTAX considers " standard " .
Bivalent vector streams are a new addition .
They are similar to string streams , but use vectors of ( UNSIGNED - BYTE 8 ) .
See VectorStreams for documentation .
The lisp kernel will no longer look for a heap image named by a case - inverted lisp kernel name if a heap image with a " .image " suffix can not be found .
( r13592 )
CCL:HEAP -UTILIZATION
now has some more output options ; see the docstring .
CCL : COLLECT -HEAP -UTILIZATION
is the guts of HEAP - UTILIZATION , now sold separately .
CCL:HEAP-IVECTOR -UTILIZATION
lists the types and sizes of allocated heap ivectors ( cf. MAKE - HEAP-IVECTOR ) .
On Linux / x8664 systems , a number of utilities are available for post - mortem analysis of Unix core files produced from a lisp process .
See MemoryUtils for documentation .
The function IDOM - HEAP - UTILIZATION is based on some of the ideas found in the following papers :
Cocoa IDE
The format of the preferences files for the Cocoa - based IDE has changed .
This will probably cause the following error message :
Error : Objective - C runtime exception : *** -[NSKeyedUnarchiver initForReadingWithData : ] : non-keyed archive cannot be decoded by NSKeyed Unarchiver
To solve it , go to ~/ Library / Preferences /?
and delete the preference files beginning with " com.clozure .
Clozure " .
JERUSALEM — The U.S. Middle East envoy , George Mitchell , has come and gone , again , with peace talks still on hold and one Israeli commentator , Yossi Sarid , musing that “ the Israeli - Palestinian conflict is a black hole that swallows up goodwill ambassadors through the ages . ”
I ca n’t argue with that .
Cold wars come and go , new technologies transform the world , but the clash of Zionism and Palestinian nationalism in the Holy Land defeats resolution .
Right now , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thinks Palestinians are “ up a tree ” ( a eucalyptus tree , to be precise ) and Palestinians think Netanyahu ’s a deceitful bully ( the lead Palestinian negotiator , Saeb Erekat , characterized his tone as , “ Come here , boy , we know what ’s best for you . ” )
Feeling optimistic already ?
I confess I am — or rather , the complete despair about the “ peace process ” with which I arrived in Israel has eased .
O.K. , that ’s not exactly optimism , but in the Middle East small mercies count .
VARIOUS STATES OF UNDRESS
Frolicking on the first date
Stop it with the s-word already
“ If a girl will sleep with me on the first date , she ’s a slut . ”
An acquaintance recently let that slip during beers at the pub on Thursday night .
I had to take a big gulp of my UFO while I regained my composure .
I ’m not even going into how fucked up it is that guys call girls “ sluts ” — that deserves its own 750 words — but I just ca n’t believe that , in this day and age , having sex on the first date still carries such a stigma .
Society has conditioned girls to hold off on sex if they want to be respected and taken seriously by guys , and that ’s just a crock of shit .
I believe that if a girl is out with a guy and she wants to sleep with him and he wants to sleep with her , she should do it without any concern for what others ( guy included ) might think , so long as she is comfortable with her decision .
Some of the guys I talked to told me that if a girl is really interested in a guy , she should hold off on sleeping with him too soon because she risks him losing interest if she does .
So , um , are you saying that the most interesting thing I have to offer is sex , and once I put that on the table , I lose my appeal ?
Are you nodding right now ?
If so , you ’re not really a guy I want to fuck , let alone date .
And let ’s get this straight while we ’re at it : Girls can have sex on the first date and be relationship material ; the two are not mutually exclusive .
The willingness of a girl to put out is not exactly the best indication of how good of a girlfriend she could be .
Frankly , some of us are just unable to resist your charm , so take it as the ultimate compliment and do n’t judge us for it .
I have my own reasons for sleeping with a guy sooner rather than later .
Knowing what guys think has allowed me to use first - date sex as a filter :
Guys who will lose interest , think any less of me , or even stop calling me after the deed just prove they were only interested in sleeping with me .
The sooner I find out whether they are after my vag or after my heart , the better .
Also , I consider sex to be a pretty important component of my relationships .
( As if that was n’t apparent ...)
If I like someone and I ’m considering something serious with him , it is in my best interest to find out if we have good sexual chemistry as soon as possible .
Putting off putting out only to realize further down the road that we are the square hole and the round peg is , well , anti-climactic .
At some point , you might go on a date with someone you consider hot and realize it ’s not going anywhere .
Well , if you still want to sleep with them and they ’re up for it , why not go for it ?
Might as well get a good fuck out of a bad date .
Allow yourself to be completely shallow .
Sometimes the satisfaction of sleeping with someone incredibly attractive can greatly boost your confidence , and dammit , you deserve to feel like nobody is out of your league .
While sex on the first date has allowed me to dismiss a lot of guys , it has also made me appreciate those who are mature and open - minded enough to like me all the same after I put out .
When talking to guys for this piece , I found that there are plenty of guys who would n’t consider girls sluts for putting out , or lose interest in them or stop calling them because they got her in bed easily .
These are the guys girls want , should , and need to date :
The guys who will dismiss the double standard , saying , “ If she ’s a slut for fucking me , then I ’m a slut for fucking her , too . ”
Truthfully , there is nothing wrong with being horny and slightly tipsy on a first date with a guy and just going for it .
If that ’s the only good reason you have for fucking him , it ’s not a bad one at all .
A couple of beers and conversation with a cute boy makes it impossible for me to keep my thighs shut .
And why should I ?
M. is a junior in Course 10 .
She can be contacted at undress@tech.mit.edu .
Without any stupid “ hello world ” - posts I ’ll present something relevant to my personal programming interests :
A pattern - matching macro for Clojure
Although there already is a macro available for that purpose ( see here ) , that implementation has some limitations which i tried to surpass .
( defn categorize [ thing ] ( match thing [ a a a ] ( str " three times the same thing : " a ) [ _ _ ] " a two element sequence " [ _ _ _ _ _ & _ ] " a long sequence " [ & _ : as s ] ( str " some other sequence : " s ) n : when ( number ?
n ) ( str " a number : " n ) { : person : type , : keys [ age name ] } ( str name \( age \ ) ) o ( str " something else : " ( pr-str o ) ) ) )
As you can see , this macro allows to match on sequential and associative structures and supports the same directives as the ones used to destructure binding forms .
What is different / why another one ?
Because the other macro uses the built - in destructuring , it tries to destructure values before checking if they can be destructured at all .
Whereas this macro checks if the structure is of the expected type first and skips to the next clause if it is not .
Futhermore it allows to destructure maps and deftypes and uses the ( : keyword thing alt ) syntax if possible , which means that it will benefit from optimisations for keyword lookup .
Additionally there is a ( if - match < expr > pattern < then > < else > ? ) macro , which provides the same pattern matching functionality , but is limited to a single pattern only .
Drawbacks / Limitations
Because this macro is fail - fast the action expressions are n’t in tail position ( there is no ‘ break ’ statement in clojure ) , so you cannot use the macro for concise recursive definitions .
github link :
http://github.com/astrangeguy/clj-pattern-match
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
OTTAWA — The New Democrats on Tuesday called for a royal commission into violence in sports .
“ It ’s high time this situation was taken seriously , ” said NDP sports critic MP Glenn Thibeault .
He said lacing up a pair of skates does n’t given a person the right to kill or injure .
“ The violence has to stop for our kid ’s sake , ” the Sudbury MP told a press conference .
Deputy NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair ( Outremont ) said action must be taken now to stop the “ gratuitous ” violence that is a recurring problem in sports , particularly hockey .
“ The police and prosecutors need to explain why so few charges are laid following such acts at sporting events , ” Mulcair said .
“ We are heading for a situation where somebody is going to get killed , ” he said .
The two MPs said only a royal commission would provide the non-partisan forum to investigate sport violence .
Thibeault said if something is not done soon Canada ’s national game could be permanently damaged .
The elbow by Patrice Cormier to Quebec Remparts defenceman Mikael Tam ’s head has brought new focus to the growing public concern over violence , the MPs said .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Read more about :
There ’s news this morning that some parents who took their tween children to Aussie Lady Gaga concerts are gagging because of the adult nature of the concert .
Rewind .
Yes they are upset because a performer , renowned for her racy costumes and hybrid - burlesque - strip - show music videos , put on a concert that was probably best left to adults to see .
They now want concerts to be classified just like movies and TV shows .
According to News.com.au , Linda Fitzsimmons took her nine - year - old daughter Jessica to the debut show on Wednesday and said that she was “ shocked and surprised ” by it .
“ I could n’t believe it .
( Jessica ) likes her songs and I ’m OK with her listening to them .
There ’s no swearing in them and she ’s too young to understand the hidden meaning , ” she said .
“ But if I tried to take her to an MA 15 + movie someone would stop me at the counter .
Why not with concerts ? ”
Linda is okay with her nine - year - old daughter listening to lyrics about riding disco sticks and she admits the songs have a hidden meaning , so how about also taking the time to research what the video clips are like that accompany each of the songs .
Lady Gaga is n’t exactly what I ’d call discreet .
Getting an idea of the visual elements might have given her an idea of what the concert would be like .
Even a browse through the magazines at her local news agent would have shown Gaga in a number of raunchy , revealing costumes .
Not exactly a sign the concert will be of a Wiggles nature .
Linda aside , Promoter Michael Coppel says rating concerts wo n’t happen .
He doubted that Australian tours would ever carry classifications , because most promoters do not see the show before they book it .
The Classification Board obviously chose not weigh in because it is n’t their area , but get this : Even Steve Fielding refused to throw his two cents into the ring .
This is a man who feeds on this nonsense .
It ’s like water and air to him .
Someone please check he is okay .
The Boy Scouts of America has long kept an extensive archive of secret documents that chronicle the sexual abuse of young boys by Scout leaders over the years .
The “ perversion files , ” a nickname the Boy Scouts are said to have used for the documents , have rarely been seen by the public , but that could all change in the coming weeks in an Oregon courtroom .
ADVERTISEMENT
The lawyer for a man who was molested in the 1980s by a Scout leader has obtained about 1,000 Boy Scouts sex files and is expected to release some of them at a trial that began Wednesday .
The lawyer says the files show how the Boy Scouts have covered up abuse for decades .
The trial is significant because the files could offer a rare window into how the Boy Scouts have responded to sex abuse by Scout leaders .
The only other time the documents are believed to have been presented at a trial was in the 1980s in Virginia .
At the start of the Oregon trial , attorney Kelly Clark recited the Boy Scout oath and the promise to obey Scout law to be “ trustworthy . ”
Then he presented six boxes of documents that he said will show “ how the Boy Scouts of America broke that oath . ”
He held up file folder after file folder he said contained reports of abuse from around the country , telling the jury the efforts to keep them secret may have actually set back efforts to prevent child abuse nationally .
“ The Boy Scouts of America ignored clear warning signs that Boy Scouts were being abused , ” Clark said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Charles Smith , attorney for the national Boy Scouts , said in his own opening statement the files were kept under wraps because they “ were replete with confidential information . ”
Smith told the jury the files helped national scouting leaders weed out sex offenders , especially repeat offenders who may have changed names or moved in order to join another local scouting organization .
“ They were trying to do the right thing by trying to track these folks , ” Smith said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Clark is seeking $ 14 million in damages on behalf of a 37 - year - old man who was sexually molested in the early 1980s in Portland by an assistant Scoutmaster , Timur Dykes .
Clark said the victim suffered mental health problems , bad grades in school , drug use , anxiety , difficulty maintaining relationships and lost several jobs over the years because of the abuse .
ADVERTISEMENT
Dykes was convicted three times between 1983 and 1994 of sexually abusing boys , most of them Scouts .
Although there have been dozens of lawsuits against the organization over sex abuse allegations , judges for the most part have either denied requests for the files or the lawsuits have been settled before they went to trial .
The Boy Scouts had fought to keep the files being used in the Portland trial confidential .
But they lost a pretrial legal battle when the Oregon Supreme Court rejected their argument that opening the files could damage the lives and reputations of people not a party to the lawsuit .
ADVERTISEMENT
The lawsuit also named the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints because the Mormons acted as a charter organization , or sponsor , for the local Boy Scouts troop that included the victim .
But the church has settled its portion of the case .
The Portland trial comes as the Boy Scouts are marking their 100th anniversary .
“ They spent a century building the Boy Scout brand , ” said Patrick Boyle , author of a book about sex abuse in the Boy Scouts .
“ It ’s one of the most respected organizations in the world . ”
The trial “ can only erode what they have been doing for 100 years , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Portland case centers on whether the Boy Scouts of America did enough to protect boys from Dykes .
The Mormon bishop who also served as head of the Scout troop , Gordon McEwen , confronted Dykes after receiving a report of abuse by the mother of one boy in the troop in January 1983 .
In a video deposition played for the jury , the bishop said Dykes admitted abusing 17 boys .
But McEwen said he contacted the parents of all 17 boys and the boys themselves , and none would confirm any abuse .
ADVERTISEMENT
Dykes was arrested in 1983 and pleaded guilty to attempted sexual abuse , received probation and was ordered to stay away from children .
Clark told the jury Dykes continued with his scouting activities until he was arrested in July 1984 during a routine traffic stop while he was driving a van full of Scouts on a camping trip .
A spokesman for the Boy Scouts of America at its headquarters in Irving , Texas , said in a statement the organization cannot comment on details of the case .
But it has worked hard on awareness and prevention efforts , including background checks .
“ Unfortunately , child abuse is a societal problem and there is no fail - safe method for screening out abusers , ” Deron Smith said .
Sort by : Languages English French Spanish Italian German Swedish Portuguese Dutch Norwegian Regions North America/ UK / Australia Western Europe Central / Eastern Europe Central / South America Asia Africa Features HD ( best quality ) Audio Phone Party Chat Gold Show Submit
xxx0 princess Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f GB
I 'm like Nevada in the summer time ... hot and cold , just for you
Amandababyxx High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 22 f US
SimoneSimmons High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 24 f ES naughty latin girl , waiting for meet a hot guy , be my hot guy
NAUGHTYL … Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 33 f GB ++ SQUIRTING DILDOs CUCKOLD ++ FOUNTAIN PUSSY SQUIRT ++CREAM PIE
MiaColeman High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f ES
I am the woman of your fantasies , know me and you wo n't go !
LissanaScott High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f ES
My body will drive you crazy but my mind will blow yours
LilyR High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f FR
Young woman of 24 years old .
Jeune femme de 24 ans
Karla_Zarely High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f ES
i am very fun , young , determined with an open mind ...
JadeTwist High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f ES
Just dare and tell me your darkest desires .
I will be anxious !
KennedyXXX … Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f CA
Keidy_Evans High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f ES
I like to have new experiences , I will surprise you ! ...
MistressGeorg… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 28 f BG
One sweet smart and sexy girl always up for fun and pleasure !
CarolinaSunli… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 22 f ES full control of my body with just one click GOLD ME !
LOVE ME !
Sophiee_Ann High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f BG
I am a sweet and perverse girl , I love to have my body burning !
AnneCastillo High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 24 f ES
I am a sweet girl , do n't be fooled i can be an angel and a demon
GeekDolls High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 ff GR
PeachXGirl High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f RU roses r red , pickles r green .
i like ur legs n what 's in between
DianeAllegri Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 24 f ES
I am Diane and I am willing to do everything with joy ...
Sensations4U High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 29 f ES NO1 is PERFECT n im NO1 :P Welcome 2 my WORLD ..
HOPE U ENJOY IT
Quiet_Girl High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f RU Dancing .
Teasing .
Sucking .
Masturbation .
Roleplays .
Voyeurism
XxDevilsBride … High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 22 f RU
I'm a romantic and funny girl .
I 'm not bored with me ) ) ) ) )
Shannonxoxox High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 26 f ES the imagination is to sex what the wind to the saxophone
KattyTeeny High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f NL
HotGoddess High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f US
Come cam chat with a HOT glamour model !
Lets have a great time !
LissaJackson Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f ES
I am an exciting warm woman capable of having pleasure .
LucyHills High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f ES
Candy girl !
Sweet , innocent but have a hidden naughty side
GuadalupeFuen … High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 20 f ES
Im a very complaisant woman with a lot of energy to give pleasur
MiaaLouiss High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 18 f ES
An entertaining person , and fun with which you can have fun
CassieBell High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f ES
Exciting and sexy chocolate skinned girl , very fun and caring < 3
SammyLee High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f ES
I am a very tender , sweet girl but it does not mean that I can n
Brilliant_D… Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 21 f EE
Welcome guys ! im Back ! its me !
your Brilliant_doll ...
tifanyjhons19 Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 19 f ES
I am a playful girl , I love to please all your fantasies
UrPerfectJoily High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f GB
I 'm young , pretty , sweet girl who likes to have fun !
EmiliHots High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f RU im very hot girl .. want know u more my love .. im want get relax
Florida_Milf High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f US
Please let me stuff my dripping wet hairy cunt for you ;)
Jessie_Foxy High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f GB
Hi there !
Sweet , pretty and charming girl here is waiting for u !
AlinaVibeMe High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 22 f RU
I love bein your little angel !
Lovense inside !
Buz me 10 $ - 15 $ - 25 $
CatKissess4you High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f ES
I 'm a naughty girl ready to experience new things .
SophiaBailey High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f US
My mouth does a lot of talking , among other things ...
MishelleEvans High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f ES
I 'm a sweet , intelligent and romantic girl and a kinky angel .
Holly_Swee… Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 29 f US
CoralAdams Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f ES
nadiafoxx High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f CA
The horniest Canadian you 'll ever meet .. let me prove it to you ; )
Kassaanndraaa High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 35 f ES
I have no limits , I love to give pleasure , come and have fun !
HottieJadeRox … High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 39 f US
Your dirty talking slut ready to take your girls cum away !
TeenieMarie High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f US pick me .
Pick Me. Pick Me! PICK ME ! PLEASE , pick me ..
EdoraMarie High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f US
Sweet & Sexy Big Booty Mixed Goddess for your pleasure & minexxx
DemiOwens High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 19 f ES
Friendly , kind , cheerful and outgoing !
so do you can come here ..
MiaWilsonX High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 21 f GB
Hey boys !
Welcome to my room where fantasy becomes reality !
AlisonHomeAl… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 38 f US
I 'm a not - so - proper southern belle with inappropriate thoughts : )
GoldieStar Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 47 f US GOLD ACTIVATED TOYS ~ BALL DRAINER ~ BLOCK SESSIONS ~ PORNSTAR
KayleeWhite High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f ES
My body dancing for you will make you go crazy , come and enjoy
KaediaLang High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 25 f US
I like to show my vagina online to strangers .
Nice to meet you !
AlanaFit Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f ES
Hi .
I am a fitness girl willing to please you in everything
AmberAlena High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f US AmberAlena .
Porn Model with N cups / 2400 ccs of big - titted fun !
AudriTwo High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 31 f US
Probably the most perfect and best ass you will ever see .
iyafox High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 21 f US
Faith_xx Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 34 f US
Sexy tits and personality ; ready to make you cum in your pants .
Megan_Mist … Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 25 f US
Got a boner ?
Let me help you with that !
Add me to your favs <3
ninaLovegood Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 28 f US
I do n't know the answer , but sex is definitely the answer .
EllaCartter Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f ES
I nice to meet you , I 'm a girl very cheerful and tender :3
ImGoddessAlma High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 23 f ES Submit and Serve - you need a Exquisite Fem Dom Goddess now .
BeckyWhiite Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 25 f DE
RebeccaLenon Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 24 f ES
Do not be fooled by my sweet face .
Naughty and coquettish .
SashaMillerXXX
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 25 f NL
BrendaBigAss High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 30 f ES
I am a sensual and intelligent Latina , I love to enjoy ca
Danielle_INK … High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f US INKED model here !
Love to Flirt , Tease & Play with my Toys !
Camila_Rose High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 24 f US
Sweet face , with a tight little body loves to please ...
Sexy_KiraNig… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 18 f LV
i gonna to be pervert and i want to feel u closer with your gold
GoddessRaw… Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Live Now 21 f US mhmmm , I knew you'd be back for some more of me ... ... ;-)
SheenaRose High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 28 f US
Cum play with the horniest dirtiest slut on here XXX star ready
KatieULovely High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 20 f GB
EmmaLovett High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 27 f US 6 x award winning webcam model .. as seen on tv and short films !
GorgeousKayla… High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 22 f US
Come feel every inch of my body .
it will be worth it ...
squirtstar High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 29 f GI
I m starting this , because i can not spend a day without fucking
RobinErotic High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 44 f US
Hi ya'll !
Always up for private fun !
Kisses , Robin
SexSquirt Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 31 f BY
I 'll be your dirty slut , will humble if you want !
Squirt aloooot /
MorganMischief High Definition Video
Audio Party Chat 26 f US
I 'm a good girl gone bad .
A real life naughty girl next door ;)
ArySmith Confidential Phone Service
High Definition Video
Audio Gold Show 24 f ES
I 'm fun and naughty !
I love to experience new things every day !
In a speech at the United Nations and afterward at the G - 20 summit meeting in September , President Obama called for elimination of government subsidies for greenhouse gas ( GHG ) emitting fossil fuels .
Said the President “ I will work with my colleagues at the G20 to phase out fossil fuel subsidies so that we can better address our climate challenge . ”
The President ’s pronouncement , the essential role solar and wind energy have to play in the fight against global warming , the critique that renewables are overly reliant upon government assistance and congressional debate over a national cap and trade energy and climate bill make this a good time to take stock of how renewables stack up in terms of federal energy subsidies .
A short primer on the different types of federal energy subsidies at work provides a useful point of departure .
Types of Federal Energy Subsidies
Federal energy subsidies come in many different shapes and sizes .
However they can be broadly divided into three main categories .
Tax credits constitute the largest source of federal assistance to the energy sector .
According to a 2006 study prepared by Washington D.C. consulting group Management Information Services Inc. ( MISI ) , tax credits accounted for an estimated 45 percent of all federal energy support between 1950 and 2003 .
An analysis by the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts put this number at 65 percent for 2006 .
Tax treatment also comprises one of the earliest ways by which the federal government subsidized energy development and production , dating to 1917 , when income tax credits were established to encourage oil drilling .
Investment and production tax credits for solar , wind , and geothermal energy fall into this category as do tax incentives for ethanol and other biofuels .
So does the oil depletion allowance , established by the Revenue Act of 1926 that allows downstream fossil fuel producers to make deductions from their gross income and the Foreign Tax Credit , the largest single energy subsidy , which allows U.S. oil and gas companies to claim a credit against revenues derived from overseas production that would be taxed at a higher rate if produced domestically .
Another type of subsidy encompasses direct cash grants , loan guarantees and similar targeted disbursements .
These accounted for about 20 percent of federal energy support from 1950 through 2003 and 29 percent in 2006 .
The renewable energy cash grants authorized under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) fall into this category .
Also included is federal spending that began in the 1930s to construct the Columbia - Snake River and Tennessee Valley hydroelectric systems and the $ 1 billion authorized under ARRA for FutureGen , the coal - carbon sequestration pilot project slated for construction in Illinois with uncertain prospects for success .
A third subsidy platform revolves around regulation : creating a regulatory climate that encourages energy investment .
Regulatory subsidies are as old as tax incentives , dating to 1917 when the U.S. Fuel Administration moved to ensure sufficient oil to fuel America ’s entry into World War I by creating a petroleum quasi - cartel that boosted oil prices and profits only six years after the breakup of Standard Oil .
Shortly thereafter the oil industry formed the American Petroleum Institute to lobby for additional federal largess .
Some critics argue that regulation should not be characterized as a subsidy .
However , a key feature of government subsidies is that they influence investment behavior by lowering risk or by raising demand , and in this , regulatory provisions play a substantial role .
The $ 10 billion cap federal law imposes upon corporate liability for a commercial nuclear generating accident is an example of a regulatory subsidy .
This cap insulates the nuclear energy industry from the financial risk of a catastrophic accident .
Absent this , sufficient capital could not be attracted to build nuclear plant .
Ethanol additive requirements likewise constitute a regulatory subsidy , as will a federal renewable energy standard ( RPS ) when one comes into effect .
Cap and trade would place a steadily declining ceiling on GHG emissions , allowing power plants , refineries , and other large industrial emitters to trade allowances that give them flexibility in meeting GHG reduction targets and provide capital to fund development of new low carbon technologies .
It seeks to price fossil fuels at a level that reflects the externalized cost of their GHG emissions upon the environment .
This approach combines a regulatory and a market - based mechanism to promote climate friendly technologies and create increased demand for clean renewable energy .
How Do Subsidies for Renewables Rank ?
Evaluating federal energy subsidies is something akin to alchemy .
The myriad of ways in which they are funded , managed , and monitored , and year - to - year changes in legislation and budgets make an exact accounting difficult .
This said , the Environmental Law Institute ( ELI ) recently completed a study for the period 2002 through 2008 in conjunction with the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars which , coupled with the MISI study , illuminates how federal energy subsidies affect renewables and other competing fuels .
These studies confirm conventional wisdom that fossil fuels have been the primary beneficiary of federal energy subsidies .
Oil and gas garnered 60 percent of an estimated total of $ 725 billion in federal assistance between 1950 and 2003 , with oil alone taking 46 % of the total .
Coal took 13 percent .
Next was hydroelectric at 11 percent and nuclear at 9 percent , not counting the liability cap subsidy which is an implicit avoided cost and impossible to quantify .
At the back of the pack are wind , solar , geothermal , and bio-fuels , recipients of only 6 percent of total energy sector spending during this period .
Given the recent vintage of renewable technologies , use of a 1950 baseline for breaking down how federal energy subsidies have been parceled out may not paint a fair picture .
However , the more recent 2002 – 2008 period continues to show fossil fuels as dominant .
According to ELI , subsidies to fossil fuels totaled $ 72 billion , with most going to oil and then gas .
Support for coal - carbon capture and storage received $ 2.3 billion of this total .
Fossil fuels took almost two - and - a - half times more in subsidies than renewables , which received $ 29 billion .
Furthermore of this $ 29 billion , $ 16.8 billion went to corn - based ethanol whose climate friendly credentials are increasingly open to question .
Only $ 12.2 billion , or 16.6 percent of what fossil fuels received went for wind , solar , geothermal , hydropower , and non-corn based biofuels and biomass .
This is better than in preceding years but much less than what is needed in the face of global warming , a point understated by ELI Senior Attorney John Pendergrass when he introduced the ELI study ’s results by saying “ These figures raise the pressing question of whether scarce government funds might be better allocated to move the United States towards a low - carbon economy . ”
Rejoinder to the Rap Against Subsidies for Renewables
Critics argue that renewable energy technologies cannot compete on price with fossil fuels without public subsidies .
It ’s true to date that renewables ’ return per dollar of federal assistance remains higher than for fossil fuels .
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) , federal subsidies for conventional coal generated electricity production in 2007 equaled $ 0.44 / MWh ( megawatt - hour ) .
The equivalent figure for wind was $ 23.37 and for solar , $ 24.34 per MWh .
But these critics miss the mark .
Commercial scale federal subsidies for renewables are less than twenty years old , dating to production tax credits enacted under the Energy Policy Act of 1992 to bolster national energy security in the aftermath of the first Gulf War .
Furthermore , production tax credits for renewable energy have been subject to on again , off again congressional approval .
This contrasts with fossil fuel subsidies , recipients of largely continuous and predictable subsidies since 1917 .
Nor are the costs of subsidies for renewables out of line with other emerging and evolving clean energy technologies .
For example , federal subsidies for refined coal technology that removes moisture and certain pollutants from sub-bituminous and lignite in 2007 equaled $ 29.81 / MWh .
If refined coal and FutureGen are any indication , yet untested clean - coal carbon sequestration will require vast federal expenditures on a scale probably surpassing what has been directed to wind and solar .
Renewables do not export environmental externalities such as drinking water contamination stemming from coal mining in West Virginia and other states , as recently reported in the New York Times .
There is no need for a liability cap with wind and solar of the sort needed to fuel investment in commercial nuclear generation .
The reality is that federal subsidies for renewables have played an important role in generating economies of scale and investment capital for improved technology that have driven down the cost of photovoltaic solar energy by 50 percent to about $ 3 per watt in the past decade and dropped the cost of wind generated electricity to as low as 4 cents / kWh per in some areas today .
These costs will only decline further as the market for renewables grows and technology improves .
Former longtime Saudi oil minister Sheik Zaki Yamani once famously said “ the Stone Age did not end for lack of stone , and the oil age will end long before the world runs out of oil ” .
Now would be a good time for critics of renewable energy subsidies to get the rocks out and for the U.S. to put in place long term federal subsidies that will provide the stable and predictable investment climate needed to accelerate America ’s transition to a modern and clean renewable energy economy .
IN THE Oscar - nominated satire on modern business life , “ Up In The Air ” , an earnest young executive at an outplacement firm horrifies her older colleagues by introducing them to the word “ glocal ” .
This combination of global and local , she explains , means that the firm can now fire people ( and offer them superficial advice on what to do next ) using a standardised script , delivering the message through an internet link so there is no longer any need to fly long distances to deliver the bad news face - to - face .
Hollywood did not invent the word , which has been around since the 1980s .
It was coined in Germany , then popularised around the world by various sociologists in the 1990s — though it has also been traced to a Japanese management concept , dochakuka , meaning global localisation .
“ Glocals ” has also become a popular term to describe expat workers who move home often as their job takes them around the world .
As usual when Hollywood portrays the world of business , it gets it wrong
But as is so often the case when Hollywood tries to portray the world of business , it gets the concept wrong .
In “ Up In The Air ” , glocal is used to embody unthinking , top - down standardisation , neglecting the human interaction and understanding that are needed to be effective at the local level .
In all its uses up until Hollywood distorted it , the word glocal had been used to direct firms away from a crude one - size - fits - all ( or “ the world is flat ” ) version of globalisation to one which takes seriously the need to comprehend and adapt to local differences .
A new book , “ Leading with Cultural Intelligence ” , by David Livermore , a management guru , explains why modern multinational organisations need to be glocal in the original sense , and why they must understand that “ There 's really no such thing as a uniform global culture ” .
This message , he says , applies not just to marketing but to recruiting and managing teams of workers in different parts of the world .
Drawing on academic research and his consulting experience , Mr Livermore argues that managing effectively across multiple cultures is one of the toughest tasks facing multinational companies , not least American ones that are increasingly relying on emerging economies for their workers and future sales growth .
According to a survey of senior executives from 68 countries quoted in the book , around 90 % see “ cross- cultural leadership ” as the biggest management challenge of this century .
Up to 40 % of managers sent on foreign assignments end them early
Different studies have found that 16 - 40 % of all managers sent on foreign assignments end them early .
The cost to employers of each early return has been estimated at between $ 250,000 and $ 1.25 m , when moving expenses , downtime and other factors are taken into account .
In almost every case , the reason things do not work out is cultural problems rather than job skills .
Mr Livermore sums up his solution to this problem with a new piece of management jargon , “ cultural intelligence ” , and a new measure , CQ , the cultural - intelligence quotient .
He says it is about far more than knowing how long to look at someone 's business card or where to point your feet in different countries .
He defines it as the “ capability to function effectively across national , ethnic and organisational cultures ” .
Mr Livermore believes firms need to make a priority of developing cultural intelligence , in the same way that some of the best have already embraced the idea that their managers needed “ emotional intelligence ” as measured by their emotional - intelligence quotient , “ EQ ” .
Indeed one could question whether there is much difference between CQ and EQ : perhaps CQ is , essentially , an adaptation of EQ to apply to the specific problems raised by corporate globalisation .
Intelligent questions
Almost a century after William Stern , a German psychologist , proposed that people can be graded according to an impartial measure of “ intelligence ” , a debate still rages on whether such tests are reliable and whether people can do much to improve their IQ .
The idea that emotional wisdom and cultural savvy can be consistently and impartially measured , or that people can be taught to improve them , is even more open to question .
Mr Livermore argues that his book is more academically rigorous than the rapidly growing library of books on managing cultural differences .
It must be said , though , that some of the advice he offers seems rather obvious : for example , that it would help executives ' cultural understanding if they took holidays abroad , learned a foreign language , watched films about other societies , and so on .
Of more general application is the list of five factors the book says are key to understanding a country 's national culture : they include the importance that is given to punctuality , and attitudes toward uncertainty .
Many firms ' attempts to train their staff to understand cultural issues fail
The author admits , however , that many firms ' attempts to train staff to understand cultural issues fail , because they do not go beyond vague and overarching homilies about respecting diversity .
To overcome this , he says they must create structures to identify and deal with specific cultural problems the company faces .
When recruiting for jobs that involve working abroad or with people from other cultures , they should try to identify candidates who already have high CQ .
And they should incorporate CQ into their training and pay schemes .
These issues are being grappled with by most big multinationals , and increasingly by smaller firms which are tapping foreign markets through the internet .
Mr Livermore 's approach is one of several being tried by different firms .
Yum !
Brands , for example , the owner of KFC and Pizza Hut , has used a model called ABR ( achieving breakthrough results ) developed by John O'Keeffe , another management guru , in an effort both to unify and localise its corporate culture .
Even the Obama administration is starting to realise that to achieve the president 's goal of doubling the value of its exports within five years , American business people need to improve their understanding of other cultures quickly .
The Department of Commerce has hired Mr Livermore 's Global Learning Centre to develop CQ training programmes .
As Mr Livermore puts it , many small and medium - sized businesses are trying to boost their exports , but “ are doomed to fail ” unless they improve their cultural intelligence .
Currently , he says , “ most are focusing heavily upon legal trade policies and neglecting the overall need to think through negotiation , marketing , distribution and so on in the light of cultural dynamics . ”
That the government is now taking seriously the need for American firms to improve their cultural understanding is a sign of progress .
Maybe the next time a Hollywood film uses the word “ glocal ” , it will get its meaning right .
Will Brett Favre retire after this season ?
It began with the Minnesota Vikings heartbreaking 28 - 31 loss to the New Orleans Saints on Sunday .
Brett Favre is n’t ready to make a decision on his career just yet , but does n’t know exactly how long it will take for him to make up his mind .
“ I would n’t say months , I know people are rolling their eyes or will roll their eyes , ” Favre said after the game per Gregg Rosenthal of PFT .
“ In a situation like this , I really do n’t want to make a decision right now based solely on what ’s happened .
Because I do know the year could have not gone any better aside from us not going to Miami . ”
According to FOX Sports ’ Jay Glazer , many Vikings locker room believes that the NFL legend will retire .
Brett Favre will go home a couple days and talk it over with his family .
Brett Favre dream to win the Super Bowl .
“ But , I know I ’m going out on top , one way or the other .
I did n’t feel like I had anything to prove coming in .
If there were doubters out there , maybe I served notice to them .
My goal is to get to Miami and obviously that ’s not going to happen .
Will Brett Favre retire ?
Agree or Not Agree ?
In the past month we have heard a great deal about Central Falls High School in Rhode Island , where the school board voted to fire the entire staff because the school was not raising test scores fast enough .
This has focused attention on the challenge of struggling schools .
Everyone agrees that change is needed in these schools , but is it really necessary to fire the staff ?
One thing that became clear after the initial flood of publicity is that these situations are more complex than the soundbites we get from the media and the politicians .
Every school has its own history , and if we want to improve a school we need to start by working with what is there , and develop the leadership capacity needed to drive improvement .
Over the past month I have shared news from a less famous but equally instructive school reconstitution process taking place - Fremont High School in Los Angeles .
We are hearing firsthand from teachers about their experience - what it feels like to be told that you are to blame for your students ' low performance , and that you must reapply for your job .
Today I am sharing a message from a different voice , from Scott Banks , a teacher who used to teach at Fremont , but left to teach at a school where the students come from wealthier families .
His comments reveal some very important subtexts to the reconstitution dilemma .
Can we get beyond the soundbites and get a deeper understanding of what is happening in these schools ?
I think this open letter to Los Angeles Schools Superintendent Ramon Cortines might help .
Dear Dr. Cortines ,
You have decided to make Fremont teachers reapply for their own jobs as part of a " reconstitution , " implicitly blaming them for the shortcomings of their school .
You have also opened the hiring at Fremont to other aspirants .
I am a teacher at Marshall High .
I helped our Academic Decathlon team gain top scores in Art for several years , including a second place finish .
Several dozen of my English students have succeeded at the challenging AP Literature test .
Virtually all of my students pass the English CAHSEE , including many special education students .
I have helped my school meet its AYP / API targets with some consistency .
If you are looking for teachers to spearhead success at Fremont , perhaps my record would recommend me as a promising candidate .
If so , you may be curious to learn why I am not still teaching at Fremont .
You see , I taught at Fremont for five years before choosing to leave for Marshall .
I left some time after Fremont was assigned a principal unequal to the task of governing it .
When we teachers requested an effective leader , our demands ignited an ugly fight that lead to many months of chaos .
I wound up a victim of stress and disillusionment .
I left the school over ten years ago when I became convinced that LAUSD either could n't or would n't govern it effectively , and when the anxiety of the fight began to damage my home life .
My experience might be instructive for your efforts .
In the first place , it would seem to show that the shortcomings at Fremont cannot be laid at the door of its teachers .
If you judge Fremont 's current teachers a failure on the basis of their students ' test scores , then by the same criteria I was a failing teacher when I left Fremont .
Yet when I transferred to Marshall , my new students attained much better test scores .
If you imagine this was due to some personal transformation of my teaching , I invite you to transfer me to a high school whose students have a higher average socio-economic status than Marshall , where I suspect yet another personal renaissance awaits me .
Secondly , my experience might lead you to wonder how Fremont loses so many excellent teachers and potentially excellent new teachers each year , and whether administrative efforts to retain these teachers might be more productive than your current attempt to drive teachers away .
If you are inclined to pursue this possibility , my experience suggests that you are uniquely placed to get results .
One thing alone would have sufficed to keep me at Fremont : effective leadership .
Consistently excellent leadership would retain many more fine teachers at Fremont .
The high turnover of principals at Fremont over the last two decades indicates that LAUSD has failed to lead Fremont effectively in the time since I left .
It is your responsibility , not that of teachers , to make sure that Fremont never again lacks for sustained excellent leadership .
Finally , if you follow through with your plan to interview current teachers for their own jobs , you might ask yourself what kind of teacher would both volunteer to teach at Fremont in the first place and also remain there for years .
I am a creative , intelligent and capable teacher .
I was deeply dedicated to Fremont , and especially to its students .
I have deep and fond memories of these students to this day .
These traits were not enough for long - term success in the environment LAUSD created at Fremont .
It humbles me to consider what personal qualities I would have needed to have remained .
I hope you can summon that same sense of humility as you interview veteran Fremont teachers .
Perhaps some of these teachers just feel stuck at Fremont .
But you need to know that many more of these veteran teachers have special qualities that keep them at Fremont , and that most new teachers will inevitably turn out to lack such qualities .
I wonder if you truly have any idea of what a Fremont teacher needs to succeed in the long term .
I understand that over half of the Fremont teachers have decided to leave rather than interview for their jobs .
They are clearly upset at being blamed .
If you do not reverse course and regain the trust of these teachers , you will do grievous harm to the institution you are trying to help .
You need the best teachers at Fremont .
Who else has demonstrated that they can do the job they do ?
Best regards ,
Scott Banks
What do you think we can learn from this letter ?
How might districts better approach the improvement of struggling schools ?
( photo by Scott Banks , used with permission )
Over the last six months , Sprint has been trying to get bloggers ( like me ) to write about their new Power Vision Network by sending us free phones and letting us download music and movies and use the phones for free .
That ’s rather nice of them , but honestly , I have a really strong aversion to writing about things just because some PR person wanted me to .
Basically , there ’s no better way to make me not want to write about something than to ask me to write about it .
I accepted the free phone because , gosh , well , it ’s a free phone , but I decided that I simply would n’t write about it no matter how much I liked it .
As it turns out , I had the opposite problem .
The phone they sent me , an LG Fusic , is really quite awful , and the service , Power Vision , is tremendously misconceived and full of dumb features that do n’t work right and cost way too much .
So I ’m going to review the dang phone anyway , even though if anybody from Sprint is paying attention they ’re going to lose their lunch and some executive bonehead over there is going to go nuts and I sincerely hope that this does n’t put an end to the entire free - phones - for - bloggers boondoggle , because I ’d hate to get beaten up at Etech next year by all the other bloggers who would hate me for spoiling all the fun .
Now , on to the review .
I was pretty excited to try out this phone because I ’ve been longing for one that could double as a decent MP3 player .
Most days , I get to work via a combination of subway and walking , which takes about half an hour , and listening to podcasts makes the commute much more pleasant .
So I ’ve been carrying a phone ( a Motorola RAZR ) and an iPod ( Nano ) with me everywhere .
Merging the two into one device would be great .
When it finally arrived , the physical appearance of the phone was rather disappointing .
If you ’ve been spoiled by Motorola ’s latest phones , or the seamless , screwless , elegant iPod , the LG Fusic will strike you as butt - ugly .
Where a Motorola RAZR has a solid case made out of almost sensual matte - black steel that just feels great , the LG Fusic is made out of the cheapest kind of gray plastic , the same material you find on a $ 3 toy .
Where Motorola goes to great lengths to hide the screws , and minimize bumps and seams , the LG Fusic has dozens of ugly protuberances , gaps , holes , screws , seams , etc .
Worst of all , the LG Fusic has no less than three of those evil , flimsy , rubbery plug - caps that are connected to the phone by the thinnest of filaments .
You know , those stupid rubber plugs that you have to pull away to plug anything into the phone , and then they just dangle there like chicken wattles ( when they ’re not getting in the way of the thing you ’re trying to plug in ) for a couple of weeks until they finally tear off .
The phone is almost twice as thick as a RAZR .
It comes with a break - offable front plate which can be used to change the accent color of the very front of the phone .
Your choices are Barbie Pink , Barbie Green , Barbie Blue , and Black which would be the only stylish choice , if only it did n’t clash so badly with the rest of the phone .
( Believe me , it is hard to make black clash with anything , but LG did it . )
Overall this phone seriously looks like a Fisher Price toy , not a top - of - the - line cell phone .
OK , maybe you ’re not so vain that appearances are a big deal .
I tried to get over it .
I really did .
I promise I wo n’t talk about the style thing any more .
I opened the clamshell and turned on the phone .
The screen lit up instantly !
Wow , something about this phone is nice .
Oh , wait a minute .
What ’s going on there ?
The main screen shifts between pictures of Mount Fuji , the Eiffel Tower , etc .
That ’s charming .
But what ’s that bus ?
There ’s a cheezy little black and white child ’s drawing of a bus bouncing up and down in front of the cheezy tourist pictures .
Again with the Fisher Price Toy theme .
The first thing I try to do is find a better screen saver .
Everything looks like some kid ’s 6th grade BASIC graphics project .
Oooh , look , colored squares flying around .
Terrible clip art of a “ DJ ” .
One of the screen savers is called “ Funny . ”
You get a silhouette of a lizard climbing around on a pink background .
Bwa ha ha !
That is funny .
TO TWO YEAR OLDS .
OK , ok , I promised I ’d stop talking about style .
On to UI design .
The main menu was really , really confusing .
The first thing you see when you click on the Menu button is that you missed some alerts :
Although , it turns out , you did n’t , that ’s just the name of the menu item that comes up first .
You ca n’t see all the icons at once because someone had the bright idea of using a weird 3 - D perspective , and the currently selected icon comes zooming out in front , covering up some of the other icons .
All the unselected icons are shown in silhouette , so at first they just look like a background .
It took me quite a while to figure out just what the menu was and how to find things I wanted from the main menu .
But do n’t worry … there are random bits of sparkle that fly around on the screen .
That ’s the important part .
The random bits of sparkle , again , a 6th grader ’s BASIC graphics project .
Now , on to the whole reason I wanted this phone : the MP3 player .
There ’s no desktop integration , no ITunes integration , no feature for subscribing to Podcasts , nothing like that .
When you plug the phone into your computer using the supplied USB cable , it thinks you want to use the phone as a modem .
Yes , one day I might want to do that , that ’s true , but for now I just wanted to get MP3s onto the thing .
Somehow , somewhere , I managed to stumble on a menu that made the phone act like a USB hard drive .
Tada !
The phone pops up on my computer looking like a hard drive .
And then there was already a MUSIC folder there , and I could drag MP3 files in .
Yay !
I downloaded TWiT episode 69 manually and headed off to the subway to listen to it .
Wait … I need headphones .
Ahh , here they are .
Wait a minute .
The headphone cord is only about 8 inches long .
Am I supposed to hold the phone up to my chin to listen to music ?
Oh , I see , there are two cords .
You have to plug the headphone cord into the microphone cord and plug that into the phone .
Now it ’s long enough .
OK , it ’s awkward , but I can live with that .
To listen to the MP3s you ’ve downloaded :
Hit the MENU button Find the ON DEMAND menu item ( I demand to hear MP3s ! )
Nope , that ’s not what you wanted Hit BACK Nothing happens ( darn ! )
OK , try END
Do you want to exit this application ?
YES is already highlighted .
Click OK .
Huh ?
The application did n’t exit .
Click END again .
YES is already highlighted … oh… wait a minute !
Maybe NO is highlighted ?
There ’s no way to tell the difference .
There are two choices , one is white and one is blue , it ’s hard to see which is highlighted .
Fool around with the cursor keys until you ’re pretty sure that YES is highlighted .
This is confusing , because the two - item menu wraps around , so the up button moves down and the down button moves up , or vice versa .
Remove the battery and put it in again .
That should get you back to the main menu .
Media player ?
Is that what you want ?
Yeah , there ’s something in here called Music …
It has about 50 options .
What do they mean ?
SIRIUS hits ?
MUSIC CHOICE ?
SIRIUS MUSIC ?
Some of them are listed as My Channels and some are listed as Available Channels .
Which is which ?
The UI here is really getting confusing .
OK , none of those options lets you listen to MP3s .
It turns out there ’s something called MUSIC on the Main Menu .
Ahh , that brings up the happy “ booting Java ” screen which is so heartwarming .
Thank you Sun Microsystems for bringing programming language advertisements into consumer electronics .
The Java applet has two tabs , “ Store ” and “ Player . ”
Try buying a song .
It ’s $ 5 for 3 songs .
That ’s a ripoff , Sprint .
Apple already established that the fair price for one song is $ 0.99 .
OK , I just want to listen to Leo Laporte , dammit .
Maybe the Player tab ?
Gotta choose between “ All My Music ” and “ Create Playlist … ” .
W00t !
THERE ’S TWiT !
Click on it , and listen to TWiT .
All right .
TWiT is more than an hour long , and I only listened to half of the episode by the time I got home .
Luckily , there ’s a handy PAUSE button on the outside of the clamshell .
Unluckily , it does n’t work .
Pressing it once informs you that the buttons are locked , and you have to press and hold the pause button to unlock .
So you do that , and the key guard goes off , and you press the pause button again , and nothing happens , so you press it again , and finally you ’ve paused the music .
In the meantime , if , say , hypothetically , you were pausing because you live in a country where the police brutalize people , and a policeman was brutalizing you , and you wanted to stop the music so you could try to figure out what the policeman wanted and perhaps there was some way if you could just hear him that you could get him to stop beating you with a riot bat , you ’re already DEAD by the time you figure out how to make the pause button actually pause .
While the MP3 player is paused , the backlight on the external display just wo n’t go off .
So inadvertently , the phone almost completely runs down its battery overnight staying in “ Pause ” mode .
Why not turn the phone off overnight ?
Well , because then I ’d have to listen to the first half of TWiT all over again .
Ca n’t you fast forward ?
No .
Does n’t it remember where you ’re up to like an iPod ?
No .
Pause is your only hope .
The next morning , with a single bar of battery juice left , I got into the subway and resumed listening to the podcast , and I ’m a wise guy , so I decided to see what the battery looked like , and of course , the phone lost power , oops , lost my place in the Podcast .
Put back the battery .
Turn on the phone .
Go into the MP3 player again .
There ’s no signal , and , guess what ?
You ca n’t get into to the MP3 player unless you can establish a network connection to the Sprint Music Store .
Even to play your own MP3s !
OK , so this is an MP3 player that does n’t really work on the subway and wo n’t work on a plane , the two places I ’m most likely to listen to MP3s .
Not very appealing .
A little bit more exploring and I discovered that there ’s another entirely separate MP3 player on this device .
It ’s hard to find .
You have to go to Tools , then Memory Card , then to the Music folder , and another MP3 player starts up which you can use to listen to your MP3s .
For this player , you do n’t have to be on the network , so it works in the subway , but — get this — the minute you close the clamshell , the music stops !
I am literally not making this up .
There are two bad MP3 players on this device , neither one of which remembers where you ’re up to , neither one of which can be used on the subway with the phone folded in my pocket , neither one of which has a fast - forward feature .
I have literally never seen such a useless MP3 player .
OK , onward .
Yes , you can watch movies on this phone .
For example , for $ 5.95 a month , you can get something called mFLIX .
Until you pay the money , there ’s no way to find out what mFLIX is or what it is you ’re getting for your $ 5.95 .
I ’ll tell you what you get : a bunch of garbage film - student videos that nobody would ever vote up on YouTube , in a tiny blurry window that reminds you of QuickTime 1.0 ( “ look !
It ’s on a computer but it ’s moving ! ” ) .
That was disappointing .
I thought this thing was supposed to have full length movies somewhere .
Ah yes , how about “ MSpot Movies ? ”
It says I ’m going to get “ Full - length Hollywood movies . ”
Only $ 6.95 a month .
Yes .
Buy buy buy .
( Thankfully Uncle Sprint is paying for this ) .
Oh look … you can preview before you commit to spending !
Clicking Preview brings up a page that says PREVIEW with a “ Done ” button .
That ’s it .
OK , maybe they do n’t want me to preview .
Fine .
After you click Buy , you ’re thrown back to a main menu somewhere and then you have to remember what the hell you bought and go find it again .
Annoying UI , again .
OK , MSpot Movies .
A menu comes up with a bunch of folders :
Animaland
Classic Cartoons
Freestyle Motorcross
Nightmare In Blood
The Projectionist
Heart of a Champion
One Love
I do n’t understand .
Are these movie titles ?
Not movie titles I ’ve ever heard of .
Yep , it ’s true .
What you get for $ 7 / month is about 10 movies that seem to be in the public domain .
Literally nothing worth watching , least of all on a smudgy 1 5/8 ” ( diagonal ) , pixelated screen .
I did , actually , as a part of my sacred duty as a reviewer , try to watch a whole movie .
I could only stand about the first 1 /3rd of it , and the battery was dying , and the phone was getting too hot to hold .
I cannot imagine anybody finding any value in MSpot Movies .
If Sprint makes any money off of them , it ’s probably by mistake .
This service is literally as much of a scam as those X - Ray glasses they used to advertise in comic books to steal a few bucks from some little kids .
The only kind of content you might really want to watch on this device is the stuff you find on YouTube , or video podcasts like The Show with zefrank .
But that ’s not what Sprint gives you .
Instead they give you $ 7 / month , ripoff , non-previewable scammy garbage .
A long time ago , I was working on MSN 1.0 , and there was a long line of content providers working to make deals with Microsoft to put their content on the Microsoft Network , but in those days , it was n’t clear exactly who should be paying who , so hardly any deals got made .
In the meantime , the whole Web thing happened , where anybody could provide content without signing a deal with a Microsoft executive , and there was tons of content , and some of it was garbage , yes , but some of it was good , and we found the good stuff , and it floated to the top , and all was well , but Sprint does n’t get this .
They relish their ability to serve as the gatekeeper to what they hope will become a new medium , because the gatekeeper gets to charge tolls .
And it ’s 2006 , and I almost ca n’t believe I ’m writing this , because way back in 2000 I wrote almost exactly the same thing about WAP , and how cell phone companies keep failing to insert themselves as toll collectors because they ’re so darn clueless about how the Internet works , and about the value of many - to - many networks instead of broadcast networks .
And now suddenly someone at Sprint read some book by Scoble and then they read Malcolm Gladwell ’s theories of tipping points in the airport and Hey Presto !
Maybe we can make this work by finding the tipping point people !
You know , the bloggers !
And all the bloggers get free cell phones , and Sprint gets tons of publicity , but frankly all the publicity in the world is not going to help them foist on us a product that is utterly pathetic .
The phones they send us are so lame there is literally no area you can go into without being disappointed and shocked at just how shoddy everything is and how much it costs and what a rip off scam they ’re trying to run here with the music that costs too much and the movies that you do n’t want to watch on the screen that makes them unwatchable and you just KNOW that if you call to cancel the extra $ 7 / month , their customer service department is going to give you the phone menu runaround and then put you on hold for an hour and then you ’ll get some cancellation specialist with an incomprehensible accent who will spend 15 minutes trying to talk you out of canceling the useless service until you just give up and let them have the goddamned $ 7 a month .
No amount of pampering bloggers and calling them Ambassadors is going to get around the fact that you ’re sending us plastic junk phones that look like bath toys .
( Hey , does it float ? )
All the “ tipping point ” theories in the world wo n’t protect Sprint from the basic truth that the LG Fusic user interface could basically serve as an almost complete textbook for a semester - long course in user interface design , teaching students of usability exactly what NOT to do .
Wait a minute .
Wait just one minute .
Maybe I completely missed the point .
Maybe this phone is for four year olds !
It all makes sense now !
The nonsensical menus do n’t matter — four year olds ca n’t read !
The toy - like appearance — duh !
The ripoff movies — who cares , as long as the kids press BUY by mistake and the parents keep paying the bills !
Now I get it .
So really the only stupid thing that Sprint did is to send this phone to a bunch of know - it - all , hipster - wannabe , pretentious early - adopter engadget - reading 41 - year - old bloggers , with our pretentious black iPods and our sleek gun metal RAZRs and our MacBook Pros and our so - called “ Podcast ” listening habits , watching zefrank tell potty jokes about The Decider .
No no no no no .
This phone is for 4 year olds , albeit spoiled 4 year olds with rich parents .
They ’ll love the colors , the plastic , the impossible UI , they can watch the one 1936 movie that inadvertently fell into the public domain in class when the teacher is getting boring , and they sure as heck are n’t going on a subway with that thing .
Ohhhhhhhhh kay .
I gave the phone to a friend ’s 4 - year - old .
NEVER MIND !
