Well , the current state of the global financial markets is certainly interesting .
I mean , you have to be a bit sick in the head , but if you think about it the right way , it really is “ interesting ” — sort of like , oo - wee , look , the girl in the cute leotard is falling off the tightrope , there ’s no net , and she ’s going to go “ splat ” when she hits that pavement .
How interesting !
And check it out , the circus animals have gone berserk — the tigers are tearing the trainer into bloody shreds , the elephants are stampeding , the tent might very well collapse , maybe we ’re doomed , and look at those clowns – they ’re still smiling .
How deliciously interesting !
Actually , I take it back — it is not in the least bit interesting .
It is terrifying .
Despite early attempts by the smiling clowns of the nation ’s media and regulatory apparatus to portray the dramatic market collapse of May 6 as mere happenstance , it is now clear that this unprecedented event was no “ fat finger ” accident .
It was not a “ black swan ” that appeared out of nowhere .
And more than likely , it was not some anomalous but innocent trade that triggered a run -of - the - mill panic .
What it was , exactly , nobody seems able to say – and that is what makes it all the more scary .
But we can venture some educated guesses , and my best guess is that this was an orchestrated attack on the stock market – an attack that shaved 1,000 points off the Dow Jones industrial average in a few minutes , and caused some stocks worth nearly $ 50 to drop to a penny in matter of seconds .
I have been trying hard , but I simply cannot imagine any natural confluence of events that would cause this .
I can , however , think of a number of criminal market manipulators who have caused similar , though less dramatic , events in the past .
And I know that these manipulators would get a kick out of triggering a full - blown market cataclysm .
They would n’t just get a thrill — they would also make a boatload of money .
At any rate , this much is clear : our financial system is seriously broken and the nation is vulnerable .
If the May 6 “ anomaly ” was not an attack , there is every reason to believe that something worse can happen .
It can happen because the Securities and Exchange Commission has done nothing to prevent it from happening .
Despite overwhelming evidence that market manipulators contributed to the financial turmoil of 2008 , not a single criminal has been apprehended .
And not only does the SEC let the miscreants run loose , but it also stubbornly refuses to close gaping loopholes that enable market manipulation to occur .
To its immense peril , much of America seems disinclined to discuss market manipulation .
I do n’t know if it is indolence , incuriosity , or simple complacency , but the discourse in this country stands in stark contrast to the one taking place in Europe , where politicians and the mass media have declared unequivocally that the markets are under attack , with consequences that could be quite dire , to say the least .
According to BaFin , the German financial regulator , “ massive ” illegal short selling attacks have led to excessive price movements that “ could endanger the stability of the entire financial system . ”
After beholding the drama in the American markets on May 6 , and seeing its own market tumble precipitously , the German government finally took on the manipulators , banning naked short selling of stock in its largest financial institutions and restricting the trading of naked credit default swaps , which are often deployed in manipulative attacks .
Not all of the discourse in Europe has been helpful , however .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel declared that “ speculators are our enemies , ” confusing law - abiding traders who passively speculate on price movements with criminal manipulators who actively seek to inflict harm on the markets .
Chancellor Merkel only made things worse when she said that this is a “ battle of the politicians against the markets ” – a proclamation that reinforced the notion that Europe ’s politicians harbor a disdain for the free market system .
Our enemies are criminals , not market freedoms .
The European response has also been characterized by a certain degree of ineptitude .
Germany had already banned naked short selling in 2008 , and foolishly lifted the ban last January .
Having given the market bullies the green light to attack , Germany ’s politicians now appear like the playground dweebs , panicky and weak , hurling nothing more than small stones .
It is presumed that the naked short selling and other manipulation will simply move to exchanges in London , where officialdom seems less inclined to fight .
But Germany ’s ban on naked short selling — though too little , too late — is perfectly sensible .
Which makes the American media coverage all the more inexplicable .
The Wall Street Journal , which has for many years seemed incapable of even uttering the words “ market manipulation ” , reported that the German ban on naked short selling “ sparked uneasiness ” and actually caused markets to fall further .
Sparked uneasiness ?
Only criminals could possibly be “ uneasy ” about a policy designed to prevent a crime .
Perhaps some “ uneasy ” criminals are members of the hedge fund lobby , whose talking points tend to find their way into stories published by The Wall Street Journal .
As for the notion that a ban on naked short selling would cause markets to lose value – well , we ’ve heard something similar before .
It was back in 2008 , when the SEC issued an emergency order banning naked short selling of stock in 19 big financial companies , only to have the hedge fund lobby ( and The Wall Street Journal ) holler that preventing crime would “ reduce liquidity ” and put downward pressure on markets .
This , of course , is precisely the opposite of what happened .
While the emergency order was in place , the stock market surged .
Then , on August 12 , 2008 , the SEC , for reasons that cannot be fathomed , lifted its emergency ban , allowing the manipulation to resume .
The stock market duly tanked , and continued to spiral downwards until September , when market manipulators wiped out a large swathe of the American financial system .
It is not just me saying this .
Respected economists , famous hedge fund managers , former government officials , and current U.S. Senators such as Ted Kaufman of Delaware have all studied the events of 2008 , and the consensus is that illegal naked short selling and other forms of short - side manipulation contributed to the demise of Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , Washington Mutual , and countless smaller companies .
In the months leading up to September 2008 , criminal naked short sellers flooded the market with more than $ 8 billion worth of phantom stock every day .
As further evidence that The Wall Street Journal just does n’t get it , consider that the newspaper reported this week that “ under naked short selling , investors can sell securities before they have borrowed them .
The practice is already banned in the U.S … ”
This , unfortunately , is patently false .
Although the SEC took some half - hearted steps to prevent naked short selling in the aftermath of the 2008 carnage , it did not ban naked short selling outright — traders are still permitted to sell shares before they have borrowed them .
The SEC ’s current rules state only that traders have to deliver stock within three days , or in some cases , six days after they have sold it .
This means that market manipulators can flood the market with phantom stock for three to six days , inflicting serious damage on prices .
When it comes time to deliver the stock they have sold , the manipulators buy stock ( at the newly damaged price ) on the open market and hand it over .
Then they do it all over again – flooding the market with phantom stock for another three to six days .
In nearly every case , such naked short selling is designed to manipulate prices , which is blatantly illegal .
But the SEC turns a blind eye to the manipulation so long as the manipulators deliver stock before the three or six - day deadline .
In fact , the SEC often turns a blind eye even when the manipulators do n’t deliver the stock .
Every day , more than 100 million shares go undelivered before the anointed deadline , and that is in just one part of the system monitored by the Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation .
Far more phantom stock is processed ex-clearing , and in other shadowy regions of the financial system .
The SEC would do well to investigate these shadowy regions in its attempt to identify the roots of the “ freak accident ” that took place on May 6 .
But , alas , the officials of that agency have been too busy picking buggers out of their noses .
Ok , not just buggers – they also wrote a 100 - plus page report on their investigation into the “ market events ” of May 6 , and this report is filled with all sorts of statistics and enough head - in - the - clouds hypothesizing to bring a smile to the face of any university economist ( or SEC report - writer ) looking for a job at a market manipulating hedge fund .
What the report does not contain is the names of any culprits , or any evidence that the SEC is trying to identify specific culprits .
The report does not even contain a plausible explanation for what happened .
If the SEC were charged with writing a report on the causes of the New Orleans flood , it would provide a hundred pages telling us how many cubic meters of water there were , how many molecules of oxygen and hydrogen the water contained , and plenty of assurances that water is usually good for the health , but it would forget to mention hurricane Katrina and the broken levy .
Bottom line : the SEC ’s report was designed to make it seem like the bureaucrats have been busy investigating , when in fact they have been counting beans and picking buggers out of their noses .
Meanwhile , the madness of the market circus continues , and we look up at that teetering tent with great trepidation .
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
Top 5 Light Beers , best lite beers , Sam Adams Light , Yuengling , Shiner Light , Pabst Blue Ribbon Light
Beer Reviews / Food & Drink Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
I discuss this style of beer with a great deal of trepidation .
Or is it indifference ?
Boredom ?
Frankly , I see little point in the whole genre .
We 're talking about a small handful of calories separating a decent , full flavored beer from an almost tasteless light .
The better lights tend to be around 120 calories .
Go check on how many are in a regular Guinness .
The marketers have people rushing to the lights just to save 40 or 50 calories at most .
Why do people do it ?
If you want a great , low calorie thirst quencher , there 's always water .
If you want a beer , have a proper one .
If you 're that worried about a handful of calories , maybe give up the Snickers bar instead .
Or hop around a bit while you 're sipping .
Beer is beer , and it requires sugar to ferment , so it is going to have calories .
But , everybody asks , so here are what I consider the top 5 light beers .
1. Samuel Adams Light
Hands down this is the best light available .
It 's almost good enough to consider it a real beer .
In fact , many dieters do .
All the better lights obviously tend to the higher calorie counts , and this one checks in at 120 .
Sam has the most flavor , or at least the most ' good ' flavors , of any of the lights .
Well balanced with a smattering of both malt and hops , it even has a bit of orange to keep things interesting .
No question about it , the best light on the market .
2. Yuengling Light
This one has the least amount of calories , 99 , and the lowest alcohol content , 3.4 % , of any others on the list .
So this is one light beer that would qualify as a true light in anybody 's book .
But , there is still some flavor without that horrible , cooked vegetable taste the rubbish lights all have .
The Yuengling has less malt than the Sam Adams , so the hops come out a bit more .
Not that they are overwhelming or anything -- it is still a light beer , after all .
Not bad , though , and if you prefer hops over malt , this is probably your light .
3. Shiner Light
Shiner moves to the maltier side of the Sam Adams .
Back up to 4 % alcohol and 120 calories , though .
A smattering of hops tries to get this beer to finish crisply , but this thing is one of the sweeter and maltier of the lights .
Some grass and banana flavors come out front .
Of the lights , this one is the least suitable for ' lawnmower work , ' but one of the better ones to linger over .
4. Slim Chance
See my review for more depth .
Like the Sam Adams , Slim Chance is shooting for the middle ground .
And , it mostly hits it .
The relevent numbers are pretty much the same as Sam -- 3.9 % alcohol and 121 calories -- but it does n't quite measure up .
Still , it 's not bad .
A toned down and muted version of a real beer , but it goes down well on a hot Summer day .
5. Pabst Blue Ribbon Light
Okay , so you 're a hard - edged , punk rocker sort that still has to keep an eye on the girlish figure .
The Pabst Light will allow you a certain amount of street cred , a touch more alcohol at 4.2 % , and only 113 calories .
Unfortunately , the Pabst has the beginnings of that stewed vegetable flavor , but at least you 'll be considered ' cool ' in some circles .
There 's also a hint of apple cider that beats back some of that cabbage , and makes it almost palatable .
I guess light beers are there to make fat bastards at least look like we 're trying .
They remain more of a marketing scheme than anything , though .
Guinness has 126 calories and most on this list only have a sip or two less than that .
Yes , there are even lighter light beers , but what 's the point ?
Those get to the point to where it tastes like drinking water from an unrinsed beer glass .
Who really wants that ?
If you must have a light , then keep to this list , but I 'm generally against such a thing .
Life is short and should be enjoyed .
Find a proper beer you like and leave the lights to the gullible masses .
Indians have reacted with fury to President Barack Obama 's tough stance against BP , accusing the US of double standards over industrial accidents after the failure to convict Americans involved in the Bhopal disaster of 1984 or to obtain what many view as adequate compensation for victims .
The anger goes beyond that of campaigners or activists with some of India 's best - known writers and journalists weighing in .
" It looks like Indian children 's lives are cheaper than [ those of ] fish , " Chetan Bhagat , the country 's best - selling writer , said .
" Obama should bang his fist on the table .
If he can do that for fish , how about our kids ?
Or are they only Indians ? "
The Pioneer and Hindustan newspapers ran headlines last week repeating the charge that the US reaction to the Gulf Coast disaster , which has killed 11 people , and to Bhopal , where at least 15,000 died as a result of exposure to toxic gases leaking from a US - owned pesticide plant , was evidence of double standards .
" Everything that Obama has said about BP and the spill was what the US should have said about Bhopal , " said Suhasini Haider , one of India 's best - known TV journalists who chaired a prime - time discussion comparing reactions to the two disasters .
" There is the question of compensation , the way Obama has gone after senior executives personally .
This is the exact opposite of what happened with Bhopal . "
One reason for the anger lies in the timing of the Obama 's address to the American nation on the oil spill , which came a week after the first verdicts in a criminal trial related to the Bhopal disaster .
Seven Indian managers at the plant were sentenced to two years in prison and immediately bailed by a court in India .
Warren Anderson , the then chief executive of Union Carbide , the American firm which owned the plant through an Indian subsidiary , has never faced trial and attempts by Indian governments to extradite him from the US have failed .
" It seems ridiculous that there are such small punishments for [ Bhopal ] and at the same time we are watching the US getting so agitated about the spill , " Haider said .
Attention in India has focused on continuing investigations by campaigners into the identity of the senior figure who ordered the release of Anderson , arrested when he returned to Bhopal immediately after the disaster .
Opposition politicians have sought to blame senior figures in the Congress party , who lead a coalition government in India .
There is also a fierce domestic debate about who was responsible for the downgrading of charges against officials investigated after the disaster , the failure to clear the site of the plant of toxic waste and the level of compensation , which has reached only a fraction of the victims .
" It 's the Indian government that must answer why it allowed the US those actions , " Haider said .
Local news reports have claimed that senior American politicians put pressure on the Indian government not to pursue claims for further compensation against Union Carbide , which was eventually bought by another US firm , Dow Chemicals in 2001 .
Bhagat told the Guardian that " nothing [ in the US ] compared to what had happened in India " where " politicians and industries are much too close " .
The coming inflation wave
( Fortune ) --
Whether the American economy is in an inflationary or deflationary environment sounds like it should be a fundamental and settled question .
But due to the unprecedented financial crisis , the answer is actually subject to intense debate among economists .
Making economic projections is far from a scientific process , so it 's not surprising to find valid arguments on both sides of the divide .
The economists who are right will help investors drive returns over the next three years .
Inflation can be a positive or negative , depending on the level and duration of it in our economy .
The main negative associated with inflation is a drop in purchasing power of money , and therefore , consumers .
In extreme cases , consumers may actually start hoarding if they fear continued and aggressive price increases .
The positive side of inflation is to decrease the real value of debt , or essentially provide debt relief .
How do we measure the level and duration of inflation , to know whether it will help or hurt ?
In basic terms , inflation is a rise in prices of basic goods and services over a given period of time .
In the United States , the government generally tracks inflation using the Consumer Price Index , or CPI .
Besides measuring inflation , CPI is also used to set income rates for more than 80 million people on entitlement programs .
48 million people on social security , 22 million food stamp recipients , and 4 million civil service retirees , have benefits tied to the CPI .
When inflation increases , so do their benefits .
These payments are among the largest non-defense obligations in the federal budget .
Not surprisingly , then , the government tends to understate inflation and has changed the way the CPI is calculated nine times since 1996 .
Another common inflation metric is the Federal Reserve 's core inflation , which it uses to measure overall inflation .
The Fed excludes food and energy prices to smooth out short - term volatility .
However , based on government data , food and energy purchases make up 36 % of the average consumer 's budget .
The Fed 's inflation graph might look nice and smooth , but it 's probably not the best indicator for how your wallet feels when paying bills or buying groceries .
So , conventional measures of inflation are imperfect at best .
Which may embolden economists who dispute the idea that we are in an inflationary environment .
They argue that our economy is too slack to be inflationary .
With a 9.7 % February unemployment rate ( the worst for February since 1983 ) and capacity utilization is at 72.7 % ( 7.9 percentage below the average from 1972 to 2009 ) , the thinking is , what 's there to inflate ?
If employment and utilization of industry are low , then so are supply and demand which help set pricing levels .
How , then , can prices possibly inflate ?
Despite this argument , and primarily due to aggressively accommodative monetary policy in the United States and around the globe , we believe inflation is here , and poised to accelerate as all the slack in global economies begins to tighten .
Measures of inflation for major nations around the globe give support to our conclusions : most of the G20 nations are reporting higher than normal inflation rates .
While we take some issue with the U.S. government 's calculation of inflation , even federal economists have reported inflating prices this year .
The January CPI came in at 2.6 % and February reported at 2.1 % .
We expect March figures to accelerate even further .
The U.S. treasury and currency markets have also showed inflation signs for months , with the dollar up and the price of treasury bonds down .
Also , as we recently noted to our clients , fixed versus floating interest rate swaps have turned negative for the first time in over a decade .
This means investors are aggressively betting that floating interest rates will increase , because the Fed , as it becomes more concerned about inflation , tends to raise interest rates to try and slow it down .
Back in the treasury market , 30 - year treasuries have gone from yielding 3.73 % to yielding 4.72 % over the last year .
That increase has happened for shorter - term treasuries -- the short end of the yield curve -- as well .
And all these increases have happened despite the fact the Fed has maintained its target rate at 0 -- 0.25 % .
Bond yields , in other words , are already accounting for inflation .
Finally , in the chart at the top of this page , we 've plotted the Journal of Commerce Industrial Price Index over the last year .
This index charts the price of key commodities that are used in industrial production .
The chart is up and to the right , screaming inflation .
Commodity inflation will likely lead China to report its first trade deficit in March in 6 years !
As they say , the markets do n't lie , people do ( or government statistics as the case may be ) .
Based on the evidence above , we 're sticking with our inflation call -- until the markets , and the data , tell us different .
Daryl G. Jones is the Managing Director of Risk Management at Hedgeye , a research firm based in New Haven , Conn .
His colleagues Darius Dale and Matt Hedrick also contributed to this column .
The old forums are being retired in favour of a more modern ( free ) community platform .
These forums will remain accessible as aarchive for the time being .
NRW state is seen as a bellwether for national politics German Chancellor Angela Merkel has admitted her coalition suffered a " bitter defeat " in regional elections in North Rhine - Westphalia ( NRW ) .
The chancellor acknowledged her new government , in power since October , had " many avoidable disagreements " that had hurt its chances of re-election in NRW .
She warned that tax cuts would not be possible " in the foreseeable future " .
The NRW result means Mrs Merkel 's coalition no longer has a majority in the upper house of parliament .
This will make it more difficult for her government to get legislation passed .
' Warning shot '
The coalition in NRW , between Mrs Merkel 's Christian Democrat party ( CDU ) and the pro-business Free Democrats ( FDP ) , had mirrored the one at the federal level .
Many analysts believe their defeat was in large part due to the government 's recent decision to contribute to a huge rescue package for Greece .
Many cities in NRW are on the brink of bankruptcy .
But , in her comments on the result , Mrs Merkel acknowledged that the stumbling start her new national coalition government had since September 's general elections had not helped .
Analysis : Merkel faces fallout " There 's no talking around it - we suffered a bitter defeat , " she said .
" As regards the work of the federal government , I will only say this :
In the first months , we did not provide any momentum to the government in NRW .
" On the contrary , we were a factor holding them back , and there were many avoidable disagreements . "
She warned that big tax cuts - favoured by the FDP and promised by the new coalition - would not now be possible .
" The ... coalition in Berlin must now set its priorities clearly , " she said .
" That means , from my point of view , firstly that tax cuts cannot be implemented for the foreseeable future - discussions about the euro , about [ loan ] guarantees and a lot of other things show us that . "
She warned that tax cuts were unlikely for " at least two years - the budgets for 2011 and 2012 " .
Final results in NRW showed the CDU with 34.6 % and their FDP allies on 6.7 % .
The Social Democrats ( SPD ) , Germany 's main opposition party , polled 34.5 % of the vote , while the Greens won 12.1 % and the Left Party 5.6 % .
It is not immediately clear what type of alliance or coalition will emerge in NRW .
NRW , Germany 's most populous state and home to 18 million people , is in the country 's industrial heartland and regarded as a weathervane for national politics .
Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle , who is also vice - chancellor and leader of the Free Democrats , called the loss a " warning shot for the governing parties " .
" We must make an effort to win back lost trust , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I do n’t know why but I have become obsessed lately with the whole “ pedaling endurance ” concept .
The more I think about it the more I think it holds the key for most mountain bikers to take their riding to the next level .
And far from being just a DH rider concept , this idea applies just as much to trail riders and XC racers .
I was going over the new programs with a couple of my riders this weekend and in talking with them I mentioned a saying I ’ve heard many times before – Fatigue masks fitness .
No matter where you are or what type of riding you do this saying applies to you .
When you get tired your “ fitness ” is hard to display .
However , what is important to note is that fatigue from one thing can affect your fitness in another area .
Let me give you an analogy to illustrate my point – take a powerlifter who can easily squat 600 pounds .
Most would admit that he is very “ fit ” from a strength perspective .
However , have that same guy go run a 10 K and then try to squat – I guarantee you that he wo n’t be squatting nearly as much as he usually could .
Now , take a runner who can cover a 10 K in under 40 minutes .
Have them do a max effort squat workout and then go run – again , they will not be able to run as fast as they usually could .
What we have here is a guy who is strong but had that fitness masked by fatigue from an endurance event .
Conversely , we have a runner who has great cardio but it was masked by fatigue from a strength event .
In both cases you had people who were “ fit ” relative to their sport but had an unrelated event mask their fitness .
This is what I think happens to a lot of trail riders and XC riders , especially those who automatically write off a lot of my advice as being “ DH specific ” .
No matter how great your cardio levels are , if you get to the end of a ride or race and you have been physically beat up by the trail you will feel sluggish and tired .
Your physical weakness will mask your cardio fitness on the trail .
Unfortunately , a lot of riders who get to the end of a long ride or race and feel their legs going out on them misinterpret that as meaning that they need to work on their pedaling endurance ( i.e. more long rides and other cardio stuff ) .
However , what they really need to do is get stronger so that the trail does n’t beat them up so bad that they are excessively fatigued when they get to the end of a ride .
No matter how long your average ride or race , lack of physical strength will take its toll on you and make it hard to show your cardio / pedaling fitness towards the end of a ride .
This is n’t even taking into account how stronger riders can plow into technical trail sections faster and with more control .
Add it all up and how strong you are starts to become even more important to how fast and long you can ride .
Let 's be honest :
At 30 years old , it 's been ages since * The Empire Strikes Back *has gotten carded while buying drinks in the Mos Eisley cantina .
And yet it remains generally acknowledged that on May 21 , 1980 – that 's four movies , four TV cartoon spinoffs , two Ewok adventure films and a Bantha - back - breaking load of books and comics ago – George Lucas and Co. put the Best Star Wars Ever on the big screen .
In honor of that anniversary , here are Thirty Reasons The EmpireStrikes Back Still Rules :
( Two brief notes : Yes , it 's three decades on , but , just in case - * spoilers ahead .
* Also , I swear by the Original Untouched Trilogy First approach , which is crucial to truly appreciating all Empire 's glory , especially when you 're introducing it to the kids . )
For starters , the first * Star Wars * sequel brought us awesome new ships and settings and war machines .
Yes , every Star Wars movie trotted out more eye candy , but Empire 's designs still stand among the most unique and iconic in the saga :
__30 . ____ Snow Troopers __–
The ghost - like masks added a new sort of menace to these guys .
Never saw a snowtrooper conking his head on a blast door ...
__29 . ____All - Terrain Armored Transports __–
Or just plain old “ Walkers . ” Brutal and clanking and relentless .
__28 . ____Cloud City __–
From its stunning skyline hanging over Bespin to the iron
and steam and chasms at its core , Lando 's mining colony was the first “ civilized ” Star Wars city we got to visit .
__27 . ____Imperial Probe Droid - __The robot cousin of Mirkwood 's giant spiders , with bonus points for springing from the Airtight Garage mind of Jean “ Moebius ” Giraud .
__26 . ____The Executor – __
As the opening of Star Wars established , Star Destroyers are awfully damn big and scary - which is what makes it so awesome when we see one early in Empire and it's absolutely dwarfed by the shadow of Darth Vader 's flagship .
Next we 've got Empire 's new minor characters .
They 're just glimpses , really , but they do add spice to the galaxy :
25 . You ca n't ignore John Ratzenberger .
Before he carried the mail as Cliff Clavin , he gave orders on Hoth as Bren Derlin .
24 -20 .
The also - ran bounty hunters : IG - 88 , Dengar , Bossk , Zuckuss and 4 - LOM – Their get - together on the Executor bridge is Empire 's brief callback to the Star Wars cantina scene , but it 's all business this time around .
Empire also introduces some big players .
They never steal the limelight from the heroes , but here in Act II of the original trilogy , these four are crucial game - changers :
__19 .
__The Emperor –
We finally get a glimpse of the guy who bosses Darth Vader around , and he 's a freaky monkey - eyed puppetmaster working from the shadows .
He 's almost scarier here as a mellow - voiced hologram than he is the next time we see him , all cackling and finger - lightning and such .
__18 . ____Yoda __– Counterbalancing the Emperor with his understated power and patience
and backward talk , Jedi Master is at his wisest and funniest , and when 900 years old you reach , look as good you will not .
__17 . __Lando Calrissian – Card - player .
Gambler .
Scoundrel .
You 'd like him .
__16 . ____Boba Fett – __Do n't tell me they did n't know this guy was going to be a favorite from the start .
Why else was he the sole Empire action figure to show up on an original Star Wars Kenner package ?
He 's got the brains to stay a step ahead of Solo , and the Hoth - cold soul to ask , “ What if he does n't survive ?
He 's worth a lot to me . ”
Empire 's also got some great shuddery , tense moments :
__15 . __Force Choke – Vader used it to make a little point in Star Wars , but in * Empire* , he drops underlings without hesitation .
Worst .
Promotion .
Ever , Admiral Piett .
__14 . __Luke 's Phantom Duel – I 'll admit that as a kid , most of the meaning behind this scene escaped me .
I got that it was a sort of test which he failed , but it was only as I got older that I realized the deeper aspects of what was going on , and that 's one of the reasons this scene works so well .
13 . B____eneath the Helmet – I remember hearing from other kids about seeing the back of Darth Vader 's head , and it pretty much made my nine - year - old brain go Thermal Detonator .
Skin - crawlingly fascinating , this glimpse that both enhances and preserves mystery is another great reason to watch Episodes IV - VI first .
Probably thanks to Lawrence Kasdan in many cases , Empire stocks a bowcaster bandolier - full of quotes , including these half - dozen :
__12 . “ Laugh it up , fuzzball . ” ( Han Solo )
__
__11 . ____“ Never tell me the odds ! ” ( Han Solo )
__
__10 .
“ It 's not my fault ! ” ( Han Solo and Lando Calrissian )
__
__9 . “ I love you . ” / “ I know . ” ( Princess Leia / Han Solo )
__
8. ____“ I__ am your father . ” __ ( Darth Vader ) __
__
__7 . ____“ Do .
Or do not .
There is no try . ” ( Yoda )
__
Where Star Wars involved establishing a universe and Return of the Jedi wraps up the trilogy 's plot points , Empire is where the main characters shine in their development .
__6 . __R2 -D2 and C - 3PO –
The droids spend most of Star Wars joined at the servo-hip , but separated in Empire by circumstance , they get to stretch their programmed personalities a bit .
__5 . ____Chewbacca – __We saw him mostly as a loyal sidekick in the first movie , but this
time around , we get to feel our favorite wookiee 's moments of genuine despair and rage and melancholy .
__4 . __Princess Leia –
Sure the sarcasm and the spunk are still there , laser brains , but now we find out just how Alderaan 's last royalty feels about a certain flyboy , and wait – what 's that ?
A Force - call , you say ?
How interesting ...
__3 . __Luke Skywalker 's still got a whiny moment or two , but he's not the farmboy from Tatooine anymore .
From the moment he summons his lightsaber across an ice cave to his headstrong decision to try to save his friends , we get a hint of possibilities both dark and light .
__2. ____Han Solo __–The smart - aleck pilot is actually torn , and we get to see it unfold .
He knows the Rebellion 's worth fighting for , but he 's got this whole price - on - his - head thing , too .
He 'll get the hell out of Dodge in a heartbeat – just as soon as he runs back to make sure the Princess is safe .
He quick - draws on a Sith Lord but knows when to tell Chewie “ There 'll be another time . ”
__1 . __The ending – Empire 's greatest asset is nothing short of the greatest one - two cliffhanger punch in movie history .
Vader 's revelation to Luke coupled with the Slave I heading into the sunset with Han on ice in the cargo hold .
I was recently asked if the downer of an ending disappointed us as kids .
Are you kidding ?
Now they had to make another one !
I really could have pushed this list beyond 30 things - so what are your favorite ESB moments , and what did I leave off the list ?
I put in my bio " likes : animals , colorful things , books , everything " so here is what he bought me and his description of why he bought each thing :
Crayola Crayons
" These are some colorful things . "
Echo and Other Elephants DVD
" This is a documentary of your favorite animal , the elephant . "
Winesburg , Ohio " This is a book .
It 's my personal favorite . "
THANK YOU SO MUCH !
Your gifts made my day :)
I am excited to watch my DVD and read my new book !
I 've already made use of the crayons , obviously , to draw you a thank you note .
I 'm aware I draw like a 4th grader .
By George Friedman Discussions about Europe currently are focused on the Greek financial crisis and its potential effect on the future of the European Union .
Discussions these days involving military matters and Europe appear insignificant and even anachronistic .
Certainly , we would agree that the future of the European Union towers over all other considerations at the moment , but we would argue that scenarios for the future of the European Union exist in which military matters are far from archaic .
Russia and the Polish Patriots
For example , the Polish government recently announced that the United States would deploy a battery of Patriot missiles to Poland .
The missiles arrived this week .
When the United States canceled its land - based ballistic missile defense system under intense Russian pressure , the Obama administration appeared surprised at Poland 's intense displeasure with the decision .
Washington responded by promising the Patriots instead , the technology the Poles had wanted all along .
While the Patriot does not enhance America 's ability to protect itself against long - range ballistic missiles from , for example , Iran , it does give Poland some defense against shorter - ranged ballistic missiles and substantial defense against conventional air attack .
Russia is the only country capable of such attacks on Poland with even the most distant potential interest in doing so , and at this point , this is truly an abstract threat .
In removing a system that was really not a threat to Russian interests — U.S. ballistic missile defense at most can handle only a score of missiles , meaning it would have a negligible impact on the Russian nuclear deterrent — the United States ironically has installed a system that could affect Russia .
Under the current circumstances , this is not really significant .
While much is being made of having a few U.S. boots on the ground east of Germany within 40 kilometers ( about 25 miles ) of the Russian Baltic exclave of Kaliningrad , a few hundred technicians and guards are simply not an offensive threat .
Still , the Russians — with a long history of seeing improbable threats turning into very real ones — tend to take hypothetical limits on their power seriously .
They also tend to take gestures seriously , knowing that gestures often germinate into strategic intent .
The Russians obviously oppose this deployment , as the Patriots would allow Poland in league with NATO — and perhaps even by itself — to achieve local air superiority .
There are many crosscurrents in Russian policy , however .
For the moment , the Russians are interested in encouraging better economic relations with the West , as they could use technology and investment that would make them more than a commodity exporter .
Moreover , with the Europeans preoccupied with their economic crisis and the United States still bogged down in the Middle East and needing Russian support on Iran , Moscow has found little outside resistance to its efforts to increase its influence in the former Soviet Union .
Moscow is not unhappy about the European crisis and would n't want to do anything that might engender greater European solidarity .
After all , a solid economic bloc turning into an increasingly powerful and integrated state would pose challenges to Russia in the long run that Moscow is happy to do without .
The Patriot deployment is a current irritation and a hypothetical military problem , but the Russians are not inclined to create a crisis with Europe over it — though this does n't mean Moscow wo n't make countermoves on the margins when it senses opportunities .
For its part , the Obama administration is not focused on Poland at present .
It is obsessed with internal matters , South Asia and the Middle East .
The Patriots were shipped based on a promise made months ago to calm Central European nerves over the Obama administration 's perceived lack of commitment to the region .
In the U.S. State and Defense department sections charged with shipping Patriots to Poland , the delivery process was almost an afterthought ; repeated delays in deploying the system highlighted Washington 's lack of strategic intent .
It is therefore tempting to dismiss the Patriots as of little importance , as merely the combination of a hangover from a Cold War mentality and a minor Obama administration misstep .
Indeed , even a sophisticated observer of the international system might barely note it .
But we would argue that it is more important than it appears precisely because of everything else going on .
Existential Crisis in the EU The European Union is experiencing an existential crisis .
This crisis is not about Greece , but rather , what it is that members of the European Union owe each other and what controls the European Union has over its members .
The European Union did well during a generation of prosperity .
As financial crisis struck , better - off members were called on to help worse - off members .
Again , this is not just about Greece — the 2008 credit crisis in Central Europe was about the same thing .
The wealthier countries , Germany in particular , are not happy at the prospect of spending taxpayer money to assist countries dealing with popped credit bubbles .
They really do n't want to do that , and if they do , they really want to have controls over the ways these other countries spend their money so this circumstance does n't arise again .
Needless to say , Greece — and countries that might wind up like Greece — do not want foreign control over their finances .
If there are no mutual obligations among EU member nations , and the German and Greek publics do n't want to bail out or submit , respectively , then the profound question is raised of what Europe is going to be — beyond a mere free trade zone — after this crisis .
This is not simply a question of the euro surviving , although that is no trivial matter .
The euro and the European Union will probably survive this crisis — although their mutual failure is not nearly as unthinkable as the Europeans would have thought even a few months ago — but this is not the only crisis Europe will experience .
Something always will be going wrong , and Europe does not have institutions that could handle these problems .
Events in the past few weeks indicate that European countries are not inclined to create such institutions , and that public opinion will limit European governments ' ability to create or participate in these institutions .
Remember , building a super state requires one of two things : a war to determine who is in charge or political unanimity to forge a treaty .
Europe is — vividly — demonstrating the limitations on the second strategy .
Whatever happens in the short run , it is difficult to envision any further integration of European institutions .
And it is very easy to see how the European Union will devolve from its ambitious vision into an alliance of convenience built around economic benefits negotiated and renegotiated among the partners .
It would thus devolve from a union to a treaty , with no interest beyond self - interest .
The German Question Revisited
We return to the question that has defined Europe since 1871 , namely , the status of Germany in Europe .
As we have seen during the current crisis , Germany is clearly the economic center of gravity in Europe , and this crisis has shown that the economic and the political issues are very much one and the same .
Unless Germany agrees , nothing can be done , and if Germany so wishes , something will be done .
Germany has tremendous power in Europe , even if it is confined largely to economic matters .
But just as Germany is the blocker and enabler of Europe , over time that makes Germany the central problem of Europe .
If Germany is the key decision maker in Europe , then Germany defines whatever policies Europe as a whole undertakes .
If Europe fragments , then Germany is the only country in Europe with the ability to create alternative coalitions that are both powerful and cohesive .
That means that if the European Union weakens , Germany will have the greatest say in what Europe will become .
Right now , the Germans are working assiduously to reformulate the European Union and the eurozone in a manner more to their liking .
But as this requires many partners to offer sovereignty to German control — sovereignty they have jealously guarded throughout the European project — it is worth exploring alternatives to Germany in the European Union .
For that we first must understand Germany 's limits .
The German problem is the same problem it has had since unification :
It is enormously powerful , but it is far from omnipotent .
Its very power makes it the focus of other powers , and together , these other powers can cripple Germany .
Thus , Germany is indispensable for any decision within the European Union at present , and it will be the single center of power in Europe in the future — but Germany can't just go it alone .
Germany needs a coalition , meaning the long - term question is this :
If the EU were to weaken or even fail , what alternative coalition would Germany seek ?
The casual answer is France , as the two economies are somewhat similar and the countries are next - door neighbors .
But historically , this similarity in structure and location has been a source not of collaboration and fondness but of competition and friction .
Within the European Union , with its broad diversity , Germany and France have been able to put aside their frictions , finding a common interest in managing Europe to their mutual advantage .
That co-management , of course , helped bring us to this current crisis .
Moreover , the biggest thing that France has that Germany wants is its market ; an ideal partner for Germany would offer more .
By itself at least , France is not a foundation for long - term German economic strategy .
The historic alternative for Germany has been Russia .
The Russian Option A great deal of potential synergy exists between the German and Russian economies .
Germany imports large amounts of energy and other resources from Russia .
As mentioned , Russia needs sources of technology and capital to move it beyond its current position of mere resource exporter .
Germany has a shrinking population and needs a source of labor — preferably a source that does n't actually want to move to Germany .
Russia 's Soviet - era economy continues to de-industrialize , and while that has a plethora of negative impacts , there is one often - overlooked positive : Russia now has more labor than it can effectively metabolize in its economy given its capital structure .
Germany does n't want more immigrants but needs access to labor .
Russia wants factories in Russia to employ its surplus work force , and it wants technology .
The logic of the German - Russian economic relationship is more obvious than the German - Greek or German - Spanish relationship .
As for France , it can participate or not ( and incidentally , the French are joining in on a number of ongoing German - Russian projects ) .
Therefore , if we simply focus on economics , and we assume that the European Union cannot survive as an integrated system ( a logical but not yet proven outcome ) , and we further assume that Germany is both the leading power of Europe and incapable of operating outside of a coalition , then we would argue that a German coalition with Russia is the most logical outcome of an EU decline .
This would leave many countries extremely uneasy .
The first is Poland , caught as it is between Russia and Germany .
The second is the United States , since Washington would see a Russo - German economic bloc as a more significant challenger than the European Union ever was for two reasons .
First , it would be a more coherent relationship — forging common policies among two states with broadly parallel interests is far simpler and faster than doing so among 27 .
Second , and more important , where the European Union could not develop a military dimension due to internal dissensions , the emergence of a politico - military dimension to a Russo - German economic bloc is far less difficult to imagine .
It would be built around the fact that both Germans and Russians resent and fear American power and assertiveness , and that the Americans have for years been courting allies who lie between the two powers .
Germany and Russia would both view themselves defending against American pressure .
And this brings us back to the Patriot missiles .
Regardless of the bureaucratic backwater this transfer might have emerged out of , or the political disinterest that generated the plan , the Patriot stationing fits neatly into a slowly maturing military relationship between Poland and the United States .
A few months ago , the Poles and Americans conducted military exercises in the Baltic states , an incredibly sensitive region for the Russians .
The Polish air force now flies some of the most modern U.S. - built F - 16s in the world ; this , plus Patriots , could seriously challenge the Russians .
A Polish general commands a sector in Afghanistan , something not lost upon the Russians .
By a host of processes , a close U.S. - Polish relationship is emerging .
The current economic problems may lead to a fundamental weakening of the European Union .
Germany is economically powerful but needs economic coalition partners that contribute to German well - being rather than merely draw on it .
A Russian - German relationship could logically emerge from this .
If it did , the Americans and Poles would logically have their own relationship .
The former would begin as economic and edge toward military .
The latter begins as military , and with the weakening of the European Union , edges toward economics .
The Russian - German bloc would attempt to bring others into its coalition , as would the Polish - U.S. bloc .
Both would compete in Central Europe — and for France .
During this process , the politics of NATO would shift from humdrum to absolutely riveting .
And thus , the Greek crisis and the Patriots might intersect , or in our view , will certainly in due course intersect .
Though neither is of lasting importance in and of themselves , the two together point to a new logic in Europe .
What appears impossible now in Europe might not be unthinkable in a few years .
With Greece symbolizing the weakening of the European Union and the Patriots representing the remilitarization of at least part of Europe , ostensibly unconnected tendencies might well intersect .
Professional gamer Lim Yo - hwan revealed that he is in a romantic relationship with actress Kim Ka-yeon on his fan site last week .
They have been dating for two years .
The disclosure immediately earned the couple the nickname " Korea 's Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher . "
Kim is eight years older than Lim and the single mother of a 16 - year - old daughter .
JK Keller took 1 picture of his face every single day for 8 years and lined them up one after another in this awesome video montage .
Check it out :
[ Via ]
How do you get more organic traffic ?
Optimize your infographic for SEO .
Follow this simple checklist to make sure you get the most eyes on your content .
For once I do not need to add a caveat about changes being inside the margin of error and not necessarily being significant – today ’s YouGov poll for the Sun shows a huge surge for the Liberal Democrats on the back of Nick Clegg ’s debate performance , putting the Lib Dems ahead of Labour and into second place .
The topline figures are CON 33 % ( - 4 ) , LAB 28 %( - 3 ) , LDEM 30 % ( +8 ) .
The surge in Lib Dem support therefore seems to have come pretty evenly at the expence of the Conservatives and Labour .
This is the highest level of support YouGov have recorded for the Liberal Democrats since the aftermath of the Brent East by - election victory , way back in 2003 .
On a uniform swing these figures would leave Labour the largest party , despite being in third place .
The Lib Dems would have around about 100 seats .
In reality though , it ’s almost impossible to say how this would translate into an election result .
In 1983 when the SDP Liberal Alliance almost pushed Labour into third place UNS was actually a pretty good predictor of the result , but who knows how it would work in practice now .
If the Lib Dems stay at this sort of figure I ’m sure we ’ll eventually see some more detailled polling to see how the electoral plates are shifting , but till then it is speculation .
The questions now are firstly whether other polls show the same thing ?
Secondly how long this boost lasts .
Is it mostly a publicity boost that will rapidly disappear , or will it stick around ?
Boosts after things like the Brent East by - election did n’t last long , but in this case the Lib Dems will probably enjoy a further publicity boost from the very fact there are polls showing them in second place , and on top of that there are two more debates to go .
Thirdly , how does this change the narrative – can the Lib Dems start painting themselves as a contender to actually win ?
Los rectores acordaron realizar foros temáticos regionales , para realizar un diagnóstico por zonas sobre la incidencia delictiva
[ email protected ] MORELIA , Mich . —
El problema de la inseguridad en México “ no sólo es un tema policiaco ” ni de “ bala contra bala , porque es más riesgoso para los ciudadanos ” , insistieron rectores de las universidades públicas del país , quienes en los dos últimos años han sumado alumnos , trabajadores y profesores muertos y secuestrados , además de ser blanco de extorsiones y robos , ante lo cual se duplicó el presupuesto para contratar más personal de vigilancia , instalar cámaras y arcos detectores de metales e incluso solicitar rondines de las policías estatales en los campus universitarios .
La Secretaría de Educación Pública ( SEP ) hizo un llamado para “ construir una ciudadanía responsable y desprendernos del miedo .
La única manera de hacerlo es encarar los problemas , entenderlos y proponer soluciones ” .
Rodolfo Tuirán Gutiérrez , subsecretario de Educación Superior , dijo que pese a esas condiciones de inseguridad que viven las universidades , “ debemos ser capaces de hacer muchas cosas sin el temor que implican los peligros y las percepciones de nuestro entorno .
“ Si dejamos de visitar a la abuela o al novio , estamos reaccionando a las percepciones y realidades de nuestro entorno , estamos condicionando y limitando nuestro ejercicio de ciudadanía ” .
Al concluir la 34 sesión ordinaria del Consejo del Universidades Públicas e Instituciones Afines ( CUPIA ) , Mario García Valdez , coordinador del grupo de 65 rectores para el tema de la inseguridad , afirmó que las instituciones han empezado a tomar “ medidas inevitables y elementales ” ante la violencia generada por el narcotráfico y los crímenes comunes como el robo y el asalto .
A casi tres semanas de la reunión con el presidente Felipe Calderón , los rectores acordaron realizar foros temáticos regionales , para realizar un diagnóstico por zonas sobre la incidencia delictiva y aportar soluciones que puedan ser llevadas al Ejecutivo federal .
En la reunión , en la que fue evidente la ausencia de los rectores y directores de la UNAM , el IPN , la UAM y la estatal de Guadalajara , se anunció la creación de una página web en la que se compartirán las experiencias y manuales para la prevención del delito y el fortalecimiento de la seguridad de las instituciones .
En entrevista con el rector de la Universidad Autónoma de Ciudad Juárez , Jorge Mario Quintana Silveyra , dijo que en los últimos dos años el balance para esa casa de estudios es de dos estudiantes desparecidos , uno secuestrado y 11 alumnos y profesores muertos .
Informó que en este año se ejercieron ocho millones de pesos en la seguridad de las instalaciones universitarias , lo que significa un crecimiento de 200 % .
En el caso de Nuevo León , el rector Jesús Ancer Rodríguez , explicó que una joven de arquitectura murió la semana pasada como parte de la violencia .
Dijo que lo que las instituciones han sugerido a los jóvenes medidas de autoprotección para no confrontarse con los hampones ante asaltos ; también se ha incrementado la seguridad con la instalación de cámaras y la contratación de guardias .
En todo ello se invirtieron 80 millones de pesos este año .
El rector de Morelos , Fernando Bilbao , afirmó que la inversión para seguridad se incrementó casi 100 % en el último año , al pasar de 7 a 12 millones de pesos y pese a que se fortaleció la vigilancia , se contabilizan robos , asaltos , tres heridos por bala entre los universitarios , además de la muerte de un joven de la Facultad de Química .
Para reducir la criminalidad solicitó a la policía municipal de Cuernavaca que realice rondines en las instalaciones .
En Tamaulipas , el rector José María Leal confirmó que hace dos meses un comando entró a las instalaciones de la institución “ porque iban buscando a alguien , afortunadamente no hubo disparos ni acontecimientos lamentables ” .
En San Luis Potosí , el rector Mario García Valdez , señaló que la inseguridad provocó que se pague 10 millones de pesos por vigilancia al año .
The presidency of Ulysses S. Grant began on March 4 , 1869 , when Ulysses S. Grant was inaugurated as the 18th president of the United States , and ended on March 4 , 1877 .
Grant took office in the aftermath of the Civil War , and he presided over much of the Reconstruction Era .
A Republican , Grant became president after defeating Democrat Horatio Seymour in the 1868 presidential election .
He was reelected in 1872 in a landslide victory , overcoming a split in the Republican Party that resulted in the formation of the Liberal Republicans , which nominated Horace Greeley to oppose him .
He was succeeded as president by Republican Rutherford B. Hayes after the contested 1876 presidential election .
Reconstruction took precedence during Grant 's two terms of office .
The Ku Klux Klan caused widespread violence throughout the South against African Americans .
By 1870 , all former Confederate states had been readmitted into the United States and were represented in Congress .
However Democrats , or former slave owners , violently refused to accept that freedmen were citizens , who were granted suffrage by the Fifteenth Amendment .
By 1871 Klan activity was becoming out of control , while Grant and Congress created the Department of Justice and had passed three Force Acts .
Grant and his Attorney General Amos T. Akerman began a crackdown on Klan in the South , starting in South Carolina , making arrests and convictions , causing the Klan to demobilize and ensuring a fair election for 1872 .
Rather than develop a cadre of trustworthy political advisers , Grant was self - reliant in choosing his cabinet .
He relied heavily on former Army associates , who had a thin understanding of politics and a weak sense of civilian ethics .
Numerous scandals plagued his administration , including allegations of bribery , fraud , and cronyism .
In 1872 , Grant signed into law an Act of Congress that established Yellowstone National Park , the nation 's first National Park .
A strong economy , reduction of the national debt , federal spending , tariffs , and the federal workforce , aided Grant in getting reelected .
Congress established a de facto deflationary gold standard that reduced the number of greenbacks in the national economy .
However , financial overinvestment in railroad construction caused the Panic of 1873 and economic turmoil .
The Long Depression that followed , and Grant 's veto of an inflation bill , turned public opinion against him .
Democrats regained control of the House in the 1874 elections .
While scandals escalated , reformers appointed by Grant were able to clean up some federal departments .
Most notably , Secretary of the Treasury Benjamin Bristow prosecuted the Whiskey Ring , leading to the indictment of Grant 's personal secretary , Orville E. Babcock .
Grant continued to support Reconstruction , and he signed the Civil Rights Act of 1875 , which banned discrimination in public accommodations .
Secretary of War William W. Belknap suddenly resigned office in February 1876 ; afterwards impeached by the House for taking kickbacks .
When Grant left office in 1877 , Redeemers controlled all Southern state governments .
The United States was at peace with the world throughout Grant 's eight years in office , but his handling of foreign policy was uneven .
Tensions with Native American tribes in the West continued .
Under the talented Secretary of State Hamilton Fish , the Treaty of Washington restored relations with Britain and resolved the contentious Alabama Claims , while the Virginius Affair with Spain was settled peacefully .
Grant attempted to annex the Caribbean island of Santo Domingo , but the annexation was blocked by the Senate .
With the completion of the Transcontinental Railroad in 1869 , the West was wide open to expansionism that sometimes was challenged by hostile Native Americans .
Grant pursued a Peace policy with Native Americans , but persistent western expansion by settlers made conflict difficult to avoid .
Grant presided over the Great Sioux War of 1876 and other clashes with the Native Americans .
Grant 's presidency was traditionally denounced by historians due to corruption charges among subordinates , despite efforts of reform in his administration .
His presidential reputation has greatly risen over the past few decades among historians who have noted that Grant advanced a modern presidency , that included a reformed Indian policy , African American civil rights , the first Civil Service Commission , and protected women under federal law .
Election of 1868 [ edit ]
Grant - Colfax Campaign Poster 1868
Grant 's rise in political popularity among Republicans was based on his Union military service during the Civil War , his successful generalship that defeated Robert E. Lee , and his break from President Andrew Johnson over the Tenure of Office Act , when Grant returned the War Office back to Edwin Stanton .
His presidential nomination was unopposed and inevitable .
The Republican Party delegates unanimously nominated Ulysses S. Grant ( Ohio ) the Republican Party presidential candidate at its May convention held in Chicago .
House Speaker Schuyler Colfax ( Indiana ) , was chosen its vice presidential candidate .
The 1868 Republican Party platform advocated enfranchisement of African Americans in the South but kept the issue open in the North .
It opposed using greenbacks , only gold , to redeem U.S. bonds , encouraged immigration , endorsed full rights for naturalized citizens , and favored radical reconstruction as distinct from the more lenient policy espoused by President Andrew Johnson .
In Grant 's acceptance letter he said : " Let us have peace . " [ a ]
These words became the Republican popular mantra .
Electoral Vote Results 1868
The Democratic Party , divided by the Civil War , reunited and was determined to take back the presidency .
Democrats accepted the end of slavery and focused on economic policy .
The party held its July convention in New York at Tammany Hall .
Nathan Bedford Forrest , leader of the Ku Klux Klan , attended its proceedings .
The party delegates finally nominated Horatio Seymour ( New York ) the Democratic Party presidential candidate .
Seymour was the war governor of New York but had been reluctant to send Union troops to the war front , favored the anti-war Copperheads , and ineptly handled the New York draft riots .
To counter Seymour 's political liabilities , the delegates nominated Francis P. Blair ( Missouri ) for vice president .
Although Blair was a Union soldier who served under General William T. Sherman , Blair 's campaign rhetoric was caustic and said Reconstruction governments in the South were corrupt and out of control .
The Democratic Party platform advocated war bonds be redeemed with $ 100,000,000 in greenbacks and the rest with gold .
It advocated former Confederates be allowed to hold elective offices .
Grant won the presidential election with an overwhelming Electoral College victory , receiving 214 votes to Seymour 's 80 .
Grant also received 52.7 percent of the popular vote nationwide .
Grant 's margin of victory was enhanced by six southern states controlled by Republicans , while many ex-Confederates were still prevented from voting .
First term 1869 –1873 [ edit ]
Inauguration of President Grant
Mathew Brady March 4 , 1869 Mathew Brady March 4 , 1869
On March 4 , 1869 , Grant was sworn in as the eighteenth president of the United States by Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase .
At age forty - six , he was the youngest president yet elected .
In his inaugural address , Grant urged the ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment and said he would approach Reconstruction " calmly , without prejudice , hate or sectional pride . "
He also recommended the " proper treatment " of Native Americans be studied , advocating their civilization and eventual citizenship .
Grant pledged all laws would be " faithfully executed " and argued war bonds redeemed in gold would lower future interest rates .
Grant 's cabinet choices surprised the nation and were met with both criticism and approval .
Grant appointed Elihu B. Washburne Secretary of State , as a friendship courtesy , only to briefly serve office , and then be appointed Minister to France .
Grant then appointed conservative Hamilton Fish , former governor of New York , to succeed Washburne .
Grant appointed wealthy New York merchant Alexander T. Stewart Secretary of Treasury , but he was quickly found to be disqualified by a federal law that prohibited anyone in office to engage in commerce .
When Congress would not amend the law , an embarrassed Grant appointed Massachusetts Congressman George S. Boutwell , to replace Stewart .
Grant appointed close friend John A. Rawlins Secretary of War .
After serving only a few months Rawlins died in office .
Afterward , Grant appointed William W. Belknap of Iowa Secretary of War. Grant appointed Philadelphia merchant Adolph E. Borie Secretary of Navy who soon resigned due to the stress of running the department .
Grant appointed relatively unknown George M. Robeson of New Jersey to replace Borie .
Grant made three respected appointments : former Ohio Governor Jacob D. Cox Secretary of the Interior , former Senator from Maryland John Creswell Postmaster General , and Ebenezer Rockwood Hoar Attorney General .
Revised Tenure of Office Act [ edit ]
In March 1869 , President Grant made it known he desired the Tenure of Office Act repealed , stating it was a " stride toward a revolution in our free system " .
The Tenure of Office Act was passed by Congress in 1867 , sponsored by Radical Republicans , to curb the power of President Andrew Johnson in making government office appointments .
The controversial law had been invoked during the impeachment trial of Johnson in 1868 .
To bolster the repeal effort , Grant declined to make any new appointments except for vacancies , until the law was overturned .
On March 9 , 1869 , the House repealed the law outright , but the Senate Judiciary Committee rejected the bill and only offered Grant a temporary suspension of the law .
When Grant objected , the Senate Republican caucus met , and proposed allowing the President to have a free hand in choosing and removing his own cabinet .
The Senate Judiciary Committee wrote the new bill .
A muddled compromise was reached by the House and Senate .
Grant signed the bill into law on April 5 , having gotten virtually everything he wanted .
Reconstruction [ edit ]
The Civil War brought on a Northern policy of Reconstruction on the former Confederate States that included an absolute " economic , political , and economic transformation of the South . "
The primary goals were the reunification of the nation and the integration of African Americans , given citizenship , into American " political , economic , and social life . "
Grant was considered an " engaged and effective executive " concerning civil rights for African Americans .
Grant hosted Louisiana 's Oscar J. Dunn at the White House , America 's first elected African American lieutenant governor .
Grant appointed Ebenezer Bassett minister resident to Haiti , America 's first African American diplomat .
Grant signed an equal rights bill into law for African Americans in the District of Columbia .
Fifteenth Amendment [ edit ]
Grant worked to ensure ratification of the Fifteenth Amendment approved by Congress and sent to the states during the last days of the Johnson administration .
The amendment prohibited the federal and state governments from denying a citizen the right to vote based on that citizen 's " race , color , or previous condition of servitude . " [ 17 ]
On December 24 , 1869 , Grant established federal military rule in Georgia and restored black legislators who had been expelled from the state legislature .
On February 3 , 1870 , the amendment reached the requisite number of state ratifications ( then 27 ) and was certified as the Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution . [ 17 ]
Grant hailed its ratification as " a measure of grander importance than any other one act of the kind from the foundation of our free government to the present day " .
By mid-1870 former Confederate states : Virginia , Texas , Mississippi , and Georgia had ratified the 15th Amendment and were readmitted to the Union .
Department of Justice [ edit ]
On June 22 , 1870 , Grant signed a bill into law passed by Congress that created the Department of Justice and to aid the Attorney General , the Office of Solicitor General .
Grant appointed Amos T. Akerman as Attorney General and Benjamin H. Bristow as America 's first Solicitor General .
Both Akerman and Bristow used the Department of Justice to vigorously prosecute Ku Klux Klan members in the early 1870s .
Grant appointed Hiram C. Whitley as director of the new Secret Service Agency in 1869 , after he had successfully arrested 12 Klansmen in Georgia who would murdered a leading local Republican official .
Whitley used talented detectives who infiltrated and broke up KKK units in North Carolina and Alabama .
However they could not penetrate the main hotbed of KKK activity in upstate South Carolina .
Grant sent in Army troops but Whitley 's agents learned they were lying below until the troops were withdrawn .
Whitley warned Akerman , who convinced Grant to declare martial law and send in US marshals backed by federal troops to arrest 500 Klansmen ; hundred more fled the state , and hundreds of others surrendered in return for leniency . [ 24 ] [ 25 ]
In the first few years of Grant 's first term in office , there were 1000 indictments against Klan members with over 550 convictions from the Department of Justice .
By 1871 , there were 3000 indictments and 600 convictions with most only serving brief sentences while the ringleaders were imprisoned for up to five years in the federal penitentiary in Albany , New York .
The result was a dramatic decrease in violence in the South .
Akerman gave credit to Grant and told a friend that no one was " better " or " stronger " than Grant when it came to prosecuting terrorists .
Akerman 's successor , George H. Williams , in December 1871 , continued to prosecute the Klan throughout 1872 until the Spring of 1873 during Grant 's second term in office . [ 27 ]
Williams ' clemency and moratorium on Klan prosecutions was due in part to the fact that the Justice Department , having been inundated by Klan outrage cases , did not have the effective manpower to continue the prosecutions . [ 27 ]
Naturalization
Act of 1870 [ edit ]
On July 14 , 1870 , Grant signed into law the Naturalization Act of 1870 that allowed persons of African descent to become citizens of the United States .
This revised an earlier law , the Naturalization Act of 1790 that only allowed white persons of good moral character to become U.S. citizens .
The law also prosecuted persons who used fictitious names , misrepresentations , or identities of deceased individuals when applying for citizenship . [ 28 ]
Force Acts of 1870 and 1871 [ edit ]
To add enforcement to the 15th Amendment , Congress passed an act that guaranteed the protection of voting rights of African Americans ; Grant signed the bill , known as the Force Act of 1870 into law on May 31 , 1870 .
This law was designed to keep the Redeemers from attacking or threatening African Americans .
This act placed severe penalties on persons who used intimidation , bribery , or physical assault to prevent citizens from voting and placed elections under Federal jurisdiction .
On January 13 , 1871 , Grant submitted to Congress a report on violent acts committed by the Ku Klux Klan in the South .
On March 20 , Grant told a reluctant Congress the situation in the South was dire and federal legislation was needed that would " secure life , liberty , and property , and the enforcement of law , in all parts of the United States . "
Grant stated that the U.S. mail and the collection of revenue was in jeopardy .
Congress investigated the Klan 's activities and eventually passed the Force Act of 1871 to allow prosecution of the Klan .
This Act , also known as the " Ku Klux Klan Act " and written by Representative Benjamin Butler , was passed by Congress to specifically go after local units of the Ku Klux Klan .
Although sensitive to charges of establishing a military dictatorship , Grant signed the bill into law on April 20 , 1871 , after being convinced by Secretary of Treasury , George Boutwell , that federal protection was warranted , having cited documented atrocities against the Freedmen .
This law allowed the president to suspend habeas corpus on " armed combinations " and conspiracies by the Klan .
The Act also empowered the president " to arrest and break up disguised night marauders " .
The actions of the Klan were defined as high crimes and acts of rebellion against the United States .
The Ku Klux Klan consisted of local secret organizations formed to violently oppose Republican rule during Reconstruction ; there was no organization above the local level .
Wearing white hoods to hide their identity the Klan would attack and threaten Republicans .
The Klan was strong in South Carolina between 1868 and 1870 ; South Carolina Governor Robert K. Scott , who was mired in corruption charges , allowed the Klan to rise to power . [ 35 ]
Grant , who was fed up with their violent tactics , ordered the Ku Klux Klan to disperse from South Carolina and lay down their arms under the authority of the Enforcement Acts on October 12 , 1871 .
There was no response , and so on October 17 , 1871 , Grant issued a suspension of habeas corpus in all the 9 counties in South Carolina .
Grant ordered federal troops in the state who then captured the Klan ; who were vigorously prosecuted by Att. Gen. Akerman and Sol. Gen. Bristow .
With the Klan destroyed other white supremacist groups would emerge , including the White League and the Red Shirts .
Amnesty Act of 1872 [ edit ]
Texas was readmitted into the Union on March 30 , 1870 , Mississippi was readmitted February 23 , 1870 , and Virginia on January 26 , 1870 .
Georgia became the last Confederate state to be readmitted into the Union on July 15 , 1870 .
All members of the House of Representatives and Senate were seated from the 10 Confederate states who seceded .
Technically , the United States was again a united country . [ 36 ]
To ease tensions , Grant signed the Amnesty Act of 1872 on May 23 , 1872 , that gave amnesty to former Confederates .
This act allowed most former Confederates , who before the war had taken an oath to uphold the Constitution of the United States , to hold elected public office .
Only 500 former Confederates remained unpardonable and therefore forbidden to hold elected public office . [ 37 ]
Domestic affairs [ edit ]
Holidays law [ edit ]
On June 28 , 1870 , Grant approved and signed legislation that made Christmas , or December 25 , a legal public Holiday within Washington D.C. Historian Ron White said this was done by Grant because of his passion to unify the nation .
During the early 19th Century in the United States , Christmas became more of a family - centered activity .
Other Holidays , included in the law within Washington D.C. , were New Year , Fourth of July , and Thanksgiving .
The law affected 5,300 federal employees working in the District of Columbia , the nation 's capital .
The legislation was meant to adapt to similar laws in states surrounding Washington D.C. and " in every State of the Union . "
Utah territory polygamy [ edit ]
Brigham Young
Charles William Carter 1866-1877 Charles William Carter 1866-1877
In 1862 , during the American Civil War President Lincoln signed into law the Morrill bill that outlawed polygamy in all U.S. Territories .
Mormons who practiced polygamy in Utah , for the most part , resisted the Morrill law and the territorial governor .
[ 42]:301 During the 1868 election , Grant had mentioned he would enforce the law against polygamy .
Tensions began as early as 1870 , when Mormons in Ogden , Utah began to arm themselves and practice military drilling . [ 43 ]
By the Fourth of July , 1871 Mormon militia in Salt Lake City , Utah were on the verge of fighting territorial troops ; however , more level heads prevailed and violence was averted . [ 44 ]
Grant , however , who believed Utah was in a state of rebellion was determined to arrest those who practiced polygamy outlawed under the Morrill Act . [ 45 ]
In October 1871 hundreds of Mormons were rounded up by U.S. marshals , put in a prison camp , arrested , and put on trial for polygamy .
One convicted polygamist received a $ 500 fine and 3 years in prison under hard labor . [ 46 ]
On November 20 , 1871 , Mormon leader Brigham Young , in ill health , had been charged with polygamy .
Young 's attorney stated that Young had no intention to flee the court .
Other persons during the polygamy shut down were charged with murder or intent to kill . [ 47 ]
The Morrill Act , however , proved hard to enforce since proof of marriage was required for conviction .
[ 42 ] :294 On December 4 , 1871 , Grant stated that polygamists in Utah were " a remnant of barbarism , repugnant to civilization , to decency , and to the laws of the United States . " [ 48 ]
Comstock Act [ edit ]
In March 1873 , anti-obscenity moralists , led by Anthony Comstock , secretary of the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice , easily secured passage of the Comstock
Act which made it a federal crime to mail articles " for any indecent or immoral use " .
Grant signed the bill after he was assured that Comstock would personally enforce it .
Comstock went on to become a special agent of the Post Office appointed by Secretary James Cresswell .
Comstock prosecuted pornographers , imprisoned abortionists , banned nude art , stopped the mailing of information about contraception , and tried to ban what he considered bad books .
Early suffrage movement [ edit ]
Bennette Lockwood
Mathew Brady 1865 –1880 Mathew Brady 1865 –1880
During Grant 's presidency the early Women 's suffrage movement led by Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton gained national attention .
Anthony lobbied for female suffrage , equal gender pay , and protection of property for women who resided in Washington D.C. [ 50 ]
In April 1869 , Grant signed into law the protection of married women 's property from their husbands ' debts and the ability for women to sue in court in Washington D.C. [ 51 ]
In March 1870 Representative Samuel M. Arnell introduced a bill , coauthored by suffragist Bennette Lockwood , that would give women federal workers equal pay for equal work . [ 52 ]
Two years later Grant signed a modified Senate version of the Arnell Bill into law . [ 52 ]
The law required that all federal female clerks would be paid the fully compensated salary ; however , lower tiered female clerks were exempted . [ 53 ]
The law increased women 's clerk salaries from 4 % to 20 % during the 1870s ; however , the culture of patronage and patriarchy continued . [ 53 ]
To placate the burgeoning suffragist movement , the Republicans ' platform included that women 's rights should be treated with " respectful consideration " , while Grant advocated equal rights for all citizens .
Native American affairs [ edit ]
After the very bloody frontier wars in the 1860s , Grant sought to build a " peace policy " toward the tribes .
He emphasized appointees who wanted peace , and were favorable toward religious groups .
In the end , however , the western warfare grew worse . [ 55 ]
Grant declared in his 1869 Inaugural Address that he favored " any course toward them which tends to their civilization and ultimate citizenship . "
In a bold step , Grant appointed his aide General Ely S. Parker , Donehogawa ( a Seneca ) , the first Native American Commissioner of Indian Affairs .
Parker met some opposition in the Senate until Attorney General Hoar said Parker was legally able to hold the office .
The Senate confirmed Parker by a vote of 36 to 12 .
During Parker 's tenure Native wars dropped from 101 in 1869 to 58 in 1870 .
Early on Grant met with tribal chiefs of the Choctaw , Creek , Cherokee , and Chickasaw nations who expressed interest to teach " wild " Natives outside their own settled districts farming skills .
Grant told the Native chiefs that American settlement would lead to inevitable conflict , but that the " march to civilization " would lead to pacification .
On April 10 , 1869 , Congress created the Board of Indian Commissioners .
Grant appointed volunteer members who were " eminent for their intelligence and philanthropy . "
The Grant Board was given extensive joint - power with Grant , Secretary of Interior Cox , and the Interior Department to supervise the Bureau of Indian Affairs and " civilize " Native Americans .
No Natives were appointed to the committee , only European Americans .
The commission monitored purchases and began to inspect Native agencies .
It attributed much of the trouble in Native country to the encroachment of whites .
The board approved of the destruction of Native culture .
The Natives were to be instructed in Christianity , agriculture , representative government , and assimilated on reservations .
On January 23 , 1870 , the Peace Policy was tested when Major Edward M. Baker senselessly slaughtered 173 Piegan Indians , mostly women , and children , in the Marias Massacre .
Public outcry increased when General Sheridan defended Baker 's actions .
On July 15 , 1870 , Grant signed Congressional legislation that barred military officers from holding either elected or appointed office or suffer dismissal from the Army .
In December 1870 , Grant submitted to Congress the names of the new appointees , most of whom were confirmed by the Senate . [ 61 ]
Grant 's Peace policy received a boost when Chief of the Oglala Sioux Red Cloud , Maȟpíya Lúta , and Brulé Sioux Spotted Tail , Siŋté Glešká , arrived in Washington D.C. and met Grant at the White House for a bountiful state dinner on May 7 , 1870 .
Red Cloud , at a previous meeting with Secretary Cox and Commissioner Parker , complained that promised rations and arms for hunting had not been delivered .
Afterward , Grant and Cox lobbied Congress for the promised supplies and rations .
Congress responded and on July 15 , 1870 , Grant signed the Indian Appropriations
Act into law that appropriated the tribal monies .
Two days after Spotted Tail urged the Grant administration to keep white settlers from invading Native reservation land , Grant ordered all Generals in the West to " keep intruders off by military force if necessary " .
In 1871 , Grant signed another Indians Appropriations
Act that ended the governmental policy of treating tribes as independent sovereign nations .
Natives would be treated as individuals or wards of the state and Indian policies would be legislated by Congressional statutes .
At the core of the Peace Policy was putting the western reservations under the control of religious denominations .
In 1872 , the implementation of the policy involved the allotting of Indian reservations to religious organizations as exclusive religious domains .
Of the 73 agencies assigned , the Methodists received fourteen ; the Orthodox Friends ten ; the Presbyterians nine ; the Episcopalians eight ; the Roman Catholics seven ; the Hicksite Friends six ; the Baptists five ; the Dutch Reformed five ; the Congregationalists three ; Christians two ; Unitarians two ; American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions one ; and Lutherans one .
Infighting between competitive missionary groups over the distribution of agencies was detrimental to Grant 's Peace Policy .
The selection criteria were vague and some critics saw the Peace Policy as violating Native American freedom of religion . [ 67 ]
In another setback , William Welsh , a prominent merchant , prosecuted the Bureau in a Congressional investigation over malfeasance .
Although Parker was exonerated , legislation passed Congress that authorized the board to approve goods and services payments by vouchers from the Bureau .
Parker resigned office , and Grant replaced Parker with reformer Francis A. Walker .
Financial affairs [ edit ]
On taking office Grant 's first move was signing the Act to Strengthen the Public Credit , which the Republican Congress had just passed .
It ensured that all public debts , particularly war bonds , would be paid only in gold rather than in greenbacks .
The price of gold on the New York exchange fell to $ 130 per ounce – the lowest point since the suspension of specie payment in 1862 .
On May 19 , 1869 , Grant protected the wages of those working for the U.S. Government .
In 1868 , a law was passed that reduced the government working day to 8 hours ; however , much of the law was later repealed that allowed day wages to also be reduced .
To protect workers Grant signed an executive order that " no reduction shall be made in the wages " regardless of the reduction in hours for the government day workers . [ 70 ]
Treasury Secretary George S. Boutwell reorganized and reformed the United States Treasury by discharging unnecessary employees , started sweeping changes in Bureau of Printing and Engraving to protect the currency from counterfeiters , and revitalized tax collections to hasten the collection of revenue .
These changes soon led the Treasury to have a monthly surplus .
By May 1869 , Boutwell reduced the national debt by $ 12 million .
By September the national debt was reduced by $ 50 million , which was achieved by selling the growing gold surplus at weekly auctions for greenbacks and buying back wartime bonds with the currency .
The New York Tribune wanted the government to buy more bonds and greenbacks and the New York Times praised the Grant administration 's debt policy .
The first two years of the Grant administration with George Boutwell at the Treasury helm expenditures had been reduced to $ 292 million in 1871 – down from $ 322 million in 1869 .
The cost of collecting taxes fell to 3.11 % in 1871 .
Grant reduced the number of employees working in the government by 2,248 persons from 6,052 on March 1 , 1869 , to 3,804 on December 1 , 1871 .
He had increased tax revenues by $ 108 million from 1869 to 1872 .
During his first administration the national debt fell from $ 2.5 billion to $ 2.2 billion . [ 72 ]
In a rare case of preemptive reform during the Grant Administration , Brevet Major General Alfred Pleasonton was dismissed for being unqualified to hold the position of Commissioner of Internal Revenue .
In 1870 , Pleasonton , a Grant appointment , approved an unauthorized $ 60,000 tax refund and was associated with an alleged unscrupulous Connecticut firm .
Treasury Secretary George Boutwell promptly stopped the refund and personally informed Grant that Pleasonton was incompetent to hold office .
Refusing to resign on Boutwell 's request , Pleasonton protested openly before Congress .
Grant removed Pleasonton before any potential scandal broke out .
Foreign affairs [ edit ]
Grant was a man of peace , and almost wholly devoted to domestic affairs .
There were no foreign - policy disasters , and no wars to engage in .
Besides Grant himself , the main players in foreign affairs were Secretary of State Hamilton Fish and the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee Charles Sumner .
They had to cooperate to get a treaty ratified .
When Sumner stopped Grant 's plan to annex Santo Domingo , Grant had his vengeance by systematically destroying Sumner 's power and ending his career .
Historians have a high regard for the diplomatic professionalism , independence , and good judgment of Hamilton Fish .
The main issues involved Britain , Canada , Santo Domingo , Cuba and Spain .
Worldwide , it was peaceful era , with no major wars directly affecting the United States .
In Europe , Otto von Bismarck was leading Prussia into a dominant position in the new united German Empire .
After short , decisive wars with Denmark , Austria and France ended in 1871 , Bismarck was the dominant figure in Europe , and worked tirelessly and successfully to promote a peaceful continent until his removal in 1890 . [ 74 ]
Hamilton Fish [ edit ]
The foreign - policy of the Administration was generally successful , except for the attempt to annex Santo Domingo .
The annexation of Santo Domingo was Grant 's effort to create a haven for blacks in the South and was a first step to end slavery in Cuba and Brazil . [ 76 ]
The dangers of a confrontation with Britain on the Alabama question were resolved peacefully , and to the monetary advantage of the United States .
Issues regarding the Canadian boundary were easily settled .
The achievements were the work of Secretary Hamilton Fish , who was a spokesman for caution and stability .
A poll of historians has stated that Secretary Fish was one of the greatest Secretaries of States in United States history . [ 77 ]
Fish served as Secretary of State for nearly the entire two terms .
Hamilton Fish ( 1808 – 1893 ) was a wealthy New Yorker of Dutch descent who served as Governor of New York ( 1849 to 1850 ) , and United States Senator ( 1851 to 1857 ) .
Historians emphasize his judiciousness and efforts towards reform and diplomatic moderation . [ 78 ]
Fish settled the controversial Alabama Claims with Great Britain through his development of the concept of international arbitration . [ 78 ]
Fish kept the United States out of war with Spain over Cuban independence by coolly handling the volatile Virginius Incident . [ 78 ]
In 1875 , Fish initiated the process that would ultimately lead to Hawaiian statehood , by having negotiated a reciprocal trade treaty for the island nation 's sugar production . [ 78 ]
He also organized a peace conference and treaty in Washington D.C. between South American countries and Spain . [ 80 ]
Fish worked with James Milton Turner , America 's first African American consul , to settle the Liberian - Grebo war . [ 81 ]
President Grant said he trusted Fish the most for political advice . [ 82 ]
Dominican Republic annexation treaty rejected [ edit ]
In 1869 , Grant proposed to annex the independent Spanish - speaking black nation of the Dominican Republic , then known as Santo Domingo .
Previously in 1868 , President Andrew Johnson had proposed annexation but Congress refused .
In July 1869 Grant sent Orville E. Babcock and Rufus Ingalls who negotiated a draft treaty with Dominican Republic president Buenaventura Báez for the annexation of Santo Domingo to the United States and the sale of Samaná Bay for $ 2 million .
To keep the island nation and Báez secure in power , Grant ordered naval ships to secure the island from invasion and internal insurrection .
Báez signed an annexation treaty on November 19 , 1869 .
Secretary Fish drew up a final draft of the proposal and offered $ 1.5 million to the Dominican national debt , the annexation of Santo Domingo as an American state , the United States ' acquisition of the rights for Samaná Bay for 50 years with an annual $ 150,000 rental , and guaranteed protection from foreign intervention .
On January 10 , 1870 , the Santo Domingo treaty was submitted to the Senate for ratification .
Despite his support of the annexation , Grant made the mistakes of not building support in Congress or the country at large . [ 85 ]
Not only did Grant believe that the island would be of strategic value to the Navy , particularly Samaná Bay , but also he sought to use it as a bargaining chip .
By providing a safe haven for the freedmen , he believed that the exodus of black labor would force Southern whites to realize the necessity of such a significant workforce and accept their civil rights .
Grant believed the island country would increase exports and lower the trade deficit .
He hoped that U.S. ownership of the island would push Spain to abolish slavery in Cuba and Puerto Rico , and perhaps Brazil as well .
On March 15 , 1870 , the Foreign Relations Committee , headed by Sen. Charles Sumner , recommended against treaty passage .
Sumner , the leading spokesman for African American civil rights , believed that annexation would be enormously expensive and involve the U.S. in an ongoing civil war , and would threaten the independence of Haiti and the West Indies , thereby blocking black political progress .
On May 31 , 1870 , Grant went before Congress and urged passage of the Dominican annexation treaty .
Strongly opposed to ratification , Sumner successfully led the opposition in the Senate .
On June 30 , 1870 , the Santo Domingo annexation treaty failed to pass the Senate ; 28 votes in favor of the treaty and 28 votes against . [ 88 ]
Grant 's own cabinet was divided over the Santo Domingo annexation attempt , and Bancroft Davis , assistant to Sec. Hamilton Fish , was secretly giving information to Sen .
Sumner on state department negotiations .
Warren 1879 African American Commissioner Frederick Douglass appointed by Grant believed Santo Domingo annexation would benefit the United States .
Warren
Grant was determined to keep the Dominican Republic treaty in the public debate , mentioning Dominican Republic annexation in his December 1870 State of the Union Address .
Grant was able to get Congress in January 1871 to create a special Commission to investigate the island .
Senator Sumner continued to vigorously oppose and speak out against annexation .
Grant appointed Frederick Douglass , an African American civil rights activist , as one of the Commissioners who voyaged to the Dominican Republic .
Returning to the United States after several months , the Commission in April 1871 , issued a report that stated the Dominican people desired annexation and that the island would be beneficial to the United States .
To celebrate the Commissions return , Grant invited the Commissioners to the White House , except Frederick Douglass .
African American leaders were upset and the issue of Douglass not being invited to the White House dinner was brought up during the 1872 presidential election by Horace Greeley .
Douglas , however , who was personally disappointed for not being invited to the White House , remained loyal to Grant and the Republican Party .
Although the Commission supported Grant 's annexation attempt , there was not enough enthusiasm in Congress to vote on a second annexation treaty .
Unable constitutionally to go directly after Sen. Sumner , Grant immediately removed Sumner 's close and respected friend Ambassador , John Lothrop Motley .
With Grant 's prodding in the Senate , Sumner was finally deposed from the Foreign Relations Committee .
Grant reshaped his coalition , known as " New Radicals " , working with enemies of Sumner such as Ben Butler of Massachusetts , Roscoe Conkling of New York , and Oliver P. Morton of Indiana , giving in to Fish 's demands that Cuba rebels be rejected , and moving his Southern patronage from the radical blacks and carpetbaggers who were allied with Sumner to more moderate Republicans .
This set the stage of the Liberal Republican revolt of 1872 , when Sumner and his allies publicly denounced Grant and supported Horace Greeley and the Liberal Republicans .
A Congressional investigation in June 1870 led by Senator Carl Schurz revealed that Babcock and Ingalls both had land interests in the Bay of Samaná that would increase in value if the Santo Domingo treaty were ratified .[ citation needed ]
U.S. Navy ships , with Grant 's authorization , had been sent to protect Báez from an invasion by a Dominican rebel , Gregorio Luperón , while the treaty negotiations were taking place .
The investigation had initially been called to settle a dispute between an American businessman Davis Hatch against the United States government .
Báez had imprisoned Hatch without trial for his opposition to the Báez government .
Hatch had claimed that the United States had failed to protect him from imprisonment .
The majority Congressional report dismissed Hatch 's claim and exonerated both Babcock and Ingalls .
The Hatch incident , however , kept certain Senators from being enthusiastic about ratifying the treaty .
Cuban insurrection [ edit ]
The Cuban rebellion 1868 - 1878 against Spanish rule , called by historians the Ten Years '
War , gained wide sympathy in the U.S. Juntas based in New York raised money , and smuggled men and munitions to Cuba , while energetically spreading propaganda in American newspapers .
The Grant administration turned a blind eye to this violation of American neutrality . [ 98 ]
In 1869 , Grant was urged by popular opinion to support rebels in Cuba with military assistance and to give them U.S. diplomatic recognition .
Fish , however , wanted stability and favored the Spanish government , without publicly challenging the popular anti-Spanish American viewpoint .
They reassured European governments that the U.S. did not want to annex Cuba .
Grant and Fish gave lip service to Cuban independence , called for an end to slavery in Cuba , and quietly opposed American military intervention .
Fish , worked diligently against popular pressure , and was able to keep Grant from officially recognizing Cuban independence because it would have endangered negotiations with Britain over the Alabama Claims . [ 99 ]
Minister to Spain Daniel Sickles failed to get Spain to agree to American mediation .
Grant and Fish did not succumb to popular pressures .
Grant 's message to Congress urged strict neutrality not to officially recognize the Cuban revolt , which eventually petered out .
Treaty of Washington [ edit ]
Punch -- or the London Charivari 22 Jan 1872 .
John Bull ( Great Britain ) is dwarfed by a gigantic inflated American " Alabama Claim " cartoon by Joseph Swain in22 Jan 1872 .
Historians have credited the Treaty of Washington for implementing International Arbitration to allow outside experts to settle disputes .
Grant 's able Secretary of State Hamilton Fish had orchestrated many of the events leading up to the treaty .
Previously , Secretary of State William H. Seward during the Johnson administration first proposed an initial treaty concerning damages done to American merchants by three Confederate warships , CSS Florida , CSS Alabama , and CSS Shenandoah built in Britain .
These damages were collectively known as the Alabama Claims .
These ships had inflicted tremendous damage to U.S. shipping , as insurance rates soared and shippers switched to British ships .
Washington wanted the British to pay heavy damages , perhaps including turning over Canada .
In April 1869 , the U.S. Senate overwhelmingly rejected a proposed treaty which paid too little and contained no admission of British guilt for prolonging the war .
Senator Charles Sumner spoke up before Congress ; publicly denounced Queen Victoria ; demanded a huge reparation ; and opened the possibility of Canada ceded to the United States as payment .
The speech angered the British government , and talks had to be put off until matters cooled down .
Negotiations for a new treaty began in January 1871 when Britain sent Sir John Rose to America to meet with Fish .
A joint high commission was created on February 9 , 1871 , in Washington , consisting of representatives from both Britain and the United States .
The commission created a treaty where an international Tribunal would settle the damage amounts ; the British admitted regret , not fault , over the destructive actions of the Confederate war cruisers .
Grant approved and signed the treaty on May 8 , 1871 ; the Senate ratified the Treaty of Washington on May 24 , 1871 . [ 102 ]
The Tribunal met on neutral territory in Geneva , Switzerland .
The panel of five international arbitrators included Charles Francis Adams , who was counseled by William M. Evarts , Caleb Cushing , and Morrison R. Waite .
On August 25 , 1872 , the Tribunal awarded United States $ 15.5 million in gold ; $ 1.9 million was awarded to Great Britain .
Historian Amos Elwood Corning noted that the Treaty of Washington and arbitration " bequeathed to the world a priceless legacy " .
[ 102 ]
In addition to the $ 15.5 million arbitration award , the treaty resolved some disputes over borders and fishing rights .
On October 21 , 1872 , William I , Emperor of Germany , settled a boundary dispute in favor of the United States .
Korean incident [ edit ]
A primary role of the United States Navy in the 19th century was to protect American commercial interests and open trade to Eastern markets , including Japan and China .
Korea was a small independent country that excluded all foreign trade .
Washington sought a treaty dealing with shipwrecked sailors after the crew of a stranded American commercial ship was executed .
The long - term goal for the Grant Administration was to open Korea to Western markets in the same way Commodore Matthew Perry had opened Japan in 1854 by a Naval display of military force .
On May 30 , 1871 , Rear Admiral John Rodgers with a fleet of five ships , part of the Asiatic Squadron , arrived at the mouth of the Salee River below Seoul .
The fleet included the Colorado , one of the largest ships in the Navy with 47 guns , 47 officers , and a 571 - man crew .
While waiting for senior Korean officials to negotiate , Rogers sent ships out to make soundings of the Salee River for navigational purposes . [ 105 ]
The American fleet was fired upon by a Korean fort , but there was little damage .
Rogers gave the Korean government ten days to apologize or begin talks , but the Royal Court kept silent .
After ten days passed , on June 10 , Rogers began a series of amphibious assaults that destroyed 5 Korean forts .
These military engagements were known as the Battle of Ganghwa .
Several hundred Korean soldiers and three Americans were killed .
Korea still refused to negotiate , and the American fleet sailed away .
The Koreans refer to this 1871 U.S. military action as Shinmiyangyo .
Grant defended Rogers in his third annual message to Congress in December 1871 .
After a change in regimes in Seoul , in 1881 , the U.S. negotiated a treaty – the first treaty between Korea and a Western nation . [ 105 ]
Yellowstone and conservation [ edit ]
Hayden 's Map of Yellowstone , 1871
Organized exploration of the upper Yellowstone River began in fall 1869 when the Cook–Folsom–Peterson Expedition made a month - long journey up the Yellowstone River and into the geyser basins .
In 1870 , the somewhat more official Washburn–Langford–Doane Expedition explored the same regions of the upper Yellowstone and geyser basins , naming Old Faithful and many other park features .
Official reports from Lieutenant Gustavus Cheyney Doane and Scribner 's Monthly accounts by Nathaniel P. Langford brought increased public awareness to the natural wonders of the region . [ 107 ]
Influenced by Jay Cooke of the Northern Pacific Railroad and Langford 's public speeches about the Yellowstone on the East Coast , geologist Ferdinand Hayden sought funding from Congress for an expedition under the auspices of the U.S. Geological Survey .
In March 1871 Grant signed into law Congressional legislation appropriating $ 40,000 to finance the Hayden Geological Survey of 1871 .
Hayden was given instructions by Grant 's Secretary of Interior , Columbus Delano .
The expedition party was composed of 36 civilians , mostly scientists , and two military escorts .
Among the survey party were an artist Thomas Moran and photographer William Henry Jackson .
Hayden 's published reports , magazine articles , along with paintings by Moran and photographs by Jackson convinced Congress to preserve the natural wonders of the upper Yellowstone .
[ 108 ]
On December 18 , 1871 , a bill was introduced simultaneously in the Senate , by Senator S.C. Pomeroy of Kansas , and in the House of Representatives , by Congressman William H. Clagett of the Montana Territory , for the establishment of a park at the headwaters of the Yellowstone River .
Hayden 's influence on Congress is readily apparent when examining the detailed information contained in the report of the House Committee on Public Lands : " The bill now before Congress has for its objective the withdrawal from settlement , occupancy , or sale , under the laws of the United States a tract of land fifty - five by sixty - five miles , about the sources of the Yellowstone and Missouri Rivers , and dedicates and sets apart as a great national park or pleasure - ground for the benefit and enjoyment of the people . "
When the bill was presented to Congress , the bill 's chief supporters , ably prepared by Langford , Hayden and Jay Cooke , convinced their colleagues that the region 's real value was as a park area , to be preserved in its natural state .
The bill was approved by a comfortable margin in the Senate on January 30 , 1872 , and by the House on February 27 . [ 109 ]
On March 1 , 1872 , Grant played his role , in signing the " Act of Dedication " into law .
It established the Yellowstone region as the nation 's first national park , made possible by three years of exploration by Cook - Folsom - Peterson ( 1869 ) , Washburn - Langford - Doane ( 1870 ) , and Hayden ( 1871 ) .
The 1872 Yellowstone
Act prohibited fish and game , including buffalo , from " wanton destruction " within the confines of the park .
However , Congress did not appropriate funds or legislation for the enforcement against poaching ; as a result , Secretary Delano could not hire people to aid tourists or protect Yellowstone from encroachment .
[ 110 ] [ 111 ]
By the 1880s buffalo herds dwindled to only a few hundred , a majority found mostly in Yellowstone National Park .
As the Indian wars ended , Congress appropriated money and enforcement legislation in 1894 , signed into law by President Grover Cleveland , that protected and preserved buffalo and other wildlife in Yellowstone .
[ 110 ]
Grant also signed legislation that protected northern fur seals on Alaska 's Pribilof Islands .
This was the first law in U.S. history that specifically protected wildlife on federally owned land . [ 112 ]
End of the buffalo herds [ edit ]
American bison or buffalo ; their numbers collapsed in the 1870s forcing the Native Americans who hunted them to depend instead on government - issued food supplies on their reservations .
In 1872 , around two thousand white buffalo hunters working between Kansas , and Arkansas were killing buffalo for their hides by the many thousands .
The demand was for boots for European armies , or machine belts attached to steam engines .
Acres of land were dedicated solely for drying the hides of the slaughtered buffalo .
Native Americans protested at the " wanton destruction " of their food supply .
Between 1872 in 1874 , the buffalo herd south of the Platte River yielded 4.4 million kills by white hunters , and about 1 million animals killed by Indians . [ 113 ]
Popular concern for the destruction of the buffalo mounted , and a bill in Congress was passed , HR 921 , that would have made buffalo hunting illegally for whites .
Taking advice from Secretary Delano , Grant chose to pocket - veto the bill , believing that the demise of the buffalo would reduce Indian wars and force tribes to stay on their respected reservations and to adopt an agricultural lifestyle rather than roaming the plains and hunting buffalo .
[ 110 ]
Ranchers wanted the buffalo gone to open pasture land for their cattle herds .
With the buffalo food supply lowered , Native Americans were forced to stay on reservations .
Corruption and reform [ edit ]
Gold Ring thwarted [ edit ]
In September 1869 , financial manipulators Jay Gould and Jim Fisk set up an elaborate scam to corner the gold market through buying up all the gold at the same time to drive up the price .
The plan was to keep the Government from selling gold , thus driving its price .
Grant and Secretary of Treasury George S. Boutwell found out about the gold market speculation and ordered the sale of $ 4 million in gold on ( Black ) Friday , September 23 .
Gould and Fisk were thwarted , and the price of gold dropped .
The effects of releasing gold by Boutwell were disastrous .
Stock prices plunged and food prices dropped , devastating farmers for years .
Civil service commission and reform [ edit ]
The reform of the spoils system of political patronage entered the national agenda under the Grant presidency , that would take on the fervor of a religious revival .
The distribution of federal jobs by Congressional legislators was considered vital for their reelection to Congress .
Grant required that all applicants to federal jobs apply directly to the Department heads , rather than the president .
Two of Grant 's appointments , Secretary of Interior Jacob D. Cox and Secretary of Treasury George S. Boutwell put in place examinations in their respected departments advocated by reformers .
Grant and all reformed agreed that the prevailing system of appointments was unsound , for it maximized party advantage and minimized efficiency and the nonpartisan interest of good government .
Historian John Simon says his efforts at civil service reform were honest , but that they were met with criticism from all sides and were a failure . [ 119 ]
Grant was the first president to recommend a professional civil service .
He pushed the initial legislation through Congress , and appointed the members for the first United States Civil Service Commission .
The temporary Commission recommended administering competitive exams and issuing regulations on the hiring and promotion of government employees .
Grant ordered their recommendations in effect in 1872 ; having lasted for two years until December 1874 .
At the New York Custom House , a port that took in hundreds of millions of dollars a year in revenue , applicants for an entry position now had to pass a written civil service examination .
Chester A. Arthur who was appointed by Grant as New York Custom Collector stated that the examinations excluded and deterred unfit persons from getting employment positions .
However , Congress , in no mood to reform itself , denied any long - term reform by refusing to enact the necessary legislation to make the changes permanent .
Historians have traditionally been divided whether patronage , meaning appointments made without a merit system , should be labeled corruption .
The movement for Civil Service reform reflected two distinct objectives : to eliminate the corruption and inefficiencies in a non-professional bureaucracy and to check the power of President Johnson .
Although many reformers after the Election of 1868 looked to Grant to ram Civil Service legislation through Congress , he refused , saying :
Civil Service Reform rests entirely with Congress .
If members will give up claiming patronage , that will be a step gained .
But there is an immense amount of human nature in the members of Congress , and it is human nature to seek power and use it to help friends .
You can not call it corruption — it is a condition of our representative form of Government . " [ 122 ]
Grant used patronage to build his party and help his friends .
He protected those whom he thought were the victims of injustice or attacks by his enemies , even if they were guilty .
Grant believed in loyalty to his friends , as one writer called it the " Chivalry of Friendship " .
Star Route Postal Ring [ edit ]
In the early 1870s during the Grant Administration , lucrative postal route contracts were given to local contractors on the Pacific Coast and Southern regions of the United States .
These were known as Star Routes because an asterisk was given on official Post Office documents .
These remote routes were hundreds of miles long and went to the most rural parts of the United States by horse and buggy .
In obtaining these highly prized postal contracts , an intricate ring of bribery and straw bidding was set up in the Postal Contract office ; the ring consisted of contractors , postal clerks , and various intermediary brokers .
Straw bidding was at its highest practice while John Creswell , Grant 's 1869 appointment , was Postmaster - General .
An 1872 federal investigation into the matter exonerated Creswell , but he was censured by the minority House report .
A $ 40,000 bribe to the 42nd Congress by one postal contractor had tainted the results of the investigation .
In 1876 , another congressional investigation under a Democratic House shut down the postal ring for a few years .
New York Custom House Ring [ edit ]
Frank Leslie's Illustrated Newspaper December 27 , 1873 " Salary Grab " caption : " That salary grab – ' You took it '" December 27 , 1873
Prior to the presidential election of 1872 two congressional and one Treasury Department investigations took place over corruption at the New York Custom House under Grant collector appointments Moses H. Grinnell and Thomas Murphy .
Private warehouses were taking imported goods from the docks and charging shippers storage fees .
Grant 's friend , George K. Leet , was allegedly involved with exorbitant pricing for storing goods and splitting the profits .[ citation needed ]
Grant 's third collector appointment , Chester A. Arthur , implemented Secretary of Treasury George S. Boutwell 's reform to keep the goods protected on the docks rather than private storage . [ 125 ]
The Salary Grab [ edit ]
On March 3 , 1873 , Grant signed a law that authorized the president 's salary to be increased from $ 25,000 a year to $ 50,000 a year and Congressmen 's salaries to be increased by $ 2,500 .
Representatives also received a retroactive pay bonus for the previous two years of service .
This was done in secret and attached to a general appropriations bill .
Reforming newspapers quickly exposed the law and the bonus was repealed in January 1874 .
Grant missed an opportunity to veto the bill and to make a strong statement for good government . [ 127 ]
Election of 1872 [ edit ]
Grant - Wilson Campaign Poster 1872
As his first term entered its final year , Grant remained popular throughout the nation despite the accusations of corruption that were swirling around his administration .
When Republicans gathered for their 1872 national convention he was unanimously nominated for a second term .
Henry Wilson was selected as his running mate over scandal - tainted Vice President Schuyler Colfax .
The party platform advocated high tariffs and a continuation of Radical Reconstruction policies that supported five military districts in the Southern states .
During Grant 's first term a significant number of Republicans had become completely disillusioned with the party .
Weary of the scandals and opposed to several of Grant 's policies , split from the party to form the Liberal Republican Party .
At the party 's only national convention , held in May 1872 New York Tribune editor Horace Greeley was nominated for president , and Benjamin Gratz Brown was nominated for vice president .
They advocated civil service reform , a low tariff , and granting amnesty to former Confederate soldiers .
They also wanted to end reconstruction and restore local self - government in the South .
Electoral Vote Results 1872
The Democrats , who at this time had no strong candidate choice of their own , saw an opportunity to consolidate the anti-Grant vote and jumped on the Greeley bandwagon , reluctantly adopting Greeley and Brown as their nominees . [ 128 ]
It is the only time in American history when a major party endorsed the candidate of a third party .
While Grant , like incumbent presidents before him , did not campaign , an efficient party organization composed of thousands of patronage appointees , did so on his behalf .
Frederick Douglass supported Grant and reminded black voters that Grant had destroyed the violent Ku Klux Klan . [ 130 ]
Greeley embarked on a five - state campaign tour in late September , during which he delivered nearly 200 speeches .
His campaign was plagued by misstatements and embarrassing moments .
However , because of political infighting between Liberal Republicans and Democrats , and due to several campaign blunders , the physically ailing Greeley was no match for Grant , who won in a landslide .
Grant won 286 of the 352 Electoral College votes and received 55.8 percent of the popular vote nationwide .
The President 's reelection victory also brought an overwhelming Republican majority into both houses of Congress .
Heartbroken after a hard - fought political campaign , Greeley died a few weeks after the election .
Out of respect for Greeley , Grant attended his funeral . [ 128 ]
Second term 1873 –1877 [ edit ]
Grant 's second inauguration as president by Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase , surrounded by top officials , on March 4 , 1873
The second inauguration of Ulysses Grant 's presidency was held on Tuesday , March 4 , 1873 , commencing the second four - year term of his presidency .
it was the only term of Henry Wilson as vice president .
Subsequently , the inaugural ball ended early when the food froze .
Wilson died 2 years , 263 days into this term , and the office remained vacant for the balance of it .
Departing from the White House , a parade escorted Grant down the newly paved Pennsylvania Avenue , which was all decorated with banners and flags , on to the swearing - in ceremony in front of the Capitol building .
Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase administered the presidential oath of office .
This was one of the coldest inaugurations in U.S. history , with the temperature at only 6 degrees at sunrise .
After the swearing - in ceremony the inaugural parade commenced down Pennsylvania .
The Evening Star observed .
" The private stands and windows along the entire route were crowded to excess . "
The parade consisted of a variety of military units along with marching bands , and civic organizations .
The military units , in their fancy regalia , were the most noticeable .
Altogether there were approximately 12,000 marchers who participated , including several units of African - American soldiers .
At the inaugural ball there were some 6,000 people in attendance .
Great care was taken to ensure that Grant 's inaugural ball would be in spacious quarters and would feature an elegant assortment of appetizers , food , and champagne .
A large temporary wooden building was constructed at Judiciary Square to accommodate the event .
Grant arrived around 11:30 pm and the dancing began .
Reconstruction [ edit ]
Grant was vigorous in his enforcement of the 14th and 15th amendments and prosecuted thousands of persons who violated African American civil rights ; he used military force to put down political insurrections in Louisiana , Mississippi , and South Carolina .
He proactively used military and Justice Department enforcement of civil rights laws and the protection of African Americans more than any other 19th - century president .
He used his full powers to weaken the Ku Klux Klan , reducing violence and intimidation in the South .
He appointed James Milton Turner as the first African American minister to a foreign nation . [ 81 ]
Grant 's relationship with Charles Sumner , the leader in promoting civil rights , was shattered by the Senator 's opposition to Grant 's plan to acquire Santo Domingo by treaty .
Grant retaliated , firing men Sumner had recommended and having allies strip Sumner of his chairmanship of the Foreign Relations Committee .
Sumner joined the Liberal Republican movement in 1872 to fight Grant 's reelection . [ 135 ]
Conservative resistance to Republican state governments grew after the 1872 elections .
With the destruction of the Klan in 1872 , new secret paramilitary organizations arose in the Deep South .
In Mississippi , North Carolina , South Carolina , and Louisiana , the Red Shirts and White League operated openly and were better organized than the Ku Klux Klan .
Their goals were to oust the Republicans , return Conservative whites to power , and use whatever illegal methods needed to achieve them .
Being loyal to his veterans , Grant remained determined that African Americans would receive protection .
Polygamy , Chinese prostitution , support of Jewish people , and secular education were also issues during Reconstruction .
Colfax Massacre [ edit ]
After the November 4 , 1872 , election , Louisiana was a split state .
In a controversial election , two candidates were claiming victory as governor .
Violence was used to intimidate black Republicans .
The fusionist party of Liberal Republicans and Democrats claimed John McEnery as the victor , while the Republicans claimed U.S. Senator William P. Kellogg .
Two months later each candidate was sworn in as governor on January 13 , 1873 .
A federal judge ruled that Kellogg was the rightful winner of the election and ordered him and the Republican - based majority to be seated .
The White League supported McEnry and prepared to use military force to remove Kellogg from office .
Grant ordered troops to enforce the court order and protect Kellogg .
On March 4 , Federal troops under a flag of truce and Kellogg 's state militia defeated McEnry 's fusionist party 's insurrection .
Louisiana White League units in 1874 to terrorized black Republicans
A dispute arose over who would be installed as judge and sheriff at the Colfax courthouse in Grant Parish .
Kellogg 's two appointees had seized control of the Court House on March 25 with aid and protection of black state militia troops .
Then on April 13 , White League forces attacked the courthouse and massacred 50 black militiamen who had been captured .
A total of 105 blacks were killed trying to defend the Colfax courthouse for Governor Kellogg .
On April 21 , Grant sent in the U.S. 19th Infantry Regiment to restore order .
On May 22 , Grant issued a new proclamation to restore order in Louisiana .
On May 31 , McEnry finally told his followers to obey " peremptory orders " of the President .
The orders brought a brief peace to New Orleans and most of Louisiana , except , ironically , Grant Parish .
Brooks - Baxter war in Arkansas [ edit ]
In the fall of 1872 , the Republican party split in Arkansas and ran two candidates for governor , Elisha Baxter and Joseph Brooks .
Massive fraud characterized the election , but Baxter was declared the winner and took office .
Brooks never gave up ; finally , in 1874 , a local judge ruled Brooks was entitled to the office and swore him in .
Both sides mobilized militia units , and rioting and fighting bloodied the streets .
Speculation swirled as to who President Grant would side with – either Baxter or Brooks .
Grant delayed , requesting a joint session of the Arkansas government to figure out peacefully who would be the Governor , but Baxter refused to participate .
On May 15 , 1874 , Grant issued a Proclamation that Baxter was the legitimate Governor of Arkansas , and hostilities ceased . [ 139 ]
In the fall of 1874 the people of Arkansas voted out Baxter , and Republicans and the Redeemers came to power .
A few months later in early 1875 , Grant announced that Brooks had been legitimately elected back in 1872 .
Grant did not send in troops , and Brooks never regained office .
Instead , Grant appointed him to the high - paying patronage job of US postmaster in Little Rock .
Grant 's legalistic approach did resolve the conflict peacefully , but it left the Republican Party in Arkansas in total disarray , and further discredited Grant 's reputation . [ 141 ]
Vicksburg riots [ edit ]
In August 1874 , the Vicksburg city government elected White reform party candidates consisting of Republicans and Democrats .
They promised to lower city spending and taxes .
Despite such intentions , the reform movement turned racist when the new White city officials went after the county government , which had a majority of African Americans .
The White League threatened the life of and expelled Crosby , the black Warren County Sheriff and tax collector .
Crosby sought help from Republican Governor Adelbert Ames to regain his position as sheriff .
Governor Ames told him to take other African Americans and use force to retain his lawful position .
At that time Vicksburg had a population of 12,443 , more than half of whom were African American . [ 143 ]
On December 7 , 1874 , Crosby and an African - American militia approached Vicksburg .
He had said that the Whites were , " ruffians , barbarians , and political banditti " . [ 143 ]
A series of confrontations occurred against white paramilitary forces that resulted in the deaths of 29 African Americans and 2 Whites .
The White militia retained control of the County Court House and jail .
On December 21 , Grant issued a Presidential Proclamation for the people in Vicksburg to stop fighting .
General Philip Sheridan , based in Louisiana for this regional territory , dispatched federal troops , who reinstated Crosby as sheriff and restored the peace .
When questioned about the matter , Governor Ames denied that he had told Crosby to use African - American militia .
On June 7 , 1875 , Crosby was shot to death by a white deputy while drinking in a bar .
The origins of the shooting remained a mystery . [ 143 ]
Louisiana revolt and coups [ edit ]
On September 14 , 1874 , the White League and Democratic militia took control of the state house at New Orleans , and the Republican Governor William P. Kellogg was forced to flee .
Former Confederate General James A. Longstreet , with 3,000 African American militia and 400 Metropolitan police , made a counterattack on the 8,000 White League troops .
Consisting of former Confederate soldiers , the experienced White League troops routed Longstreet 's army .
On September 17 , Grant sent in Federal troops , and they restored the government back to Kellogg .
During the following controversial election in November , passions rose high , and violence mixed with fraud were rampant ; the state of affairs in New Orleans was becoming out of control .
The results were that 53 Republicans and 53 Democrats were elected with 5 remaining seats to be decided by the legislature . [ 144 ]
Grant had been careful to watch the elections and secretly sent Phil Sheridan in to keep law and order in the state .
Sheridan had arrived in New Orleans a few days before the January 4 , 1875 , legislature opening meeting .
At the convention the Democrats again with military force took control of the state building out of Republican hands .
Initially , the Democrats were protected by federal troops under Colonel Régis de Trobriand , and the escaped Republicans were removed from the hallways of the state building .
However , Governor Kellogg then requested that Trobriand reseat the Republicans .
Trobriand returned to the Statehouse and used bayonets to force the Democrats out of the building .
The Republicans then organized their own house with their own speakers all being protected by the Federal Army .
Sheridan , who had annexed the Department of the Gulf to his command at 9:00 P.M. , claimed that the federal troops were being neutral since they had also protected the Democrats earlier . [ 144 ]
South Carolina 1876 [ edit ]
During the election year of 1876 , South Carolina was in a state of rebellion against Republican governor Daniel H. Chamberlain .
Conservatives were determined to win the election for ex-Confederate Wade Hampton through violence and intimidation .
The Republicans went on to nominate Chamberlain for a second term .
Hampton supporters , donning red shirts , disrupted Republican meetings with gun shootings and yelling .
Tensions became violent on July 8 , 1876 , when five African Americans were murdered at Hamburg .
The rifle clubs , wearing their Red Shirts , were better armed than the blacks .
South Carolina was ruled more by " mobocracy and bloodshed " than by Chamberlain 's government . [ 146 ]
Black militia fought back in Charleston on September 6 , 1876 , in what was known as the " King Street riot " .
The white militia assumed defensive positions out of concern over possible intervention from federal troops .
Then , on September 19 , the Red Shirts took offensive action by openly killing between 30 and 50 African Americans outside Ellenton .
During the massacre , state representative Simon Coker was killed .
On October 7 , Governor Chamberlain declared martial law and told all the " rifle club " members to put down their weapons .
In the meantime , Wade Hampton never ceased to remind Chamberlain that he did not rule South Carolina .
Out of desperation , Chamberlain wrote to Grant and asked for federal intervention .
The " Cainhoy riot " took place on October 15 when Republicans held a rally at " Brick Church " outside Cainhoy .
Blacks and whites both opened fire ; six whites and one black were killed .
Grant , upset over the Ellenton and Cainhoy riots , finally declared a Presidential Proclamation on October 17 , 1876 and ordered all persons , within 3 days , to cease their lawless activities and disperse to their homes .
A total of 1,144 federal infantrymen were sent into South Carolina , and the violence stopped ; election day was quiet .
Both Hampton and Chamberlain claimed victory , and for a while both acted as governor ; Hampton took the office in 1877 after President Rutherford B. Hayes withdrew federal troops and after Chamberlain left the state . [ 146 ]
Domestic affairs [ edit ]
Religion and schools [ edit ]
Grant believed strongly in the separation of church and state and championed complete secularization in public schools .
In a September 1875 speech , Grant advocated " security of free thought , free speech , and free press , pure morals , unfettered religious sentiments , and of equal rights and privileges to all men , irrespective of nationality , color , or religion . "
In regard to public education , Grant endorsed that every child should receive " the opportunity of a good common school education , unmixed with sectarian , pagan , or atheist tenets .
Leave the matter of religion to the family altar , the church , and the private schools ...
Keep the church and the state forever separate . " [ 147 ] [ 148 ]
In a speech in 1875 to a veteran 's meeting , Grant called for a Constitutional amendment that would mandate free public schools and prohibit the use of public money for sectarian schools .
He was echoing nativist sentiments that were strong in his Republican Party . [ 150 ]
Tyler Anbinder says , " Grant was not an obsessive nativist .
He expressed his resentment of immigrants and animus toward Catholicism only rarely .
But these sentiments reveal themselves frequently enough in his writings and major actions as general ....
In the 1850s he joined a Know Nothing lodge and irrationally blamed immigrants for setbacks in his career . " [ 151 ]
Grant laid out his agenda for " good common school education . "
He attacked government support for " sectarian schools " run by religious organizations , and called for the defense of public education " unmixed with sectarian , pagan or atheistical dogmas . "
Grant declared that " Church and State " should be " forever separate . "
Religion , he said , should be left to families , churches , and private schools devoid of public funds .
After Grant 's speech Republican Congressman James G. Blaine ( 1830 - 1893 ) proposed the amendment to the federal Constitution .
Blaine , who actively sought Catholic votes when he ran for president in 1884 , believed that possibility of hurtful agitation on the school question should be ended .
In 1875 , the proposed amendment passed by a vote of 180 to 7 in the House of Representatives , but failed by four votes to achieve the necessary two - thirds vote in the Senate .
Nothing like it ever became federal legislation .
However many states did adopt similar amendments to their state constitution . [ 153 ]
The proposed Blaine Amendment text was :
No State shall make any law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; and no money raised by taxation in any State for the support of public schools , or derived from any public fund therefor , nor any public lands devoted thereto , shall ever be under the control of any religious sect ; nor shall any money so raised or lands so devoted be divided between religious sects or denominations .
Civil Rights
Act of 1875 [ edit ]
Throughout his presidency , Grant was continually concerned with the civil rights of all Americans , " irrespective of nationality , color , or religion . " [ 147 ] [ 148 ]
Grant had no role in writing the Civil Rights
Act of 1875 but he did sign it a few days before the Republicans lost control of Congress .
The new law was designed to allow everyone access to public eating establishments , hotels , and places of entertainment .
This was done particularly to protect African Americans who were discriminated across United States .
The bill was also passed in honor of Senator Charles Sumner who had previously attempted to pass a civil rights bill in 1872 .
[ 154 ]
In his sixth message to Congress , he summed up his own views , " While I remain Executive all the laws of Congress and the provisions of the Constitution ... will be enforced with rigor ...
Treat the Negro as a citizen and a voter , as he is and must remain ...
Then we shall have no complaint of sectional interference . "
In the pursued equal justice for all category from the 2009 CSPAN presidential rating survey Grant scored a 9 getting into the top ten . [ 155 ]
The Civil Rights
Act of 1875 proved a very little value to Blacks .
The Justice Department and the federal judges generally refused to enforce it , and the Supreme Court declared it unconstitutional in 1883 .
Historian William Gillette calls it " an insignificant victory . " [ 156 ]
Polygamy and Chinese prostitution [ edit ]
In October 1875 , Grant traveled to Utah and was surprised that the Mormons treated him kindly .
He told Utah territorial governor , George W. Emery , that he had been deceived concerning the Mormons . [ 45 ]
However , on December 7 , 1875 , after his return to Washington , Grant wrote to Congress in his seventh annual State of the Union address that as " an institution polygamy should be banished from the land … " [ 157 ]
Grant believed that polygamy negatively affected children and women .
Grant advocated that a second law , stronger than the Morrill Act , be passed to " punish so flagrant a crime against decency and morality . " [ 158 ]
Grant also denounced the immigration of Chinese women into the United States for the purposes of prostitution , saying that it was " no less an evil " than polygamy . [ 158 ]
Supported Jews [ edit ]
Grant very much regretted his wartime order expelling Jewish traders .
In his army days he traded at a local store operated by the Seligman brothers , two Jewish merchants who became Grant 's lifelong friends .
They became wealthy bankers who donated substantially to Grant 's presidential campaign . [ 159 ]
After the wartime order , however , the Jewish community was angry with Grant .
Running for president in 1868 Grant publicly apologized for it .
Once elected he set out to make amends .
He appointed several Jewish leaders to office , including Simon Wolf recorder of deeds in Washington D.C. , and Edward S. Salomon Governor of the Washington Territory .
Historian Jonathan Sarna argues :
Eager to prove that he was above prejudice , Grant appointed more Jews to public office than had any of his predecessors and , in the name of human rights , he extended unprecedented support to persecuted Jews in Russia and Romania .
Time and again , partly as a result of this enlarged vision of what it meant to be an American and partly in order to live down General Orders No. 11 , Grant consciously worked to assist Jews and secure them equality .
...
Through his appointments and policies , Grant rejected calls for a ' Christian nation ' and embraced Jews as insiders in America , part of 'we the people . '
During his administration , Jews achieved heightened status on the national scene , anti-Jewish prejudice declined , and Jews looked forward optimistically to a liberal epoch characterized by sensitivity to human rights and interreligious cooperation . [ 161 ]
Native American affairs [ edit ]
Under Grant's
Peace policy , wars between settlers , the federal army , and the American Indians had been decreasing from 101 per year in 1869 to a low of 15 per year in 1875 .
However , the discovery of gold in the Black Hills of the Dakota Territory and the completion of the Northern Pacific Railway , threatened to unravel Grant 's Indian policy , as white settlers encroached upon native land to mine for gold .
In his second term of presidential office , Grant 's fragile Peace policy came apart .
Major General Edward Canby was killed in the Modoc War .
Indian wars per year jumped up to 32 in 1876 and remained at 43 in 1877 .
One of the highest casualty Indian battles that took place in American history was at the Battle of Little Bighorn in 1876 .
Indian war casualties in Montana went from 5 in 1875 , to 613 in 1876 and 436 in 1877 .
Modoc War [ edit ]
In January 1873 , Grant 's Native American peace policy was challenged .
Two weeks after Grant was elected for a second term , fighting broke out between the Modocs and settlers near the California - Oregon border .
The Modocs , led by Captain Jack , killed 18 white settlers and then found a strong defensive position .
Grant ordered General Sherman not to attack the Indians but settle matters peacefully with a commission .
Sherman then sent Major General Edward Canby , but Captain Jack killed him .
Reverend Eleazar Thomas , a Methodist minister , was also killed .
Alfred B. Meacham , an Indian Agent , was severely wounded .
The murders shocked the nation , and Sherman wired to have the Modocs exterminated .
Grant overruled Sherman ; Captain Jack was executed , and the remaining 155 Modocs were relocated to the Quapaw Agency in the Indian Territory .
This episode and the Great Sioux War undermined public confidence in Grant 's peace policy , according to historian Robert M. Utley .
During the peace negotiations between Brig .
Gen. Edward Canby and the Modoc tribal leaders , there were more Indians in the tent then had been agreed upon .
As the Indians grew more hostile , Captain Jack , said " I talk no more . " and shouted " All ready . "
Captain Jack drew his revolver and fired directly into the head of Gen Canby .
Brig .
Gen Canby was the highest - ranking officer to be killed during the Indian Wars that took place from 1850 to 1890 .
Alfred Meacham , who survived the massacre , defended the Modocs who were put on trial .
Red River War [ edit ]
In 1874 , war erupted on the southern Plains when Quanah Parker , leader of the Comanche , led 700 tribal warriors and attacked the buffalo hunter supply base on the Canadian River , at Adobe Walls , Texas .
The Army under General Phil Sheridan launched a military campaign , and , with few casualties on either side , forced the Indians back to their reservations by destroying their horses and winter food supplies .
Grant , who agreed to the Army plan advocated by Generals William T. Sherman and Phil Sheridan , imprisoned 74 insurgents in Florida .
Great Sioux War [ edit ]
In 1874 gold had been discovered in the Black Hills in the Dakota Territory .
White speculators and settlers rushed in droves seeking riches mining gold on land reserved for the Sioux tribe by the Treaty of Fort Laramie of 1868 .
In 1875 , to avoid conflict Grant met with Red Cloud , chief of the Sioux and offered $ 25,000 from the government to purchase the land .
The offer was declined .
On November 3 , 1875 at a White House meeting , Phil Sheridan told the President that the Army was overstretched and could not defend the Sioux tribe from the settlers ; Grant ordered Sheridan to round up the Sioux and put them on the reservation .
Sheridan used a strategy of convergence , using Army columns to force the Sioux onto the reservation .
On June 25 , 1876 , one of these columns , led by Colonel George A. Custer met the Sioux at the Battle of Little Big Horn and part of his command was slaughtered .
Approximately 253 federal soldiers and civilians were killed compared to 40 Indians .
Custer 's death and the Battle of Little Big Horn shocked the nation .
Sheridan avenged Custer , pacified the northern Plains , and put the defeated Sioux on the reservation .
On August 15 , 1876 , President Grant signed a proviso giving the Sioux nation $ 1,000,000 in rations , while the Sioux relinquished all rights to the Black Hills , except for a 40 - mile land tract west of the 103rd meridian .
On August 28 , a seven - man committee , appointed by Grant , gave additional harsh stipulations for the Sioux in order to receive government assistance .
Halfbreeds and " squaw men " ( A white man with an Indian wife ) were banished from the Sioux reservation .
To receive the government rations , the Indians had to work the land .
Reluctantly , on September 20 , the Indian leaders , whose people were starving , agreed to the committee 's demands and signed the agreement .
During the Great Sioux War , Grant came into conflict with Col. George Armstrong Custer after he testified in 1876 about corruption in the War Department under Secretary William W. Belknap ( see below ) .
Grant had Custer arrested for breach of military protocol in Chicago and barred him from leading an upcoming campaign against the Sioux .
Grant finally relented and let Custer fight under Brig .
Gen. Alfred Terry .
Two months after Custer 's death Grant castigated him in the press , saying " I regard Custer 's massacre as a sacrifice of troops , brought on by Custer himself , that was wholly unnecessary – wholly unnecessary . "
As the nation was shocked by the death of Custer , Grant 's peace policy became militaristic ; Congress appropriated funds for 2,500 more troops , two more forts were constructed , the army took over the Indian agencies and Indians were barred from purchasing rifles and ammunition .
Financial affairs [ edit ]
Panic of 1873 [ edit ]
NYSE closed on September 20 , 1873 Theclosed on September 20 , 1873
Between 1868 and 1873 , the American economy was robust , primarily caused by railroad building , manufacturing expansion , and thriving agriculture production .
Financial debt , however , particularly in railroad investment , spread throughout both the private and federal sectors .
The market began to break in July 1873 when the Brookyn Trust Company went broke and closed .
Secretary Richardson sold gold to pay for $ 14 million in federal bonds .
Two months later , the Panic of 1873 , collapsed the national economy .
On September 17 , the stock market crashed , followed by the New York Warehouse & Security Company , September 18 , and the Jay Cooke & Company , September 19 , both going bankrupt .
On September 19 , Grant ordered Secretary Richardson , Boutwell 's replacement , to purchase $ 10 million in bonds .
Richardson complied using greenbacks to expand the money supply .
On September 20 , the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) closed for ten days .
Traveling to New York , Grant met with Richardson to consult with bankers , who gave Grant conflicting financial advice .
Returning to Washington , Grant and Richardson sent millions of greenbacks from the treasury to New York to purchase bonds , stopping the purchases on September 24 .
By the beginning of January 1874 , Richardson had issued a total of $ 26 million greenbacks from the Treasury reserve , into the economy , relieving Wall Street , but not stopping the national Long Depression , that would last 5 years .
Thousands of businesses , depressed daily wages by 25 % for three years , and brought the unemployment rate up to 14 % .
Inflation bill vetoed and compromise [ edit ]
Political cartoon by Thomas Nast : Grant congratulated for vetoing the " inflation bill " on April 22 , 1874
Grant and Richardson 's mildly inflationary response to the Panic of 1873 , encouraged Congress to pursue a more aggressive policy .
The legality of releasing greenbacks was presumed to have been illegal .
On April 14 , 1874 , Congress passed the Inflation Bill that set the greenback maximum at $ 400,000 retroactively legalizing the $ 26 million reserve greenbacks earlier released by the Treasury .
The bill released an additional $ 18 million in greenbacks up to the original $ 400,000,000 amount .
Going further , the bill authorized an additional $ 46 million in banknotes and raised their maximum to $ 400 million .
Eastern bankers vigorously lobbied Grant to veto the bill because of their reliance on bonds and foreign investors who did business in gold .
Most of Grant 's cabinet favored the bill in order to secure a Republican election .
Grant 's conservative Secretary of State Hamilton Fish threatened to resign if Grant signed the bill .
On April 22 , 1874 , after evaluating his own reasons for wanting to sign the bill , Grant unexpectedly vetoed the bill against the popular election strategy of the Republican Party because he believed it would destroy the nation 's credit .
Congress passed a compromise bill , that Grant signed on June 20 , 1874 .
The act legalized the $ 26 million released by Richardson , and set the maximum of greenbacks at $ 382 million .
Up to $ 55 million in national banknotes would be redistributed from states with an excess to those states that had minimal amounts .
The act did little to relieve the national economy
Resumption of Specie Act [ edit ]
On January 14 , 1875 , Grant signed the Resumption of Specie Act , and he could not have been happier ; he wrote a note to Congress congratulating members on the passage of the act .
The legislation was drafted by Ohio Republican Senator John Sherman .
This act provided that paper money in circulation would be exchanged for gold specie and silver coins and would be effective January 1 , 1879 .
The act also implemented that gradual steps would be taken to reduce the number of greenbacks in circulation .
At that time there were " paper coin " currency worth less than $ 1.00 , and these would be exchanged for silver coins .
Its effect was to stabilize the currency and make the consumers money as " good as gold " .
In an age without a Federal Reserve system to control inflation , this act stabilized the economy .
Grant considered it the hallmark of his administration .
Foreign affairs [ edit ]
Historians credit Secretary of State Hamilton
Fish with a highly effective foreign policy .
Ronald Cedric
White says of Grant , " everyone agreed he chose well when he appointed Hamilton Fish secretary of state . " [ 189 ]
Virginus incident [ edit ]
Emilio Castelar Spanish Republic president ( 1873 –1874 ) Spanish Republic president ( 1873 –1874 )
On October 31 , 1873 , a steamer Virginius , flying the American flag carrying war materials and men to aid the Cuban insurrection ( in violation of American and Spanish law ) was intercepted and taken to Cuba .
After a hasty trial , the local Spanish officials executed 53 would - be insurgents , eight of whom were United States citizens ; orders from Madrid to delay the executions arrived too late .
War scares erupted in both the U.S. and Spain , heightened by the bellicose dispatches from the American minister in Madrid , retired general Daniel Sickles .
Secretary of State Fish kept a cool demeanor in the crisis , and through investigation discovered there was a question over whether the Virginius ship had the right to bear the United States flag .
The Spanish Republic 's president Emilio Castelar expressed profound regret for the tragedy and was willing to make reparations through arbitration .
Fish negotiated reparations with the Spanish minister Senor Poly y Bernabe .
With Grant 's approval , Spain was to surrender Virginius , pay an indemnity to the surviving families of the Americans executed , and salute the American flag ; the episode ended quietly .
Hawaiian free trade treaty [ edit ]
In December 1874 , Grant held a state dinner at the White House for the King of Hawaii , David Kalakaua , who was seeking the importation of Hawaiian sugar duty - free to the United States .
Grant and Fish were able to produce a successful free trade treaty in 1875 with the Kingdom of Hawaii , incorporating the Pacific islands ' sugar industry into the United States ' economy sphere .
Liberian - Grebo war [ edit ]
The U.S. settled the war between Liberia and the native Grebo people in 1876 by dispatching the USS Alaska to Liberia .
James Milton Turner , the first African American ambassador from the United States , requested that a warship be sent to protect American property in Liberia , a former American colony .
After Alaska arrived , Turner negotiated the incorporation of Grebo people into Liberian society and the ousting of foreign traders from Liberia . [ 81 ]
Midterm election 1874 [ edit ]
As the 1874 midterm elections approached , three scandals , the Crédit Mobilier , the Salary Grab , and the Sanborn incident caused the public to view the Republican Party was mired in corruption .
The Democratic Party held the Republican Party responsible for the Long Depression .
The Republicans were divided on the currency issue .
Grant , who with hard money North Eastern Republicans , vetoed an inflation bill .
Grant was blamed for the nation 's problems , while he was accused of wanting a third term .
Grant never officially campaigned , but traveled West , to emphasize his relatively popular Indian policy .
The October elections swept the Republicans from office , and was a repudation of Grant 's veto .
In Indiana and Ohio , the Republicans suffered losses , caused by a breakaway Republican temperance movement .
The Democratic Party won the New York governorship to Democrat Samuel Tilden .
The Democrats won the House , gaining 182 seats , while the Republicans retained 103 seats .
The Republicans retained control of the Senate , but the new class included 14 Democrats and 11 Republicans .
The Democratic Party also had strong victories in New Jersey , Massachusetts , Pennsylvania , Missouri , and Illinois .
In the South , the 1874 election campaign was violent .
Six Republican office holders were murdered in Coushatta , Louisiana .
On September 14 , General Longstreet , police , and black militia fought 3,500 White Leaguers who attempted to capture the statehouse in New Orleans , that ended with 32 people killed .
Grant issued a dispersal proclamation , the next day , and sent 5,000 troops and 5 gunboats to New Orleans .
The White League resistance collapsed .
The North disapproved of Grant 's federal intervention into the election .
Republican representation dropped by 60 percent .
Racism in both the North and South caused the rejection of Reconstruction .
In his December 1874 annual message to Congress , Grant condemned violence against blacks in the South .
Corruption and reform [ edit ]
Scandals and frauds continued to be exposed during Grant 's second term in office , although Grant 's appointments of reformers to his cabinet temporarily helped his presidential reputation , cleaned up federal departments , and defeated the notorious Whiskey Ring .
Grant , however , often remained loyal to cabinet members or appointees involved in corruption or mismanagement , refusing to believe in their guilt .
The Democrats along with the Liberal Republicans had gained control of the House of Representatives and held many Committee meetings to stop political graft .
The Emma Silver mine was a minor embarrassment associated with American Ambassador to Britain , Robert C. Schenck , using his name to promote a worked out silver mine .
The Crédit Mobilier scandal 's origins were during the presidential Administrations of Abraham Lincoln and Andrew Johnson ; however , political congressional infighting during the Grant Administration exposed the scandal .
Sanborn contracts [ edit ]
In June 1874 , Treasury Secretary William A. Richardson gave private contracts to one John D. Sanborn who in turn collected illegally withheld taxes for fees at inflated commissions .
The profits from the commissions were allegedly split with Richardson and Senator Benjamin Butler , while Sanborn claimed these payments were " expenses " .
Senator Butler had written a loophole in the law that allowed Sanborn to collect the commissions , but Sanborn would not reveal whom he split the profits with .
Pratt & Boyd [ edit ]
In April 1875 , it was discovered that Attorney General George H. Williams allegedly received a bribe through a $ 30,000 gift to his wife from a Merchant house company , Pratt & Boyd , to drop the case for fraudulent customhouse entries .
Williams was forced to resign by Grant in 1875 .
Delano 's Department of Interior [ edit ]
By 1875 , the Department of the Interior under Secretary of Interior Columbus Delano was in serious disrepair with corruption and fraud .
Profiteering prevailed in the Bureau of Indian Affairs , controlled by corrupt clerks and bogus agents .
This proved to be the most serious detriment to Grant 's Indian peace policy .
Many agents that worked for the department made unscrupulous fortunes and retired with more money than their pay would allow at the expense and exploitation of Native Americans .
Delano had allowed " Indian Attorneys " who were paid by Native American tribes $ 8.00 a day plus food and travel expenses for sham representation in Washington .
Delano exempted his department from Grant 's civil service reform implementation in federal offices .
Delano told Grant the Interior Department was too large to implement civil service reform .
Delano 's son , John Delano , and Ulysses S. Grant 's own brother , Orvil Grant , were discovered to have been awarded lucrative corrupt cartographical contracts by Surveyor General Silas Reed .
Neither John Delano nor Orvil Grant performed any work or were qualified to hold such surveying positions .
Massive fraud was also found in the Patent Office with corrupt clerks who embezzled from the government payroll .
[ 201 ]
Under increasing pressure by the press and Indian reformers , Delano resigned from office on October 15 , 1875 .
Grant then appointed Zachariah Chandler as Secretary of the Interior who replaced Delano .
Chandler vigorously uncovered and cleaned up the fraud in the department by firing all the clerks and banned the phony " Indian Attorneys " access to Washington .
Grant's " Quaker " or church appointments partially made up the lack of food staples and housing from the government .
[ 202 ]
Chandler cleaned up the Patent Office by firing all the corrupt clerks .
[ 204 ] [ 205 ] [ 202 ]
Whiskey Ring prosecuted [ edit ]
Grant 's second term anti-corruption team Benjamin Bristow Edwards Pierrepont
In May 1875 , Secretary of Treasury Benjamin H. Bristow discovered that millions of dollars of taxes were being funneled into an illegal ring from whiskey manufacturers .
Prosecutions ensued , and many were put in prison .
Grant 's private Secretary Orville E. Babcock was indicted and later acquitted in trial .
[ 206 ]
Grant 's new Attorney General Edwards Pierrepont and Bristow formed an anti-corruption team to weed out criminal activity during Grant 's second term .
The Whiskey Ring was organized throughout the United States , and by 1875 it was a fully operating criminal association .
The investigation and closure of the Whiskey Ring resulted in 230 indictments , 110 convictions , and $ 3,000,000 in tax revenues that were returned to the Treasury Department .
Bristow and Pierrpont brought evidence to Grant of Babcock 's involvement .
Grant asked Babcock with Bristow and Pierrepont in attendance at the White House about the evidence .
Babcock gave Grant an explanation that the evidence did not concern the Ring , and Grant quietly accepted Babcock 's words at face value .
During the prosecution of the Whiskey Ring leaders , Grant testified on behalf of his friend Babcock .
As a result , Babcock was acquitted .
However , the deposition by Grant was a great embarrassment to his reputation .
The Babcock trial turned into an impeachment trial against the President by Grant 's political opponents .
Trading post ring [ edit ]
In March 1876 it was discovered under House investigations that Secretary of War William W. Belknap was taking extortion money in exchange for allowing an Indian trading post agent to remain in position at Fort Sill .
Belknap was allowed to resign by Grant and as a result , was acquitted in a Senate impeachment trial .
Profits were made at the expense of Native Americans who were supposed to receive food and clothing from the government .
In late April 1876 , Grant lashed out at Lieut .
Col. George A. Custer , after Custer had testified at a Congressional committee one month before against Grant 's brother Orville and Sec. Belknap .[ citation needed ]
There had been rumors Custer had talked with the press concerning the Indian post profiteering .[ citation needed ]
Custer personally went to the White House to clear matters up with the President .
However , Grant refused to see him three times .
When Custer left Washington on May 3 to return to Fort Lincoln , he had been removed from overall command by Grant and denied any participation of the Sioux Campaign ; having been replaced by Brig .
Gen. Alfred Terry .
However , at Terry 's insistence , Grant relented and allowed Custer to participate in the campaign against the Sioux on the condition he did not take any pressmen .
Cattellism [ edit ]
In March 1876 , Secretary of Navy George M. Robeson was charged by a Democratic - controlled House investigation committee with giving lucrative contracts to Alexander Cattell & Company , a grain supplier , in return for real estate , loans , and payment of debts .
The House investigating committee also discovered that Secretary Robeson had allegedly embezzled $ 15 million in naval construction appropriations .
Since there were no financial paper trails or enough evidence for impeachment and conviction , the House Investigation committee admonished Robeson and claimed he had set up a corrupt contracting system known as " Cattellism " .
Safe burglary conspiracy [ edit ]
In September 1876 , Orville E. Babcock , Superintendent of Public Works and Build
Some parents of underperforming students have been told to keep their children home from school over the next three days of NAPLAN testing .
Thousands of students around Australia in years 3 , 5 , 7 and 9 will be sitting the national literacy and numeracy tests over the next three days .
But schools are being accused of " going mad " over NAPLAN because of fears the test results could be used to compare schools .
Even as tests get underway , parents and education unions around the country have raised concerns over how the tests are being conducted and how the results will be used .
Queensland Teachers Union ( QTU ) president Steve Ryan says he is aware of cases of schools encouraging students to stay home on testing days under the NAPLAN " regime " .
" Unfortunately the emphasis put on the NAPLAN tests themselves , the nature of the high - stakes testing is dragging schools into what I would call unwanted practices , " he said .
" [ It 's ] not just students who may be told to stay at home .
It 's not just that sort of situation that is an issue here . "
There have also been reports of particularly bright students being offered transport to school on testing days and reports of schools " grooming " students to perform better in the tests .
Leah Thomason says she was told her son , who is in grade 3 at Mount Cotton State School in Queensland , will be exempt from the test .
" Last Friday afternoon when I went to pick them all up from school , two of my children handed me forms , " she said .
" One of them said that they were getting special help with the NAPLAN test and the other said that they were being exempt . "
Ms Thomason says when she spoke to the deputy principal about the matter , she was told her son was exempt because of an intellectual disability .
She was told he would either be put in a grade 2 class or she could keep him at home .
But Ms Thomason says she does not understand why her son cannot be given special help with the NAPLAN test like her other child .
" One of them is getting special help , like getting extra time to complete the test , having somebody supervise them in a smaller group so there 's somebody there to ask questions to , " she said .
" I do n't really know where to go from here .
I would like to know where he 's sitting , just because he 's been diagnosed with a learning disability - we still want to know how he 's going . "
Ms Thomason says she also does not believe her son has an intellectual disability , even though that is how the school diagnosed him last year .
" I do n't think he does but when they did all the tests on him they said he does n't fit in either box , so they 're just going to put him in that box and so he 'll get extra help , which is what I 'm fine with , but now it 's come back to bite us , " she said .
' Narrow focus '
Mr Ryan says this kind of behaviour is taking over from quality education .
" There 's just such a narrow focus on NAPLAN , " he said .
" It 's leading to all sorts of unnecessary practices in schools .
I have heard of it happening in schools where they 've deliberately taken a stance that they do n't want below - average students doing the tests and dropping their scores , which probably shows less of an understanding of what the NAPLAN tests are designed to do rather than anything else . "
Mr Ryan says schools are also spending too much time grooming students in an attempt to make them perform better in the NAPLAN tests .
" We 've got the ridiculous situation of schools just setting aside a whole range of good curriculum offerings just to concentrate on NAPLAN so the school would be seen to be in some way better than the school next to it , " he said .
" All these sorts of things , I just find it an abhorrence in terms of good education .
" What we should be doing is concentrating on good education in our schools and we 're seeing good curriculum areas being abandoned to simply prepare , test , retest , test again . "
Mr Ryan says the pressures education authorities place on schools and teachers encourage them to do the wrong thing .
" That 's the disgraceful thing , " he said .
" Because it 's one test , it 's a very minor point of a child 's assessment and what we 're seeing is a whole reliance on funding , schools being ranked , a whole range of ridiculous things that the test was never designed to do . "
Chris Watt from the Independent Education Union says he is unaware of such reports .
Mr Watt says the tests are a diagnostic tool and it would be disappointing to see them used as anything else .
" If there was evidence that a school was suggesting that some students not attend and that others would be encouraged and beyond to be in attendance it would , in our view , be undermining the basis upon which we support the notion of the tests , " he said .
DJ
Ace comes through with a brand new song titled “ Energy ” .
Mzansi ’s undisputed King of Slow Jams is back to the scene like he never left .
He ’s out wielding a …
ClipX
ClipX is a tiny clipboard history manager .
It is sweet , it is free , use it .
Use the system tray icon to restore your old clipboards
Use a hotkey to paste them directly inside your favorite editor
License
Copyright 2004 - 2008 Francis Gastellu .
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " WITH NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER , INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY , NON - INFRINGEMENT , OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL , INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM THE LOSS OF USE , DATA OR PROFITS , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION , ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE
Download ClipX
Latest stable version : ClipX 1.0.3.8 for x86 ( Nov. 30th , 2005 )
Latest beta version :
ClipX 1.0.3.9 beta 7 x86 ( Jul. 6th , 2008 )
ClipX 1.0.3.9 beta 7 x64 ( Jul. 6th , 2008 )
Note that beta versions are work in progress .
Although I make every effort to provide them bug - free ,
you should expect problems .
If your configuration settings are important to you , you should make a
backup of the configuration ( * .ini ) before installing a beta .
Download Plugins
ClipX Stickies Plugin 1.9
Stickies Plugin 1.9 for ClipX x64
Keeps a list of permanent entries at the bottom of your history .
ClipX Auto Update Plugin 1.6
Auto Update Plugin 1.6 for ClipX x64
Automatically checks for and downloads the latest version of ClipX ( RSA authenticated ) .
ClipX Limits Plugin 1.2
Limits Plugin 1.2 for ClipX x64
Lets you ignore some clipboards based on size in memory .
ClipX " Save Image As " Plugin 0.1
Lets you save image clipboards as PNG or JPG ( Requires GDI + ) , by Miguel Garrido .
ClipX DiskLog Plugin 1.2
DiskLog Plugin 1.2 for ClipX x64
Records your clipboard lifetime history to disk ( text entries only ) .
ClipX SmartNavigation Plugin 1.3
SmartNavigation Plugin 1.3 for ClipX x64
Uses regular expressions to analyze your clipboard and construct URLs to navigate to , or programs command lines to run .
ClipX ColorPicker Plugin 1.2
ColorPicker Plugin 1.2 for ClipX x64
Grabs the color of the pixel under the mouse and formats it to your preferences before sending it to the clipboard .
Donate
If you feel ClipX is worth a donation , here 's where to click :
Version History
7/06/2008 - Plugin Updates -
All in - house plugins - Added x64 versions .
- Added support for plugins automatic updates ( you need to manually update them one last time ) .
- ColorPicker 1.2 - Added eyedropper tool with magnifier .
7/04/2008 - Plugin Updates - Smart Navigation 1.2 - Added flag to enable or disable URL encoding on a per expression basis , to be able to open programs with parameters ( oops , slight oversight )
01/30/2008 - Made betas public - Plugin Updates : - Made installers for all in - house plugins - AutoUpdate 1.5 - Added support for auto - downloading beta versions
01/25/2008 - Plugin Updates - Stickies 1.8 - Fixed shortcut key ' A ' for the first entry being ignored - Color Picker 1.1 - Added hotkey for showing a color picking dialog - Smart Navigation 1.1 - Made regexp edition dialog larger - Added monitoring of clipboard for preview field in regexp edition dialog - Added pattern for email handling in presets
01/23/2008 - Plugin Updates - Smart Navigation 1.0 - Added SmartNavigation plugin , to analyze the clipboard content using regular expressions and navigate based on results - Color Picker 1.0 - Added ColorPicker plugin , to copy the color under the mouse cursor into custom formats - Disklog 1.1 - Fixed bug that disabled clipx 's text clipboard support when Disklog plugin was disabled
01/03/2008 - Plugin Updates - Disklog 1.0 - Added Disklog plugin , to record text entries permanently in a file
11/30/2005 - 1.0.3.8 - Fixed crash when used in Firefox 1.5 ( if you use the Stickies plugin , you need to update to Stickies 1.7 to fix crashes in Firefox when pasting a sticky ) - Moved clipx.ini to ClipX 's directory - Added ini optimization
10/14/2004 - 1.0.3.7 -
Fixed last history entry in systray tooltip after unsupported clipboard was copied - Improved startup , does not lose current clipboard anymore , even if it is an unsupported format - Added auto - navigate option to google hotkey , detects urls and navigate rather than search - Added double click on systrem tray to open configuration - Added double click in plugin list to open the plugin's about box - Added double click in manager to open edition box - Added double click in search to validate choice - Added double click in stickies to open edition box - Grayed out apply button in config until something has changed , you 'll want to update your plugins .
- Fixed bottom of plugin configuration pages titles cut off by a few pixels - Added delete key support and auto - reselect in manager
10/13/2004 - 1.0.3.6 - Added ability to use the caret for popup position when possible , made it default
10/13/2004 - 1.0.3.5 - Added support for Explorer file set clipboards
10/11/2004 - 1.0.3.4 - Fixed problem when pasting within EditPlus - Added unicode support - Made text edition internal
10/10/2004 - 1.0.3.3 - Fixed plugins not found when started from registry - Fixed duplicate &'s in manage and search lists - Released SDK
10/08/2004 - 1.0.3.2 - Optimized memory usage - Improved pasting algorithm to avoid automatic reselection of text box contents by Windows - Fixed pasting from search box when used from clipboard history - Fixed drawing glitch with default entry when it is a graphical one - Fixed menu accelerators sometimes desynchronized - Added accelerators to several dialogs items - Updated stickies plugin
10/07/2004 - 1.0.3.1 - Fixed bug with saving of history , so much for betatesting ;-) - Improved stickies plugin ( added edition , add from saved history )
10/07/2004 - 1.0.3.0 - Big update : - Revamped config dialog - Fixed ignore bitmap / text entries - Added multi-user support - Added Clear History / Clear Bitmaps - Added Purge bitmaps between sessions - Added selectable system tray icon ( now defaults to a 256 colors one ) - Added Navigate to current clipboard content - Added Google search current clipboard content ( optional Auto - quoting ) - Fixed bitmap popup entries accelerator alignment - Fixed bitmap popup entries for very small bitmaps (< 8x8 ) - Added plugins support , SDK on its way - Fixed duplicate accelerator - Lots of tiny , almost unnoticeable but well worth it cosmetic changes
10/03/2004 - 1.0.2.5 - Fixed crash when loading sessions from ClipX < 1.0.1.0
09/19/2004 - 1.0.2.4 - Fixed crash introduced in 1.0.2.3 ( oops )
09/19/2004 - 1.0.2.3 - Fixed menu alignment with multiple monitors when not using mouse position
09/18/2004 - 1.0.2.2 - Fixed systray tip change , Added left click on systray , fixed rare assert bug
09/02/2004 - 1.0.2.1 - Added XP manifest , Added current clipboard in systray tip
09/02/2004 - 1.0.2.0 - Added bitmap clipboards support
09/01/2004 - 1.0.1.5 - Fixed cosmetic bug
09/01/2004 - 1.0.1.4 - Added Save / Load history - Added option to run at startup
09/01/2004 - 1.0.1.3 - Added Clear current
09/01/2004 - 1.0.1.2 - Added popup menu placement setting
08/31/2004 - 1.0.1.1 - Added Search
08/31/2004 - 1.0.1.0 - Added Edit / Delete
08/31/2004 - 1.0.0.9 - Cosmetic changes ,
First public release
08/30/2004 - 1.0.0.0 -> 1.0.0.8 - Everything 's new
Beta Versions History
07/28/2008 - 1.0.3.9 beta 7 - Added portable mode ( - p on the commandline ) to use the ClipX directory for saving / loading prefs and state .
- Fixed saving of configuration on Vista for restricted systems , now saves in Application Data \ClipX folder , unless portable mode is activated .
- Fixed handling of applications reporting invalid caret coordinates , popup falls back to mouse position .
-
Made hotkey controls easier to empty out ( backspace ) and changed � Winkey� to � WIN� .
- Added ability to use choose between numpad and normal numbers for pasting 1st to 9th item .
07/06/2008 - 1.0.3.9 beta
6 - Added x64 version - Added plugins browser - Added whatsnew dialog - Improved ability to launch applications in Open functionality ( ex Navigate ) - Fixed handling of unix & mac style carriage returns in preview tips - Added support for plugins autoupdate in SDK ( updated all plugins , you need to manually update them one last time )
07/02/2008 - 1.0.3.9 beta
5 - Added preview tooltip in paste menu ( can be disabled and configured in the " popup " config dialog page ) - Changed graphical menu to be disabled by default , since preview tooltip shows the bitmaps as well and is enabled by default ( can be reenabled in " popup " config dialog page ) - Fixed failure of multiple instance prevention introduced in beta 4 - Added more SDK functions ( paste item , paste arbitrary text ) - Added even more SDK functions , gives the ability to plugins to add support for additional clipboard formats - Improved reentry handling so that plugins may rely on it ( eg , when setting a new clipboard while inside a clipboard event ) - Removed option to ignore the CF_CLIPBOARD_VIEWER_IGNORE hint since clipx now relies on it internally - Fixed position of menu when asked not to use caret position - Fixed systray showing < unsupported clipboard > after selecting " Clear Current "
06/23/2008 - 1.0.3.9 beta
4 - Fixed issue with navigation hotkeys introduced in beta 2 - Added ability to clear the last history entry when the clipboard is emptied - Added support for CF_CLIPBOARD_VIEWER_IGNORE -
Added caption to hidden window so that more tools can detect when ClipX is running ( " CLIPX_MAIN " ) - Cosmetic changes to General configuration tab
02/06/2008 - 1.0.3.9 beta
3 - Added support for reopening popup edit fields in system lists ( F2 / Single - Click in Explorer windows , Browse dialogs , Desktop , and more ) - Added support for reopening popup edit fields in Total Commander ( Shift + F6 / Single - Click ) - Added " Combine ( oldest first ) " and " Combine ( newest first ) " to the Manage dialog - Fixed inability to sometimes get the position for the caret - Fixed crash in search dialog when an < empty > item is present
01/30/2008 - 1.0.3.9 beta
2 - Added support for Vista clipboard API ( no more broken win32 clipboard chain if you are using Vista ) - Fixed multiuser support bug - Changed Navigate functionality into generic Open - Added ability to limit navigating / opening clipboards to URLs only - Added ability to play an optional sound when a clipboard entry is handled by clipx - Improved file picker filters - Added optional hotkey for pasting the last item and removing it at the same time ( for cliboard stack behavior ) - Added optional hotkey for pasting all items in the history in reverse order ( for clipboard concatenator behavior ) - Added optional hotkey for pasting the second - to - last item without poping the history menu - Added optional hotkey to open the Manage dialog - Added support for Winkey in hotkey controls - Fixed inability to set some key combinations as hotkeys - Added option to use Ctrl|Shift|Alt|Win+NUMPAD
1 to 9 to paste the last 9 clipboards without reordering the history
SDK
ClipX Plugin SDK
Thanks
The following people ( in no particular order ) contributed via suggestions , bug reports , and / or by their mere existance : bas , SOOPRcow , Anders , rOn , Plato , dro , Liquid , Germ , toqer , deadbeef , kichik , Bizzy , DarkainMX , soundsys , whereami , mig , Picasso , Furan , oli , gray_ghost , fatmoe , Splif , sIX , Jimbo , JasonB , h0llow , flyguy , sns , mued , chew , Trevor Moris , Joe , ... and of course , t0xico .
Contact
Francis Gastellu
Since its creation on 8/31/2004 at 7:58 am PST , this page was accessed 1386 times
The US Supreme Court will hear arguments Tuesday in a case that could affect the ability of states and cities to pass gun bans , and , more broadly , could shift the balance of power between the states and Washington .
If the Supreme Court rules in favor of a challenge to Chicago ’s ban on handguns , it could lead to a slew of challenges against state laws on everything , not just guns .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Supreme Court will rule on McDonald v. City of Chicago , a case in which a Chicago resident has challenged that city ’s handgun ban as unconstitutional .
But the case goes much further than the typical bickering over the Second Amendment .
That ’s because it has more to do with the 14th Amendment than it does with the Second .
In 2008 , the Supreme Court struck down the District of Columbia ’s law restricting handgun possession , on the grounds it violated the Second Amendment .
But that did n’t settle the issue because , as Laura E. Davis reports at Yahoo News , Washington , DC , is federal territory .
And the Supreme Court has long maintained that the Second Amendment does n’t apply the same way to state laws as it does to federal laws .
But the challenge to Chicago ’s handgun ban is n’t about the Second Amendment ; it ’s about the 14th Amendment , which states that “ no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States . ”
So if the Supreme Court rules Chicago ’s handgun ban unconstitutional — which many observers say is likely , given the court ’s conservative leanings in recent years — it would likely be on the grounds that the law “ abridged the privileges or immunities ” of a US citizen .
ADVERTISEMENT
The result , Davis argues at Yahoo News , could be a slew of challenges to state laws — any state law that a challenger believes “ abridges ” his or her “ privileges or immunities . ”
The potential implications of this case are huge – and not just for gun rights .
If the privileges - or - immunities argument prevails , it would bring back a constitutional argument that has been effectively dead since 1873 , when a decision ( known as the Slaughter - House cases ) said that the clause only protects rights of national citizenship .
But if the court reinterprets this clause , the wording is so broad that some think it could bring a flood of challenges to numerous other laws .
Others fear a privileges - or - immunities revival will lead to too much judicial subjectivity .
Davis notes that , if the court does rule to strike down Chicago ’s handgun ban , “ it will almost certainly have to contradict its rulings in earlier cases . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Given the court ’s recent leanings , such as its decision to overthrow decades of legal precedent to end restrictions on corporate campaign spending , that does n’t seem to be an unlikely scenario .
‘ Chosen as lead plaintiff because he is African - American ’
ADVERTISEMENT
The Chicago Tribune reports that the challenge to Chicago ’s handgun ban was crafted by the same lawyer who challenged the Washington , DC , ban before the Supreme Court two years ago .
The paper notes that the lead plaintiff was chosen precisely because he does n’t fit the stereotype of a “ gun nut ” — he ’s a black man who votes Democrat .
Obama 's lies , fraud : Can Special Counsel Patrick Fitzgerald open an investigation ?
By : Devvy
May 14 , 2010
Worldnetdaily carried a headline earlier this week regarding Barack Hussein Obama , aka Barry Soetoro , aka Barry Obama , aka Barack Dunham , aka Barry Dunham using a social security number issued in the state of Connecticut .
NEW YORK – " Two private investigators working independently are asking why President Obama is using a Social Security number set aside for applicants in Connecticut while there is no record he ever had a mailing address in the state .
" In addition , the records indicate the number was issued between 1977 and 1979 , yet Obama 's earliest employment reportedly was in 1975 at a Baskin - Robbins ice - cream shop in Oahu , Hawaii .
" WND has copies of affidavits filed separately in a presidential eligibility lawsuit in the U.S. District Court of the District of Columbia by Ohio licensed private investigator Susan Daniels and Colorado private investigator John N. Sampson .
" The investigators believe Obama needs to explain why he is using a Social Security number reserved for Connecticut applicants that was issued at a date later than he is known to have held employment . "
This issue has been around for quite some time ; I wrote a column about it November , 5 , 2009 :
" In a letter from licensed investigator Susan Daniels to Judge Carter , Ms. Daniels states :
" I am the private investigator who contacted Dr. Orly Taitz when I found that Barack Obama has been using a bogus social security number for years , which is a felony .
I have been a licensed investigator for almost fifteen years and recognized it immediately as fraudulent . "
" While this may well be true , without any documentation to prove Obama used all those SSNs ( For what purpose ?
Tax evasion , fraud regarding business transactions or campaign cash ? ) , we just do n't know .
Several months ago , I had email exchange with an individual ( I will not name for privacy ) , who believes Obama used his former home address for fraudulent reasons .
This person seems to have good grounds support his allegation .
However , only a full blown criminal investigation by law enforcement ( like DOJ ) would provide evidence . "
Long ago , Neil Sankey was once attached to elite Scotland Yard units which hunted down IRA bombers and other high level criminals .
He is now semi-retired from a life long career as a private investigator .
Sankey collected hundreds of SSNs belonging to dozens of Barack Obama's , Stanley Ann Dunham ( Obama 's mother ) and Michelle Obama .
As they were in no order , I put them in three separate files :
Barack Hussein Obama
Stanley Ann Dunham ( his deceased mother )
Michelle Obama
Due to a corrupt Congress that stood mute and accepted the Electoral College vote , even though the issue of Obama 's citizenship was a raging issue in this country , the communist occupying the White House has done enormous damage to this republic .
The entire Congress who sat there without raising a single objection demonstrated the greatest act of cowardice in my life time .
I expected nothing less from the Democrats in Congress .
There is n't one of them with an ounce of integrity or honor .
I can only assume the cowardice displayed by incumbent Republicans was either fear or " we lost , get over it . "
Either way , it was and is inexcusable .
There 's no need to cover all the lawsuits .
There are still two remaining : ( 1 ) Appeal in the Kerchner v Obama case - filed last November 2009 .
A motion for leave to file supplemental Appendix was filed April 20 , 1010 .
It is astounding that the courts feel no urgency in dealing with usurpers .
The same putrid situation is dragging on regarding the removal of usurper , Marxist Hillary Clinton [ 1 ]
That lawsuit was filed January 29 , 2009 .
The appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court was filed December 31 , 2009 .
In the meantime , Clinton is running around the globe playing Secretary of State .
This is an outrage .
The courts are over loaded , but when it comes to high level public officials like Obama / Soetoro and Clinton , the courts , must put those cases ahead of others for obvious reasons .
Instead , they 're sitting on them .
Now , there is another grossly unqualified candidate ( Sotomayer the other ) nominated to the high court , Kagan .
These games are sickening and the American people should be outraged .
The second case is the Leo Donofrio and Stephen Pidgeon lawsuit on behalf of the Chrysler dealers .
That one will take time .
But , time is not on our side .
The date for Lt. Col. Lakin's Article 32 hearing is set for June 11 , 2010 .
Everyday Comrade Obama remains in office is a crime , yet an honorable 18 year veteran of our military faces court martial and prison because he is entitled to the truth about the commander in chief .
The dark forces who own Washington , DC. , will go to any lengths to protect the big lie .
I do n't know for a fact that Obama / Soetoro has been using one or more fake social security numbers , but where there 's smoke , there 's usually a fire .
Rev. David Manning , has been on Obama since he became aware of the serious , constitutional question of Obama / Soetoro 's citizenship .
Dr. Manning is chief pastor at the ATLAH World Missionary Church in NYC .
Because Congress and the courts ( never mind the lackey media and that includes cable networks like FAUX , CNN and MSNBC ) refuse to stop the fraud of Comrade Obama occupying the White House , Dr. Manning decided to hold a trial :
" Starting Friday and for a full week , the Atlah World Missionary Church will hold in essence a citizen 's court in what it bills as " the greatest trial in American history . "
" The trial , which will include legal scholars and retired court officers , will examine several issues , including Obama 's birth place , his citizenship status , his academic credentials and alleged ties to the Central Intelligence Agency as a student .
" The Atlah World Missionary Church , headed by Rev. James Manning , says the proceedings are not a mock trial and are permitted under the U.S. Constitution :
" A number of Americans have been gravely concerned about the eligibility issue of Barack Obama ...
We have been able to look at the briefs filed by several attorneys and the courts have just refused categorically to allow any access or due process on the matter ...
We are going to call a 10th Amendment sanctioned trial .
It is not a grand jury , it 's not a hearing , it 's a trial and we are going to follow all the rules and practices of both federal and state jurisprudence ...
We are going to adjudicate this trial in such a way that it will be historically respectful and appellate proof . "
The trial begins Saturday .
On Friday , May 14 , 2010 , Rev. Manning will lead a protest march at Columbia University .
The entire trial will be filmed and media will there in full force ; there will be transcripts .
Of course , you wo n't hear anything about it on ABC , NBC or CBS .
Likely any mention on CNN or MSNBC will be a slam against " the birthers . "
Master gas bag , Bill O'Reilly , will simply label Rev. Manning a loon and move on to some sex story .
Apparently there is at least one law professor who does n't believe Manning 's effort has any clout :
" Meanwhile , a Constitution law professor at Southern University in Baton Rouge says the American Grand Jury does n't hold the clout the Manning team espouses .
This professor , who wants anonymity , and when asked about Justice Antonin Scolia ’s opinion of the court in United States v. Williams , 504 U.S. 36 at 48 ( 1992 ) , says he would n't accept anything Scalia says and despises all people on the far left and the far right .
Yet , this position the professor takes goes completely against what the Supreme Court found in their decision in that 1992 case ; the power is placed in the hands of the people in the American Grand Jury as the Fourth Branch of Government . "
The case referred to here is : United States v. Williams , 504 U.S. 36 at 48 ( 1992 )
" This Court 's cases relying upon that power deal strictly with the courts ' control over their own procedures , whereas the grand jury is an institution separate from the courts , over whose functioning the courts do not preside .... "
And :
" [ R ] ooted in long centuries of Anglo - American history , " Hannah v. Larche , 363 U.S. 420 , 490 ( 1960 ) ( Frankfurter , J. , concurring in result ) , the grand jury is mentioned in the Bill of Rights , but not in the body of the Constitution .
It has not been textually assigned , therefore , to any of the branches described in the first three Articles .
It " `is a constitutional fixture in its own right . ' "
United States v. Chanen , 549 F.2d 1306 , 1312 ( CA9 1977 ) ( quoting Nixon v. Sirica , 159 U.S. App. D.C. 58 , 70 , n. 54 , 487 F.2d 700 , 712 , n. 54 ( 1973 ) ) , cert .
denied , 434 U.S. 825 ( 1977 ) .
In fact , the whole theory of its function is that it belongs to no branch of the institutional Government , serving as a kind of buffer or referee between the Government and the people .
See Stirone v. United States , 361 U.S. 212 , 218 ( 1960 ) ; Hale v. Henkel , 201 U.S. 43 , 61 ( 1906 ) ; G. Edwards , The Grand Jury 28 - 32 ( 1906 ) .
Although the grand jury normally operates , of course , in the courthouse and under judicial auspices , its institutional relationship with the Judicial Branch has traditionally been , so to speak , at arm 's length .
Judges ' direct involvement in the functioning of the grand jury has generally been confined to the constitutive one of calling the grand jurors together and administering their oaths of office .
See United States v. Calandra , 414 U.S. 338 , 343 ( 1974 ) ; Fed. Rule Crim .
Proc. 6 ( a ) . [ 504 U.S. 36 , 48 ]
" The grand jury 's functional independence from the Judicial Branch is evident both in the scope of its power to investigate criminal wrongdoing and in the manner in which that power is exercised .
" Unlike [ a ] [ c] ourt , whose jurisdiction is predicated upon a specific case or controversy , the grand jury `can investigate merely on suspicion that the law is being violated , or even because it wants assurance that it is not . ' "
United States v. R. Enterprises , Inc.,498 U.S. 292 , 297 ( 1991 ) ( quoting United States v. Morton Salt Co.,338 U.S. 632 , 642-643 ( 1950 ) ) .
It need not identify the offender it suspects , or even " the precise nature of the offense " it is investigating .
Blair v. United States , 250 U.S. 273 , 282 ( 1919 ) .
The grand jury requires no authorization from its constituting court to initiate an investigation , see Hale , supra , at 59 - 60 , 65 , nor does the prosecutor require leave of court to seek a grand jury indictment .
And in its day - to - day functioning , the grand jury generally operates without the interference of a presiding judge .
See Calandra , supra , at 343 .
It swears in its own witnesses , Fed.Rule Crim .
Proc. 6 ( c ) , and deliberates in total secrecy , see United States v. Sells Engineering , Inc. , 463 U.S. 418 , 424 - 425 ( 1983 ) . "
Now , going back to fraud .
Besides the issue of Comrade Obama using fake or multiple SSNs , there is also the issue of did Nancy Pelosi and others commit fraud when they submitted Comrade Obama 's candidate certification to the 50 Secretary of State 's prior to the election ?
I believe the answer is yes .
I also obtained the " official " documents submitted here in Texas to our Secretary of State .
There 's no question of fraud .
Now , where 's law enforcement ?
Obama / Soetoro has always known he was ineligible due to his father 's citizenship status at the time of his birth , yet he solicited over $ 600 million dollars in campaign funds and is guilty of wire fraud 18 U.S.C. § 1343 .
That 's down the line , but he knows .
What can be done about this ?
We all remember when Ken Starr was appointed Special Counsel to investigate Marxist Bill Clinton about Whitewater , the death of former White House Counsel , Vince Foster and then lying about Monica Lewinsky servicing him in the Oval Office .
At that time under the statute , a three - judge panel was charged with administering the Independent Counsel Act .
The Office of Special Counsel in the United States Department of Justice replaced the former Office of the Independent Counsel in 1999 .
The updated version is charged with investigating alleged misconduct in the federal government 's executive branch .
The Office of Special Counsel is supposed to be an independent agency ; it is also charged with protecting civil service employees from unfair personnel practices .
The current Special Counsel is Patrick Fitzgerald , who was appointed in 2003 by Deputy Attorney General James B. Comey .
Eric Holder is the Attorney General ; a corrupt political animal guilty of obstruction of justice in the Michael Trentadue murder .
Could Patrick Fitzgerald in his capacity as Special Counsel open an investigation into the allegations of social security fraud and all the testimony and whatever hard evidence comes from Rev. Manning 's trial taking place right now ?
Comey , due to a conflict of interest in the Valerie Plame affair with Ashcroft , appointed Patrick Fitzgerald under Department of Justice regulation 28 CFR Part 600 .
In a second letter to Fitzgerald from Comey dated February 6 , 2004 , he crystallized the authority of the Special Counsel : " ... further , my conferral on you of the title of ' Special Counsel ' in this matter should not be misunderstood to suggest that your position and authorities are defined and limited by 28 CFR Part 600 . "
It goes without saying that Eric Holder will never give up Obama / Soetoro , which means he will never authorize Fitzgerald to act in his capacity as Special Counsel to open an investigation into :
1. Fraud : Obama / Soetoro and social security numbers
2. Fraud by Nancy Pelosi and others to ballot qualify Obama / Soetoro for the 2008 presidential election knowing full well he was not constitutionally eligible
3 . Any and all real evidence in the possession of Rev. David Manning and testimony of witnesses .
According to Rev. Manning , two could blow this wide open :
DR . MANNING : " Right now , we are anticipating at least two government officials will testify .
One will be through statements that will be uttered that will be documented , and the other will be a physical presentation where he will actually take the stand .
MRS .
RONDEAU : " And are they in government now or were they past employees of the federal government ? "
DR . MANNING : " One is in government now , and one is a past employee . "
MRS .
RONDEAU : " How did you reach out to them and when ? "
DR . MANNING : " Actually , one reached out to me and the other became a matter of my investigation discovery . "
Dr. Manning is nobody 's fool and he has put his reputation and credibility on the line big time .
4 . Any and all employees regardless of level of Occidental College and Columbia University who altered records to protect Obama / Soetro .
Fitzgerald is very familiar with Comrade Obama from investigations originating from his office which put Tony Rezko , big bud of Obama , in federal prison .
On - going is Fitzgerald 's investigation of former Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich .
I would bet a lot that should a real investigation as Special Counsel be opened and conducted by Fitzgerald , all of the above and more would be exposed to the world .
How could this happen ?
I do n't know because I 'm not an attorney .
Can Fitzgerald open a RICO without Eric Holder 's permission ?
Can he as Special Counsel open a full investigation and convene a federal grand jury without Eric Holder 's permission ?
The Office of Special Counsel is supposed to be an independent agency , but reading § 600.4 Jurisdiction .
from 28 C.F.R. PART 600 — General Powers of Special Counsel it says :
( a) Original jurisdiction .
The jurisdiction of a Special Counsel shall be established by the Attorney General .
The Special Counsel will be provided with a specific factual statement of the matter to be investigated .
Do I read the fox guarding the hen house ?
When you have an AG as dirty as Eric Holder , where do we the people go for justice ?
We the people need the advice of some good constitutional attorneys .
There has to be a way to have the Special Counsel investigate fraud and other crimes even if the Attorney General does n't want to do it to protect an individual who has usurped the office of president of these united States of America .
If there is a way , then we the people need to go into overdrive in putting the heat on Fitzgerald to open an investigation .
If it means marches and demonstrations in front of his office , then it gets done .
If it means a massive campaign like Worldnetdaily.com has been doing with bill boards and petitions , then we get it done and we keep the pressure on until an investigation is opened .
No more secrecy .
No more protecting the criminal syndicate out in Washington , DC .
This is our country , not theirs .
We have a right to a legitimate president and opening a full blown investigation will not only expose the fraud , but also the cover up regarding Obama 's past .
The issue of his dual citizenship at birth , by his own admission , still has to be settled by a court .
One step at a time .
First , we need to find out if Fitzgerald in his official capacity as Special Counsel can open an investigation .
This is one of the greatest frauds in the history of our republic .
We can't give up .
I am hopeful this column will spur on some of these larger organizations who have attorneys they can consult with about the statues governing the Special Counsel and make their qualified opinion available on the Internet .
Then we the people will go into action .
Footnote
[ 1 ] Judicial Watch lawsuit to remove Clinton
Appeal filed January
Implementation of the U.S. Department of Justice 's Special Council Regulation
Hearing Before the Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law
of the Committee on the Judiciary
House of Representatives
February 26 , 2008
Serial No. 110-172
Pay particular attention to the testimony beginning on page 123 - 126 and
Patrick Fitzgerald 's testimony beginning on page 128 .
B-302582 , Special Counsel and Permanent Indefinite Appropriation
September 30 , 2004
The Nonsense Published by Our Nation 's Editors
Regarding Obama ’s Eligibility to be President
Obama , the Putative President of the U.S. , was Born a British Subject
Governed by the British Nationality Act of 1948 , and is Currently
also a British Protected Person and / or a British Citizen to This Day
Eye - popper : Is Nancy Pelosi in on eligibility cover-up ?
NWC Leads Worldwide Letter Writing Campaign for
Independent Review of Major Tax Fraud Whistleblower
( Corruption is Eric Holder 's middle name )
Google hides Obama 's Social Security Number story
( Which is why I use www.scroogle.org)
Devvy 's Obama Archives
Obama ’s proven communist connections in Hawaii and Chicago :
Hawaii
Chicago
Devvy Kidd authored the booklets , Why A Bankrupt America and Blind Loyalty ; 2 million copies distributed .
Devvy appears on radio shows all over the country .
She left the Republican Party in 1996 and has been an independent voter ever since .
Devvy is a constitutionalist who believes in the supreme law of the land , not some political party .
Visit Devvy 's website at : https://devvy.com.
You can also sign up for her free email alerts .
Devvy 's radio show broadcasts Mon-Fri .
To listen , go to : https://devvy.com/new_site/rense_show.html
Share
Copyright © 2010 Devvy Kidd
All rights reserved .
Enlarge By Brandi Simons for USA TODAY Dr. Yogesh Mittal , an orthopedic surgeon in Tulsa , works on a patient who is on Medicare .
Some doctors have increased the number of Medicare patients they reject due to low payment rates .
ON MEDICARE ON MEDICARE JOIN THE CONVERSATION JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Track the latest news about President Obama 's administration with The Oval
READ THE LATEST POSTS READ THE LATEST POSTS Read all posts WASHINGTON 
The number of doctors refusing new Medicare patients because of low government payment rates is setting a new high , just six months before millions of Baby Boomers begin enrolling in the government health care program .
Recent surveys by national and state medical societies have found more doctors limiting Medicare patients , partly because Congress has failed to stop an automatic 21 % cut in payments that doctors already regard as too low .
The cut went into effect Friday , even as the Senate approved a six - month reprieve .
The House has approved a different bill .
•
The American Academy of Family Physicians says 13 % of respondents did n't participate in Medicare last year , up from 8 % in 2008 and 6 % in 2004 .
• The American Osteopathic Association says 15 % of its members do n't participate in Medicare and 19 % do n't accept new Medicare patients .
If the cut is not reversed , it says , the numbers will double .
• The American Medical Association says 17 % of more than 9,000 doctors surveyed restrict the number of Medicare patients in their practice .
Among primary care physicians , the rate is 31 % .
The federal health insurance program for seniors paid doctors on average 78 % of what private insurers paid in 2008 .
" Physicians are saying , ' I can't afford to keep losing money , ' " says Lori Heim , president of the family doctors ' group .
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services says 97 % of doctors accept Medicare .
The agency does n't know how many have refused to take new Medicare patients , Deputy Administrator Jonathan Blum says .
" Medicare beneficiaries have good access to physician services .
We do have concerns about access to primary care physicians . "
The AARP , the nation 's largest consumer group representing seniors , is taking notice .
Some U.S. areas already face a shortage of primary care physicians .
Policy director John Rother says the trend away from Medicare threatens to make it worse .
States are starting to see a flight from Medicare : • In Illinois , 18 % of doctors restrict the number of Medicare patients in their practice , according to a medical society survey .
• In North Carolina , 117 doctors have opted out of Medicare since January , the state 's medical society says .
• In New York , about 1,100 doctors have left Medicare .
Even the medical society president is n't taking new Medicare patients .
" I 'm making a statement , " says Leah McCormack , a New York City dermatologist .
" Many physicians are really being forced out of private practice . "
Florida has the highest percentage of Medicare patients , and most doctors can't afford to leave the program .
But " the level of frustration has been higher this year than I 've ever seen it before , " says Linda McMullen of the Florida Medical Association .
We 've updated the Conversation Guidelines .
Changes include a brief review of the moderation process and an explanation on how to use the " Report Abuse " button .
Read more
The Tricky October Surprise Report A congressional report on a turning point of modern U.S. political history – whether candidate Ronald Reagan struck a treacherous deal with Iranian radicals to help win the White House in 1980 – was written haphazardly and deceptively , including an apparently false claim that Reagan ’s innocence was approved unanimously by a House task force .
Email
Printer friendly A recent reexamination of the task force ’s work also reveals that evidence implicating Reagan ’s campaign in a pre-election deal to delay the release of 52 Americans then held hostage in Iran was kept from the U.S. public and even from members of the task force ; that senior staff investigators shelved late - arriving evidence of Republican guilt ; and that dissent within the task force was suppressed .
Recently , one task force member , retired Rep. Mervyn Dymally , D - California , while working on his personal memoirs , noticed that the cover letter accompanying the task force report claimed that there had been a unanimous vote on Dec. 10 , 1992 , exonerating Reagan .
Dymally told me that he knew of no such vote on that date nor at any other time .
When I contacted former task force chairman Lee Hamilton , he told me that he would not have claimed there was a unanimous vote if there had n’t been one .
However , when I checked with the House Foreign Affairs Committee , I was told that no record could be found of a roll call of the task force vote .
“ From the records we have there is no evidence of a recorded vote , ” said committee spokesman David Barnes in an e-mail .
( In the mid-1990s , when I searched through the task force ’s unpublished files , I also found no record of a roll call . )
While the cover letter claiming a unanimous vote appears at the start of the report , Dymally ’s refusal to accept the findings is relegated to a single sentence on page 244 of the report under the subhead “ Office Space and Equipment . ”
In his e-mail , Barnes noted that “ our [ committee ] clerk said that there should have been another heading for that sentence instead of being under the ‘ Office Space & Equipment ’ heading . ”
The apparent effort to bury the contradiction between the claim of a unanimous vote – cited in a cover letter to then - House Speaker Thomas Foley – and Dymally ’s refusal to sign the report was only one indication of how fragile the task force ’s conclusions were in clearing Reagan of the so - called October Surprise suspicions of a 1980 deal with Iran .
Some of the report ’s shortcomings were obvious when it was issued in January 1993 ( though the report was widely praised then by the mainstream U.S. news media ) .
But more problems with the report have emerged in the past few months as part of our reexamination .
For instance , the task force ’s chief counsel , Lawrence Barcella , apparently failed to inform chairman Hamilton that the Russian government had submitted a report on its intelligence regarding the October Surprise issue and that the Russian report confirmed that Reagan ’s campaign did strike a 1980 pre-election deal with Iran over the hostages .
Regarding the Russian report , Hamilton told me , “ I do n’t recall seeing it , ” even though he was the one who had requested Moscow ’s cooperation in the first place and the extraordinary Russian report was addressed to him .
Surprised by Hamilton ’s unfamiliarity with the Russian report , I e-mailed him a PDF copy and contacted the task force ’s former chief counsel , Barcella , who acknowledged in an e-mail that he does n’t “ recall whether I showed [ Hamilton ] the Russian report or not . ”
Barcella and Hamilton also disagreed about Barcella ’s claim that other late - arriving evidence of Republican guilt had led Barcella to ask Hamilton to extend the October Surprise investigation for several months , so the leads could be run down .
Barcella said Hamilton refused , citing procedural difficulties in getting more time for the inquiry .
But Hamilton denied that Barcella had made such a request .
As for other task force members , Dymally said the late - arriving evidence was n't made available and the possibility of extending the investigation was n't discussed .
[ For details on this point and the Russian report , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Key October Surprise Evidence Hidden . ” ]
Under the Rug Instead of prompting an extended investigation , the late - arriving evidence of Republican guilt in 1980 was simply swept under the rug during the final weeks of George H.W. Bush ’s presidency in 1992 - 93 .
Rather than getting to the bottom of a complex mystery , Hamilton and his task force appeared eager to avoid a bitter partisan clash over a historical case when it was easier to look to the future , not the past .
One senior congressional staff aide told me that after the 1992 election , in which the elder President Bush lost to Bill Clinton , the task force wanted the October Surprise case to simply go away .
“ Once the election passed , whatever interest in the investigation waned , ” said the Democratic aide who spoke on condition of anonymity .
“ People were looking toward a new Democratic administration , staffing , et cetera ; they were not that interested in an old scandal . ”
That old scandal centered on whether Reagan ’s 1980 campaign contacted Iranian officials behind President Jimmy Carter ’s back to frustrate his efforts to free 52 U.S. hostages held by Iranian radicals , a long - running crisis that some political analysts believe sank Carter ’s reelection hopes .
The hostages were finally freed – after 444 days of captivity – immediately after Reagan was sworn in on Jan. 20 , 1981 .
The significance of Reagan ’s victory on modern American history can hardly be overstated .
For instance , while Carter wanted to use his second term to press for U.S. energy independence and to secure a lasting Middle East peace , Reagan had little use for such policies and instead pushed through an anti-government agenda of tax cuts for the wealthy and deregulation of corporations .
Three decades later , the United States remains addicted to oil , the Israeli - Palestinian conflict continues to bedevil U.S. policy - makers , Reagan ’s ( and later George W. Bush ’s ) tax cuts have contributed to massive federal deficits , and the concept of corporate self - regulation has led to financial and environmental disasters .
Today , as Republicans anticipate major congressional gains in November , Reagan ’s anti-government mantra has become a Tea Party and GOP rallying cry again .
Perhaps even more important , the notion of Republican impunity – to get away with pretty much whatever audacious action they undertake – pervades national politics .
Since the 1970s , Democrats have shied away from holding Republicans accountable for a string of national security scandals , with the failed investigation into the 1980 October Surprise case serving as a kind of template , not dissimilar from President Barack Obama ’s refusal to investigate President George W. Bush ’s complicity in torture and other war crimes .
The Democrats seem to believe that if they “ look forward , not backward ” regarding Republican crimes that they can secure some measure of bipartisanship , even if there is little evidence of that .
Another danger is that these whitewash investigations undermine public confidence in government , breeding a public cynicism that can contribute to unfounded conspiracy theories .
For instance , Hamilton ’s role in the October Surprise cover - up has undermined his credibility on the 9/11 Commission and other blue - ribbon investigative panels .
Ultimately , Americans find themselves not knowing whom or what to believe .
A Prequel
In a sense , the demise of the October Surprise case represented the last chapter of the Iran - Contra cover - up , even though chronologically , the events of 1980 preceded Reagan ’s arms - for - hostage deals with Iran in 1985 - 86 .
In fall 1986 , those secret transactions with Iran , with profits going to support the Nicaraguan contra rebels , erupted into the worst scandal of Reagan 's administration , known as the Iran - Contra Affair .
After Reagan and other senior officials were caught lying in their denials about those secret arms shipments to Iran , the cover - up of the scandal began almost immediately , first by trying to shift the blame to a few supposedly “ rogue ” operatives , such as White House aide Oliver North and his boss , national security adviser John Poindexter .
Though the congressional Iran - Contra investigation – also headed by Lee Hamilton – was largely willing to accept the cover story and move on , questions persisted about how the relationship between the Reagan administration and the Iranian mullahs began and why Reagan continued the arms - for - hostage swaps in 1985 - 86 even when the total of U.S. hostages held in Lebanon by Iranian allies did n’t go down .
It also became increasingly clear that the U.S. - sanctioned arms shipments to Iran did not begin in 1985 ( as the official Iran - Contra narrative suggested ) but dated back at least to early 1981 , shortly after Reagan took office , with Israelis acting as the middlemen much as they did in 1985 - 86 .
On July 18 , 1981 , an Israeli - chartered plane was shot down after straying over the Soviet Union , offering the first glimpse of these secret arms transactions .
In a PBS interview nearly a decade later , Nicholas Veliotes , Reagan ’s assistant secretary of state for the Middle East , said he looked into the incident by talking to top administration officials .
“ It was clear to me after my conversations with people on high that indeed we had agreed that the Israelis could transship to Iran some American - origin military equipment , ” Veliotes said .
In checking out the Israeli flight , Veliotes came to believe that the Reagan camp ’s dealings with Iran dated back to before the 1980 election .
“ It seems to have started in earnest in the period probably prior to the election of 1980 , as the Israelis had identified who would become the new players in the national security area in the Reagan administration , ” Veliotes said .
“ And I understand some contacts were made at that time . ”
Growing Suspicions
The Veliotes interview was included in a documentary that I was hired to do for PBS Frontline on the October Surprise case .
( The program , which aired in spring 1991 , disclosed new evidence of a Reagan - Iran deal in 1980 but cited gaps in the evidence and reached no firm conclusion . )
One of Carter ’s national security aides , Gary Sick , weighed in on the topic as well with an op-ed in the New York Times , which concluded that the Republicans likely did pull off an October Surprise maneuver that prevented Carter from freeing the hostages before Election Day .
Iran -Contra special prosecutor Lawrence Walsh also came to suspect that the only plausible explanation for Reagan ’s persistent arms - for - hostage swaps in the mid-1980s – when every hostage released in Lebanon was followed by another hostage being taken – was that there was some prior relationship with the Iranians .
Walsh ’s investigators even polygraphed Vice President George H.W. Bush ’s national security adviser Donald Gregg about his possible involvement in the 1980 phase of the scandal .
“ Were you ever involved in a plan to delay the release of the hostages in Iran until after the 1980 Presidential election ? ” the examiner asked Gregg , a former CIA officer .
Gregg ’s denial was judged to be deceptive .
[ See Final Report of the Independent Counsel for Iran / Contra Matters , Vol. I , p. 501 ]
However , as Official Washington grew tired of the complex Iran - Contra scandal – and major news organizations like the Washington Post began mocking Walsh for his supposedly obsessive investigation – the chances for a serious probe of the Iran - Contra prequel , the October Surprise case , grew dimmer .
Those who were threatened by possible October Surprise disclosures also were very powerful .
Not only would a tough investigation threaten Reagan ’s legacy and the presidency of his successor , George H.W. Bush , but it could have cast Israel in a negative light , if it were confirmed that Israel ’s Likud government – which had bristled at Carter ’s Mideast peace initiatives – had then conspired with the Republican Party to oust a sitting American President .
So , it was not surprising that the neoconservative New Republic and the Washington Post Co. ’s Newsweek filed matching debunking stories on the October Surprise case in fall 1991 .
( I was told that the Newsweek article was ordered up by executive editor Maynard Parker who had close neocon ties and who resented me for battles we had fought over the Iran - Contra issue when I worked at Newsweek , before the October Surprise assignment from Frontline . )
Both debunking articles relied on the same false alibi for Reagan ’s campaign director William Casey on a weekend in July 1980 when Jamshid Hashemi , a key Iranian witness who then worked for the CIA , alleged that Casey had conferred with Iranian emissary Mehdi Karrubi in Madrid .
Although the New Republic 's and Newsweek 's alibi for Casey was later proven to be false , the impact of the two high - profile stories created a fire break against the possibility that a serious congressional investigation into the October Surprise affair would get very far .
The Republicans were quick to ridicule anyone who dared to press ahead .
Dymally ’s Dissent
That was the hostile climate facing the House October Surprise Task Force ( and a smaller inquiry by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee ) .
So , it was much easier for Congress to go through the motions of investigating rather than to get into a street fight with then - President George H.W. Bush , who lashed out against the inquiry during two news conferences ( but never testified under oath ) .
In a recent interview , Dymally told me that there was never a “ consultative ” process between the task force members and the lead investigators about the inquiry .
Mostly , he said , a couple of members might show up for a closed meeting and get “ a slight briefing ” from Barcella .
“ My sense is that they wanted to say , ‘ let ’s forget this whole thing , ’ say it never happened and move on , ” Dymally said , noting that the task force held no significant public hearings at which witnesses could present their claims about Republican - Iranian contacts .
Another problem , Dymally said , was that the Republicans were determined to block any serious investigation , and -- on the other side -- “ there was no constituency that was interested in this , other than its historical aspect . ”
Dymally emerged as the only task force member who actively challenged some of the irrational arguments that Barcella and his team were adopting in their efforts to counter evidence of a Republican - Iranian deal .
Dymally credited his staff aide , the late Marwan Burgan , for drawing his attention to some of these anomalies , such as a task force claim that since Reagan adviser Richard Allen wrote down Casey ’s home phone number on one day , that was proof that Casey must have been at home ( even though Allen had no recollection or record of reaching Casey that day . )
Another strange piece of evidence put forth by the task force was an airline schedule showing a flight from San Francisco to London on another day , supposedly to prove that Casey must have been onboard ( even though real documentary evidence for that day placed Casey on the East Coast , not the West Coast . )
As the task force closed in on its finding of Reagan ’s innocence , Dymally filed a dissent , arguing that “ just because phones ring and planes fly does n’t mean that someone is there to answer the phone or is on the plane . ”
The dissent letter reportedly infuriated Barcella who enlisted Hamilton to pressure Dymally into withdrawing it .
In an interview with me back in 1993 , Dymally said the day his dissent was submitted , he received a call from Hamilton warning him that if the dissent was not withdrawn , “ I will have to come down hard on you . ”
The next day , Hamilton , who was taking over the House Foreign Affairs Committee , fired the staff of the Africa subcommittee that Dymally , who was retiring from Congress , had headed .
The firings were billed as routine , and Hamilton told me back then that “ the two things came along at the same time , but they were not connected in my mind . ”
Hamilton said his warning to Dymally had referred to a toughly worded response that Hamilton would have fired off to Dymally if the dissent had stood .
However , hoping to salvage the jobs of some of his staff , Dymally agreed to withdraw the dissent but still refused to sign the report .
Dymally ’s refusal was noted briefly on page 244 under that subhead , “ Office Space and Equipment , ” while the claim of the unanimous vote on Dec. 10 , 1992 , got top billing right at the front of the report .
The Republicans and their allies celebrated the outcome , with task force vice chairman Henry Hyde holding forth in a House speech ridiculing anyone who ever held suspicions about the October Surprise case .
Hamilton wrote a New York Times op - ed , declaring “ case closed ” and insisting that the key to the debunking was establishing ironclad alibis for Bill Casey ’s whereabouts , such as with the home phone number and the flight schedule .
Recently , when I asked Dymally why he was raising this topic again now – three decades after the October Surprise events and 17 years since the task force report was issued – he replied , “ History has to be recorded accurately . ”
[ For the most detailed account of the October Surprise case , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege .
It ’s also available as part of a three - book set for only $ 29 , click here . ]
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Daryl F. Gates , the Los Angeles police chief who saw the department through the Rodney King trial and the subsequent L.A. riots , died today of cancer at 83 .
He was at his Newport Beach home with his family .
Gates was born on August 30 , 1926 and grew up in the Glandale and Highland Park areas .
Except for two years when he was in the Navy , Gates lives in Southern California , even graduating from USC .
He joined the LAPD in 1949 , working his way up to be the 49th Chief in 1978 and staying in the position until 1992 , after the riots .
“ Daryl Francis Gates was a one - in - a- million human being , " said Chief Charlie Beck .
" He inspired others to succeed and , in doing so , changed the landscape of law enforcement around the world . ”
Gates also led the department during the 1984 Olympic summer games and during difficult economic times .
He is credited for creating the Drug Abuse Resistance Education ( DARE ) program and is considered the father of Special Weapons and Tactics ( SWAT ) teams .
Barbara Bush Supports Obama Health Care ( PHOTOS , VIDEO )
Barbara Bush , 28 - year - old daughter of former president George W. Bush , appeared on " Fox News Sunday " as a guest of Chris Wallace .
She is founder and president of a public health - focused non-profit , Global Health Corps .
The older of the Bush fraternal twins worked with AIDS patients in Africa , Tanzania , South Africa , and Botswana , through a program sponsored by Baylor International Pediatrics AIDS Initiative after graduating from Yale University .
Her newest venture is bringing health equity to the U.S. and Africa .
In her discussion of the initiative , she asked , " Why do , basically , people with money have good health care and why do people who live on lower salaries not have good health care ?
Health should be a right for everyone . "
Wallace took the opportunity to ask : " What do you think about Obama health care reform ? "
She replied : " Obviously the health care reform bill was highly debated by a lot of people and I 'm glad the bill was passed . "
Laura Bush has also previously stepped outside of the Republican stronghold to support some liberal views : she supports gay marriage and supports the landmark abortion case Roe v. Wade .
She also came to Obama 's defense when he caught flak for delivering a speech to children on the first day of school last fall .
It looks like some of the Bush women are free thinkers !
Check out the daughter and mother videos below :
Photos : PicApp ; WENN
Home Daily News Sender Who E - Mailed Links to Blog Post Open …
Media & Communications Law
Sender Who E - Mailed Links to Blog Post Open to Defamation Claim , Federal Court Rules
A federal bankruptcy court ruled that sending an e-mail message with a hyperlink to a defamatory blog post can be considered a publication for the purposes of a libel claim .
While the case before the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas revolved around William Perry ’s bankruptcy proceedings , the court relied on Texas law to determine that e-mail messages
Perry sent linking to websites that made false and defamatory statements about Sugar Land , Texas , mayor David Wallace met the “ actual malice ” standard a public official needs to bring a defamation claim , according to the Reporters Committee for the Freedom of the Press .
Perry only included the links to the posts , which he did not write , in the e-mail — none of his own comments .
He was found to have made some comments orally about how the blog might affect Wallace ’s career .
“ That ’s sort of akin to someone saying , ‘ Go and pick up this book , ’ and then that being republication , ” Houston media lawyer Robert Latham told the Reporters Committee .
Matt Zimmerman , a senior staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said Perry could have cited section 230 of the the Communications Decency Act , which states that “ no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider . ”
He cited the 2006 California Supreme Court decision Barrett v. Rosenthal ( PDF posted by Electronic Frontier Foundation ) , in which a woman who posted articles to which the plaintiffs objected on newsgroup websites because she was not the originator of those publications .
Related coverage :
Holland & Knight Media and Communications Newsletter : “ Linking to Blog in Email Treated as ‘ Publication ’ in Defamation Claim ”
San Francisco Bankruptcy Lawyer Blog : “ Defamation in Blog Linking ”
The chemical , which is in the highest toxicity category because it poses a " particularly severe risk to health " , is found in high levels on some of the sticky labels placed on packages of fresh meat , vegetables , tubs of sauce and other foodstuffs .
Konsole is the app that probably almost every KDE developer uses on a daily basis , but there has n’t been much development on the user interface front during the last releases .
The two brave souls Robert Knight and Kurt Hindenburg are busy triaging and fixing bugs .
So to say Konsole is more maintained than developed due to a simple lack of manpower .
Nonetheless some recent changes may be worth blogging about .
Konsole does a brilliant job at being a terminal emulator but it does n’t follow user interface standards set by the majority of KDE apps very well .
The remainder of this post is mostly about the menu bar and popup menus .
Generally , Konsole is forced to apply to the scheme CTRL + SHIFT + Shortcut where other apps would use only CTRL + Shortcut because apps in the terminal might want to use those .
Up until now Konsole had it ’s very own idea about shortcuts and accelerators .
For example , if you wanted to open another tab , you had to do CTRL + SHIFT+N where it should actually be CTRL + SHIFT+T .
There are other examples but all those should be fixed by now .
Furthermore the menus gained some rearrangements .
If you ’re a heavy user of Konsole profiles , you may appreciate that they do n’t pollute the file menu any more :
As a small bonus , your default profile now shows the ‘ favorite ’ emblem 🙂
As you can see , the view menu was streamlined , the actions ‘ Show Menubar ’ and ‘ Full Screen Mode ’ where moved where they belong to : into the settings menu .
You may notice that the ‘ Scrollback ’ menu went into nirvana .
This was simply needed because it grouped the ‘ find ’ actions ( better put into the edit menu ) , ‘ Save Output ’ ( went to the file menu ) and some options stuff that should rather be found in the settings menu .
Also , a popup menu for Konsole ’ custom tab bar was added recently by Kurt :
However , this may probably be merged soon with the popup menu that you get when you right click inside the terminal session :
All these are mostly small changes on the road to a refreshed Konsole experience , so for now we ’d like to get some feedback on how you like these and what parts of Konsole may be improved further UI - wise .
Here ’s a partial TODO list to make it an even better KDE citizen :
A severe profanity thought to originate from jamaica by peter tosh , the unsantitary nature of the female period ( blood clot ) .
It can be used in many contexts , especially to back up a strong statement .
I ’ve not joined the “ Twitter Generation ” because somewhere deep down my leftist ideology believes that Marx really would not want a believer to go along with the technology pushed by large corporations .
I may have to change my thinking after the news this morning that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez has “ tweeted . ”
Twitter , for those of us who grew up before Generation X , is a micro blogging website where an individual can sent a message , no more than 140 characters , to cell phone users who sign on to the sender ’s account .
The message is called a “ tweet . ”
The president ’s first tweet , translated said , “ Hey , how ’s it going ?
I appeared as I said , at midnight .
I ’m off to Brazil and I ’m very happy to work for Venezuela .
We will win ! ”
Chavez sent his first Tweet at midnight Wednesday , April 28 .
Just 22 hours later more than 79,000 persons had signed on the Chavez ’s account .
Press reports on Thursday morning , April 29 , stated that number had almost increased to 100,000 .
President Barrack Obama has 3.7 million followers on his Tweeter account , so Comrade Chavez has a bit of catching up .
The second Tweet sent by Chavez read , “ This has been an unexpected explosion .
Thanks , I ’m here with Evo. We will conquer . ”
Chavez was hosting Bolivian President Evo Morales .
Both messages were brief and to the point .
Not too bad for a guy known for giving some speeches which lasted several hours .
Under the Chavez administration , the Venezuelan government set up 668 “ info- centers ” to fight false information generated by opposition leaders or media .
These centers offer free Internet service and computers to the population .
Chavez ’s twitter address is twitter.com /chavezcandanga for those interested .
Something tells me that if it is good enough for Chavez it would be good enough for Marx .
“ Candanga ” is Venezuelan slang for people who are restless or tireless .
It is also used to mean blunt and to the point .
Newspapers accounts in the U.S. however report “ candanga ” means devil or rabble rouser , another indication most U.S. media unfairly portray Chavez .
Until I decide to sign up I ’ll just have to visit www.venezuelanalysis.com to get Chavez ’s side of issues .
A life - long resident of Chicago ’s South Side , Tomás frequently clashes with co-workers over his support of Hugo Chavez and other progressive issues .
He can be spotted at White Sox games wearing his Venezuela World Baseball Classic tee shirt .
Before I start , let me get one thing over and done with : I fully admit that professional mathematicians are as capable as anyone else of making stupid collective decisions .
But I do n’t want to imagine what the world would be like if it were run by mathematical researchers .
I just wonder how much difference it would make if politicians understood enough mathematics to be able to understand an argument of more than one sentence .
Or to put it more accurately , what would it be like if the following rules of political life were no longer accepted ?
1 . An argument that is slightly complicated but correct is trumped by an argument that is punchy , amusing , and wrong .
2 . If option A is better than B in some respects and worse in others , then instead of weighing up the pros and cons , you decide which side you are on and then just mention the pros of the option you prefer and the cons of the other option .
3 . If option A is better than B in every respect , but your party supports B , then you support B .
4 . If one of your political opponents points out a flaw in your argument , then count to ten and repeat the flawed argument .
If that were the case , then one consequence would be that one could advocate new ways of doing politics and have them discussed seriously .
In this post , I would like to mention a few ideas that would be dismissed as utter lunacy by any politician .
But perhaps people who read this blog would be prepared to engage with them properly and weigh up the pros and cons .
I ’m sure there are cons — but I do n’t think the ideas are utter lunacy .
I am not talking here of electoral reform , though I very much support some kind of change to the British voting system .
Rather , I am talking about reform of the way that business is conducted in between elections .
But before I suggest any ideas , let me discuss what I think is wrong about the current system ( as it is in Britain , but I think the remarks can be generalized to many other democracies ) .
Let us suppose that we have an ideal voting system : to please everybody , let ’s suppose that it ’s a first - past - the - post system that just happens to have delivered a wonderfully proportional result ; and it has even delivered a good strong government , since one party has received 55 % of the vote , and approximately 55 % of the seats , giving it a comfortable majority .
What could possibly be wrong with that ?
In my view , at least two things .
The way things work in Britain , the members of each political party agree that they will form a bloc and vote the same way on every issue .
If you belong to a party and you think that one of your party ’s policies is wrong , then you are faced with a choice .
Either you vote against the party line , and become known as a rebel , jeopardizing your chances of advancement to higher office ( if that is what you hope for ) , or you toe the line and support measures that you do not believe in .
There are of course good reasons for behaving this way .
You join a party because you believe in its general principles , and the idea is that you compromise on some issues because that is the price to be paid for ensuring that the party has the political strength to make other decisions that you do believe in .
But this system can in principle lead to decisions being made that are not supported by anything like a majority of members of parliament .
If the party with 55 % of the vote puts forward a policy that is supported by 70 % of its members ( perhaps there is some committee that reflects perfectly the views of the party , and the policy is voted on in that committee ) and opposed by everyone else , then it is supported by under 40 % of MPs .
But it is still implemented .
The second problem is one that is particularly serious in a country that has a large minority with very different interests from the majority .
( This is often the case for ethnic or religious reasons , and has led to many of the worst and most persistent conflicts round the world . )
Suppose that 30 % of the country belongs to group A and 70 % to group B .
And suppose that there is a political party that represents people in group A and another political party that represents people in group B .
And finally , suppose that the two groups dislike each other intensely .
Then if the number of seats is roughly proportional to the number of votes , the party representing group B will have a large majority in government , which will allow it to advance the interests of group B at the expense of group A .
For example , it could give all the powerful jobs to people from group B , pay for good infrastructure in regions where people in group B tend to live , and so on .
This situation is sometimes referred to as the tyranny of the majority .
So far so good .
Now comes the nutty bit .
I would like to suggest two systems for parliamentary votes , one that would weaken the party system but without killing it off entirely , and one that would protect large minorities .
Neither has the slightest chance of being adopted , because they are both too complicated to be taken seriously .
But mathematicians would n’t find them complicated at all — hence the title of this post .
An obvious way to weaken the party system is to have secret ballots for every single parliamentary vote .
That way , MPs could simply vote on every issue according to their judgment about that issue .
I myself would like to see that .
But it would kill off the party system almost completely .
It would be criticized , with some justification , for making government virtually impossible : how could you plan ahead if every measure you proposed was in danger of being voted down ?
And what if somebody were to say one thing to get elected and then to vote in an entirely different way once they were elected ?
( Of course , entire political parties do that with their manifestos , but that ’s another matter . )
That would make a nonsense of representative democracy .
To meet that objection , I propose the following system .
Votes are made electronically and then counted .
After they are counted , the way people voted is made public .
However , before that happens , each vote is changed , independently , with a certain probability such as 10 % ( but the precise value could be argued about , and might even vary from vote to vote , being lower for especially important votes ) .
If you feel strongly that your party is wrong on a certain issue , then you can vote against it , and if that annoys the party whips , you can tell them that you voted for it but your vote was flipped .
However , you cannot play this game too much , or the number of times your vote appears to be against the party line will be so far above 10 % that it will be clear that you are not a loyal party member .
It is this last part that almost no politician would understand , since non-mathematicians have a strong aversion to the probabilistic method .
Now for a political system that would protect minorities and give power to political parties in rough proportion to the number of seats in those parties ( and in particular not give 100 % of the power to a party with over 50 % of the seats ) .
In this system , I shall assume that there is total loyalty within parties , so on each issue , each party can appoint a representative , who will know exactly what the party wants and will act on that knowledge .
At the beginning of each year , all parties are given “ credit ” in proportion to their sizes .
They also know how many votes there are going to be and have a good idea of how many will be very important , how many extremely minor , and so on .
And then , instead of votes on different issues , there are auctions .
If party A wants income tax to be raised , and party B does not , then whichever party offers to give up the most credit wins the auction and gets its way .
If the issue is particularly important to both parties , the bidding may well go quite high , but if a party bids too much , then it is significantly weakened later in the year .
( There may be better ways of implementing the basic idea , such as starting with a particular level of credit and continuously replenishing it at a certain rate . )
And a minor party that cares deeply about one issue can save all its credit up for that issue .
Perhaps it would also be permissible for two parties to get together and make a joint bid .
Note that under such a system , it would be difficult to push through a lot of controversial legislation , since your opponents would mind about it enough to force the bidding up to high levels .
But if you could find compromises , then they would be cheaper , since it would not be worth your opponents ’ while to spend much political capital opposing them .
So the system would naturally encourage consensual politics .
To make the system more theatrical , each MP could be given a certain number of cards that was less than the number of votes to be held .
If , say , there were 200 votes , then each MP could have 50 cards , each of which could be used as a vote .
Then for each vote MPs would take turns : one would vote for , another against , another next for , and so on , until one side gave up .
On average , a quarter of the members of each party would participate in any given vote , but they would not have to stick to the average for every single vote .
This system is a bit like a system that siblings sometimes use when their parents have died and they want to share out a number of objects of sentimental value .
If they have also been left money , then they can make bids for the various items and then take those bids into account when they share out the money .
It can , I am told , be a good way of avoiding acrimony .
When I thought of the above idea ( I make no claim to be the first to do so , by the way ) , I worried that it would have the potential to lead to game playing of an undesirable kind .
And since writing the last few paragraphs I have realized that indeed it does have that potential .
One party could suggest an outrageously unfair piece of legislation that would be disastrous for the people represented by the other party , and then bid it up in order to force the other party to waste valuable credit ensuring that it does not pass .
For instance , a party that principally represents voters in a certain region could propose a hugely expensive program of improving public transport in that region , paid for by taxpayers all round the country .
Or in a country with more than one language , a party that represents speakers of one language could propose a motion to ban all use of other languages in schools .
At the time of writing , I have not come up with a good system for dealing with this problem .
The difficulty I have is that the obvious ideas seem to involve having to have some measure of how “ reasonable ” a piece of proposed legislation is , in order to attach a cost to proposing it , whereas I was looking for a system where the cost would be determined automatically by the “ market forces ” that arise from the need to spend political credit .
So let me conclude , slightly limply , with the assertion that it seems wrong for a majority to be able to call all the shots , and that if one does not care about simplicity then it ought to be possible to devise a system that does not have this defect .
It is worth mentioning that in many countries with sharp ethnic or religious divisions , minorities are guaranteed ministerial posts .
That is a crude way of sharing out power more fairly : I am wondering whether there are other ways .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Mr Kinloch ’s tragic death , which took place on May 25 but was only revealed last Wednesday , and the harrowing decision faced by his team - mates , have reopened a wound that plagues the climbing and mountaineering community year after year .
During a short two - month season between the end of March and the end of May – when weather conditions are at their kindest and hundreds of mountaineers flock to the Himalaya in a bid to conquer the world ’s highest peak – the wider world is left struggling to comprehend the attraction of Everest , along with the life and death decisions that are taken by those on its slopes .
This is the type of strip that makes people mad because we ’re being too literal with a definition .
It is n’t actually mocking Jesus or anything , but people will take it that way .
Preemptively , no , we are not making fun of Jesus .
We are , however , making fun of Kevin Sorbo .
We Haxors 0wn The 0nlin3 W0r1d
Description :
Quick Warning !
This video has nothing to do with computer security or hacking !
I am posting this just to show how the online world is now playing a dominating role in people 's lives , shadowing traditional media and replacing conventional real life ways of doing things .
The last 10 years since the advent of the Internet has been truly amazing and really marks a significant milestone in human history !
Over a billion people are now online and connected !
Never before has so much knowledge been exchanged without inhibition or regard for race , religion or nationalism .
If you think about it , this is nothing less than revolutionary .
Now comes the reason why I posted this video on SecurityTube :)
As more and more people are coming online , so are companies and their businesses , banks and trading firms , and through these online commerce channels , millions of dollars are being transacted everyday .
Nor surprisingly , where the money flows , the crooks follow !
Online crime has reached an all time high and this upward trend is showing no signs of stopping or even slowing down .
Thousands of users are falling victim to viruses , worms , botnets , phishing scams and identity theft every single day .
Thus there is an urgent need for hackers , security professionals and companies to come to the rescue !
This will probably also make security the hottest field in tech in the coming years !
I am thrilled to be in this space and watch it evolve !
Everyday new hacking techniques and countermeasures are being designed and deployed .
The scene is ever changing and that 's what keeps me hooked to it ! :)
It 's almost like I am high all the time reading and experimenting :)
Enjoy the video !
Tags : fun ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Photograph by Art Wolf / Getty Images
Why are humans the only species
capable of having a verbal conversation ?
New research indicates the answer may involve more than the presence of specialized vocal cords .
Neurobiologist Genevieve Konopka and her lab group at the University of California -- Los Angeles examined a gene called FOXP2 , which is linked to human language .
But FOXP2 is also found in other animals , and the human version of the gene produces proteins that differ from the chimp 's in only two out of 715 locations .
To determine the influence of these two mutations , Konopka 's team first grew human brain cells in cultures , then injected some samples with human FOXP2 and others with chimp FOXP2 .
The human FOXP2 led to the expression of a set of different genes than the chimp FOXP2 -- proving that the two mutations have functional consequences .
" This was completely unexpected , " Konopka says .
The discovery yields the first evidence that human - specific FOXP2 mutations have influence over speech .
Interestingly , the mutations are believed to have occurred around the same time that human language first appeared .
But activating a set of language genes is n't enough to create a talking chimp -- the way genes influence the brain is too complex .
For example , genes " turn on " at different times throughout human development to coordinate the formation of parts of the brain involved with language .
" The next step is to look at the individual functions of this set of genes , " Konopka says .
" They may offer insight about why we 're the only species that has the ability to speak , and may even show us how to help people with language abnormalities . "
Next - Generation Gene Sequencers
Two tools now in development could help doctors read DNA more quickly and cheaply , ushering in an era of personalized medicine .
Nanofluidic Chip
Current technology forces researchers to chop up DNA into millions of pieces to prevent the strands from coiling , which makes them difficult to read .
Also , putting the DNA back together can result in missing or duplicate pieces .
A new chip from BioNanomatrix in Philadelphia uses branching nanochannels to unravel the double - stranded DNA .
An electrical charge in the chip moves the strands along the channels , and an ultra-high - resolution camera allows scientists to view DNA within minutes .
The company will release a test version this year .
Nanopore Sequencer
The four types of nucleotide bases in DNA are denoted by letters : A , C , G and T .
Last year , IBM received a three - year grant from the National Human Genome Research Institute to develop a sequencer that can analyze DNA one base at a time .
The device consists of a silicon microchip with a 3 - nanometer - wide hole , called a nanopore , through which a strand of DNA passes .
The trick has been slowing the DNA enough to make each base unit readable by a sensor .
IBM plans to ratchet the DNA by manipulating an electrical field inside the nanopore .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Truck crashes into Hirshhorn Museum
By Eric Athas
A delivery truck crashed into the Hirshhorn Museum on Independence Avenue SW Monday night , authorities said .
Pete Piringer , a spokesman for the D.C. fire and emergency services department said the driver of the truck may have been injured in the crash which occurred around 8:30 p.m. -- Martin Weil
2010
05
10
21
12
By Eric Athas | May 10 , 2010 ; 9:12 PM ET
Save & Share : Previous : Orange line service delayed -- and restored
Next : Lights out for 4 hours in NW D.C .
Posted by : elissasilverman | May 10 , 2010 10:54 PM
| Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed .
WASHINGTON , June 22 ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday warned insurance firms not to use his healthcare overhaul as a chance to enact big rate increases and said the federal government would work with states to monitor them .
“ Insurance companies ... should n’t see it as an opportunity to enact unjustifiable rate increases , ” Obama said , after meeting with state officials and insurance company executives .
Upload your life ( Image : Darrin Klimek / Getty )
Editorial :
The avatar revolution :
Here come the new humans
ZOE GRAYSTONE is a girl with two brains .
Only one of them is human : the other is an exact digital copy that has become conscious in its own right .
When the human Zoe dies , her digital brain is implanted into a humanoid robot , effectively bringing her back from the grave .
Such ideas have littered science fiction for decades .
Indeed , Graystone is a character in the American TV drama Caprica .
But could such a tale ever become reality ?
Though there is little prospect of creating a genuinely conscious robo- clone in the foreseeable future , several companies are taking the first steps in that direction .
Their initial goal is to enable you to create a lifelike digital representation , or avatar , that can continue long after your biological body has decomposed .
This digitised “ twin ” might be able to provide valuable lessons for your great - grandchildren – as well as giving them a good idea of what their ancestor was like .
Ultimately , however , they aim to create a personalised , conscious avatar embodied in a robot – effectively enabling you , or some semblance of you , to achieve immortality .
“ If you can upload yourself into this digital form , it could live forever , ” says Nick Mayer of Lifenaut , a US company that is exploring ways to build lifelike avatars .
“ It really is a way of avoiding death . ”
For now , Lifenaut relies on a series of personality tests , teaching sessions and uploaded personal material such as photos , videos and correspondence .
The result , Mayer says , will be an avatar that looks like you , talks like you and …
T- Mobile Announced Fastest Cellular Internet Ever
I have been with T - Mobile for a few years now because they essentially offer dirt cheap phones and service .
More recently I have been sticking with their Catherin Zeta Jones obsessed selves because they were the first and most enthusiastic cell phone provider in the USA for Android phones .
Now I want to stay with them even more because I am eager to try out the new HSPA +
( Evolved High - Speed Packet Access ) which is set now to be the fastest cellular Internet connection available .
Yep , you heard me .
Faster than Verizon , AT&T ( who just capped their network anyway : P ) , and even the mighty 4G WiMax being sported by Sprint .
The new technology actually utilizes a 3G backbone ( aka it is not 4G technology ) making it backwards compatible with many 3G v7.2 handsets .
It is now available in many cities and of course will take some time before it can hit more suburban and rural areas .
I have made fun of T - Mobile ’s Internet coverage before ( it used to be REALLY bad ) but I must say they are making strides .
The new technology is theoretically capable of a whopping 56 Mb /s and upload of around 22 Mb/s , but T - Mobile is going to be probably capping it at 22 M b /s down by 2 M b / s up which is more than reasonable .
The speeds have even been verified by DSL Reports which is always a good sign .
I was happy to get 3G where I ’m at now but I can’t wait for this .
If you want to check your area go to T - Mobile ’s coverage map > Click the HSPA + & 3G tab >
Scroll down and click ‘ See cities with HSPA +’ and maybe you ’ll be one of the lucky 75 million soon be bathed in an abundance of bandwidth .
" God , help us all " ..
Of late , the Canadian immigration Minister , Jason Kenney has introduced a new legislation , which is commonly be called as Bill C - 37 .
If passed , the Strengthening the Value of Canadian Citizenship
Act would make quite a difference in the areas of eliminating unscrupulous consultants providing citizenship - related services ; streamlining the citizenship revocation process ; as well as protecting the value of Canadian citizenship .
Here are a few highlights of the new legislation :
The act proposes tougher regulations for citizenship consultants across Canada .
It also allows the authority to take action when there are instances of fraudulence in terms immigration consultancy .
It proposes higher punishment for the citizenship deceitful activities .
The act asks penalties for immoral consultancy up to 100,000 dollars or a jail sentence of five years .
It proposes people who intend to apply for Canadian citizenship to be present physically in the country for 3 years of the preceding 4 years as one of the prerequisites of obtaining citizenship residence in Canada .
It proposes measures to restrict criminals from obtaining Canadian citizens .
It proposes a shift of power from the political figures to the country ’s Federal Court when it comes to removals and revocations .
The legislation proposes exceptions to the rule of first generation limit of obtaining Canadian citizenship .
It also asks the law not to make eligible applicants deprived of citizenship , as well as to make sure that children of Canadian citizens working for Canada outside the country are passed with citizenship .
While announcing the Strengthening the Value of Canadian citizenship Act , Jason Kenney said that the country ’s citizenship boast a great value , which is appreciated across the globe and with the new legislation , the country is trying to take measures in retaining the same !
Besides , the measures would also help weed out the deceitful activities , such as in citizenship consultancy .
I guess you are familiar with the name , Osvaldo surprises us every month with Graphic Mania monthly wallpaper and calendar .
While , you already see Osvaldo amazing surreal work every month , you may not know him and the secret behind his talent .
Before continuing reading this post did you already join our Twitter and subscribe to our RSS feed ?
If not , rush and join us now to receive updates of new posts and free resources .
In this interview , I would like to introduce to you Osvaldo Gonzaliz the name and the artist and will try to reveal the secret behind his art and shed the light about his life through the following questions .
1- let ’s start with the normal question and tell us a little about Osvaldo the artist ?
And how do you find the artist inside you ?
“ During high school I really enjoyed drawing class , and at the age of 17th I had the opportunity to start a job as an ad designer at the local paper in my hometown .
It was a great experience , and I discovered that my life would always revolve around art . ”
2- Tell us about your digital art ?
“ Most important for me is the act of creating agood concept and bringing it to reality .
The birth of agood idea is the celebration of art , the choice of a medium is only a complement . ”
3- Have you studied yet ?
If so where ?
“ I am a self - taught artist .
I did n’t have the opportunity to attend a university , and I continue learning on my own to this day . ”
4- You have remarkable and special style .
Why do you choose digital surreal art ?
And how to you reach this style ?
“ I like to mix drawings , photos , and incorporate found objects in my compositions .
I always strive for an “ antique ” photographic look .
The digital medium is perfect for putting my ideas together and making them a reality . ”
“ Sometimes the idea comes in a flash , I make some sketches in my book and in a few hours I have the outline of a piece .
Sometimes it is more complex and in the middle of the process as I am adding to the piece , I suddenly have a drastic change in focus finally finishing the entire composition in a couple of weeks .
Other times I start with only a few basic elements and no fixed idea , then after arguing with myself a piece is born in my heart and in my eye .
I try to tell a story with each piece I create . ”
5- How long have you been doing digital art ?
I start mypersonal digital artwork in 2002 and my first piece was The Search .
6- What software do you use ?
and why you chose it as a tool to create your digital art ?
I use Photoshop as my primary software , also I use Painter and Illustrator .
Photoshop gives me freedom and precision in each tool , I love the layers palette to mix and blend drawings , textures and photos .
Photoshop is only a good tool , it can be used for good or for bad .
Today I feel all is “ Easily , fashion and fancy Photoshoped ” !
Thereal digital art is much more , thereal digital art start with concept and ideas .
7- What inspires you to create theseamazing artworks ?
I try to create small “ never seen before ” scenarios of improbable events , which require the viewer to interpret the message for himself .
I try to establish questions for the viewer and demand viewer participation .
My pieces are dreamlike figurations about the human condition , technologic dependence punishment to nature , and loss of basicfundamental values .
8- Tell us about the exhibitions you attended , awards or where your artwork are featured ?
The best award for me , are the words from people around the world let me knowing , how a piece has growing in your heart .
Really , it is cool .
Click here for view exhibitions , awards and featured artwork .
9 - Do you have an upcoming project to share with us ?
Right now I ’m working in Black Boxes , a mixed media project , I hope to finish this year .
I ’m working in a new series of digital pieces , the name will be “ The Tombs ” .
Also I ’m building my photography portfolio .
10 - What ’s the best advice you ever received ?
“ Always fight for your goals .
It is still possible to bring dreams to reality ”
11 - Away from the art life ,
What are the little things in life that you enjoy ?
I like to cook , the kitchen gives me joy .
I like to go to fishing with my friends , sometimes the sea gives me a fish for my kitchen , .
I like gothic and metal music , it gives me inspiration when I cook the fish in my Kitchen .
Also I like windsurfing , the wind gives me wings after cooking the fish hearing music .
12 - What has been your toughest challenge ?
It was when I realized that for economic reasons , I would n’t be able to study art at a university .
It was a bitter truth atthe moment , but at the same time I wasable to discover my own ability to teach myself to be an artist .
13 - Who are your favorite artists ?
What impressed you about them ?
Dalí :
The genius .
Rene Magritte : The surreal .
HR Giger : The Dark .
Dave MacKean : The compositor .
14 - What is your advice to young digital artists ?
It does n’t matter if you have a paintbrush or a digital pencil , what is important is to have a restless heart , and to be able to transmit what your heart feels , while leaving to the side what is trendy or popular .
Create , create , and continue creating , Breathe art and enjoy it .
15 - Where we can see more of your work and what is your portfolio site ?
http://www.pixelium-art.com
16 - Any thing would you like to add ?
Blessed are those who appreciate art , more blessed are those who feel it and live it .
Thanks so much to all the staff of Graphicmania .
net for the continuous support to digital art .
This article is no longer maintained , so its content might be out of date .
If you use Hotmail and see a blank message when trying to reply or forward a message , this can happen when you are in Hotmail 's rich text mode and the message you are responding to contains rich text elements like images .
Mozilla has contacted the Hotmail team , and they are working on fixing the issue .
In the meantime , you can work around the problem by clearing your cache before forwarding or replying to each message .
Enquete diskutiert Netzneutralität Silvio Duwe
Die eigentliche Arbeit findet aber hinter verschlossenen Türen statt
Transparenz hatte sich die Enquete Internet und digitale Gesellschaft groß auf ihre Fahne geschrieben .
Mit Liveübertragung im Internet und einem Forum sollte jeder die Arbeit der Enquete beobachten und kritisch begleiten können .
Doch ausgerechnet die Arbeitsgruppen tagen hinter verschlossenen Türen .
Der Vorsitzende der Enquete Axel Fischer , der Netzneutralität in einem Interview als Frage des Datenschutzes in Internetforen ansah , übernahm während der Sitzung lediglich die Rolle eines Moderators .
Einig waren sich die Mitglieder der Enquete darin , dass es eine Vielzahl von Definitionen des Begriffes Netzneutralität gibt .
Jimmy Schulz , Obmann der FDP in der Enquete , plädierte dafür , sich auf eine Begriffsdefinition zu einigen , die sowohl die Sichtweise der Nutzer als auch der Netzbetreiber berücksichtigt , da beide unterschiedliche Interessen hätten .
Zudem sei es wichtig herauszufinden , welche Eingriffe in das Netz stattfinden dürfen , ohne dass der Begriff Netzneutralität Schaden nimmt .
Eine Verengung der Betrachtung auf Telekommunikationsanbieter sei nicht sinnvoll , erklärte auch Alvar Freude .
Wichtig sei ein diskriminierungsfreier und transparenter Zugang zum Netz .
Für Freude bedeutet das , dass jeder Internetnutzer die gleichen Zugriffsmöglichkeiten auf Inhalte und Dienste haben sollte , sowie eine Offenlegung der von den Providern praktizierten Quality of Service ( QoS ) - Maßnahmen .
Die Frage , ob QoS - Maßnahmen , welche beispielsweise zeitkritischen Anwendungen wie Internettelefonie eine erhöhte Priorität in der Datenübertragung zuweisen können , um Übertragungsstörungen zu vermeiden , überhaupt als Diskriminierung gelten können , blieb hingegen strittig .
Während Wolf Osthaus von der 1&1 Internet AG betonte , dass beispielsweise Onlinespieler sogar froh seien , wenn ihre Anwendungen priorisiert würde , sprach sich padeluun dafür aus , Internet nur als vollwertiges Angebot ohne Einschränkungen bereitzustellen .
Er befürchtet , dass das Netz sonst zur „ Deppenbespaßung “ verkommen würde .
Eine Kompromissposition vertrat Alvar Freude , der sich für ein vom User abschaltbares QoS aussprach .
Nutzer , die Spam - Mails nicht vom Provider filtern lassen , sondern dies selbst machen wollen , sollten die Möglichkeit dazu haben , so Freude .
Ähnlich argumentierte auch Konstantin von Notz ( Grüne ) .
Dass in der Frage der Netzneutralität derzeit überhaupt Handlungsbedarf besteht , war innerhalb der Enquete umstritten .
Peter Tauber ( CDU ) betonte zwar , dass alle Internetnutzer einen gleichberechtigten Zugang zum Internet haben sollten , jedoch vertraut er dabei auf „ die Kräfte des Marktes “ .
Auch Hubertus Gersdorf , der von den Liberalen in die Enquete geholt wurde , vertrat diese Ansicht .
Sebastian Blumenthal ( FDP ) erklärte , dass aufgrund des Wettbewerbs ein Anbieter von mobilem Internet bereits dazu übergegangen sei , Voice over IP in seinem Netz zu erlauben .
Bitkom - Geschäftsführer Bernhard Rohleder erklärte , diese Art der Diskriminierung sei teilweise von den Kunden gewollt , da für eingeschränkte Zugänge auch entsprechend billigere Zugänge angeboten werden könnten .
Als Beispiel führte er an , dass Kunden gern bereit seien , für höhere Bandbreiten auch höhere Gebühren zu zahlen .
Osthaus sagte , dass selbst ohne Preisvorteil viele Nutzer bereit seien , sich in geschlossene Bereiche zu begeben , und führte den Erfolg von Apple als Beispiel an .
Constanze Kurz vom Chaos Computer Club sprach sich hingegen dafür aus , Internetprovider wie Versorger zu sehen und entsprechend zu regulieren .
Es gebe monopolistische Bereiche am Markt , weshalb eine Selbstregulierung nicht zu erwarten sei , das Marktversagen sei bereits eingetreten .
Kurz sprach sich dafür aus , ein Grundrecht auf Netzneutralität einzuführen .
Auch die Verbraucherschützerin Cornelia Tausch hält den derzeitigen Wettbewerb am Markt für ungenügend , wofür sie fehlende Anbietervielfalt auf dem Land und die langen Vertragslaufzeiten von üblicherweise zwei Jahren verantwortlich macht .
Sie hält die Einführung klarer , transparenter Regeln für wichtig .
Kritik an dieser Position äußerte Christof Weinhardt .
Einige Diskriminierungsfälle müssten akzeptiert werden , zu viel Regulierung würde Innovationen und Arbeitsplätze gefährden .
Größere Einigkeit herrschte beim Problem des mangelhaften Netzausbaus in Deutschland .
Laut aktuellem Breitbandatlas des Wirtschaftsministeriums beträgt die Gesamtverfügbarkeit von Anschlüssen mit 1 Mbit /s oder mehr derzeit ungefähr 96,5 Prozent .
Netzneutralität fange nicht erst dann an , wenn man im Netz ist , sondern schon , wenn man in das Netz wolle , so der Verdi- Vorstand und stellvertretende Aufsichtsratsvorsitzende bei der Telekom , Lothar Schroeder .
Christof Weinhardt sieht im Netzausbau auch die Möglichkeit für ein neues Konjunkturprogramm .
Arbeitsgruppen tagen hinter verschlossenen
Türen
Im Anschluss an die Diskussion stellte Axel Fischer die drei neu gegründeten Arbeitsgruppen der Enquete vor , die sich mit den Themen Netzneutralität , Urheberrecht sowie Datenschutz und Persönlichkeitsrechte befassen sollen .
Für diese Themenbereiche bietet die Enquete ein Diskussionsforum an , welches bisher jedoch noch spärlich genutzt wird .
Beiträge von Enquete - Mitgliedern sind dort bisher noch gar nicht zu beobachten .
Gerade dies wäre jedoch besonders interessant , da die Arbeitsgruppen nicht öffentlich tagen – entgegen vollmundiger Ankündigungen , mit der größtmöglichen Transparenz arbeiten zu wollen .
Halina Wawzyniak bedauerte diese Mehrheitsentscheidung , der Enquete , die gegen die Stimmen der Linken gefallen sei , betonte jedoch , dass die Protokolle veröffentlicht würden .
Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger zum Urheberrecht - „ Spiegel des Fortschritts “
Während die Arbeitsgruppe Urheberrecht hinter verschlossenen Türen zusammenkam , hielt Justizministerin Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger in Berlin eine Rede zum Thema Urheberrecht , welches sie als „ Spiegel des Fortschritts “ sieht .
Ihr Ziel sei es zu erreichen , dass die Menschen auch im Netz wieder mehr Respekt vor Urheberrechten hätten , so die Ministerin .
Dabei sprach sie sich ausdrücklich gegen die Einführung einer Kulturflatrate aus , da diese eine Zwangskollektivierung von kreativen Werken darstelle .
Auch das französische Three - Strikes - Modell sei nicht der richtige Weg , da es ein tiefer Eingriff in die Kommunikationsfreiheit sei .
Zudem würden unschuldige Familienmitglieder mitbestraft .
Mit Hinblick auf die zahlreichen Beschwerden , die in ihrem Ministerium von abgemahnten Internetnutzern eingingen , erklärte Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger , dies zeige , dass die Umsetzung des Urheberrechtes so defizitär nicht sei .
Die Abmahnungen würden als ungerecht empfunden , weil sie oft unvermittelt kämen .
Dass Abmahnmissbrauch auch ein profitables Geschäftsmodell ist , erwähnt sie mit den euphemistischen Worten von „ schwarzen Schafen “ nur in einem Nebensatz .
Als Lösungsmöglichkeit sieht die Justizministerin unter anderem einen Hinweis , der bei einer Urheberrechtsverletzung automatisch auf dem Bildschirm erscheine : „ Was Du gerade tust , ist illegal “ .
Dies müsse allerdings ohne Datenerfassung und Inhaltskontrolle geschehen .
Weiterhin forderte sie eine Weiterentwicklung der Providerhaftung für Urheberrechtsverstöße .
Auch One - Click - Webhoster seien „ nicht die kreativen Webangebote , die wir uns wünschen “ , so die Ministerin .
Die Enquete - Kommission , die der „ parlamentsinternen Politikberatung “ dienen soll , wird wohl noch einiges zu tun haben .
( Silvio Duwe )
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
I have whiplash .
Ad Policy
Are children who grow up in families headed by lesbian couples not only psychologically on par with , but in fact less anxious and depressed , less aggressive and doing better in school than their counterparts in straight families ?
( Gawker ’s take : “ The Secret to Having the Perfect Child : Be a Lesbian . ” )
Or are lesbians ’ kids set up for a lifetime of therapy by the fact that they do n’t know who supplied half of their genetic material ?
Last week , the journal Pediatrics published the first longitudinal study of children conceived by donor insemination in planned lesbian families ( that is , not raised by a lesbian couple after a straight marriage broke up ) .
Researcher Nanette Gartell has been studying seventy - eight kids of lesbian couples since 1986 ; the children were conceived with by known , not - yet - known and permanently unknown donors , and include a families whose mothers stayed together and whose mothers separated ( 56 percent ) .
Gantrell ’s findings are conclusive : “ the 17 - year - old daughters and sons of lesbian mothers were rated significantly higher in social , school / academic , and total competence and significantly lower in social problems , rule - breaking , aggressive , and externalizing problem behavior than their age - matched counterparts . ”
She chalks up some of better social adjustment to the disciplinary styles employed by mothers in the study : they used “ verbal limit - setting ” to discipline , and were less likely to use corporal punishment and “ power assertion ” than heterosexual fathers .
And among the couples that split , 71 percent shared custody , a much higher percentage than among divorced straight couples .
Just a few days later , Slate ’s Double X blog produced this gem : “ The Sperm Donor Kids Are Not Really All Right . ”
Researchers Karen Clark and Elizabeth Marquardt , authors of a new study called “ My Daddy ’s Name Is Donor ” and of the piece itself , wrung their hands over a host of purported emotional harms done to kids who are conceived through donor insemination .
They sprinkle statistics — “ donor offspring are more likely than the adopted to have struggled with addiction and delinquency and , similar to the adopted , a significant number have confronted depression or other mental illness ” — with laments from donor - conceived adults :
“ My existence owed almost nothing to the serendipitous nature of normal human reproduction , where babies are the natural progression of mutually fulfilling adult relationships , but rather represented a verbal contract , a financial transaction and a cold , clinical harnessing of medical technology , ” British author Christine Whipp told them .
Clark and Marquardt dramatically conclude that donor - conceived children “ have , like everyone else , a biological father and mother , two people whose very beings are found in the child ’s own body and seen in his or her own image reflected in the mirror . ”
How could this possibly square with Gantrell ’s research ?
The Marquardt / Clark study features almost eighty pages of cherry - picked statistics and anecdotes before presenting the unqualified data , but once it does , even the leading study questions ( “ It bothers me that money was exchanged to conceive me ” and “ When I see friends with their biological mothers and fathers , it makes me sad ” ) often result in only half the respondents — often more than half — somewhat or strongly disagreeing .
Only 8 percent feel like a “ freak of nature ” or a “ lab experiment ” and 26 percent feel “ special . ” Julie Shapiro , a family law professor at the Seattle University School of Law , offers some thoughts about how social stigmatization , not intra-family dysfunction , can contribute to the self - concept of the respondents who report negative feelings about their identity .
But in the bigger picture , there ’s no way the two studies can be reconciled — or should be .
Looking at the origin story for Clark and Marquardt ’s research offers clues as to why .
“ My Daddy ’s Name Is Donor ” was n’t published in an academic journal — it was funded and self - published by the Institute for American Values .
( Pediatrics , which published the “ US Longitudinal Lesbian Family Study , ” is the journal of the American Academy of Pediatrics . )
Key figures at the Institute for American Values include Maggie Gallagher and David Blankenhorn ; Blankenhorn , who founded IAV , testified for the defense in Perry v. Schwarzenegger , the California case putting the anti-gay Proposition 8 on trial , while Gallagher ’s National Organization for Marriage was a key organization fighting for the voter repeal of California ’s expansion of marriage rights to same - sex couples .
In his testimony , Blankenhorn even admitted that marriage would be good for families headed by same - sex couples — for the 270,313 kids in those families — but argued that they still should n’t have access to it .
In other words , the leadership of the organization that funded " My Daddy ’s Name " makes a living fighting against marriage rights for same - sex couples , even though they acknowledge those right would benefit those couples ’ kids .
Should research they fund on non-traditional families be trusted to accurately speak to the emotional well - being children raised by those families ?
When the Pediatrics study appeared , family law professor Nancy Polikoff bemoaned the fact that empirical research showing that gay couples raise children as well or better than straight couples do probably wo n’t change anyone ’s mind about the legitimacy and equality of gay families .
But unfortunately , bunk research like the Clark - Marquardt study is n’t inconsequential .
Ross Douthat ’s approving column on the study is n’t the worst of it : antigay organizations regularly cite studies by right - wing think tanks in their amicus briefs ; what ’s cited in amicus briefs ends up in court decisions .
Let ’s hope Gantrell and other researchers who study same - sex families do n’t stop now .
Peer - reviewed research may not win hearts and minds , but it can convince heads — and sometimes hearts can follow .
OAKLAND , Calif . – Steve Lipton worked as a plumber for over 25 years – the last 16 with the same employer ; the last eight as a general foreman .
And then one day in January 2009 , he was abruptly laid off .
Though he has searched for work through every available avenue , Lipton said , he has found nothing .
“ Now I depend on unemployment benefits and the generosity of my faith community , to support my household , ” he told elected officials , city workers and members of the faith - based Oakland Community Organizations ( OCO ) who gathered at City Hall June 3 to urge support for H.R. 4812 , the Local Jobs for America Act .
As he and other displaced workers face the end of unemployment benefits and COBRA health coverage extensions , Lipton said , Oakland and other cities are caught up in a vicious cycle of budget deficits , layoffs , revenue shortfalls and service cuts .
“ I believe the Local Jobs for America Act is the answer , ” he said .
“ We need H.R. 4812 to keep our families and our city afloat , because only in a functional city can residents thrive , businesses grow and new employees be hired .
That ’s the light at the end of my tunnel . ”
H.R. 4812 , introduced in the House of Representatives by Rep. George Miller , D - Calif. , would provide $ 100 billion to local governments , community - based organizations and states to save and create local jobs , to hire and retain firefighters and police , to help states support education jobs and to fund on - the - job private sector training positions .
The measure now has 161 co-sponsors , and is backed by all San Francisco Bay Area House members .
Senator Sherrod Brown , D - Ohio , has announced he will introduce a companion bill in the Senate .
OCO leader Rev. George Cummings pointed out that like many cities across the country , Oakland ’s unemployment far exceeds the national average of 10 percent .
“ In East Oakland the figure is 18 percent and among African American men and women that figure is closer to 30 percent , ” he said .
If H.R. 4812 passes , Oakland Mayor Ronald Dellums told the crowd , the $ 133 million Oakland would receive over two years would let the city keep and rehire workers , and would let community - based organizations hire staff to provide services .
House Republicans and conservative Democrats say the bill will contribute to the deficit , Dellums said .
“ Well , we know that when you want to spend money , you can step around the deficit .
When you choose not to want to spend money , you use the deficit as an excuse , ” he added , noting that the issue did n’t arise when Congress voted to bail out Wall Street .
While President Obama has highlighted the need for jobs , Dellums said , he has not yet weighed in on the bill .
“ We need to tell the White House that you need to be with us on this issue , because if you want to get to Main St. , saving the cities and towns , their services and employees , is vitally important . ”
With the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan costing over $ 1 trillion so far , added City Councilmember Jean Quan , “ We can afford to bring some of that money and start to fight the war here at home . ”
Also speaking were Councilmembers Jane Brunner and Rebecca Kaplan , city worker and union leader Andrea Turner , and Tyrone Jackson , an emancipated foster youth and college student , who told the crowd , “ A job would change my life so I can provide instead of always receiving . ”
Rally organizers called on participants to urge Senators Barbara Boxer and Dianne Feinstein to support the Senate companion bill , and to ask family and friends around the country to help build support for the measures in their areas .
Photo : Marilyn Bechtel
Good news : all three wasteful border amendments voted on in the Senate today were defeated , thanks in part to the tens of thousands of emails , phonecalls , and faxes made by concerned constituents .
Via Reform Immigration for America :
First up was an amendment introduced by Senator McCain .
The amendment would have sent 6,000 National Guardsmen to the southern border .
This would have come a day after the White House agreed to send 1,200 troops to the border , but do nothing towards reforming our broken system .
Federal law enforcement agencies are the real experts on border security and we should allow them to do their job , not the National Guard .
Next was an amendment introduced by Senator Kyl .
Rather than deal with the real issues of immigration , Kyl offered an amendment to expand the failed program Operation Streamline , throwing more money at a program that diverts crucial and limited federal judicial resources away from counter - drug and smuggling prosecutions .
Last , was an amendment introduced by Senator Cornyn .
­­­­Instead of supporting real solutions like comprehensive immigration reform , Sen . Cornyn offered an amendment to provide a mind - blowing $ 1,985,540,000 total in additional funding for enforcement - only operations that have been proven to be both ineffective and avoid any real solutions on the issue .
There were over 30,000 phone calls and faxes asking Senators to vote “ NO ” on these misguided amendments .
Thanks to this pressure , there was no more additional money wasted on bad policies that do nothing to advance our fight for immigration reform .
Some of the more interesting votes :
On the Senator McCain ’s amendment ( 4214 ) , there was one Republican who voted down the bill : Senator Voinovich ( R - OH ) .
The list of Democrats who went for McCain ’s policy are : Senator Boxer ( D - CA ) , Senator Feinstein ( D - CA ) , Senator Nelson ( D - NE ) , Senator Webb ( D - VA ) , McCaskill ( D - MO ) , Senator Bayh ( D - IN ) , Senator Lincoln ( D - AR ) , Senator Pryor ( D - AR ) , Senator Bennet ( D - CO ) , Senator Nelson ( D - FL ) , Senator Byrd ( D - WV )
On Senator Kyl ’s amendment ( 4228 ) , no Republicans unanimously supported .
These Democrats voted in favor : Senator Boxer ( D - CA ) , Senator Feinstein ( D - CA ) , Senator Landrieu ( D - LA ) , Senator Nelson ( D - NE ) , Senator Webb ( D - VA ) , Senator Wyden ( D - OR ) , Senator Merkeley ( D - OR ) , McCaskill ( D - MO ) , Senator Bayh ( D - IN ) , Senator Lincoln ( D - AR ) , Senator Pryor ( D - AR ) , Senator Begich ( D - AK ) .
On Senator Cornyn ’s amendment ( 4202 ) , Republicans unanimously supported .
These Democrats voted in favor : Senator Bayh ( D - IN ) , Seantor Feinstein ( D - CA ) , Senator Boxer ( D - CA ) , Senator Nelson ( D - NE ) , Senator Pryor ( D - AR ) , Senator Webb ( D - VA ) , Senator Baucus ( D - MT ) , Sentaor Lincoln ( D - AR ) , Senator McCaskill ( D - MO ) , Senator Klobuchar ( D - MI ) , Sentor Udall ( D - CO ) , Senator Lieberman ( D - CT ) , Senator Kohl ( D - WI ) .
Kudos to Senator Voinovich for having the guts to stand against border - only immigration policy that would have done nothing to fix our immigration crisis and wasted billions of taxpayer dollars .
Shame on the other 99 % of Republican Senators and all of the Democrats listed above .
As Senator John McCain himself said in 2007 , “ our nation ’s immigration system is broken and is badly in need of repair , but without comprehensive immigration reform , it is a fact that our nation ’s security will remain vulnerable , ” and , “ The most effective border protection tool we have is establishing a legal channel for workers to enter the United States after they have passed background checks and have secured employment . ”
Amazing Photo Manipulation Art To Blow Your Mind Away
Advertisement
Designers are always found new ways to show their creativity in new techniques and trends .
Photo manipulation is an art that requires a lot of efforts and professionalism .
Those designer converted its ideas and remarks on their photo manipulation art .
This presentation shows an amazing collection of photo manipulation art various topics , like photography , ads , Objects , illustrations , digital art , and other stunning concepts .
Hopefully , everybody loves and find something interesting in it .
Here are 35 Amazing And Mind Blowing Photo Manipulation
Today , Mozilla is happy to release Firefox 3.6.4 , the latest security and stability release for Firefox , used by nearly 400 million people around the world to browse the Web .
This release provides crash protection for Windows and Linux users by isolating third - party plugins when they crash .
Results from our beta testing show Firefox 3.6.4 will significantly reduce the number of Firefox crashes experienced by users who are watching online videos or playing games .
When a plugin crashes or freezes while using Firefox , users can enjoy uninterrupted browsing by simply refreshing the page .
Mozilla recognizes that third - party plugins provide important functionality in many of today ’s websites .
At the same time , plugins can lead to problems for users as they browse .
With the ability to automatically alert users when they have out of date plugins , and now crash protection , Firefox 3.6.4 allows users to experience all the content they love without any of the hassles .
( If you ’re not running Firefox , Mozilla recommends that you make a habit of visiting the Plugin Check page to keep your plugins up to date . )
At this time Firefox offers crash protection for Adobe Flash , Apple Quicktime and Microsoft Silverlight on Windows and Linux computers .
Support for other plugins and operating systems will become available in a future Firefox release .
All Firefox users are encouraged to upgrade for free by using the “ Check for Updates ” function in the Help menu , or by visiting www.firefox.com.
For more information , please visit :
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
June 26th , 2010
This is a decent article , but I ’m not sure what to take away from it .
I was reading the article mainly to see what all the fuss was about ; the dramatic summoning of McChrystal to the White House , the resignation , the media obsessed with talk of insubordination , etc .
The comments that were critical of the Obama regime ( which seemed like drunk talk among a bunch of maniacs ) did n’t even register with me as I took in the wider picture of the catastrophic boondoggle in Afghanistan .
But is it really a catastrophic boondoggle ?
Here ’s the most important sentence in the piece below : “ The very people that COIN seeks to win over – the Afghan people – do not want us there . ”
Take any class in Small Wars 101 and you will learn that the U.S. has no chance for “ victory ” in Afghanistan , in any common sense interpretation of the term .
So , check your so - called normal sensibilities at the door .
There are , however , a few metrics by which “ victory ” for the U.S. in Afghanistan may be measured .
First of all , the fact that mayhem continues is a victory for the corporations that profit from the absurd war - related contracts .
There ’s the unknown billions of heroin related dollars that are generated from covert operations in Afghanistan .
The transformation of Afghanistan into a narcostate is a victory for black money operators .
Ultimately , victory will mean that Afghanistan becomes pacified in a manner that facilities effortless corporate rape .
The purpose of the U.S. military is to tie the victim down .
Then , the people in the suits step into the room …
What did you guys take from this McChrystal spectacle , if anything ?
Via : Rolling Stone :
“ The entire COIN strategy is a fraud perpetuated on the American people , ” says Douglas Macgregor , a retired colonel and leading critic of counterinsurgency who attended West Point with McChrystal .
“ The idea that we are going to spend a trillion dollars to reshape the culture of the Islamic world is utter nonsense . ”
…
Spending hundreds of billions of dollars on the fifth - poorest country on earth has failed to win over the civilian population , whose attitude toward U.S. troops ranges from intensely wary to openly hostile .
The biggest military operation of the year – a ferocious offensive that began in February to retake the southern town of Marja – continues to drag on , prompting McChrystal himself to refer to it as a “ bleeding ulcer . ”
In June , Afghanistan officially outpaced Vietnam as the longest war in American history – and Obama has quietly begun to back away from the deadline he set for withdrawing U.S. troops in July of next year .
The president finds himself stuck in something even more insane than a quagmire : a quagmire he knowingly walked into , even though it ’s precisely the kind of gigantic , mind - numbing , multigenerational nation - building project he explicitly said he did n’t want .
Even those who support McChrystal and his strategy of counterinsurgency know that whatever the general manages to accomplish in Afghanistan , it ’s going to look more like Vietnam than Desert Storm .
“ It ’s not going to look like a win , smell like a win or taste like a win , ” says Maj.
Gen. Bill Mayville , who serves as chief of operations for McChrystal .
“ This is going to end in an argument . ”
…
After Cpl. Pat Tillman , the former - NFL - star - turned - Ranger , was accidentally killed by his own troops in Afghanistan in April 2004 , McChrystal took an active role in creating the impression that Tillman had died at the hands of Taliban fighters .
He signed off on a falsified recommendation for a Silver Star that suggested Tillman had been killed by enemy fire .
( McChrystal would later claim he did n’t read the recommendation closely enough – a strange excuse for a commander known for his laserlike attention to minute details . )
A week later , McChrystal sent a memo up the chain of command , specifically warning that President Bush should avoid mentioning the cause of Tillman ’s death .
“ If the circumstances of Corporal Tillman ’s death become public , ” he wrote , it could cause “ public embarrassment ” for the president .
“ The false narrative , which McChrystal clearly helped construct , diminished Pat ’s true actions , ” wrote Tillman ’s mother , Mary , in her book Boots on the Ground by Dusk .
McChrystal got away with it , she added , because he was the “ golden boy ” of Rumsfeld and Bush , who loved his willingness to get things done , even if it included bending the rules or skipping the chain of command .
Nine days after Tillman ’s death , McChrystal
was promoted to major general .
…
“ They are trying to manipulate perceptions because there is no definition of victory – because victory is not even defined or recognizable , ” says Celeste Ward , a senior defense analyst at the RAND Corporation who served as a political adviser to U.S. commanders in Iraq in 2006 .
“ That ’s the game we ’re in right now .
What we need , for strategic purposes , is to create the perception that we did n’t get run off .
The facts on the ground are not great , and are not going to become great in the near future . ”
…
The very people that COIN seeks to win over – the Afghan people – do not want us there .
Photographer Paula Longshore captured these expressive images of mother koala ' Colliet ' with her six - month - old joey at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo 's Gum Leaf Hideout yesterday .
Koala moms like Colliet bear one young every two years and may even adopt abandoned babies .
* Want to win a fancy art print of this comic ?
Read on !*
Every now and then , in between the more zany strips , I ’m going to illustrate my favorite moments from LOST .
Jack and Locke staring down the hatch is totally one of those .
Let ’s kick this mini-series off with a CONTEST !
I am giving away a wicked full - color art print of this comic on beautiful velvet cotton rag paper .
To participate is easy !
Just leave a comment on this comic .
After a week , on Wednesday June 30 , I ’ll literally put all the comments in a hat and randomly draw one .
If i draw your name you win !
See .
Easy right ?
So get commenting !
Of course you can also buy a print of this or any of the LOST comics .
And for every print sold I will plant a tree .
No really !
P.S. Multiple comments are awesome , but will only be counted once .
International friends are welcome , too !
UPDATE ! ( 6/24 ) Thanks SO much everyone !!
Reading your comments is amazing .
I love you all !
Maybe we should make this contest a reoccurring thing !
I ’m down if you are .
To answer some of the questions that have come in …
The deadline for the contest is the moment the next comic goes up , which is next Wednesday .
So until then keep them coming !
I will post the lucky winner here on the blog and get in touch over email .
If you ’re not following the RSS or Twitter already now is a great time to start !
Today I found out what causes the pain in your side you may occasionally feel while running or doing other jarring activities .
This pain , known often as “ side stitch ” and more technically as “ exercise related transient abdominal pain ” ( ETAP ) , often occurs while running , swimming , and horse riding , among others ; it is caused by various stresses on your diaphragm that result in strain on the ligaments connected to your diaphragm , as well as spasms or cramps in the diaphragm itself .
These strained ligaments and cramps in turn cause the sharp pain you feel in your side .
So what ’s actually going on here ?
When you inhale , your diaphragm goes downward and contracts , when you exhale , your diaphragm rises and relaxes .
Now consider what ’s happening when you run , for instance .
You are bouncing up and down while in turn breathing in and out .
It turns out that most people naturally time their exhale with one of their feet striking the ground .
When their foot strikes the ground , their organs are going down while their diaphragm is going up .
This puts quite a bit of strain on the ligaments that are connected between the diaphragm and the various organs connected to it , such as your liver and stomach .
Over time , this can cause pain due to strain on the ligaments and can also contribute to spasms in the diaphragm itself .
Further complicating this latter issue of spasms is that , while this is all going on , your diaphragm will typically be getting less oxygen than normal , particularly for people who are out of shape .
This has a twofold affect .
First , muscles , such as the diaphragm , that are starved for oxygen will have a tendency to cramp more easily .
The second effect is that , when you are out of breath , you will typically take shallow , quick breaths .
When this is happening , your diaphragm is never really getting a chance to relax fully , rather staying somewhat flexed .
This further exacerbates the problem with your ligaments , while also further starving the diaphragm of oxygen from constant flexing .
Now that you know what causes side stitches , here are some great ways to prevent and get rid of them when they happen :
Work those abs .
Stronger abdominal muscles will do a better job of limiting the jarring on your internal organs and thus limiting the strain on the ligaments connected to the diaphragm .
Avoid taking shallow , quick breaths .
Breathe deeply and methodically while you are doing a jarring exercise .
As noted , most people exhale as they land on one foot or the other .
It turns out , about 70 % of people exhale when they land on their left foot rather than their right .
This is a good thing and will help prevent side stitches .
When you exhale when landing on your right foot , it particularly causes extra strain on the ligaments between the liver and diaphragm , as well as added friction between the two .
This is why most side stitches occur on the right side rather than the left .
Thus , if you are in a race and you ca n’t stop just because of a side stitch , focus on exhaling when your left foot lands , instead of your right , as well as taking deep methodical breaths , rather than short quick ones as noted above .
If , in this “ ca n’t stop ” case , you have a very rare left side stitch , focus on exhaling when your right foot strikes the ground until the side stitch goes away .
Stretching will also help reduce the likelihood and help get rid of side stitches .
Before running or doing some other jarring activity , warm up then do various abdominal stretches .
If you already have a side stitch , try doing this simple stretching exercise while walking .
Reach towards the sky as you inhale and let your arms slowly fall as you exhale .
This will help relieve some of the tension in your diaphragm and help get rid of the side stitch .
An alternative to the “ reach for the sky ” method is to press your fingers deeply into the area the pain is coming from and massage the area firmly while deeply breathing .
This should accelerate the demise of the side stitch .
Another preventative method is to avoid eating much of anything two or three hours before doing the jarring activity .
An empty stomach takes up less room in your abdomen and is also lighter .
Both of these things will help reduce the strain on the ligaments between the diaphragm and the stomach .
As an added bonus , an empty stomach will also help you burn fat faster .
Once your body runs dry of its readily available fuel stored in your muscles ( glucose ) and then liver ( glycogen ) , it will look to your stomach for some makings of glucose ( simple and complex carbohydrates ) .
If the stomach is empty or otherwise lacks what your body needs there , it will switch gears and start getting what it needs from your body ’s stored fat .
Whether getting what it needs to make glucose from the contents of your stomach or from fat , you ’ll feel this kick in when you get your “ second wind ” .
Bonus Facts :
Appendicitis can sometimes feel a bit like a side stitch , in the early stages .
If you find you have a “ side stitch ” that sticks around for more than a few minutes after a side stitch normally should have gone away , you may want to go get that checked out to make sure you are n’t having appendix problems .
If your side stitch spreads all the way up to your shoulder , you may not have a typical side stitch at all ; you may be having a “ mild ” heart attack .
About 70 % of regular runners report experiencing side stitch at least once a year .
For those who do n’t know , a “ thoracic diaphragm ” or more typically just “ diaphragm ” is an internal muscle that extends across the bottom of your rib cage .
It has a few functions ; one of which is it separates your lungs , heart , and ribs from your abdominal cavity .
In humans , the diaphragm is also extremely important in breathing , as well as important in aiding in defecating , urinating , and vomiting ; all of these by increasing abdominal pressure .
It also helps in preventing acid reflux by exerting pressure on the esophagus .
Expand for References :
A Houston inventor whose medical device turns out to have more market value as an adult novelty item was in federal court on Friday fighting against what he claims are sex toy knockoffs .
“ Our business took a major detour when men started using our prostate massager for recreational purposes , ” said Amy Sung , executive director of High Island Health , a Houston company named for a translation of her inventor father Jiro Takashima 's Japanese name .
The product in question is called a Pro-State massager on the company 's white and blue - hued medical website , which features a happy - looking , fully dressed middle - aged couple and promises better health .
Massager starter kits start out at $ 78.50 .
The massager is also called Aneros on the company 's red and black - colored adult novelty website , which features younger naked people and promises great orgasms .
That starter kit goes for $ 49.95 .
British company sued
Sung said once they realized in around 2003 that the product was selling more as a toy than for medicinal purposes she started advertising it to both markets , despite her father 's initial reluctance .
One of their slogans is , “ The sex toy that 's good for you . ”
Takashima and High Island have sued British company Libertybelle Marketing , also known as Pleasure2Me , and others claiming infringement of the 1998 patent of the plastic massager designed to massage a man 's prostate without the use of electrical power .
The design was intended to relieve fluid congestion , but it apparently does more than that for some .
“ We started getting calls from men saying things like ... ‘ I can last longer in bed , ' and asking if that was normal , ” Sung said .
She said she now attends conventions both for medical devices , where their booth often brings randy comments , and the adult novelty industry , where the jokes are fewer and the purchasing interest higher .
She said they are often the most popular booth at some medical conventions and rock stars at adult novelty shows .
Her father came up with the product , and some other medical devices he 's invented , after a Japanese urologist told him years ago that prostate problems were more common among Americans , Sung said .
She said her father 's knowledge of how an engine works may have helped him develop this massager that works with muscle contractions .
“ Even though the engine work was more challenging , the prostate massager has to be my favorite invention because it's been a greater help to everyone , ” Sung translated for her father , who speaks only Japanese .
She said he 's in court because he feels the copies have cheapened his work and also might be dangerous because they are n't carefully crafted .
Patent questioned
Houston lawyer Charles Rogers was in court Friday defending Libertybelle and others by attacking in preliminary motions whether Takashima 's patent was ever properly approved and ever specific enough to be patentable .
Rogers said his clients have not infringed on Takashima 's work in any way .
U.S. District Judge Lynn Hughes has yet to decide on the motions that could stop the case in its tracks or send it on to trial .
Even in the austere quiet of the high - ceiling wood - paneled courtroom with its leather chairs and straight - backed occupants , Rogers did make one tiny joke about the subject when he said : “ I do n't have an expert to rebut that claim .
No pun intended , ” to the judge .
Sung said that her father 's hemorrhoid massager also was developed for medicinal purposes yet took off in sales as a sex toy .
mary.flood@chron.com
Monterrey | Martes 04 de mayo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
22:37
Un helic�ptero se incendi� luego de desplomarse de una altura de unos dos metros , antes de aterrizar en el helipuerto Casa Verde , del municipio de San Pedro Garza Garc�a , reportaron autoridades locales .
De acuerdo con los primeros informes , el capit�n de la aeronave biplaza , identificado como Jaime Paez , se encontraba realizando pruebas luego de unas reparaciones , cuando al momento del aterrizaje la unidad present� una p�rdida de potencia , proyect�ndose a tierra desde unos dos metros de altura .
Personal de Protecci�n Civil del citado municipio refiri� que en el lugar del accidente no se presentaron personas heridas , sin embargo , el helic�ptero se consumi� en su totalidad en la conflagraci�n .
Personal de Bomberos de Nuevo Le�n acudi� al lugar del accidente , sin embargo , elementos del helipuerto ya ten�an bajo control el fuego .
fml
[ Photo ]
This photo of a “ frivolous and reckless ” Santa Monica cyclist courtesy of Bike by the Sea
Shawn Micallef recently wrote an article on the Spacing .
ca Toronto blog where he argues that anyone who wants better bicycle infrastructure in Toronto should wear a helmet if they expect to be taken seriously .
Micallef claims that anyone who does n’t wear a helmet appears to be “ frivolous and reckless ” and he feels that people do n’t have the right to argue for safer infrastructure while “ not practicing helmet wearing ” .
I would gladly wear a helmet if it resulted in a utopian bike network modeled after the Netherlands or Copenhagen .
But it does n’t work like that Shawn .
Focusing on the helmet issue ignores the real issues and only serves to divide non-helmeted and helmeted riders .
Shawn shot back at me on twitter by saying “ A huge amount of cyclists are already alienated by anti-helmet rhetoric .
There is no community to divide ” .
That could n’t be further from the truth .
I do n’t know anyone who chastises helmeted riders the way Shawn has chastised non-helmeted folks .
I CHOOSE not to wear a helmet , and I take no issue with people who CHOOSE to wear a helmet .
My “ agenda ” is to get more people on bikes , and that includes both helmeted and non-helmeted riders alike .
Arguing that someone who does n’t wear a helmet does n’t deserve safe infrastructure is analogous to saying that pedestrians who do n’t wear helmets do n’t deserve sidewalks .
More pedestrians die from head injuries every year than cyclists in Toronto .
In fact , only 1 or 2 cyclists die every year in Toronto , while 20 - 30 pedestrians die each year .
It ’s also important to note that the countries that have the lowest cycling fatality rate are the countries where virtually nobody wears helmets .
There ’s a reason for that .
Micallef ’s response ?
“ Canada was , in part , founded by people escaping European culture , so let ’s not revert ” .
Okay , so we do n’t want European - style bicycle infrastructure , and our solution to safety lies within a plastic + foam bucket ?
[ Photo ]
Another rogue and dangerous cyclist in Amsterdam courtesy of mayhem .
Who on earth would ever want Toronto to revert back to this ?
A significant number of motorists die every year from head injuries .
Should n’t drivers also be required to wear helmets to increase their safety ?
Maybe we should n’t give drivers any road space until they start taking their own safety into consideration .
Let ’s look at an interesting analogy by a commenter on a previous Spacing pro-helmet article :
If cars were forced to drive in the sides of lanes that were exclusively for big rigs , and motorists kept dying in car / big rig collisions .
Now , if there was legislation put through for drivers safety that mandated that drivers wore helmets , what would be the reaction of the driving community ?
Would it be to debate whether or not helmets provided adequate safety for drivers , looking at data from different cities ?
Or would it be to challenge the legislation because it does n’t address the issue that drivers are forced to drive in unsafe circumstances that lead to collisions .
The point here is that riding a bike is inherently safe .
If people are dying at the hands of 1 + tonne automobiles , then let ’s make changes to make it safer .
There is a plethora of measures we could take to improve safety – better bike infrastructure , police enforcement , modified legislation to protect vulnerable road users , lower speed limits on our city streets , restricted right turns on red lights , driver education , etc .
Let ’s not forget that it is automobiles that are causing all of these pedestrian and cyclist deaths .
If we can acknowledge this first , then we can find solutions to fix it .
Throwing helmets on pedestrians does n’t get to the root of the problem , nor does throwing helmets on cyclists .
Micallef also seems to think that if cyclists obey all the rules of the road , they will win the hearts and minds of motorists and earn respect and their place on the road – and thus earn our “ utopian ” bicycle infrastructure .
To be honest , I used to share a similar sentiment .
But I now believe that it does n’t matter what cyclists do – there will always be drivers who do n’t want us there .
Whether you wear a helmet or not , some drivers will always pass too closely .
If you make a complete stop at a stop sign , a driver behind you will be angry because you are delaying him .
If you roll through the stop sign , another driver will say cyclists do n’t “ obey the law ” .
If you jump ahead at an intersection before the light turns green to give more space , someone will accuse you of running a red .
If you sit and wait for the green , they will be frustrated that they have to pass you with very little space .
I can agree with Micallef on one item – cyclists and drivers need to better accept each other ’s coexistence .
I ride without a helmet , but I ride cautiously , safely and respectfully .
The day I accept that cyclists have no right to the road without wearing a helmet is the day I am no longer on this earth .
James D. Schwartz is the editor of The Urban Country .
You can contact James at james.schwartz@theurbancountry.com .
Related :
In the year since the Museum of Art and Design reopened in its new digs on Columbus Circle , they ’ve been delivering consistently compelling shows –from punk - rock lace to radical knitting experiments .
The newest , “ Slash : Paper Under the Knife ” , opened last weekend and runs through April 4 , 2010 .
The focus is paper–and the way contemporary artists have used paper itself as a medium , whether by cutting , tearing , burning , or shredding .
In all , the show features 50 artists and a dozen installations made just for the show , including Andreas Kocks ’s Paperwork # 701G ( in the Beginning ) , seen above .
Here ’s a sampling of the other works on display :
Mia Pearlman ’s Eddy :
Ferry Staverman , A Space Odesey :
Mr Khashoggi said he was resigning for the good of the newspaper A leading Saudi Arabian journalist has resigned from his post as editor - in - chief of one of the country 's more progressive newspapers .
Jamal Khashoggi was editor of al - Watan which published an opinion piece questioning Salafism , a form of Islam at the heart of the Saudi state .
There is speculation that Mr Khashoggi had been forced to resign .
Mr Khashoggi had clashed with the authorities before with articles on the religious police and women 's rights .
' Questioning faith '
The resignation was said to have come as a shock to staff at the newspaper .
We may question social issues like women 's rights , but we should not have allowed an article to question the essence of faith
Jamal Khashoggi
The opinion piece by Saudi poet Ibrahim al - Almaee criticised Salafism , a conservative school of Sunni Islam that draws inspiration from the practices of the earliest Muslims .
Saudi Arabia is governed under an austere form of Salafi Islam , Wahabbism .
Salafi Muslims reject popular religious traditions such as the veneration of important Islamic figures and shrines connected to them .
" We believe in al - Watan newspaper , and we believe in reform , " Mr Khashoggi said after resigning .
" The newspaper is more important than I am , and I hope it will continue .
We may question social issues like women 's rights , but we should not have allowed an article to question the essence of faith . "
He said he was abroad when the decision was made to publish the article , and he did not agree with the points made by Mr Almaee .
In 2003 Mr Khashoggi was dismissed from al - Watan for criticising a 14th Century Muslim theologian , but returned to the newspaper in 2007 .
Mr Khashoggi will keep his position on the editorial board of the paper , and said he would continue to write in support of reform .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cooking is a serious and competitive business and professional cooking schools can have the air of military camps where fear and strict order dominate .
Nothing wrong with that in the world of celebrity chefs , fame and Michelin stars .
But for the rest of us , cooking is either a fun and enjoyable creative endeavour or a boring daily necessity best avoided at all costs .
Many consumer - facing cooking schools , sensing a growing market niche , are offering relaxed , fun classes in cool surroundings that do n’t intimidate the participants .
The all - female Japanese ABC Cooking Studio has more than 125 casual cooking studios in Japan , Hong Kong and China .
High - stakes chefs train elsewhere , but ordinary women who love sophisticated cooking in a happy , relaxed atmosphere flock to ABC whose studios draw more than 250,000 participants per year .
Their latest location , in Huangpu , Shanghai , China , is a new take on their already relaxed approach to cooking .
Designed by Prism Design under the direction of Reiji Kobayashi , the new studio is all white , soft and friendly .
Black ceilings , light wood accents and white main features keep the studio ’s ambiance clean and professional , avoiding the all - so - common trap of too cute that would have opened up with the introduction of pink , baby blue or yellow .
You can relax now and forget all of your bad memories ( should you have any … ) of drab and dreary home economics classes because the newest cooking schools are cool .
It is true that The Culinary Art School in Tijuana , Mexico is not of the high - school variety – it is for serious chefs with high aspirations – but it oozes a new , cool confidence that could potentially turn even the most nonchalant teenager into a passionate chef .
The elegant use of wood is the key attribute in The Culinary Art School .
Its new building was designed by San Diego , California - based Jorge Gracia Arquitecto whose founder , Jorge Gracia , was born in Tijuana in 1973 .
The entire school complex carries an air of strict order , almost an ascetic solemnity .
If you did n’t notice the stoves or wine racks , you could mistake this for a place of religious study .
And , passionate chefs certainly express a fervour for food , ingredients and cooking that could be likened to religious zeal .
It is easy to imagine how the colours , textures and aromas of various ingredients stand out in this kind of environment .
It is like a stage for culinary creation or like a frame for gastronomic artwork .
Also in the category of cool cooking schools is the Sydney Seafood School established in 1989 and completely refurbished for its 20th anniversary .
It conducts cooking classes for all skill levels and draws more than 12,000 students annually .
Words such as handsome and sexy come to mind when you look at this space , the creative work of Dreamtime Australia Design , based in Sydney , Australia .
Some time ago , we have featured Dreamtime - designed Churchill Butcher Shop in Sydney .
In Sydney Seafood School , a tactile intrigue , and a contrast between serious study and serious fun , are evident in every space .
The school ’s entry wall is a honeycombed sandstone creation by sculptor Michael Purdy .
The dark and impressive hands - on kitchen looks formidable with lots of shiny stainless steel and glass , but its gravity is lightened by chalkboard walls with ‘ fish graffiti ’ as art .
The cool auditorium ’s walls are lined with Icelandic fish leather .
In the dining room , the harbour view competes for attention with a row of fun fishnet chandeliers and their more than 6,000 little globes .
Where do we sign up ?
Tuija Seipell
The parents of 43 ultra-Orthodox girls were tonighton their way to prison for two weeks today after defying a court order over their children 's schooling that has highlighted the division between Israel 's religious and secular communities .
More than 100,000 ultra-Orthodox men marched through Jerusalem to show their support .
" They are going to jail with joy , " said Barry Dubin , 28 .
" We ultra -Orthodox parents will not cave in to the courts . "
The parents are Ashkenazi , originating from Europe , and are in a long - running battle to have their daughters educated separately from Sephardi girls originating from north Africa and the Middle East .
They reported to a police station this evening , according to a police spokesman .
The mothers and fathers were being sent to separate jails to serve their sentences .
Jerusalem 's centre was gridlocked as a result of the march .
Police were standing by in the city 's Jewish religious areas last night , the spokesman said .
The relative scale of the demonstration , for a city whose Jewish population is half a million , was enormous .
Another demonstration in Bnei Brak , near Tel Aviv , attracted thousands more .
The reason for wanting separate education , the parents claim , is not racism but a desire to remove their daughters from the influence of those they consider less strict in their religious observance .
Watching TV at home , having access to the internet , and a laxer dress code among the Sephardi ultra-Orthodox have been cited .
The ultra-Orthodox school in the illegal West Bank settlement of Immanuel segregated the girls , a move that was subject to a legal challenge resulting in an order to reintegrate .
The parents of the 43 girls refused to send them back to mixed classes , leading to sentences for contempt of court .
Underlying the case is the rejection of what the ultra-Orthodox community 's sees as state interference in their religious practice and life .
" We do n't give our girls all the knowledge that there is in the world , " said Esther Bark , 50 , a mother of seven daughters watching the male - only demonstration today .
" We shelter them , and that 's why they need a sheltered school .
We can't mix a whole assortment of girls in one school . "
As police helicopters throbbed over the mass of black - hatted demonstrators , Aaron Shuv , 28 , said : " We only follow the rules of God . The Torah [ scriptures ] is above all government . "
The issue had nothing to do with discrimination , said Dubin , a father of two .
" No court in the world should have the right to tell me how to educate my sons or daughters .
The court went against our rabbis . "
Jerusalem 's ultra-Orthodox community has swollen to a third of the Jewish population , assisted by a high birthrate and departure of thousands of secular residents .
The secular population is increasingly resentful that its taxes support welfare benefits for the ultra-Orthodox , who reject paid work in favour of religious study .
The political leverage of the ultra-Orthodox has also increased since the election resulted in a coalition dependent on the support of small religious parties .
" The ultra -Orthodox community is getting stronger and stronger , " said Yitzhak Brudny , a political scientist at Jerusalem 's Hebrew University .
" The tensions between the religious and secular communities have become especially pronounced .
It 's both a class war and a cultural war .
The ultra-Orthodox are dirt poor .
Among secular Israelis and moderate Orthodox Jews , they are seen basically as parasites .
And they have no desire to integrate with other communities . "
Secular Israelis were enraged by the ultra-Orthodox refusal to abide by the law on the schooling issue .
" For many years the culture war has hung over us like a dark cloud , like a threat , " Yossi Sarid , a former member of the Knesset , wrote in the Ha'aretz newspaper .
" Now it is happening ; the war has erupted .
The great Haredi [ ultra - Orthodox ] rebellion has begun and is raging on several fronts …
It will destroy basic values , without which a democratic , developed state cannot exist .
It will be lost unless it fights back . "
Every autumn , as predictably as falling leaves , flu season descends upon us .
Every spring , just as predictably , the season comes to a close .
This cyclical pattern , common in temperate regions , is well known , but the driving forces behind it have been in question .
Do existing strains die off each spring , only to be replaced each fall by new founding strains from other parts of the world , or does a " hidden chain of sickness " persist over the summer , seeding the next season 's epidemic ?
A genetic analysis by University of Michigan postdoctoral fellow Trevor Bedford and colleagues at U - M , Howard Hughes Medical Institute and Florida State University reveals that in the United States , not all strains of influenza die off at the end of winter ; some move southward to South America , and some migrate even farther .
The paper is scheduled to be published online May 27 in the open- access journal PLoS Pathogens .
" The prevailing view that has developed over the past three years or so is the out - of - tropics hypothesis , in which the strains that bring about each temperate flu season originate from China and Southeast Asia , where influenza A is less seasonal , " Bedford said .
He and his colleagues tested that hypothesis by analyzing genetic sequences from influenza A ( H3N2 ) viruses collected from patients around the world between 1998 and 2009 and constructing a tree showing relationships among the viruses .
The resulting mathematical model accounted for evolutionary processes and rates of migration .
" We found that although China and Southeast Asia play the largest role in the influenza A migration network , temperate regions --- particularly the USA --- also make important contributions , " Bedford said .
Rather than dying off at the end of our flu season , many strains simply move on to more favorable environments .
The results have implications for public health efforts aimed at combating the disease .
For example , the new knowledge that influenza frequently migrates out of the U.S. argues for caution in using antivirals , which can promote development of drug - resistant strains .
If , as previously thought , those strains died out at the end of the season , they would not be a problem , but their newly - discovered ability to survive and circulate means resistant strains can spread from the U.S. throughout the world .
On the flip side , the finding also means that vaccination programs outside of China and Southeast Asia can be effective in curbing influenza 's spread .
In addition , growing knowledge about patterns of flu migration eventually may make it possible to tailor vaccines to particular locations , Bedford said .
" We found , for instance , that South America gets almost all of its flu from North America .
This would suggest that rather than giving South America the same vaccine that the rest of the world gets , you could construct a vaccine preferentially from the strains that were circulating in North America the previous season .
As we gather more data from other regions , this could be done for the entire world . "
The research also can inform disease surveillance , Bedford said .
" By doing this kind of research , we get a clearer idea of where in the world flu is actually coming from .
We know that it 's mostly Southeast Asia , but now we see that it can come out of temperate regions as well , so our surveillance needs to become more global . "
Explore further FDA approves 2006 strain of flu vaccine
More information : PLoS Pathogens --- PLoS Pathogens --- www.plospathogens.org/home.action
Press Release courtesy of Amazon Watch
Houston , TX ( May 27 , 2010 ) – Chevron ’s annual shareholder meeting erupted in chaos today after CEO John Watson received a stern rebuke from shareholders for its Ecuador environmental disaster and a 71 - year - old Ecuadorian woman said the company was responsible for an environmental atrocity in the rainforest that cost her two children and was devastating the lives of thousands of people .
Chevron ’s management also seemed to panic during the meeting when they summoned the Houston police to arrest noted author and Chevron critic Antonia Juhasz when she confronted Watson over Chevron ’s environmental record .
Four other individuals – all well - known critics of the company – also were also arrested when they were refused entry despite having proxies from shareholders .
" Chevron ’s [ CEO ]
Watson lost control of the meeting and it degenerated into chaos and ended abruptly , " said Maria Ramos , an organizer with the Rainforest Action Network , a San Francisco - based group that has been campaigning against the company .
" It was obvious that Watson has very thin skin when it comes to Chevron ’s critics . "
In all , only seven of the 27 persons with proxies that were brought by the environmental groups were allowed to enter the meeting – possibly an " illegal act " that violates SEC regulations , said Ramos .
Chevron selectively enforced various proxy rules to keep critics out of the meeting , Ramos said .
" Chevron was smarting for a confrontation today and then lost its head when it happened , " said Ramos .
Others arrested were Mitch Anderson , the lead campaign coordinator against Chevron for Amazon Watch ; Han Shan , also a leading Chevron critic who works with Amazon Watch ; the Rev. Kenneth David from Richmond , California , the site of a Chevron refinery that local residents say causes pollution ; and Juan Parras , a Houston - based organizer who has confronted Chevron over pollution at its refineries in Texas .
Chevron ’s management team also suffered a humiliating rebuke when shareholders supported a resolution stemming from the Ecuador problem with a whopping 26 % of the vote representing approximately $ 38 billion in shareholder value .
( Generally , any shareholder resolution that receives 10 % support is considered a success given the opposition of management . )
The resolution , which called for the company to appoint a director with environmental expertise , was co-sponsored by the Pennsylvania State Treasury , Trillium Asset Management Corporation , and Amnesty International USA .
Risk Metrics , an influential investment advisory group , advised shareholders to support the resolution .
Marianna Jimenez , a 71 - year - old grandmother from Ecuador , stood up during the meeting and said Chevron ’s pollution had caused the deaths of two of her children .
She told Watson : " I want you to take responsibility for this crime that your company has committed in my country . "
Watson also received a direct challenge from Ramos in the meeting when he was nominated to join Chevron ’s Board .
Watson was the Chevron executive with lead responsibility for integrating Texaco into the company in 2001 .
" A particular important question for shareholders is whether Watson , as architect of the merger , adequately vetted Texaco before purchasing the company for $ 31 billion – a sum only $ 4 billion more than its current exposure in the Ecuador lawsuit , " said Ramos .
Watson responded by saying Chevron had been " richly rewarded " by its acquisition of Texaco .
Speaking in front of Chevron ’s Houston headquarters before the meeting , Ecuadorian indigenous leaders demanded that Watson stop hiding the disaster that Chevron ’s operations have caused in Ecuador .
Guillermo Grefa , from the Kichwa tribe , said : " We must not allow Chevron to continue lying to us about its contamination in the Amazon . "
Chevron has admitted to dumping at least 15 billion gallons of toxic " produced water " into the region ’s water supply when it operated an oil concession in Ecuador between 1964 and 1990 .
It also abandoned more than 900 unlined waste pits , causing an outbreak of cancer and the decimation of indigenous groups , according to evidence in trial .
" Mountains of evidence in the trial prove what the people of the Ecuadorian Amazon already know ; that Chevron is guilty of massive toxic contamination in Ecuador , " said Shan before his arrest .
" Instead of taking responsibility , Chevron is weaving an ever more complex web of deception and deceit , and it ’s time for Chevron ’s Board of Directors to put an end to it . "
Chevron General Counsel Hewitt
Pate also has come under fire for making false statements designed to mislead shareholders about the trial process in Ecuador .
Pate , a Deputy Attorney General in the Bush administration , has been criticized for not adequately disclosing the company ’s risks in Ecuador to shareholders – a fact which prompted an inquiry into Chevron ’s public disclosures last year from the New York Attorney General .
At last year ’s annual Chevron meeting , a resolution relating to Ecuador that asked the company to adopt a " verifiable " human rights policy garnered a remarkable $ 37 billion in voting shares out of the $ 133 billion outstanding .
" The entire issue of corporate compliance with human rights norms is trending heavily against Chevron , which is falling behind most of its peers in this area , " said Ramos .
He was a terrible drunk , which was why my mother left him , and the years that followed would lead him into jail and homelessness .
Child support was the least of his troubles , though from federal prison he did begin sending me letters , which he would sign “ your father . ”
Later he told me he wrote letters to everyone he knew , because stamps were free .
Image Credit ... Brian Rea
The vase - breaker Nick Flynn continued to appear in the news every few months during this period of indecision for me .
It soon came out that there was no way he could have tripped on his shoelaces , as he claimed , and taken down all three vases with him .
Each was set into a recess in the wall , and he would have had to lunge for each as he tumbled past .
One article cited a museum official announcing that Nick Flynn was banned from the museum .
He was subsequently banned from all museums in Britain .
It was odd to have this other self in the world , in the news , so obviously causing damage , to read about him showing up at the museum again , ostensibly to ask how the restoration was going , and being escorted out by the police , all at a time when I was n’t feeling especially solid myself .
This went on for a year , and if I were to run into an acquaintance or even an old friend after an article about him would appear , I ’d eventually be asked , with a grin , “ So what about those vases ? ”
It never seemed like a good idea for me to follow that up with , “ We ’re thinking of having a kid . ”
Beyond the obvious and justified fear that being a father would change everything in my life , what was my hesitation ?
At that moment my life needed change more than anything .
Though I was stalled in what I told myself was another rough patch , the difficult parts of my childhood were well behind me .
I ’d made it to the other side , worn but intact , mostly .
I decided to check back into therapy , and began meditating daily for a half - hour , something I ’d done off and on ( mostly off ) for years .
Sometimes I meditated on this other self , this other Nick Flynn , who broke things and became famous for it .
Who made up a story about tripping on shoelaces that he himself seemed to believe .
Was this my fear , that I would trip on my own shoelaces and break my daughter into a million pieces ?
And then tell a story I ’d made up about it to deflect the blame ?
Was my doppelgänger pointing a way out of the woods , or a way deeper into the darkness ?
The Gulf of Mexico oil spill is one of the worst company - created environmental disasters in history .
Water and wetlands are sullied .
People are dead .
We ’re still waiting on wildlife casualties and strange illnesses .
Amazingly , these themes are familiar .
As long as mines and factories have existed , they ’ve cut corners to save money , sprung leaks , and blown components .
Consequences have ranged from curious smells to countless human deaths .
We ’ve compiled the worst corporate environmental disasters in the world , from the mid-20th century to today .
Some of these disasters have been going on for years .
Others still have n’t been resolved .
And as long as corporations continue to slither through accountability loopholes , BP wo n’t be the epitaph to this sordid pattern .
The Niger Delta
Image : Sosialistisk Ungdom – SU / Flickr
“ Despite the country ’s oil riches , much of Nigeria ’s population suffers from fuel shortages ” , wrote a CNN reporter in 2006 after a deadly explosion at a Nigerian oil pipeline killed 200 people .
For Africa ’s biggest oil - producing region , that statement says it all .
The ongoing disaster at the Niger Delta , the US ’s fifth - biggest source of oil , almost makes the current Gulf disaster look innocent .
There have been 7,000 oil spills there between 1970 - 2000 , according to the BBC .
That ’s roughly 300 spills per year , writes Newsdesk , and “ over 13 million barrels of oil .
That ’s the equivalent of one Exxon Valdez spill every year for 40 years . ”
Explosions are frequent .
The biggest one , in 1998 , killed 1,000 people .
Yet the government has n’t gotten its claws into key perpetrator Exxon Mobile , and Nigerian people have n’t been able to land any settlements .
Poor infrastructure , next to no wealth distribution to residents , and political upheaval keep the region in constant cataclysm .
Big oil companies do n’t mind–Shell blames militants for its leaks and explosions .
As long as those hundreds of billions keep lining oligarchs ’ pockets , the Niger Delta , it seems , will remain hapless .
Bhopal
Image : Simone Ippi
“ Nobody knows how we suffered experiencing death so closely everyday … the rich and influential have wronged us .
We lost our lives and they ca n’t spend a day in jail ? ”
So said Hamidi Bi , who expressed outrage over the meager two - year sentences handed down on June 7 , 2010 , to the seven men held accountable for the 1984 Union Carbide pesticide plant accident , which released toxic gases that killed more than 5,000 residents ( activists estimate 25,000 died ) .
An estimated 500,000 residents continue to suffer from birth defects , blindness , early menopause , and a host of other debilitating conditions .
Those seven men are out on a bail and will likely never see the inside of a jail cell .
It ’s a case of passing the buck that started that day in 1984 and reverberates 25 years later .
In 1989 , Union Carbide reluctantly forked over $ 470 million in settlement .
Dow Chemical , which bought Union Carbide in 2001 , feels the legal case is resolved .
This is probably the reason
Dow continues to ignore extradition requests to produce Warren Ghoeghan , the legal case ’s “ prime suspect . ”
Amazingly , the Indian government continues to deny that any chemicals are at the site , despite evidence that chemicals are poisoning Bhopal ’s water supply .
And Dow continues its idiotic absolution of responsibility , while the Union Carbide CEO continues to hide out .
Since all the bigwigs involved in this shameful event are sitting on their haunches , check out Bhopal .
net to take citizen action .
The Gulf Oil Spill
From actors to politicians to environmentalists to fisherman and ordinary people like you and me , people are in a word , “ pissed ” about the Deep Horizon oil rig explosion .
Clearly in over their heads , British Petroleum ( BP ) is no closer to plugging the source than it was when it first occurred on Tuesday , April 20 , 2010 .
In the first days following the explosion , BP attempted to minimize the extent of the damage .
They went on record as stating that only a few gallons were leaking daily , and that every effort was being made to plug it up and end this disaster .
What BP refers to as “ a few , ” as of June 8 , 2010 , is closer to between 20 and 40,000 a day .
Actor Kevin Costner swears he has the answer , President Barack Obama continues to be “ frustrated , ” Sarah “ Caribou Barbie ” Palin somehow sees environmentalists as the blame for this disaster .
Meanwhile , the fishing industry and wildlife will be devastated for decades .
Who ’s to blame ?
The list is too long to enumerate , but what matters now is whether BP can figure out the technology to plug this thing , and fast !
Lago Agrio
Image : Luigi Ochoa / Flickr
In 1964 , Texaco started drilling in the Ecuadorian rainforest .
The company eventually exported as many as 220,000 barrels a day to the US .
During this black gold rush , the Cofan , indigenous people who drink , bathe , and fish in the Amazon , began noticing a stench coming from the water .
Texaco ’s run-off system , in which “ the pollutants come from a pool through a tube into the swamp and the swamp feeds the river from which the Cofan take their water , ” did n’t seem to be working .
Indeed , 18 billion gallons of run-off were found in the river –30 times the Exxon - Valdez spill .
Texaco defended the run-off system , saying that it was , “ within industry standards . ”
Now the Amazon Defense Front is fighting back by representing the 30,000 plaintiffs who are tired of the damage to the river , cleaning up behind Texaco , and the unusually high levels of cancer they ’ve been experiencing .
As of May 2010 , the damages sought were up to $ 27 billion .
Love Canal
In the 1940s , the Niagara Falls company Hooker Chemical began looking for a site to dump its “ increasing amounts of chemical waste . ”
The Niagara Power and Development Company gave Hooker permission to offload its toxic junk in the Love Canal , an abandoned Niagara River canal that had turned into a municipal dumping site .
For 11 years , Hooker dumped 21,800 tons of synthetics and chemical byproducts into the Love Canal site .
After Hooker stopped dumping , they covered the site with dirt .
Grass grew on top of the area , concealing the noxious chemistry set beneath .
Urban sprawl hit Niagara around the same time .
Developers tried to build a school on top of the dump .
Finding that they could n’t , they built it–and an entire suburban neighborhood–close to the area ( kids need a safe environment to grow up in , after all ) .
Nobody uttered a word about the waste until 13 years later , in the mid-1970s .
A journalist investigation found residents presenting everything from “ an alarming rate of miscarriages to tumors and birth defects . ”
After much hoopla , residents were finally “ advised ” to move , sell their homes back to the government , and pretend nothing had happened .
Hooker Chemical today is a subsidiary of US oil giant Oxy Petroleum .
In 1995 , Oxy paid Love Canal residents $ 129 million in restitution .
Minamata Bay
Image : Marufish / Flickr
In 1956 , Japan ’s Chisso Corporation was in the habit of dumping mercury into southern Japan ’s Minamata Bay .
When evidence surfaced that the mercury was giving locals neurological issues , Chisso vehemently denied wrongdoing .
They then embarked on a curious combination of PR spin and a witch hunt .
Here ’s how it worked .
Chisso referred to the infected residents as poor , ignorant , and incapable of understanding science or research .
Chisso enlisted the aid of doctors , whose pockets they lined , to back up their claims .
US photographer W. Eugene Smith did an exposé on the topic in Life Magazine , making the world and Japan ’s Supreme Court aware of the continued poisonings , cover - up and pay - offs .
Although it would be an unexpected career - ender for Smith–Chisso hired members of the Yakuza to “ settle this once and for all ” –it started a chain reaction that recently culminated in Chisso compensating victims ’ families more than $ 80 million .
Probo Koala
Image : Greenpeace
What does an oil trader do when it has a boatload of “ slops ” ?
It charters a ship , hires an independent contractor and orders the contractor to dump them in Abidjan , the Ivory Coast .
And what precisely are slops ?
That would be hydrogen sulfide , a highly poisonous gas that occurs naturally in crude petroleum .
And why would Dutch - based Trafigura dump these slops in the Ivory Coast ?
Hmmm , do you want the truth or would you prefer their spin on things ?
Let ’s take option number two .
In response to an article that appeared in The Guardian on May 14 , 2009 , Trafigura says that Compagnie Tommy , the contractor , acted on its own when it set sail to Nigeria to drop off some oil cargo , then went to neighboring Abidjan and dumped slops .
The spin goes on to deny that it ’s impossible the slops , dumped in August 2006 , could have caused the deaths it did .
It also denies that slops could have anything to do with the thousands of people who had everything from diarrhea to upper respiratory illnesses .
But Trafigura must not believe its own spin .
The company , after denying damages , suddenly agreed to settle for $ 198 million .
Ok Tedi
Image : Ok Tedi Mine CMCA Review
50,000 residents live in 120 villages , along 500 square miles of the Ok Tedi River in Papua New Guinea .
A mining company named after the river — Ok Tedi River Mining , Ltd. — has forever altered their way of life .
Ok Tedi River mining has been dumping about 90 million tons of waste per year into the river .
Australia ’s BHP , 52 % one - time owner of Ok Tedi Mine , dreamed up an ad campaign declaring the waste to be “ virtually identical ” to natural sediment .
Four years later , BHP released a statement “ regretting ” the comparison .
The residents rejected their apology , sued BHP and won $ 28.6 million .
In 1999 , BHP dissolved their ownership in Ok Tedi Mining , admitting that they were not compatible with BHP ’s environmental values .
Curiously , to this day , Ok Tedi continues dumping toxic waste into the river .
The mine will close in 2012 .
It ’s expected to take only 300 years to clean up the waste .
Esperance
Image : Halok
It ’s difficult enough to fathom that a company knowingly broke environmental laws and endangered the lives of people .
When the government turns a blind eye and is almost complicit , it ’s unconscionable .
450 miles from Perth , Australia lies the 14,500 - resident town of Esperance .
Outside of town , a mining company named Magellan Metals extracts , removes , and transports lead .
Magellan is required to transport lead within strict guidelines , so that nobody inhales or ingests it .
The West Australian Government admits to knowing two years prior to the mine ’s opening that it failed to properly load and transport lead through Esperance .
It took the death of 4,000 birds , tainted drinking water , and off - the - charts blood levels of lead in local residents to convene an inquiry .
Explaining its actions not to prosecute , officer Ann Stubs with the Department of Environment and Conservation said , “ Prosecution of the offence is not recommended as it appears not to be of a deliberate nature or to have resulted in environmental harm . ”
Pardon me while I choke .
Exxon - Valdez
Long before Deep Horizon in April 2010 there was Exxon - Valdez .
In 1989 , the Exxon - Valdez , carrying over 1.2 million barrels of oil , ran aground in an attempt to avoid glaciers as she passed through the Valdez Narrows .
257,000 barrels spilled into the narrows and several surrounding beaches .
Exxon shelled out ( no pun intended ) $ 2.1 billion , employed 10,000 people and 1,000 boats over four summers to clean up the spill .
Nobody determined exactly what caused the spill , but a drunken captain and disobedient ship ’s mate were suspected .
It ’s all semantics , though , and of little comfort to the fisherman and wildlife who have to share their environments with sludge .
An estimated 23,000 gallons remains on area beaches .
Meanwhile , the Exxon Valdez is now a Panama - registered Chinese ore carrier known as the Dong Fang Ocean .
3 Mile Island
Heard the expression “ no nukes ” ?
It came about as a result of a partial meltdown of a nuclear reactor at Three Mile Island in Middleton , PA in 1979 .
Although nobody was killed or even injured , the plant was shut down .
But this was n’t until after the usual dog and pony show .
For some unknown reason , a failure occurred in a non-nuclear section , when the main feed - water pumps ceased operating properly .
This caused a chain of events from systems shutting down to coolants failing to cool to the eventual overheating and meltdown .
Depending on who is telling the story , federal and state authorities and regulators , including the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , reacted promptly or were slow to jump into their sweats and check out the problem .
Again , depending on who you ’re talking to , either no long - term effects have been suffered by those “ in the neighborhood , ” or Non-Hodgkin ’s Lymphoma has been reported in several cases of people within a 3 - mile radius .
No pun intended .
To this day , the plant is no longer in operation .
Seveso
In 1976 , Italy - based Roche subsidiary ICMESA was going about its usual business of producing chemicals when one of its reactors released a toxic cloud .
The cloud contained roughly 6,600 lbs of chemicals , blew 164 feet into the sky and dispersed into surrounding communities , according to this Japan Times article .
Among other chemicals , the cloud released TCDD , a dioxin associated Agent Orange and Victor Yushchenko ’s poisoning , into the air .
The mass poisoning that followed started with children , who noticed lesions on their skin .
Chloracne , the dioxin - related skin disfiguration that Yushchenko is known for , also began appearing on peoples ’ faces .
When authorities finally began investigating the accident five days later , rabbits were dying in large numbers .
About 4 % of local farm animals died , and 80,000 more were killed to halt contamination , according to the Japan Times .
For years after the event , people in the Seveso region experienced hormone disruption ( an unusually high number of female babies was born during that time ) , neurological disorders , cancer , and immune disorders .
As a result of Seveso , Europe introduced new industrial safety legislation .
The Sandoz Spill
Image : rbrands / Flickr
How does a tiny fire in a pharmaceutical company ’s production plant storage room lead to toxic waste being released into the Rhine River ?
Perhaps the answer to that question lies more closely in who the big pharma company is .
Sandoz Laboratories created the hallucinogenic LSD , then marketed it under the name Delysid from 1947 to the mid 1960s .
Bearing that in mind makes it easier to see how a storage room could lead to toxic waste being released into Germany ’s Rhine River .
In 1986 , a storage room fire helped release 30 tons of herbicides , pesticides and mercury into the Rhine , killing many of the fish and contaminating water supplies along the river .
In 1996 , Sandoz merged with Ciba - Geigy to become Novartis , which today is known for refusing to give free flu vaccines to people in developing countries and losing a $ 250 million sexual discrimination suite .
Ouch .
ALOE VERA
by Gertrude Baldwin
THE BENEFITS OF THE USE OF ALOE VERA
IN HERBAL PREPARATIONS
MEDICINAL QUALITIES OF ALOE VERA
‘ tape installation ’ , odeon vienna
‘ tape installation ’ by for croatian design collective numen / for use is made of tendons of transparent multi-layered adhesive tape which are stretched between the columns of an ex-stock exchange building .
the continuous wrapping of tendons results in a complex , amorphous surface through the process reminiscent of growing of organic forms .
530 rolls of transparent self adhesive tape ( 35600 m , 45kg )
the idea of the installation originates in a set design concept for a dance performance in which the form evolves from the movement of the dancers between the pillars .
the dancers are stretching the tape while they move , so the resulting shape is ( tape ) recording of the choreography .
presented by vienna design week embassy , ‘ tape installation ’ will be showcased at DMY 2010 in berlin .
a previously exhibited variation of the ‘ tape installation ’ at has been featured on designboom .
for more information , see here .
production video of ‘ tape installation ’
By Sean Michael Kerner
At Google 's I/ O conference , the search giant this week released the VP8 video codec as open source and launched the WebM project for online video .
The effort has already been embraced by multiple browser vendors .
With VP8 , Google ( NASADAQ : GOOG ) is open sourcing technology it acquired when it bought video firm ON2 technologies last year .
VP8 competes with the H.264 proprietary codec , as well as the open source Theora codec .
Among the big backers of Theora is Mozilla , which has supported Theora as part of its HTML5 video implementation since the Firefox 3.5 release last year .
With Mozilla now backing WebM , what does that mean for Theora ?
" We do n't have any plans to drop support for Theora .
We 've seen good uptake for it , " Mike Shaver , vice president of engineering at Mozilla , told InternetNews.com .
" I do n't think there is any reason for us to take it ( Theora ) out , so we 're planning on supporting both codecs going forward . "
From an engineering perspective , Mozilla has had development resources tasked with improving Theora .
Now that Mozilla is also supporting VP8 , Shaver does n't expect it to impact the continued contributions to Theora .
" We 're going to invest in video where we see the best opportunity to contribute , " Shaver said .
" Right now we 're looking at getting situated with VP8 .
We 've got some people looking at improvements there .
But we 'll continue to contribute to Theora as it makes sense as well . "
He pointed out that Mozilla just wrapped up a Digital Signal Processing ( DSP ) support project for Theora .
Comparing the two codec , VP8 has different performance characteristics than Theora .
Shaver explained that when looking at video there are a number of factors to consider , including quality by bit rate .
From that perspective , the VP8 is comparable with the proprietary H.264 codec , he said , adding that VP8 right now also has a better quality per bit rate than Theora .
The other factor to consider is how much effort is required to decode a codec , which can affect power drain on mobile devices .
Shaver said that Theora and VP8 are both pretty simple to decode .
" Some of the Theora tools for doing constant quality at variable bit rates are very popular right now and we do n't see that out of the box with WebM today , " Shaver said .
" We 're going to follow the lead of people that are building the great video experiences and the ones that are consuming them to see which video formats they are using and where improvements are necessary .
That 's where we 'll invest . "
As to which video codec will be the default on Mozilla Firefox for HTML 5 video , it 's a question that is determined by the content authors .
" We will process the source elements in order until we find an element we understand , " Shaver said .
" I think Theora or VP8 will make sense for different content providers , but there really is n't a notion of a default in the way the HTML video source processing works . "
While Google and Mozilla are among the key browser vendor backers for VP8 , future versions of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 9 browser will also support the codec .
" In its HTML5 support , IE9 will support playback of H.264 video as well as VP8 video when the user has installed a VP8 codec on Windows , " Dean Hachamovitch , general manager of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer , wrote in a blog post .
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at InternetNews.com , the news service of Internet.com , the network for technology professionals .
( Health.com ) --
Being short is n't easy .
Short people make less money , have a harder time finding a mate , and are less likely to be elected to public office , statistics show .
A new study suggests that it gets worse :
The shortest short people -- men under 5 feet 5 inches and women under 5 feet -- are roughly 50 percent more likely than the tallest people to have a heart attack or die from heart disease , according to an analysis published in the European Heart Journal .
Why ?
Probably due to a combination of underlying factors that contribute to both short stature and poor heart health , such as age , the researchers say .
" Older people are shorter , " the lead author of the study , Dr. Tuula Paajanen , M.D. , a researcher at the University of Tampere , in Finland , points out in an e-mail .
" Also , you have to remember that height is at least a combination of genetics , socioeconomic status , and nutritional factors .
So when using height we are also thinking about some confounding factors . "
Health.com : Heart trouble ?
30 herbal remedies to avoid
Paajanen and her colleagues analyzed data from 52 high - quality studies that included more than 3 million people .
Hundreds of studies dating back to 1951 have explored the link between short height and heart disease , but this is the first systematic review and analysis of all the good studies on the subject .
The findings are hardly proof that being short puts you at greater risk of heart disease , says Dr. Michael Lauer , M.D. , the director of the division of cardiovascular sciences at the National Heart , Lung , and Blood Institute .
Health.com :
Are you eating too much salt ?
The study 's " major limitation is a failure to take into account confounding factors , " he says .
" It 's much easier to measure somebody 's height than it is to measure lots of other environmental factors that could affect height . "
Nutrition is the most important environmental factor that influences both height and heart health , Lauer adds , but everything from air pollution to employment status to hydration could play a role .
Health.com : 10 best foods for your heart
Poor nutrition early in life can have far - reaching effects that last well into adulthood , Mr. Jaako Tuomilehto , M.D. , a professor in the department of public health at the University of Helsinki , in Finland , notes in an editorial accompanying Paajanen 's study .
Children who are n't properly nourished shortly after birth -- or even in the womb -- tend to grow more slowly than their healthier peers , Tuomilehto explains .
And as they gain weight rapidly to " catch up " with their peers , they often accumulate excess body fat , which can lead to heart disease down the road .
Health.com : 20 meals that wo n't kill your cholesterol
Though she acknowledges the study 's limitations , Paajanen says that doctors may want to consider height when judging a patient 's risk of heart disease .
The findings should also encourage short people to take their heart health more seriously , she says .
Health.com : 9 surprising heart attack risks
" People have no control over their height or genetics , [ but ] they can control their weight and lifestyle habits such as smoking , drinking , and exercise , " she says .
" All of these together affect heart disease risk .
The more risk factors you have , the more effort you should concentrate to reduce the risk factors you can . "
Doctors and patients should focus on the heart disease risk factors they can control , Lauer agrees .
" We should be interested in modifiable factors that are related to disease and that we can do something about -- poor nutrition , lack of exercise , cigarette smoking , " he says .
" We can't do anything about height . "
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
INTERNATIONAL WATERS ... activists look on as Israeli boats close in on the Mavi Marmara .
Credit : Kate Geraghty
My colleague , reporter Paul McGeough , told them : " We 're with The Sydney Morning Herald . "
And another commando said : " We know you 're with the Herald . "
I was stunned but for a completely different reason .
" Bloody hell – Aussie accents . "
" No worries , " the commando said .
Kate Geraghty .
Credit : Paul McGeough
I was frightened but , even more , I was really quite annoyed .
What were Australians doing behaving like this ?
We had joined the Free Gaza Flotilla in Crete and had spent time on board the Mavi Marmara before being transferred to the Challenger1 to make way for two German MPs who were hoping to bring political punch to the bigger ship .
All the time we were making it clear that we were there to observe and not take sides .
What I saw were people from all countries , fishing , flying kites , singing and praying .
They were optimistic that they would bring about a change .
Some of them asked me what force to expect from the Israeli military .
I said that they might use tear gas .
Nobody expected the bloodshed that followed , with peace protesters killed and wounded in a hail of live gunfire .
It happened just before dawn in international waters .
The flotilla was about 110 kilometres north - west of the Gaza Strip and everyone was keyed up .
We knew that if anything was going to happen it would be then .
It was pitch black when McGeough and I set up our laptops and satellite phones on the exposed observation deck .
We picked up audio recordings of the Israeli Navy ordering the six - ship flotilla to turn around , then we saw red dots on the horizon .
The activists were still praying on the deck of the Mavi Marmara when the Israeli boats started to zoom in .
On board people were wearing lifejackets and gas masks when we saw the first explosions on the back of the ship .
It was a blur of inflatable boats , explosions and gunfire .
I had six camera cards and was shooting , swapping the cards and shooting more .
I wanted to have shots of the storming of the boat on every card .
Once I had shots on a card , I hid it on my body or among my personal possessions .
I was shooting as the first commando came aboard the Challenger1 .
It would have been a brilliant shot but that was on one of the cards that I did not manage to save .
My camera was wrenched from me and a commando swiped up all of our gear as we were marched below deck .
We had gone as observers but were now part of the story .
Back in Australia Herald editor Peter Fray was demanding that we be allowed to do our jobs .
" Part of our role is to bear witness .
This is why we sent two of our most experienced foreign correspondents , Paul McGeough and Kate Geraghty , to report on the flotilla 's efforts to reach Gaza , " he said .
" Paul , an acknowledged authority on the Middle East , and Kate , one of the country 's finest news photographers , were there as witnesses , to bring the story of the flotilla to Australia and to the rest of the world .
They had every right to do so .
We ask that Israel respect their right to do their jobs . "
It did not work out that way .
We spent days locked in a detention centre at Beersheba before being deported to Turkey .
All that time I had three of my camera memory cards carefully hidden .
I could n't wait to get out and get the pictures to Australia .
They ran with McGeough 's story on the front page under a " world exclusive " banner .
It was the second time in my career I had been detained .
The previous time was in Burma after I took photographs of the Broken Arrow military band practising for national liberation day celebrations .
What stuck with me from that trip was seeing dozens of men surrounded by swirling fog in the early hours of the morning working in groups in a paddy field as a man yelled orders at them .
Journalists are banned and we could not ask whether this was forced labour or what was going on .
Freedom is a privilege .
For all photographers , getting pictures out of places like that is an honour .
Taking the pictures is the easy part , getting them off the camera , on to the laptop and then over to the picture desk to be published is the hard part .
Growing up in Penola , South Australia , I would never have thought my life would revolve around the technical problems of satellite phones and trying to give a voice to people in the most horrific circumstances .
Until I went to Monivae College in Victoria , my only ambition as a child was to work in the Coonawarra store or to be a hairdresser .
My first overseas assignment for the Herald and The Sun-Herald was covering the aftermath of the Bali bombing .
I had never seen the aftermath of a bombing and was hugely moved by the suffering of the Australian families .
It was also the first time I realised the impact a news photograph could have when I witnessed the Australian public 's reaction to pictures of bomber Amrozi smiling for the cameras .
It was a different type of horror covering the aftermath of the tsunami in Indonesia .
Standing on one of the main bridges in Banda Aceh , all I could see for miles was devastation .
One of the men standing close to me said : " All the gods have got together to show us what hell is like . "
He was right .
My job is to show that to the rest of the world .
And then you come back to Sydney and the real work begins , processing all that you have seen .
Everyone copes differently .
My routine is to see my friends and then get back to work as quickly as possible .
Sometimes it takes time to adjust .
After a long stint in Lebanon , where sleep was at a premium because I spent all day shooting and all night trying to file to meet Australian deadlines , I got home to Petersham , dumped my gear and collapsed into bed .
Anyone who lives there will know that Petersham is under the flight path to Sydney Airport and the first jet that roared over the next morning had me diving out of bed , pulling on my Kevlar , grabbing my cameras and bowling down the hall to take pictures of the next attack .
I was at the front door before I realised where I was and that it was not another fighter but a Qantas jumbo .
We take for granted the freedoms that come with living here along with the simple facts , such as if you need to go to hospital it will have medicine to treat you , or that you can call your family to tell them how you are .
In Baghdad , with war , death and destruction all around , I was approached by two young English - speaking Iraqi men and asked if I had a satellite phone .
They handed me a number and said it was for their family in Britain who would be worrying about them .
I stuffed it in my pocket and forgot about it .
Once again I spent the night trying to send out photographs by satellite .
I was still running on adrenalin once they had been sent , so I pulled out the number and called .
The family were hysterical with joy and relief .
One little phone call to those people was priceless .
You find human kindness in the most unlikely situations .
I have had people in refugee camps in the Democratic Republic of Congo offer me cups of tea when they had absolutely nothing else .
It is humbling .
Our investigation into why rape was being used as a weapon of war in the conflict gave women , living without a justice system , the chance to tell of the horrific crimes committed against them .
And I have met extraordinary people .
Australian Dr Catherine Hamlin opened a fistula hospital in Addis Ababa with her late husband .
Seeing how the work she performed transformed women 's lives was a great privilege .
Dr John Elliott was another extraordinary man .
I met him in Sydney and flew with him to Zurich to record his death through voluntary euthanasia .
It was an intense experience .
Every conversation for a week revolved around this man about to kill himself .
His motivation in taking us along was to show that this could be done with dignity .
It was sad saying goodbye to him and watching him and his wife walk away for the last time .
Of course it does affect you .
You try to remain impartial but things like that are very emotional .
You get upset but it is how you deal with that emotion that defines you .
And of course you meet people at the other end of the spectrum .
A hotel keeper called Innocent in Kigali in Rwanda springs to mind – I hope he is getting good use out of that camera I left locked in my hotel room .
Another would be the driver I relied on to get me through border control in Jordan .
I ducked to the toilet and when I came back the border guards had the seats of the car out on the pavement and were pulling cartons and cartons of cigarettes from the vehicle .
I was travelling with a tobacco smuggler .
After hours and hours and missing my flight , he was fined and we were allowed to continue .
Finally pulling up at my hotel he asked me for a tip .
" How about not smuggling tobacco , you crazy man , " I said .
He laughed and handed me a packet of cigarettes .
Ronaldo está en Sudáfrica y jugó contra Argentina .
¿ Cómo ?
El desafío no fue un amistoso de preparación ni un adelanto de algún cruce mundialista .
El Argentina - Brasil en la nochecita sudafricana le cambió el color a la noche oscura en la puerta de la concentración argentina .
Sí , un clásico sudamericano que armaron unos hinchas argentinos y que tuvo a un “ falso ” Ronaldo como protagonista .
La delegación argentina se juntó en un hostel .
Chicos de Mendoza , Paraná y Lobería tenían ganas de darle a la redonda .
Se cruzaron con unos brasile ños que paraban unos días en Pretoria y armaron el desafío .
La primera idea fue jugarlo en una canchita que hay pegadita al a concentración de Messi y compañía .
No los dejaron y entonces , ante la mirada incrédula de los policías , pusieron un par de camperas como palos y armaron la cancha en la calle .
Tránsito cortado y partido picante .
Daniel , el símil Ronaldo , se ganó la atención y los cantitos para el Gordo .
Batucada de los hinchas brasileños , la ya insoportable vuvuzela ( trompeta ) de los sudafricanos y los gritos irónicos para el gran Ronnie .
Llegaron los goles y el cierre con todo el estilo del clásico , discutiendo si había sido 2 - 1 o empate 2 - 2 .
El improvisado árbitro que no sabía cómo resolver el tema .
La onda de Ronaldo acaparó el cierre , con abrazo entre todos y el himno de la hinchada recordando que “ Maradona es más grande que Pelé ... ”
Imperial stouts resemble wine in another way .
Any beer with ABV above 9 percent or so can be stored , and some — particularly imperial stouts — actually need a few years to mellow in the bottle .
As a result , people collect , store , and sell them , just like they would fine wines .
In some ways , they 're even better than wine : for the price of a cellar - quality wine , a collector could buy a six - pack of an imperial stout , then drink one a year to see how it changes over time .
But there 's something else going on with imperial stouts .
They 're not just highly regarded ; they inspire cult - like behavior among their fans .
That 's in part because , like a Trans Am , imperial stouts are easy to customize .
Brew them with cherries , age them in Scotch barrels , throw in some coffee beans from a prize - winning roaster , whatever you want .
Release them in a limited edition , and suddenly people who might buy just a bottle or two will want one of each .
Goose Island , in Chicago , has got this figured out : not only does it make Bourbon County Stout , aged in Heaven Hill whiskey barrels , but it makes hard - to - find varieties like Bourbon County Brand Coffee Stout , brewed with Intelligentsia espresso beans , and Bourbon County Stout Rare , aged for two years in barrels that formerly held 23 - year - old Pappy Van Winkle , among the most expensive bourbons on the market .
Then there 's the beer 's extreme characteristics .
Sure , you can do a keg stand , but are you man enough to down an entire bottle of Dogfish Head 's World Wide Stout , at 18 percent ABV ?
Then again , you'd be stupid to chug an imperial stout .
Not only are they among the most expensive domestic beers , but they 're also among the hardest to find .
It takes a lot of skill , time , and resources to make a barrel - aged beer , something only the better craft brewers can handle .
And despite imperial stouts ' popularity , they 're hardly session beers , and they 're no fun on a hot summer day ; as a result , most brewers limit their production to seasonal runs , producing limited amounts for a limited amount of time .
For reasons I 've never fully fathomed , some of the best imperial stouts are released just one day a year .
Like hajjis to Mecca , fans will travel to places like Portsmouth , New Hampshire , home of Portsmouth Brewing 's Kate the Great , or Munster , Indiana , home of Three Floyds 's Dark Lord , to get their hands on a few bottles .
At first glance , this makes no sense .
Why would a brewery so severely limit the output of its best - known product ?
Most folks , even most beer lovers , will never taste a drop of Kate the Great .
Then again , that 's a great way to make sure everyone wants to try your beer .
Welcome to the family ( Image : Javier Trueba / MSF / Science Photo Library )
How closely are Neanderthals related to us ?
They are so closely related that some researchers group them and us as a single species .
“ I would see them as a form of humans that are bit more different than humans are today , but not much , ” says Svante Pääbo , a palaeogeneticist at the Max Planck Institute in Leipzig , Germany , whose team sequenced the Neanderthal genome .
The common ancestor of humans and Neanderthals lived in Africa around half a million years ago .
After that , the ancestors of Neanderthals moved north and eventually made it to Europe and Asia .
Our ancestors , meanwhile , stuck around Africa until about 100,000 years ago before eventually conquering the globe .
Neanderthals died out around 28,000 years ago .
Advertisement
How did they sequence the Neanderthal genome ?
Bone contains DNA that survives long after an animal dies .
Over time , though , strands of DNA break up , and microbes with their own DNA invade the bone .
Pääbo ’s team found ways around both problems with 38,000 and 44,000 - year - old bones recovered in Croatia : they used a DNA sequencing machine that rapidly decodes short strands and came up with ways to get rid of the microbial contamination .
They ended up with short stretches of DNA code that computers stitched into a more complete sequence .
This process is n’t perfect : Pääbo ’s team decoded about 5.3 billion letters of Neanderthal DNA , but much of this is duplicates , because – assuming it ’s the same size as the human genome – the actual Neanderthal genome is only about 3 billion letters long .
More than a third of the genome remains unsequenced .
“ It ’s pretty darn good for something that ’s 38,000 years old , ” says Edward Green , a team member now at the University of California , Santa Cruz .
What did they find ?
Any human whose ancestral group developed outside Africa has a little Neanderthal in them – between 1 and 4 per cent of their genome , Pääbo ’s team estimates .
In other words , humans and Neanderthals had sex and had hybrid offspring .
A small amount of that genetic mingling survives in “ non-Africans ” today : Neanderthals did n’t live in Africa , which is why sub-Saharan African populations have no trace of Neanderthal DNA .
It ’s impossible to know how often humans invited Neanderthals back to their cave ( and vice versa ) , but the genome data offers some intriguing details .
“ It must have been at least 45,000 years ago , ” says David Reich , a geneticist at Harvard Medical School who was involved in the project .
That ’s because all non-Africans – be they from France , China or Papua New Guinea – share the same amount of Neanderthal DNA , suggesting that interbreeding occurred before those populations split .
The timing makes the Middle East the likeliest place where humans leaving Africa and resident Neanderthals did the deed .
Does this mean that Neanderthals did n’t interbreed with Europeans more recently ?
Not necessarily – it ’s just that earlier interbreeding is more likely to leave a mark on our genomes than more recent trysts , largely because of population expansion .
With a more complete Neanderthal genome and DNA from other Neanderthals , it will be possible to find out if Europeans and Asians interbred with Neanderthals after those groups went their separate ways .
Archaeological evidence suggests that humans and Neanderthals overlapped for about 10,000 years in Europe and some fossils have even been interpreted as Neanderthal - human hybrids , though not all palaeoanthropologists agree on this .
Can we trace any human traits back to Neanderthals ?
Probably not .
Some researchers had hypothesised that some human genes , including one involved in brain development , originated from interbreeding with Neanderthals , but Pääbo ’s team found no evidence for this .
In fact , no Neanderthal DNA sequences are consistently found in humans .
“ Each person has a different bit of Neanderthal in them , ” says Reich .
However , Sarah Tishkoff , a geneticist at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia not involved in the project , says it is possible that interbreeding introduced traits into a few human populations .
“ It will be interesting to look at other ethnic groups and other Neanderthals , ” she says .
Does the Neanderthal genome explain what makes us different from them ?
That is the hope , though this first scan emphasises the overwhelming similarity between humans and Neanderthals .
Pääbo ’s team found just 78 amino acid peculiarities – differences that change the shape and potentially the function of a protein – which all humans have in their genes but Neanderthals did n’t .
To put that in context , the genome encodes about 10 million amino acids .
They also identified more than 200 regions of the human genome that look like they have evolved since we split from Neanderthals .
These changes occurred in genes linked to cognition , skin and bone development , and reproduction , but they do n’t explain what makes us human , because they occurred after humans split from Neanderthals 500,000 years ago .
“ There is no compelling story where you say , ‘ Ah , ah , this difference means this , ' ” Green says .
“ ‘ It let us write poetry instead of making stone tools ’ – there ’s nothing that jumps out like that . ”
That means a lot of hard work for researchers , examining the genetic differences between humans and Neanderthals one by one , and in some cases genetically engineering bacteria , mice and other organisms with these genes .
“ This is really a gold mine for finding recent changes in human evolution , ” Green says .
Does this mean we could clone a Neanderthal ?
No .
“ Resurrecting ” a Neanderthal based on its genome sequence poses a number of scientific and technological problems , not to mention ethical dilemmas .
The most straightforward way to bring Neanderthals back to life would be to alter the DNA of a human cell to match that of Neanderthals and then transplant its nucleus into an unfertilised egg and implant it into a surrogate mother , a process called somatic cell nuclear transfer ( SCNT ) .
No one has accomplished this feat for humans , and it may not be possible .
Even if we could clone humans , another challenge would be introducing the millions of genetic differences that exist between humans and Neanderthals into a human cell .
As it stands , the Neanderthal genome is incomplete and riddled with errors .
More problematic , though , is making many genetic mutations at once instead of one at a time , as is conventionally done .
A technology exists to introduce dozens of mutations at a time into bacteria but this does n’t come close to the complexity required to make a Neanderthal .
Journal reference : Science , DOI : 10.1126/science.1188021
A Nova Southeastern University study recently presented at a national conference found that 80 percent of poker players around the world reported using drugs and other substances to enhance their performance in poker .
Poker players are using drugs such as marijuana , cocaine , amphetamines , Valium , and other prescription medications , as well as substances including caffeine , energy drinks and guarana to get an edge over their opponents .
" The use these substances could allow poker players to stay awake longer , as well as focus and concentrate better , which would be a competitive advantage , " said Kevin Clauson , Pharm .D. , an associate professor at NSU 's College of Pharmacy , who was the principle investigator in the study .
" Stamina is important for any poker player because tournament poker and cash games can go on for many hours . "
Using these substances can be harmful for poker players , Clauson said .
Depending on the type of substance , he pointed out ; there will likely be short - term and long - term side effects .
The NSU researchers initially interviewed players in Las Vegas during the World Series of Poker and then surveyed players online from across the globe , including North America , Europe , and Asia , with the majority of respondents coming from the US and Canada .
Respondents included professional poker players , semi- pro , amateur , and recreational players .
Regardless of one 's status , an overwhelming majority of poker involves some amount of money , Clauson said .
The players surveyed played poker -- largely no - limit Texas hold ' em -- -- both in person and on the Internet .
Most were males in their mid-20s .
About 73 percent of the respondents said they used drugs and other substances to focus and concentrate better .
The rest used these products to calm their nerves , stay awake , and improve memory .
The results suggest that the use of substances to improve poker performance is widespread , especially at higher stakes , Clauson said .
" Most people we surveyed are using some kind of a boost in order to play one of the most popular games in the world , " he said .
To view the study highlights , please visit http://www.slideshare.net/kclauson/use-of-cognitive-and-performance-enhancing-medications-in-poker-players
Hey !
Do you know what ’s not the worst video game of all time ?
E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial .
You read correctly .
E.T . The Extra-Terrestrial for the Atari 2600 is not the worst video game of all time .
It ’s not even close .
And to be honest , I ’m getting really fucking tired of reading recycled Top 10 and Top 20 lists of the “ Worst Video Games of All Time ” that sheepishly toss E.T. into the # 1 slot .
It kills me inside a little bit when I watch gamers born in the SNES era or later mimic the Angry Video Game Nerd and try to degrade E.T. because they read how “ bad ” it was .
E.T. does n’t belong at the # 1 slot .
I ’d even go as far as to say it ’s not worth landing a mention on a superlative list .
It ’s not a bad game .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I ’m not claiming it to be one of the best games of all time .
I ’m not even claiming it ’s a great game either .
It ’s just a game .
Now , before a bunch of you reply about how the game is “ such a piece of shit , ” and that it ’s “ broken ” or that the game single - handedly almost ruined the video game industry , etc. , etc. , … Let me ask you one question first .
How old were you when E.T. was released on the 2600 ?
Because if you were n’t old enough to play it , then I ’m sorry , but you have no frame of reference and therefore , you have no room for comment .
Let me tell you why E.T. is n’t the piece of shit everyone is trying to sell it to be .
Or for that matter , why it does n’t belong on any “ 10 Worst … ” lists .
For starters , E.T. is a playable game .
And I ’m certain that most of the people reading this article can probably list 10 games that are 100 % unplayable because of some broken game mechanic .
Gamers can start E.T. , and if they know the objective of the game , they can finish E.T. .
Do the graphics suck ?
Yes !
Did they suck in 1983 ?
No !
The same can be said for all aspects of the game .
The sound , the play style , even the box art and manual were all par for the course for Atari 2600 games at the time .
By today ’s standards , I ’d say that almost all the titles from the Atari 2600 lineup have “ shitty graphics ” and “ unplayable controls . ”
They were all glitchy , had terrible sound effects and had poorly - responsive controls .
If I close my eyes for just a half second , I can clearly hear the sounds of the frogs jumping and getting squished in Frogger .
The abrasive audio of that game is tattooed permanently in my brain .
I ’m certain there are other gamers out there who can say the same , if not about Frogger , then about some other classic game like Kaboom ! or Jungle Hunt .
But you never hear anyone trashing those classics .
When E.T. came out , I was just a little boy .
Not only did I play E.T. regularly , but I completed the game regularly and that was without the use of strategy guides , cheats , or online video walkthroughs .
Do n’t think I ’m bragging .
Do n’t think I ’m calling myself a video game wunderkind .
E.T. was a very standard video game for the time .
It sported similarly awkward graphics and sound that all 2600 games had .
And the color ?
Not many of us could complain about color .
Believe it or not , most households only had one television in their home at the time .
And a good number of those homes still had black and white TVs .
I was fortunate growing up that we had two televisions — a color one in the living room and a black and white one in the family room where our Atari was kept — so I rarely had to wait my turn to use a television to play video games .
One common complaint about the game “ I do n’t even know what to DO on this screen . ”
Well , in the 1980s , we had these things called “ Game Manuals ” and for most games you played , it was requirement to read them before you started playing .
Certainly there are plenty of exceptions to the rule like Pac - Man , Space Invaders , Centipede , etc .
But those games are Action titles .
E.T. was an Adventure title .
And for those of you who want a little trip down wood paneled memory lane , you can find some gorgeous high resolution scans of the manual on randomterrain.com .
The instructions explained everything gamers needed to know about the game .
You had to find missing pieces to your phone and escape while running away from evil scientists and the FBI .
And what made it rather original ( and true to the movie in a sense ) , you had to play it non-violently .
You had no weapons .
You had no physical means of defense .
The only thing E.T. could do was run away .
In a sense , it was a lot like a survival horror game .
So if the game was so awesome , why did n’t it sell well ?
Actually , the game sold amazingly well for the time .
It is the # 5 best selling video game for the Atari 2600 .
It sold 1.5 million copies .
That ’s more copies than Super Metroid !
That ’s more copies than Kirby : Super Star , Heavenly Sword , Mario Golf , and …. you know what ?
If you want to see a list of games that is sold better than , you can click here .
I guarantee you ’ll be surprised at the titles it passed out in the sales race .
I know that sales do n’t mean it was a good game .
I ’m just making the point that the title did amazingly well for a brand new console on a brand new medium .
The problem with E.T. was n’t how many copies were sold .
The problem with E.T. was the number of copies that were made .
Both retailers and Atari grossly ( and negligently ) over - predicted its sales .
Their assumption was based on the exuberant reception of film .
After all , E.T. shirts , mugs , hats , posters were selling like hotcakes .
E.T. printed money for Spielberg and Atari was hoping for the same thing .
Ok , smartass , if E.T. did n’t crash the market , then who is to blame ?
You can all turn your non-glowing index fingers away from E.T. ’s face and point them right at Atari .
And why should anyone be surprised by this ?
This was just one of Atari ’s first of many blunders in the video game industry .
The game grossed $ 25 million , but in in the end it netted a loss of $ 100 million for Atari thanks to the previous mentioned “ over estimation . ”
And since Atari essentially was almost the entire video game industry at the time , of course the market almost crashed .
What else do you expect when you have a market that is heavily controlled by one company , and that one company makes one of the dumbest business decisions of all time ?
In fact , thinking back over the past 30 years , the only thing I can think of Atari doing right was creating the Atari 2600 , rehiring Nolan Bushnell after decades of absence , and helping out CD Pojeckt Red with The Witcher .
The Atari 5200 sucked .
We all know of the Jaguar ’s smashing failure .
Atari ’s video game reputation post 2600 years is regarded as a joke by many in the video game industry .
The overproduction of E.T. and Pac - Man was just the beginning of their string of blunders .
E.T. did n’t stop selling because the “ game sucked . ”
E.T. simply stopped selling because it reached everyone in its market .
It sold 1.5 million units , but Atari produced an additional 2.5 million more copies .
At the end of its lifecycle , the Atari 2600 had 30 million units worldwide .
That means , Atari expected a whopping 13 % of all its console owners to purchase the title at $ 50 per cartridge .
A 13 % saturation for the video games market is high .
That ’s actually a higher saturation point than Gears of War which is the 3rd best selling video game on the Xbox 360 .
E.T. was the second movie video game adaptation ever created , and it was the first console movie video game ever created .
There was no barometer in place to properly predict sales .
In order to meet a demand that Atari thought existed , they produced entirely too many .
What ’s more likely , they just got greedy and tried to force it down consumers ’ throats .
E.T. did n’t break Atari .
Atari broke Atari .
So , the next time you see someone bitching online about how terrible E.T.
The Extra-Terrestrial is for the Atari 2600 , have the balls to stand up and say , “ you have absolutely no fucking clue what you ’re talking about . ”
Thanks .
Oh … and do n’t bitch saying , “ this guy is just pissed because someone is shitting on his childhood . ”
That ’s not the case here .
I ’m just trying to point the blame in the correct direction .
There are plenty of games that I loved when I was a kid and realized while looking back that they were a giant piece of crap like Wrath of the Black Manta , Journey : Escape , and Jaws 3 .
If you want to hold someone accountable for the “ near crash of the video game market , ” you should look squarely at Atari and nowhere else .
The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Randy Yasenchak and not necessarily those of Elder - Geek.com .
The Deepwater Horizon oil spill trajectory ensemble forecast from different numerical models
Animation Control Play Once Loop Swing Go To Frame =
SPEED
This was a joint effort of the Ocean Circulation Group and the Optical Oceanography Laboratory at College of Marine Science , University of South Florida to track / predict the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico using simulated particles .
Particle trajectories were calculated based on the surface currents from six different numerical ocean circulation models : the West Florida Shelf ROMS hindcast / forecast system from University of South Florida , the Gulf of Mexico HYCOM nowcast / forecast system from Naval Research Laboratory , the SABGOM nowcast / forecast system from North Carolina State University , the Global HYCOM + NCODA Analysis from the HYCOM Consortium , the RTOFS ( Atlantic ) hindcast / forecast system from NOAA Emvironmental Modeling Center , and the Navy Coastal Ocean Model ( NCOM ) - Intra-Americas Sea Nowcast / Forecast System ( IASNFS ) .
Only four model results are shown here .
Individual oil trajectory models can be accessed at http://ocgweb.marine.usf.edu/models.html.
Different models are updated at different time , and their temporal and spatial resolutions also vary .
More specific information may be available from the models ' original wesites .
It must be recognized that all forecast models have errors that grow with time for a variety of reasons .
This is one reason why it is important to consider comparative analyses from several different models .
Virtual particles were released from the sunken rig site every three hours , assuming continuous oil spill from the well .
The initial locations of the drifters were inferred from the latest satellite remotely sensed oil slick patches .
Macondo well is designated by the red circle .
The particles are shown as black dots , and their trajectries in magenta .
Sea surface temperature ( color contours , units in deg C ) was superimposed with the surface current vectors to indicate the surface ocean circulation .
The velocity data were subsampled every the third grid points in both east and north directions for better visulization .
Questions or comments , please contact Prof. Robert H. Weisberg or Dr. Yonggang Liu .
An archive of previous nowcast / forecast results can be seen from http://ocg6.marine.usf.edu/~liu/oil.html.
View real satellite - tracked drifters in Gulf of Mexico at http://ocgweb.marine.usf.edu/~liu/drifter.html
Related publications :
Disclaimer :
The nowcast / forecast system and other analyses / data are research products under development .
No warranty is made , expressed or implied , regarding accuracy , or regarding the suitability for any particular application .
All rights reserved University of South Florida .
Copyright University of South Florida 05/06/2010 .
most - loathed company stakes !
Yes , Goldman is still plumbing depths rarely seen in the modern era .
But BP , even after putting aside $ 20 billion and grovelling to the president , continues to implode : it 's now hit a level of - 47.6 in the latest BrandIndex poll .
That 's not far from Toyota 's low point , which was - 52.7 at the end of March , but it 's going to be a much harder fight back for BP than it was for Toyota .
" data - share - img= " " data - share = " twitter , facebook , linkedin , reddit , google , mail " data - share - count = " false " >
There will be rejoicing in the corridors of Goldman Sachs tonight : BP has finally overtaken it in the most - loathed company stakes !
Yes , Goldman is still plumbing depths rarely seen in the modern era .
But BP , even after putting aside $ 20 billion and grovelling to the president , continues to implode : it ’s now hit a level of - 47.6 in the latest BrandIndex poll .
That ’s not far from Toyota ’s low point , which was - 52.7 at the end of March , but it ’s going to be a much harder fight back for BP than it was for Toyota .
It ’s amusing to remember that earlier this year BrandZ put out a piece of glossy research saying that the BP brand was the 34th most valuable brand in the world , worth $ 17.283 billion .
( Love the specificity there . )
Is it possible for a brand to have negative value ?
If so , BP has probably achieved that distinction at this point .
Meanwhile , for those of you keeping count , BrandZ put the value of the Toyota brand at $ 21.769 billion , post - recall , while the Goldman Sachs brand was worth $ 9.283 billion , up a whopping 25 % from 2009 .
How quickly these things can change .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said the United States and Europe broadly agreed on the need for controls on risk taking but should ensure they do not impede recovery .
“ I think we all agree we want more conservative restraints on capital and leverage , ” Geithner told a joint news conference with German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble in Berlin .
There was broad agreement on the need for controls “ on risk taking , more conservative capital requirements , bringing transparency and disclosure to derivatives markets , making sure that regulators and supervisors can do their jobs in protecting the economy from risk and these things , ” Geithner said .
But this must be designed carefully so that it “ makes the system more stable in the future but does n’t create a risk of financial headwinds to the recovery we are seeing happening . ”
The U.S. Treasury Secretary did not refer to his earlier criticism of his German hosts over their unilateral move last week to ban naked short - selling of certain assets , which spooked financial markets and angered Germany ’s European Union partners .
Schaeuble said the United States and Germany were more in agreement on the approach to regulation than it might seem .
“ As far as what could be done or what needs to be done with financial market regulations , we ’re actually a lot closer with our assessments than it might appear at times , ” Schaeuble said .
“ But it ’s clear one also has to keep in mind that the traditions and structures of the financial sectors in the United States are naturally quite different than in continental Europe , ” he said .
“ And that ’s why not everything that goes in the same direction can be translated one - to - one for both areas . ”
Geither said that ahead of next month ’s Toronto G20 summit there had been progress on a framework for the global financial system , meaning leaders were “ in a very good position to put in place a much better system than we had coming into this crisis . ”
Geithner said the United States was committed “ to cover the cost of this crisis and the cost of future crises by imposing a fee on the largest financial institutions ” and welcomed backing for this approach in Europe , including from Germany .
The Treasury Secretary said global recovery and a return to growth required “ clear commitments to restore gravity to our fiscal positions over time , ” while recognizing that different countries had “ different room for maneuver . ”
Geithner gave few details of his talks earlier on Thursday and late on Wednesday with European Central Bank chief Jean - Claude Trichet and its governing council member Axel Weber .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Anthony Romero , the executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union , is “ disgusted ” with President Obama , ” he told a conference of progressive activists on Wednesday .
Politico‘s Josh Gerstein has a short piece on the quote , but it should n’t come as a surprise .
The ACLU has been the central bulwark against the relentless weakening of civil liberties protections since 9/11 .
Civil liberties activists fervently hoped that Obama , a former constitutional law professor , would be different .
I talk to people in this community often , and there is definitely a sense of despair now .
Think about some of the things Obama has done ( or not done ) that affect civil liberties :
People can disagree on civil liberties .
But given their positions on these issues , no one should expect Romero and the ACLU to be anything but disillusioned .
The scarily realistic Geminoid F , made with help from robot maker Kokoro , looks just like a twentysomething Japanese woman .
The android sports extremely realistic hair and a set of teeth which apparently enable it to produce the most realistic robot smile yet .
The android is operated by remote control and can mimic the exact facial expressions and speech of its operator .
All of its electronics are hidden inside the android itself , and it can be charged and powered by a standard household electricity supply .
Michael Barry has denied allegations made by Floyd Landis claiming that the two former team - mates of Lance Armstrong
discussed doping while training together for the 2003 Vuelta a Espana .
Cycling Weekly spoke to Barry before the start of Friday ’s stage of the Giro d’Italia to get his response to the allegations .
>>
Save up to 31 % with a magazine subscription .
Enjoy the luxury of home delivery and never miss an issue <<
“ It ’s not true , ” Barry told Cycling Weekly .
“ When you see false allegations about yourself like that it ’s pretty shocking . ”
“ I did train with him for two days , ” Barry explained .
“ Prior to the Vuelta , he was staying up in the mountains , and I drove up there with my wife and rode with him for six hours one day and two hours the next day .
That was it . ”
Barry added he had no knowledge of doping going on during that time .
Team Sky hired Barry last winter to race and support Bradley Wiggins at the Tour de France .
The two are currently racing the Giro d’Italia , where Barry talked this morning at the start of the stage from Porto Recanati to Cesenatico .
He said he had no plans to abandon the race due to Landis ’ letter .
The letter was allegedly sent to the US cycling federation and Wednesday , leaked to media .
In the letter , Landis talked about doping and alleged that Armstrong and others doped .
Landis said that while he and Barry trained for the Vuelta a Espana they talked about testosterone and blood booster EPO .
Landis wrote , “ I spent a good deal of time training with Matthew White and Michael Barry , and shared the testosterone and EPO that we had , and discussed the use thereof while training . ”
“ I have not been in contact with Floyd , so I do n’t know where this is coming from .
It is frustrating , ” Barry continued this morning .
“ Who knows what to know .
He has lied and denied things .
I do n’t where he is mentally at right now . ”
Sky ’s team principal , David Brailsford , said yesterday that the team would act on “ facts ” and that “ if allegations can be substantiated … there ’s procedures to handle everything from there . ”
Brailsford and Barry met last night to talk about Landis ’s letter .
“ They just wanted to know my side of the story , that was it .
They have faith in me , that is why they hired me , ” continued Barry .
“ They have been supportive .
The last few years , I have raced with teams with anti-doping stances , and throughout my career , I have had a strong anti-doping stance .
“ That was the one big reason I decided to come to Sky .
They are contributing to moving the sport in the right direction and that has always been important to me . ”
Barry ’s turned professional in 1999 with team Saturn .
He raced for five years , 2002 to 2006 , with Armstrong at team US Postal / Discovery Channel , Landis was there from 2002 to 2004 .
After three years with T - Mobile / Highroad , he joined Sky for 2010 .
Related links
Brailsford speaks on allegations against Barry
Landis admits he doped , and implicates others
UCI responds to Landis ’s accusations
WADA will investigate Floyd Landis ’s allegations
A documentary following the lives of motorcycle racers and racing enthusiasts , including actor Steve McQueen .
First asking the question " Why do they do it ? " this film looks at the people who devote ( and sometimes risk ) their lives to racing on tracks and off - road courses around the world .
Written by Jean - Marc Rocher < rocher@fiberbit.net >
Sheila may be taking it easy , but surferdude808 is working hard ...
Note : this is an unofficial list of Problem Banks compiled only from public sources .
Here is the unofficial problem bank list for June 18 , 2010 .
Changes and comments from surferdude808 :
After relative calm last week , there were many changes to the Unofficial Problem Bank List this week as the OCC finally released their actions for May .
The list stands at 781 institutions with aggregate assets of $ 404.3 billion , up from 760 institutions with aggregate assets of $ 385.2 billion last week .
Only one removal this week -- the failed Nevada Security Bank ( $ 492 million Ticker : TBHS ) .
There were 22 additions with aggregate assets of $ 19.6 billion .
Most notable among the additions are Pacific Capital Bank , National Association , Santa Barbara , CA ( $ 7.4 billion Ticker : PCBC ) ; Bank Midwest , National Association , Kansas City , MO ( $ 4.3 billion ) ; Bank of Hampton Roads , Norfolk , VA ( $ 2.7 billion ) ; Seaside National Bank & Trust , Orlando , FL ( $ 808 million ) ; and Waccamaw Bank , Whiteville , NC ( $ 585 million Ticker : WBNK ) .
Bank Midwest is controlled by Dickinson Financial Corporation , a multi - bank holding company , and its other bank subsidiaries were also added this week including Academy Bank , National Association ( $ 507 million ) , Armed Forces Bank , National Association ( $ 835 million ) , Armed Forces Bank of California , National Association ( $ 22 million ) , Southern Commerce Bank , National Association ( $ 257 million ) , and SunBank , National Association ( $ 88 million ) .
The OCC issued a Formal Agreement against Saigon National Bank , Westminster , CA ( $ 71 million Ticker : SAGN ) , which has the dubious distinction of missing six TARP dividend payments .
It is a mind scratcher why it has taken the OCC so long to issue an action against Saigon National Bank .
One is even more challenged to understand the tardiness in action against Pacific Capital Bank , National Association .
As anticipated , there were two add backs -- Mission Oaks National Bank and Valley National
Bank that were removed in the past two weeks when the OCC terminated Formal Agreements .
Now these banks are operating under Consent Orders .
Other changes include Prompt Corrective Action Orders against banks already on the list and the conversion of some actions .
The Federal Reserve issued PCA Orders against Pierce Commercial Bank ( $ 258 million ) and Sterling Bank ( $ 408 million ) , and the OTS issued a PCA Order against Turnberry Bank ( $ 264 million ) .
The OCC converted Formal Agreements to Consent Orders against Rosemount National Bank ( $ 38 million ) and Security Bank , National Association ( $ 160 million ) .
WA Court : Woman Not Allowed to Wear Bikini
For those of you who may not have been following all the important news out here in the great northwest , we ’ve had some issues in recent months involving so called “ bikini baristas ” .
Since the supply side of the market for espresso has become overcrowded , and the customers more cash - strapped , some drive through stands have embraced a new model : attracting the creepy old dude market by dressing beautiful young women in bikinis and lingerie .
This has drawn a shitstorm of rage from the holier - than - thou activists who seem to think this is far worse than what their kids might see on TV , the internet , or the beach .
Some douchebags have gone so far as to camp out in front of these places and take pictures and notes of all the patrons and than rat them out to their employers and post their identities online .
My position on this has always been simple : I probably would n’t frequent one of these places because it honestly seems a little … creepy / uncomfortable to me .
But I sure as hell do n’t see how the government has any business telling private citizens that they can’t wear a bikini , as though bikinis are harmful to children if they ’re worn in the city , but if they ’re worn on the beach they are magically benign .
Go figure .
In any case , an Everett “ Judge ” Timothy O’Dell disagrees with me .
My world is shattered .
The Daily Herald reports she is allowed to serve her time under home electronic monitoring .
Judge Timothy O’Dell also ordered the woman to be fully clothed — no bikini or lingerie — when she works at an espresso stand .
[ Emphasis mine ] .
The woman in question was arrested on charges of prostitution , but that was reduced to “ providing adult entertainment without a license ” .
Because , if you ’re going to perform sexual favors for money the pimp government is damn well going to get its cut .
In honor of Judge O’Dell and the city of Everett below are some highly relevant photos of the kind of baristas we ’re talking about .
After the jump .
It is hard to persuade some in California that they live in cities that are still very much in housing bubbles .
We ca n’t paint with a giant brush across the state because some markets have adjusted and have adjusted significantly to counter any imbalances in the market including the Inland Empire .
Yet when the mainstream media talks about the “ housing bubble ” popping it is usually referred to in the past tense .
Many that live in places like Culver City or Pasadena think that the storm has pass and endless home price appreciation is only a few sunny days away .
We ca n’t blame them .
It is a fairy tale that has a mass appeal .
It lured an entire nation into an epic housing mania .
It is hard to reverse this psychology when you still have many people paying inflated prices .
But only because someone will buy today at some inflated price does n’t mean that trend has staying power .
Today we are going to look at two case examples right here in Southern California between a bubble city and one that has popped .
Today we salute you Culver City with our Real Homes of Genius Award .
Buy at $ 925,000 or rent at $ 3,795 ?
It is rare to find any city in the United States that did n’t have a taste of the housing bubble .
Some dabbled in it .
Some indulged in it .
California as a state gorged itself on the housing mania and is now paying the price of relying too much on a bubble for the source of economic growth .
Some cities especially many in the Inland Empire have corrected and are showing signs of more affordable home prices .
Yet affordability also relates to the local area economy .
Take a look at Detroit and home prices there .
They are cheap but for a reason and this can be explained by economics .
If you ask people in Culver City to justify home prices you will get some emotional response that has very little connection to market fundamentals .
For example , throughout the country a really quick and dirty rule of thumb is a home is a good deal if it sells for 100 times the monthly rental rate .
For example , a home that rents out for $ 1,500 / per month is a good deal at $ 150,000 or less .
As investors , you look for these kinds of disequilibrium .
A good investor would look for an area where rents were high relative to home prices .
For example a home that would rent for $ 2,000 selling at $ 150,000 .
These deals were hard to find prior to the bubble and once real estate got juiced , many forgot about the basic fundamentals .
We are slowly going back to them .
Take for example this Culver City home :
This is a really nice home in a good area .
The home is currently listed at $ 925,000 .
This is a 4 bedrooms and 2.5 baths home listed at 2,341 square feet .
This place was built in 1950 .
Now we are seeing more of this trend where homes are listed for sale but also for rent .
Let us look at the rent details :
The monthly rental rate is $ 3,795 .
You might look up at the home sale listing and see the monthly payment at $ 3,766 .
Keep in mind this assumption is based on a 20 % down payment ( $ 185,000 ) and a 4.56 percent 30 year fixed mortgage .
That is not going to happen so this figure is much too optimistic .
I ’ve talked with colleagues in the industry that have stated jumbo loans are between 5.5 and 6 percent with near perfect credit and a 20 percent down payment .
Keep in mind the estimated monthly payment does not include taxes and insurance that will run you another $ 1,000 .
So let us run the numbers once again :
Down payment : $ 185,000 ( 20 % )
Mortgage : $ 740,000
PITI : $ 5,201 ( 30 year fixed at 5.5 % )
The carrying cost is very different from the “ best case ” scenario presented online .
If you were to buy this home with a 20 percent down payment , your monthly net cost out of pocket to service all your home needs would be over $ 5,200 .
Your rental cost is $ 3,795 a difference of $ 1,405 .
By our simple rule of thumb , this home price is too high .
Culver City still has many homes valued at bubble level prices .
Now if we used the simple rule of thumb we would do the following :
$ 3,795 x 100 = $ 379,500
This seems so far off from the current asking price that some will laugh .
Yet in some areas of California this kind of metric is appearing .
Let us take a look at Hemet for example .
Here we have a 4 bedroom and 3 baths home listed at 2,689 square feet .
The place is currently up for rent for $ 1,400 per month .
If we use our quick and dirty analysis we would find :
$ 1,400 x 100 = $ 140,000
Think we can find a similar place for close to this price point ?
Yes we can :
We find on the same street a very comparable home .
The above is listed as having 6 bedrooms and 2 baths and is listed at 2,389 feet .
It is a short sale and is currently listed at $ 150,000 .
This place is actually selling for less than the sale price in 2000 ( $ 173,500 ) .
Hemet is 96 miles away from Culver City but they might as well be worlds apart in terms of real estate valuations .
It would be one thing if the market in Culver City was able to support a $ 9,250 per month rent on the above place .
But clearly it cannot .
Why ?
The market is saturated with rentals and prices are just too high
“ ( Lanser OC Register ) Veteran Orange County apartment owner and manager Ray Maggi says this the current rental market “ is the worst I ’ve ever seen ” for landlords .
Maggi , a past president of the Apartment Association of Orange County , says in his three decades in the rental game has n’t seen as harsh a mix of falling rents , empty apartments and rising costs .
Contrary to popular belief , we do n’t make money with 90 % occupancy , ” he says of current historically high counts of empty units across the county that run roughly at 10 percent vacancy .
Maggi notes a 96 - unit complex he ’s owned in Buena Park since 1978 as a good market gauge .
Before this slump , he never started a month at this complex with more than 10 vacancies — and now he ’s got 14 .
“ Lots of hard times , ” he says explaining why it ’s so hard to fill up apartments .
High unemployment means that many prospective tenants are either doubled up with roommates or have moved in with family members .
With landlords fighting for a limited number of customers , the winner is the renter .
Last year , landlords usually offered free months of rent as lures for new tenants .
This year , Maggi says , more landlords have simply slashed rents to meet tight - fisted renters who have plenty of choice .
Making matters worse for property owners is that a growing number of tenants are n’t keeping up with payments .
Charge - offs have roughly tripled to nearly 3 percent of rents due .
“ It ’s a tough road out there , ” Maggi says . ”
The rental market overall is tight across Southern California .
These hybrid homes for sale / rental are good indicators of any market price imbalance .
The sale price is the optimal dream point while the actual market rent is really what someone can support in the current market .
Culver City has enormous disequilibrium .
We do n’t even need to look out of state to see a more sensible market .
What justifies this massive price discrepancy ?
Better schools ?
If that is the issue then just rent in this area .
Sense of homeownership ?
Is it really worth this big of a price gap ?
Clearly these kinds of bubbles do n’t last long .
The $ 925,000 home sold for $ 185,000 back in 1993 .
The rate of inflation from California from 1993 to 2010 is 53 percent according to the California Department of Finance .
As we have seen through many studies , real estate over the long run tracks the general rate of inflation .
So if that is the case , this home would have a value of $ 283,000 !
But if the place can yield $ 3,795 a month it clearly has a value of at least the 100 time multiple .
You can judge for yourself whether some cities are in bubbles .
I think the data speaks rather clearly .
It is a great time to rent .
Today we salute you Culver City with our Real Homes of Genius Award .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
News from the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit 2.0 World
Posted in : javascript infovis toolkit
Animated TreeMaps
Zooming and Panning
A Force Directed Example
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
We 're not that far .
Not at all .
I was actually going to write some completion percentage , but I think I 'll just leave that as a mystery and surprise you when the time comes .
But until then ... some videos from the 2.0 world !
In order to show some of the new features I 've been writing a simple example with TreeMap animations .
TreeMap animations are integrated into the built - in classes of the Toolkit , but you can also create your own animations by altering either built - in Node / Edge params , or also canvas specific styles like shadows .
Here 's a short video of an Animated TreeMap , it also has animations when switching layouts .
I think it 's better seen in fullscreen .
The new Event system allows many customizations , such as Dragging and Dropping nodes , ( right ) clicking native Canvas nodes , etc .
This will be the subject of a longer post , since there is a lot of machinery involving Native Canvas , SVG and HTML events , event delegation , etc .
I 've also been working in making a modular Canvas class enabling canvas background extensions .
Some of these changes had some desirable effects , such as enabling Panning and Zooming in a generic way , across all visualizations , as can be seen in this video :
These features can be combined into useful and interesting examples .
This Force Directed example uses the new Event system , zooming , panning and animations to make a complete graph editing tool .
These are some of the graph interactions that can be made with the JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit ( also better seen in fullscreen ) : I hope you liked it .
I know I 'm having a great time working in this project .
I 'll be back with more updates .
This is Yoni .
He 's really excited about the World Cup .
To express his excitement , he went into the wilds of Times Square with a vuvuzela .
This is his story .
[ LandlineTV ]
Advertisement
Comparing the Israeli - Palestinian conflict to Northern Ireland is " misleading and demonstrably false , " Lord David Trimble , a 1998 Nobel Peace Laureate for his efforts to find a peaceful solution to the conflict in Northern Ireland , said last week .
He spoke at the launch in Parliament of his reportentitled " Misunderstanding Ulster , " published by Conservative Friends of Israel .
The lessons of the Northern Ireland peace process had been misunderstood , Trimble said , adding that Israel " is not Ulster . "
" The more I hear the lessons of Northern Ireland applied to the Middle East , the less I am sure that those lessons have been properly learned , " he said .
The former leader of the Ulster Unionist Party and ex-first minister of Northern Ireland said there had been a " selective reading " of the Northern Ireland conflict that was " misleading and demonstrably false . "
In many cases , he said , it was more about contemporary agendas in the Middle East than serious analysis of the recent history of Northern Ireland .
" Nowhere is the analogy applied more vigorously than in the case of the Israel - Palestinian conflict , " Trimble said .
" For those eager to inject a creative breakthrough there , the lessons from Northern Ireland are often cited as an inspiration .
The foremost expression of this can be seen in the response of many to the growing status and influence of Hamas in recent years .
He called on the Middle East Quartet and international community to " stand firm " regarding Hamas ahead of the Annapolis conference next month .
" It is essential to recognize that Northern Ireland 's peace process operated within a distinct context - and one scarcely repeated elsewhere ... this narrative which has been transported - often uncritically - to the Middle East , is fundamentally misleading about the true achievements of the Northern Ireland peace process , " Trimble said .
" If there is one lesson to learn from Northern Ireland 's experience - contrary to what is often recommended in relation to dialogue with Hamas - it is that preconditions were crucial to ending the violence in producing a settlement , " he added .
In the 24 - page report , Trimble cites the near total collapse of the Northern Ireland peace process on " Bloody Friday " in 1972 , when the IRA killed nine people and wounded 130 in a bombing , as evidence that weakening preconditions to dialogue made increased violence more likely .
He questioned whether players in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict were seeking victory or accommodation .
Whereas the majority in Israel wanted " accommodation , " Hamas might still be on the lookout for " victories , " he said .
Hamas does n't want accommodation ; rather , they have played into the hands of the most intransigent elements in the Middle East , Trimble said .
This is going to be fascinating news for those of you out there with trypanophobia–fear of hypodermic needles .
Pantech Biosolutions has just been given approval for its painless drug delivery system that uses frickin’ laser beams .
Painless alternatives to the traditional needle have been pursued for years , including all sorts of notions like frozen needle tips and micro-needle drug “ patches . ”
But this new solution uses an approach that the company says has “ dramatically increased drug transport ” powers compared to “ competitive technologies . ”
Instead of piercing your skin with tubes of metal , Pantech ’s device , known as PLEASE ( Painless Laser Epidermal System ) , blazes a bunch of tiny holes in your skin using a powerful laser beam .
Sure , this evokes Dr. “ Bones ” McCoy ’s hissing hypo from Star Trek , but the system is incredibly simple : PLEASE channels powerful infra-red light from the laser onto a moving mirror , and then onto many tiny spots of the patient ’s skin for a precisely controlled amount of time .
The light zaps “ micropores ” through your epidermis ( the outer layer of skin ) and then a drug - soaked patch is applied on the top , from where the drug molecules make their way through the pores and over time into the patient ’s bloodstream .
This sort of technique is “ the only way ” to apply large - molecule drugs through the skin , and it may have thousands of applications where regular injections are currently the norm–Pantech highlights the painful and frequent injections women typically have to endure when taking part in IVF programs .
After passing numerous in - lab and in - vivo tests , the system ’s just been given CE approval so it can be marketed in Europe , so you may even get to experience one sooner than you think .
The tech is exciting , of course , because this “ professional ” grade system is likely to evolve and be refined into a simpler , cheaper , and more portable consumer - level device–assuming its relatively simple components can be reduced in price .
At which point the world ’s diabetes sufferers will start to get very interested indeed .
Greece ’s bump came last week when European statistical authorities reported that Athens ’s 2009 deficit was higher than the 12 percent forecast last fall : it was a perfect Headline Risk moment .
Markets panicked and started dumping Greek bonds .
Speculators who had quietly been buying credit default swaps — bets that panic would inevitably follow any bad news — made millions overnight .
Here ’s how it works :
Greece ’s recovery , like our own , still looks pretty shaky — but , for Headline Risk players , that ’s an opportunity to bet against their recovery , then pounce when the inevitable bump in the recovery road appears .
Their payoff comes as weaker investors rush out of the market for bonds , leaving Greece unable to borrow — and potentially forced to default .
( Default , for Headline Risk players , can promise even bigger profits . )
As 2010 began , the Street ’s “ best and brightest ’’ saw what suddenly looked like a new source of even easier money , playing what insiders like to call “ The Headline Risk Game ’ ’ on little Greece .
Enter Wall Street .
After two years of nearly unlimited government bailouts but no government reregulation , briefly sobered Wall Street speculators were ready to start partying again .
Last year , amid 10 percent unemployment and millions of home foreclosures , banks and hedge funds booked record profits and paid out record bonuses .
And they made such fortunes by doing , it turns out , the same sort of trading - floor gambling that nearly destroyed them and us in 2008 .
Until last week , Greece had scrambled to borrow enough money to cover its deficit , while swiftly bringing that deficit down .
The rates Athens paid were painful , but with promise of European and International Monetary Fund aid earlier this month , there was light at the end of the tunnel .
Six months ago , Greece discovered a big budget problem — the deficit its outgoing conservative government handed over last fall was going to be more than 12 percent of its gross domestic product .
The new government immediately announced massive wage , pension , and spending cuts , painful tax hikes , and deadly serious tax enforcement .
It pledged to cut the deficit to 3 percent in two years — guaranteeing a draconian hangover that will produce a painful and protracted recession .
Meanwhile , as Washington bickers , Europe is starting to burn .
A once - small budget crisis in Greece is metastasizing so quickly that it ’s now threatening to plunge not just Europe but America and the world back toward the global fiasco we faced two years ago .
THIS WEEK the US Senate finally started getting around to changing the rules that led to Wall Street ’s disastrous meltdown two years ago .
But debate over the so - called Dodd bill is gridlocked , even though no one thinks the bill is strong enough to stop Goldman Sachs and company from doing again what got us to where we are today .
Never mind that the new deficit figure turned out to be a small and rather routine adjustment .
Greece ’s borrowings costs suddenly soared to 19 to 20 percent — and costs for Portugal , Spain , and other weak economies soared with them .
Now there ’s a crisis over whether the euro zone itself will survive .
In little more than four months , in other words , what had been little Greece ’s deficit headache is today threatening to pull down Europe itself .
How can that be ?
How can tiny Greece — 2 percent of Europe ’s total GDP , its deficit a tenth of that 2 percent — be pushing mighty Europe to the brink of causing what Lehman ’s bankruptcy did two years ago ?
Are we actually staring at the start of Global Crisis 2.0 ?
And whose fault is it ?
Is it Greece ’s fault — even though the new government has been doing everything it possibly can to solve the deficit crisis it inherited ?
Is it Europe ’s fault ( or more specifically Germany ’s ) for stalling on fulfilling its promise of aid to Greece ?
Or is it really Wall Street ’s — and Washington’s ?
Central to Wall Street ’s 2008 nose dive were the billions wagered in credit default swaps — the cheap derivatives - based bets with lottery - size payoffs that speculators had placed on US homeowners .
Today exactly the same sort of swap bets are what Wall Street has placed against Greece in their Headline Risk Game — and right now we ’re looking at what could become a replay of the same disastrous consequences .
We used to know how dangerous such unregulated betting could be .
Until the late 1990s , you could n’t place those sorts of bets on housing or government bonds .
Thanks to deregulation efforts led by advocates such as Tim Geithner , Larry Summers , and Ben Bernanke suddenly you could — and many did .
Taxpayers now realize that housing is no place for those sorts of bets — but neither are Greece ’s bonds , or the bonds of other small countries that are struggling to recover from the Wall Street tsunami that hit them as well as us in 2008 .
Right now all eyes are focused on Berlin , and the prospect of a new round of European support for Athens .
Hopefully the package will come — quickly — though it clearly wo n’t arrive without great political agony in European capitals .
Here ’s the rub for Americans .
Had Washington closed off credit default swaps — and similar derivatives - based betting — from this sort of pernicious gaming of global financial systems , this appalling risk of European meltdown could have been avoided .
By letting Wall Street work the same magic on Greece that it did on US homeowners , we ’ve not only worsened the inevitable pain for millions of ordinary Greeks , but the prospects of our own quick recovery as well .
To watch Washington let Wall Street legally keep doing what led to disaster two years ago is more than foolhardy .
Three things need be done immediately : First , the Senate needs to amend the Dodd bill to regulate credit default swaps .
Second , President Obama needs to join the rest of the world , which wants global regulation standards , to prevent Wall Street from walking around national rules .
Third , policy makers worldwide must begin crafting a much - expanded and re-chartered IMF ( or a successor ) to start getting right the global balance between the necessary freedom of finance and the fundamental rights of citizens .
There are plenty of ways to make money legally that minimize the risks for us all while maximizing growth .
The latest fiasco in Athens underscores why it ’s now time we tried them .
Richard Parker is an economist who teaches at Harvard ’s Kennedy School of Government .
He is John Kenneth Galbraith ’s biographer and president of Americans for Democratic Action .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
( CNN ) -- Felipe Massa has been handed a two - year contract to keep him with Ferrari until the end of the 2012 Formula One season .
The Brazilian joined the Italian team in 2006 and his contract extension ends speculation that he would be leaving at the end of the current campaign .
Massa has recorded 11 victories and 360 championship points for Ferrari and currently sits seventh in the drivers ' standings , 26 points behind leader Mark Webber , of Red Bull .
Massa told Ferrari's official Web site : " I am happy to be given the opportunity to drive for Ferrari for a further two seasons .
" Throughout my entire Formula One career , I have always raced with an engine made in Maranello and it is a matter of pride for me to be able to continue working with a team that I regard as a second family . "
Massa suffered a fractured skull during the Hungarian Grand Prix in July last year and missed the rest of the season .
He was fit to start the 2010 season but teammate Fernando Alonso has outshone him during the opening stages .
However , Ferrari team principal Stefano Domenicali is delighted to retain the 29 - year - old 's services .
He said : " Felipe has been part of Ferrari for almost a decade and together with us , he has grown as a driver and as a man , going through some very difficult times as well as giving us moments of great happiness .
" We wanted to show proof of stability for the future , believing in the worth of a driver pairing that is without equal in terms of talent , speed and its ability to work together for the good of the team . "
Alonso is also contracted until 2012 , meaning Ferrari will boast the same driver line - up for the next two seasons .
Over the past 24 hours , searches related to deleting Facebook accounts have been some of the top trending items on Google -- indicating that the tech - world furor about the social - networking site 's privacy policies may have become more mainstream .
Thursday evening , " how do i delete my facebook account " was among the top 20 trending searches on Google Hot Trends , and Friday morning " delete facebook account " made the list .
This does n't mean that these searches are at the top of all Internet queries ; rather , it 's an indication ...
Improved crash reporting system to enable more detailed crash reports
Fixed a client crash caused by a buffer overflow while processing temp entities
Fixed not being able to add bots to the game using the Create Server dialog
Fixed some movement ConVars to match the current Counter - Strike : Source settings for default values and flags
Fixed several rubberbanding / stuttering issues with objects and players
Fixed several ConVars ( sv_accelerate , maxspeed , etc. ) being hidden
Fixed bloom problems
Fixed a server crash caused by malformed client autobuy string
Fixed developer console output being on by default
Fixed " Report Bug " in the main menu not working
Fixed the missing icon for the desktop shortcut
Fixed the " rebuy " command not buying the correct items depending on the order they were purchased in
Fixed the clock image in the spectator HUD being clipped
Fixed a case where the Spy could start taunting and cloak at the same time
Flamethrower changes
Increased base damage 10 %
Afterburn duration increased ( from 6 to 10 )
Flares that hit a burning player at mid-to - long range will crit
Reduced Backburner damage bonus from 20 % to 15 %
Updates to Team Fortress 2 and Counter - Strike : Source Beta have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The Egyptian authorities over the weekend turned down a request by Arab physicians to bring aid into the Gaza Strip .
Hamas , meanwhile , announced that it wo n’t allow the International Committee of the Red Cross to visit kidnapped IDF soldier Gilad Schalit as a condition for the lifting of the blockade on the Gaza Strip .
Khalil al - Hayyah , a senior Hamas official in the Gaza Strip , said the proposal was designed to “ distract attention for the crime that was perpetrated against the flotilla aid ships last week .
” He said that the blockade on the Gaza Strip had been in effect before the abduction of Schalit and added that the captors of the soldier have no confidence in any party , including the Red Cross .
The Egyptian refusal came despite Egypt ’s decision to reopen the Rafah border crossing in the aftermath of the aid convoy incident last week .
On Monday , a large group of Egyptian parliamentarians plans to “ break ” the ban of aid by bringing humanitarian aid into the Gaza Strip through the border crossing , sources close to Hamas announced .
Hamas legislator and spokesman Mushir al - Masri welcomed the decision and called on the Egyptian authorities to keep the Rafah terminal open on a permanent basis .
Over the weekend , the Arab Physicians Union submitted a request to the Egyptian government to send 400 tons of food and construction material , including cement , into the Gaza Strip .
The request was turned down by the Egyptian authorities , which did not offer any explanation , said Munir Albarsh , a representative of the union .
He said that although the Egyptians had reopened the Rafah terminal for travelers , they were continuing to ban humanitarian aid from entering the Gaza Strip .
The Hamas government said that about 2,000 Palestinians crossed the Rafah terminal in both directions since it was reopened last week .
It said that the Egyptian authorities were continuing to ban aid to the Gaza Strip , especially food and construction material .
Over the past week , the Egyptians allowed the delivery of more than 7,000 blankets , five electrical wheelchairs and 357 tents to the Gaza Strip .
Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh said he was optimistic that the blockade was nearing its end .
He also predicted that the “ Zionist project on our lands ” was approaching its final stages .
“ May 31 was and will be a turning point , ” he said , referring to the dayof the confrontation at sea between the Israel Navy and the flotillaactivists .
“ It marks the beginning of the delegitimization of the Zionist project in our country .
” He said that Israel had suffered a series of blows over the past twoyears , especially with regard to Operation Cast Lead and the UNfact - finding mission into the war , headed by South African judgeRichard Goldstone .
“ The Gaza War , which was won by the resistance , embarrassed the Zionistenemy , ” Haniyeh said during the Friday ( sermon ) at the Omari Mosque in Gaza City .
“ The Goldstone Report was abig scandal for the occupation , whose leaders are now being chased bylegal and popular institutions all around the world .
” He said the flotilla raid would have positive consequences for Hamasand the Gaza Strip , as well as for the entire Palestinian people .
SAN FRANCISCO – A newly formed coalition , the Progressive Workers ’
Alliance , is bringing low - wage workers together across language , race and community in a two - pronged struggle – to fight wage theft , violation of workers ’ rights and unemployment , and to oppose Mayor Gavin Newsom ’s proposed city budget cuts , which the coalition says would slash vital services and balance the budget on the backs of the most vulnerable .
In a program conducted in Spanish , Chinese and English , coalition members rallied on the steps of City Hall June 16 to introduce a Low Wage Worker Bill of Rights they say will help to redress the abuses many low - wage workers experience daily on the job .
The Bill of Rights calls for protecting workers ’ rights and enforcing labor laws , supporting responsible businesses , providing job opportunities and training , protecting the social safety net for all working people , and equal treatment for all workers .
The need for each of its planks was highlighted as low - wage workers shared their stories .
Victoria Aquino , who is responsible for six patients in a San Francisco care home , focused on the problem of wage theft .
Aquino said she was paid less than the minimum wage during all of 2007 .
“ Even when I started to receive the minimum wage I was not paid for all the hours I worked , ” she said .
“ I want all caregivers and other low - wage workers to know they should not be afraid to fight for their rights as workers . ”
Rally organizers also pointed out that programs the city administration has targeted for cuts include education about labor laws in San Francisco and culturally appropriate help to workers so they can file claims .
Jose Ramirez , speaking for the Day Labor Program at La Raza Centro Legal , said he and other day laborers often encounter employers who do n’t want to pay them .
Day laborers are “ extremely concerned that many of the programs we rely on are on the chopping block in this year ’s budget , ” he said .
“ This means the most vulnerable will be exposed to more abuse . ”
But , he added , “ That is only possible if we allow them to do this to us .
United we will defeat them ! ”
Discrimination against GLBT workers was also a rally topic .
Pride at Work ’s David Fujimoto pointed out that gays and lesbians earn about 25 percent less than straight men , for the same jobs , and trans individuals in California are twice as likely as the general population to live below the federal poverty line .
The rally highlighted the Local Jobs for America Act , introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Rep. George Miller , D - Calif. , and in the Senate by Senator Sherrod Brown , D - Ohio , which would appropriate $ 100 billion to create and preserve jobs .
The coalition also backs a local measure , the Hotel Fairness Initiative , which would boost the city budget by closing loopholes in the hotel tax and temporarily increasing it .
Signatures are now being gathered to place the initiative on the November ballot .
On a positive note , Young Workers United spokesperson Edwin Escobar held up a copy of the restaurant guide the organization has launched this year , saying it “ highlights businesses that follow the labor laws of San Francisco and treat their workers with respect . ”
Good business practices benefit the community as well as workers , he said .
The Low Wage Worker Bill of Rights is backed by several members of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors , including its president , David Chiu .
Among Progressive Workers ’ Alliance members are the Day Labor Program and Women ’s Collective of La Raza Centro Legal , the Chinese Progressive Association , the Filipino Community Center , Young Workers United , Pride at Work , People Organized to Win Employment Rights ( POWER ) and more .
Photos : Marilyn Bechtel / PW
Search Terms : Highlight Matches
Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years
Spec
Offer Upgrade
User ID : 987632
United Kingdom
06/05/2010 01:36 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years
The Russian station " UVB - 76 " has stopped its transmission and is now dead silent .
Apperantly it stopped two - three days ago .
It has known to have been recording since 1982 24/7 .
The stations broadcasts a buzzer signal 24/7 and is rarely ( extremely rare ) interrupted - when it is interuptted Russian voices have been heard in the background although this has only been recorded four times .
The station itself is about 40 KM northwest of Moscow and it is still unknown to this day as to why it plays this tone , there have been of course many theories including the broadcast being a dead man 's switch / dead hand system .
Wikipedia has more detailed information on the station itself : [
To listen to the broadcast : [
I havn't checked up on it since and have not had the time to post this - most likely it has no meaning and is nothing to even look into or care about and may have even be maintinance etcetera but either way I thought it was worth posting .
Thought some of you would be interested in this development :
The Russian station " UVB - 76 " has stopped its transmission and is now dead silent .
Apperantly it stopped two - three days ago .
It has known to have been recording since 1982 24/ 7 .
The stations broadcasts a buzzer signal 24/7 and is rarely ( extremely rare ) interrupted - when it is interuptted Russian voices have been heard in the background although this has only been recorded four times .
The station itself is about 40 KM northwest of Moscow and it is still unknown to this day as to why it plays this tone , there have been of course many theories including the broadcast being a dead man 's switch / dead hand system .
Wikipedia has more detailed information on the station itself : [ link to en.wikipedia.org
To listen to the broadcast : [ link to www.youtube.com
I havn't checked up on it since and have not had the time to post this - most likely it has no meaning and is nothing to even look into or care about and may have even be maintinance etcetera but either way I thought it was worth posting .
Thor 's Stone
User ID : 877471
United States
06/05/2010 02:05 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years
the way of the warrior is death .
this means when there is a choice between life and death choose death .
treating yourself as all ready dead will see you through , where mere courage will fail you .- musashi miyamoto ( para phrase ) that is scary stuff man .
I think it is a countdown now .
the whole shebang
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 360796
United States
06/05/2010 02:10 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years Russia has been on my mind lately , but not in the news .
I know ya'll want links 'n stuff but it 's just a hunch .
They 're playing a very big role in world events right now .
Russia has been on my mind lately , but not in the news .
I know ya'll want links 'n stuff but it 's just a hunch .
They 're playing a very big role in world events right now .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 992361
United Kingdom
06/05/2010 02:13 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years Russia has been on my mind lately , but not in the news .
I know ya'll want links 'n stuff but it 's just a hunch .
They 're playing a very big role in world events right now .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 360796
i think so too
it was mentioned in another thread that Abramovich has been very busy in his private jet recently , LA , israel , South Africa ...
i think so tooit was mentioned in another thread that Abramovich has been very busy in his private jet recently , LA , israel , South Africa ...
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 637136
United Kingdom
06/05/2010 02:18 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years Quote :- Another explanation for the constant buzzer is the High - frequency Doppler method for ionosphere research [ 10 ] described in the Russian Journal of Earth Sciences , in which radio waves are reflected from ionosphere inhomogeneities .
Changes of an ionosphere state can be caused by solar geophysical or seismic events .
This method involves comparing a continuous radio transmission which is reflected by the ionosphere with a stable basic generator .
The continuously transmitted carrier frequency currently used for this research matches that of the Russian Buzzer ( 4.625 MHz ) .
see wiki
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 990980
United States
06/05/2010 02:20 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years Could be Russkie version of our WWV out of Ft. Collins Co .
[ link to www.nist.gov]
Well damn sure ain't going to hear anything on 4.625 MHz that far this time of day .
I 'll check it tonight and give an update .
Could be Russkie version of our WWV out of Ft. Collins Co. Well damn sure ain't going to hear anything on 4.625 MHz that far this time of day .
I 'll check it tonight and give an update .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 955441
United States
06/05/2010 02:25 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years yep i heard about this and i am shitting bricks .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 948407
You need to get out more .
You need to get out more .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 992361
United Kingdom
06/05/2010 02:30 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years yep i heard about this and i am shitting bricks .
You need to get out more .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 955441
NO !
Remain Indoors !
the ' event ' will start any day now !
NO ! Remain Indoors ! the ' event ' will start any day now !
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 969767
Canada
06/05/2010 02:35 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years
" Another explanation for the constant buzzer is the High - frequency Doppler method for ionosphere research [ 10 ] described in the Russian Journal of Earth Sciences , in which radio waves are reflected from ionosphere inhomogeneities .
Changes of an ionosphere state can be caused by solar geophysical or seismic events .
This method involves comparing a continuous radio transmission which is reflected by the ionosphere with a stable basic generator .
The continuously transmitted carrier frequency currently used for this research matches that of the Russian Buzzer . "
Project Blue Beam
[ link to brainbender.blogspot.com ]
Large Holographic projectors to project images of UFO 's in the sky .
The images could also project Muhammad or Jesus in the sky .
HAARP can be used to energize the ionosphere and draw designs in the sky .
The space shuttle is 1940 's technology .
The US has much more sophisticated flying machines .
It 's the countdown to the start of the Project Blue Beam .
" Another explanation for the constant buzzer is the High - frequency Doppler method for ionosphere research [ 10 ] described in the Russian Journal of Earth Sciences , Changes of an ionosphere state can be caused by solar geophysical or seismic events .
This method involves comparing a continuous radio transmission which is reflected by the ionosphere with a stable basic generator .
The continuously transmitted carrier frequency currently used for this research matches that of the Russian Buzzer .
" Large Holographic projectors to project images of UFO 's in the sky .
The images could also project Muhammad or Jesus in the sky .
The space shuttle is 1940 's technology .
The US has much more sophisticated flying machines .
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 993147
Germany
06/05/2010 02:39 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years Large Holographic projectors to project images of UFO 's in the sky .
The images could also project Muhammad or Jesus in the sky .
HAARP can be used to energize the ionosphere and draw designs in the sky .
The space shuttle is 1940 's technology .
The US has much more sophisticated flying machines .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 969767
The moment I see a 3 - D Jesus in the sky riding a donkey I 'll probably die from laughing .
Seriously , who is going to fall for this shit , except maybe the retarded Christians ?
The moment I see a 3 - D Jesus in the sky riding a donkey I 'll probably die from laughing .
Seriously , who is going to fall for this shit , except maybe the retarded Christians ?
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 745632
United States
06/05/2010 02:40 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years
Is there link to a story saying that it has stopped recently or just someone with their own radio saying it stopped ?
Exactly when did it stop
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 745240
United States
06/05/2010 02:43 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years I do n't get the significance of this .
Why is this important ?
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 925775
it is insignificant
it is unimportant
tho it is interesting
carry on
it is insignificantit is unimportanttho it is interestingcarry on
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 969767
Canada
06/05/2010 02:45 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years Large Holographic projectors to project images of UFO 's in the sky .
The images could also project Muhammad or Jesus in the sky .
HAARP can be used to energize the ionosphere and draw designs in the sky .
The space shuttle is 1940 's technology .
The US has much more sophisticated flying machines .
The moment I see a 3 - D Jesus in the sky riding a donkey I 'll probably die from laughing .
Seriously , who is going to fall for this shit , except maybe the retarded Christians ?
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 993147
I had my second dream about Blue Beam last night ( do n't ask me why , I wondering as well ) , and it looks like shit and like projections .
I 'm also wondering who will fall for it ...
But in my last night dream , the projections were accompanied by a violent earthquake , destroying high rises and creating havoc ...
So , they might kick in HAARP and their light show together , for a double punch whammy effect , who knows ...
Would make it more convincing I guess .
I had my second dream about Blue Beam last night ( do n't ask me why , I wondering as well ) , and it looks like shit and like projections .
I 'm also wondering who will fall for it ... But in my last night dream , the projections were accompanied by a violent earthquake , destroying high rises and creating havoc ...
So , they might kick in HAARP and their light show together , for a double punch whammy effect , who knows ...
Would make it more convincing I guess .
Spec ( OP )
User ID : 987632
United Kingdom
06/05/2010 02:48 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years wuw wuw wuw , op you saying it is a message to someone ?
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 515108
It could be many things , as there is no validated reason as to why these stations excist , there are plenty more of these stations as well , there is so many differant theories as to why it has stopped and what it does , such as :
Agents in differant countries who must remain unidentified , the signal broadcasting the voice codes could give directions etcetera , if the station stops it could possibly mean that the agents or whomever should evacuate back ASAP - but this is me just giving an example .
Differant stations stopping could mean differant warnings to the military , it could be an early indetification to a disaster , it could mean that the intended listeners must switch to a differant broadcast or follow next instructions , without understanding how it was designed or having anybody confirm what it means there is not much we can do apart from research and give opinions ...
Either way I find it spooky that it has stopped after so many years of 24/7 broadcasting .
It obviously emans something important otherwise it would not have broadcasted so much in my opnion .
( Perhaps it is worth listing other radio stations and noting down whether they have changed tones or even stopped broadcasting as well ) .
It could be many things , as there is no validated reason as to why these stations excist , there are plenty more of these stations as well , there is so many differant theories as to why it has stopped and what it does , such as : Agents in differant countries who must remain unidentified , the signal broadcasting the voice codes could give directions etcetera , if the station stops it could possibly mean that the agents or whomever should evacuate back ASAP - but this is me just giving an example .
Differant stations stopping could mean differant warnings to the military , it could be an early indetification to a disaster , it could mean that the intended listeners must switch to a differant broadcast or follow next instructions , without understanding how it was designed or having anybody confirm what it means there is not much we can do apart from research and give opinions ...
Either way I find it spooky that it has stopped after so many years of 24/7 broadcasting .
It obviously emans something important otherwise it would not have broadcasted so much in my opnion .
( Perhaps it is worth listing other radio stations and noting down whether they have changed tones or even stopped broadcasting as well ) .
IK
User ID : 993591
Switzerland
06/05/2010 02:50 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Russian shortwave Station stops transmission after 30 ~ years
Quote :- Another explanation for the constant buzzer is the High - frequency Doppler method for ionosphere research [ 10 ] described in the Russian Journal of Earth Sciences , in which radio waves are reflected from ionosphere inhomogeneities .
Changes of an ionosphere state can be caused by solar geophysical or seismic events .
This method involves comparing a continuous radio transmission which is reflected by the ionosphere with a stable basic generator .
The continuously transmitted carrier frequency currently used for this research matches that of the Russian Buzzer ( 4.625 MHz ) .
see wiki
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 637136 SO , if the RB , goes , stopping its pulse , then obvious this will indicate , major dynamic change .
Lets note the date it stopped , 6th nite ect .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Security for key US military supply routes in Afghanistan is in the hands of a small group of powerful Afghan warlords who run a massive protection racket and may be paying off the Taliban , according to a Congressional report being released Tuesday .
The report , an advance copy of which was obtained by The Nation , discloses that the Army has opened a criminal investigation into the payoffs , as an Army Criminal Investigation Command spokesman confirmed this evening to the Associated Press .
Ad Policy
The jarring report , called “ Warlord , Inc , ” is the result of a six - month investigation prompted by a Nation cover story last November , " How the US Funds the Taliban , " about the largest US logistics contract in Afghanistan .
Under that $ 2.16 billion contract , called Host Nation Trucking ( HNT ) , the US Army has hired eight civilian trucking firms to transport supplies to the web of combat outposts and bases set up through Afghanistan .
The Nation story , which was reported in conjunction with the Investigative Fund of The Nation Institute , described how US taxpayer dollars being funneled into an elaborate system of extortion in Afghanistan as well - connected security firms made payoffs to warlords allied with insurgents for safe passage of US military goods .
In the HNT contract , firms pay for their own private security , with little oversight from the US government .
The report by the Subcommittee on National Security and Foreign Affairs says the resulting system promotes corruption and strengthens warlords — while the US military looks on .
The contract “ fuels warlordism , extortion , and corruption , ” the report asserts , “ and it may be a significant source of funding for insurgents . "
“ When HNT contractors self - reported to the military that they were being extorted by warlords for protection payments for safe passage and that these payments were ‘ funding the insurgency , ’ they were largely met with indifference and inaction , ” the report adds .
Among the most significant findings in the report : “ security for the US supply chain is principally provided by warlords ” ; “ the highway warlords run a protection racket ” ; “ protection payments for safe passage are a significant source of funding for the Taliban . ”
“ It ’s outrageous that this is going on , ” said Congressman John Tierney , chairman of the subcommittee , in an interview with The Nation .
“ The evidence indicates a protection racket that would make Tony Soprano proud . ”
Committee investigators obtained emails and documents in which US contractors repeatedly warned the US military that they were paying bribes and being extorted , and that US taxpayer funds might be going to the Taliban .
In 2009 , a contractor wrote frankly to military officers , “ It is believed ” that certain funds “ are being paid as bribes to local Commanders , and therefore inevitably to the enemy . ”
In another case , a contractor wrote in an internal company memo of a meeting with the military where there was discussion of “ funding the insurgency ” with “ what is estimated at 1.6 –2 million Dollars per week . ”
In one e-mail the subcommittee obtained , a US contractor shares explicit details with the military logistics headquarters at Bagram , writing that “ the current price to the Taliban is $ 500 per truck from Kandahar to Herat , $ 50 from Kabul to Ghazni . ”
The contractor complains that “ if we make payment that money will be funneled back into their fight against the Coalition . ”
Driving home how much influence the warlords now have , the report includes a contractor ’s printed list of forty - four military supply routes , each apparently controlled by one of ten warlords .
The subcommittee report compares it to a “ prix fixe menu ” for security .
Committee staff interviewed one key warlord , Commander Ruhullah , who was first identified in the Nation article , calling him “ the single largest security provider for the US supply chain in Afghanistan . ”
The report says Ruhullah , nicknamed “ The Butcher ” by villagers along his route , has a private army of 600 armed guards .
“ Despite this critical and sensitive role , ” the report says , underlining the chaotic nature of Afghan security , “ nobody from the Department of Defense or the U.S. intelligence community has ever met with him ( except for a brief detention by U.S. Special Forces on what he says are false drug charges ) . ”
As The Nation had previously reported , Ruhullah operated with a private security company called Watan Risk , which is owned by Ahmad Rateb Potal and Rashid Popal .
Both men are cousins of Afghanistan ’s President Hamid Karzai , and both have old convictions for federal heroin charges in the United States .
According to the report , Ruhullah denied bribing the Taliban , but admitted he paid bribes to “ governors police chiefs , and army generals . "
He said he guarded 3,500 trucks per month , charging up to $ 1,500 a truck , a fee that ultimately comes from US taxpayers .
The committee report found that the Department of Defense oversight of the multibillion - dollar contract was “ virtually non-existent . ”
The officer in charge of the technical contract oversight told committee staff that his unit had “ zero visibility ” over the subcontractors who actually did the work bringing supplies to various US bases and outposts .
One lieutenant colonel to whom contractors had complained told the committee that he could n’t have investigated .
“ That was way , way , way , way above my level , ” he said , “ my job was to get barrels of insulating foam for tents out to Dwyer so Marines did n’t suffocate from heat exhaustion . ”
While the military unit that oversaw the contract treated the allegations with " indifference , " according to the subcommittee , there was a criminal investigation launched .
The subcommittee released a PowerPoint from the Criminal Investigation Command - Afghanistan entitled " Host Nation Trucking .
Payments to Insurgents . "
Most of the slides have been redacted .
In one e-mail cited by the committee , dated in December 2009 , a military commander says , " We had the FBI , CIA , CID and 3 or 4 other acronym agencies in the office to work this topic . "
On Saturday , a large , successful World Cup 2010 event was held at Claddagh Irish Pub in the Brewery District where an estimated 2500 - 3000 people showed up .
The doors opened early , a large outdoor viewing area was erected and an extra beer truck was parked outside to accommodate the larger - than - expected crowd .
According to Patrick Guldan , author of “ An American Game ” soccer blog , this event has resulted in the exodus of well - liked Claddagh General Manager Craig McConville after public beratement by corporate management .
To read Patrick ’s full blog post about the event , click here : “ Claddagh : Ruining a Good Thing ( As We Know It ) “ .
Update ( June 15th ) – Part II : The Grisly Details .
The number of unemployed people in the UK has grown by 23,000 to reach 2.47 million , over the three months to April this year , says the Office for National Statistics .
The rate of unemployment has also increased to 7.9 per cent in the same period , with nearly 7000 jobs being cut in the public sector .
However , unemployment fell in some parts of the country , including Wales and the north - east of England .
The number of people claiming Jobseeker 's Allowance also fell by 30,900 to 1.48 million in May .
The highest recorded number of people classed as economically inactive , 8.19 million - representing 21.5 per cent of the working - age population - was also marked in the quarter to April .
Man proposes ; nature disposes .
We are seldom more vulnerable than when we feel insulated .
The miracle of modern flight protected us from gravity , atmosphere , culture , geography .
It made everywhere feel local , interchangeable .
Nature interjects , and we encounter – tragically for many – the reality of thousands of miles of separation .
We discover that we have not escaped from the physical world after all .
Complex , connected societies are more resilient than simple ones – up to a point .
During the east African droughts of the early 1990s , I saw at first hand what anthropologists and economists have long predicted : those people who had the fewest trading partners were hit hardest .
Connectivity provided people with insurance : the wider the geographical area they could draw food from , the less they were hurt by a regional famine .
But beyond a certain level , connectivity becomes a hazard .
The longer and more complex the lines of communication and the more dependent we become on production and business elsewhere , the greater the potential for disruption .
This is one of the lessons of the banking crisis .
Impoverished mortgage defaulters in the United States – the butterfly 's wing over the Atlantic – almost broke the global economy .
If the Eyjafjallajökull volcano – by no means a monster – keeps retching it could , in these fragile times , produce the same effect .
We have several such vulnerabilities .
The most catastrophic would be an unexpected coronal mass ejection – a solar storm – which causes a surge of direct current down our electricity grids , taking out the transformers .
It could happen in seconds ; the damage and collapse would take years to reverse , if we ever recovered .
We would soon become aware of our dependence on electricity : an asset which , like oxygen , we notice only when it fails .
As New Scientist magazine points out , an event like this would knacker most of the systems which keep us alive .
It would take out water treatment plants and pumping stations .
It would paralyse oil pumping and delivery , which would quickly bring down food supplies .
It would clobber hospitals , financial systems and just about every kind of business – even the manufacturers of candles and paraffin lamps .
Emergency generators would function only until the oil ran out .
Burnt - out transformers cannot be repaired ; they must be replaced .
Over the past year I 've sent freedom of information requests to electricity transmitters and distributors , asking them what contingency plans they have made , and whether they have stockpiled transformers to replace any destroyed by a solar storm .
I have n't got to the end of it yet , but the early results suggest that they have n't .
There 's a similar lack of planning for the possibility that global supplies of oil might soon peak then go into decline .
My FoI requests to the British government reveal that it has made no contingency plans , on the grounds that it does n't believe it will happen .
The issue remains the preserve of beardy lentil - eaters such as , er , the US joint forces command .
Its latest report on possible future conflicts maintains that " a severe energy crunch is inevitable without a massive expansion of production and refining capacity " .
It suggests that " by 2012 , surplus oil production capacity could entirely disappear , and as early as 2015 , the shortfall in output could reach nearly 10 m barrels per day " .
A shortage of refining and production capacity is not the same thing as peak oil , but the report warns that a chronic constraint looms behind the immediate crisis : even under " the most optimistic scenario … petroleum production will be hard pressed to meet the expected future demand " .
A global oil shortage would soon expose the weaknesses of our complex economic systems .
As the cultural anthropologist Joseph Tainter has shown , their dependence on high energy use is one of the factors that makes complex societies vulnerable to collapse .
His work has helped to overturn the old assumption that social complexity is a response to surplus energy .
Instead , he proposes , complexity drives higher energy production .
While complexity solves many problems – such as reliance on an exclusively local and therefore vulnerable food supply – it 's subject to diminishing returns .
In extreme cases the cost of maintaining such systems causes them to collapse .
Tainter gives the example of the western Roman empire .
In the third and fourth centuries AD , the emperors Diocletian and Constantine sought to rebuild their diminished territories : " The strategy of the later Roman empire was to respond to a near - fatal challenge in the third century by increasing the size , complexity , power , and costliness of … the government and its army .
…
The benefit / cost ratio of imperial government declined .
In the end the western Roman empire could no longer afford the problem of its own existence . "
The empire was ruined by the taxes and levies on manpower Diocletian and Constantine imposed to sustain their massive system .
Invasion and collapse were the inevitable result .
He contrasts this with the strategies of the Byzantine empire from the seventh century onwards .
Weakened by plague and re-invasion , the government responded with a programme of systematic simplification .
Instead of maintaining and paying its army , it granted soldiers land in return for hereditary military service : from then on they had to carry their own costs .
It reduced the size and complexity of the administration and left people to fend for themselves .
The empire survived and expanded .
A similar process is taking place in the UK today : a simplification of government in response to crisis .
But while the public sector is being pared down , both government and private enterprise seek to increase the size and complexity of the rest of the economy .
If the financial crisis were the only constraint we faced , this might be a sensible strategy .
But the energy costs , environmental impacts and vulnerability to disruption of our super - specialised society have surely already reached the point at which they outweigh the benefits of increasing complexity .
For the third time in two years we 've discovered that flying is one of the weakest links in our overstretched system .
In 2008 the rising cost of fuel drove several airlines out of business .
The recession compounded the damage ; the volcano might ruin several more .
Energy - hungry , weather - dependent , easily disrupted , a large aviation industry is one of the hardest sectors for any society to sustain , especially one beginning to encounter a series of crises .
The greater our dependence on flying , the more vulnerable we are likely to become .
Over the past few days people living under the flight paths have seen the future , and they like it .
The state of global oil supplies , the industry 's social and environmental costs and its extreme vulnerability mean that current levels of flying – let alone the growth the government anticipates – cannot be maintained indefinitely .
We have a choice .
We can start decommissioning this industry while there is time and find ways of living happily with less of it .
Or we can sit and wait for physical reality to simplify the system by more brutal means .
No no no no no .
Ok , this question gives me a chance to complain about something that really bothers me .
I appreciate the compliment and no hard feelings .
The notion that drugs are the only way to come up with interesting or “ psychedelic ” ideas is flawed .
The notion that there is ANY SORT OF SHORTCUT to doing this sort of creative work is flawed .
Assuming that an artist has to take some sort of shortcut to FIND ideas rather than coming up with them on their own and without chemical “ help ” discredits what we ’re doing .
Also I think this whole line of questioning ( “ where do you get your ideas , ” “ do you base your characters on real people , ” “ do you have to use drugs to have ideas ” ) ignores the fact that these ideas are n’t even worth that much - it takes much less to have a good idea than it does to put the hundreds of hours into executing it that it demands .
No one cares about an idea until it is executed .
This being said , I do n’t think that drugs are inherently off - limits as a source of “ inspiration ” or whatever .
Everything we create is composed of elements from everything we experience and everything that goes through our heads , so it ’s sort of artificial to consider drugs , if you use them , off - limits as a source of ideas .
But taking this drug or that is no guarantee that you will have any ideas at all , and it ’s nonsense to think that any ideas you do have will be inherently better than the ideas you have straight .
I have gotten this question before .
It frustrates me that anyone would think I ’m not capable of coming up with material with my brain in its normal place , and it frustrates me that people are taking acid or whatever in hopes of tapping into some magical font of ideas that is not there .
Ideas are hard work , and actually making comics is a thousand times harder .
A native of Los Angeles , yet raised in Europe , Christophe gained valuable experience traveling the world as an international fashion model before beginning his real estate career at age 19 .
Fluent in French and Spanish , Christophe 's continual pursuit of education and training , together with tri-lingual abilities , are assets that benefit his customers .
Continue here »
Christophe does speaking engagements all across the country .
To learn more and request an engagement for your company / organization click here .
Officials in the Omaha Public School System ignored repeated reports of bullying and sexual assault of students , reinforcing the power dynamic on which discrimination depends and sending the message that sexual domination is acceptable .
Editor ’s Note : Bruce Mason , attorney for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit described in this article , is also the author ’s father .
As parents , we have to put a lot of trust and faith in our school officials , particularly when our children are in elementary school .
We send them off , day after day , with fingers crossed that teachers and administrators will keep a watchful eye and help them navigate those tricky waters of growing up .
But we do so knowing that teachers and administrators can only do so much .
Kids get hurt , and sometimes kids hurt each other .
But in the normal course of a school year a child should not be the target of repeated sexual harassment , assault , and abuse .
One incident is criminal , but to have your child become the target of what can only be called a campaign of terror is every parent ’s worst nightmare .
To have that campaign continue as teachers and administrators turn a blind eye is not only inexcusable , it is also against the law .
That ’s the precise scenario facing some parents in the Omaha Public School system ( OPS ) as their children faced years of escalating threats that ultimately led to acts of physical violence .
Despite repeatedly notifying school officials , nothing was done .
Now OPS must answer to a civil rights lawsuit detailing the abuse its students suffered and the reckless indifference shown by school officials .
Both Title IX of the Education Amendments
Act of 1972 and the 14th Amendment prohibit just this kind of scenario .
Just like Title VII protects all employees , regardless of gender , from having to work in a sexually hostile and abusive environment , Title IX offers those same protections for students , while the substantive due process and equal protection guarantees of the 14th Amendment requires that school officials maintain an environment that protects students ’ privacy and bodily integrity .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
According to the facts of the complaint , beginning in the 2007 - 2008 school year one student at Oak Valley Elementary School “ engaged in continuous name calling , threats of violence and sexually explicit remarks ” which he directed at two students while all the students were on school property or in the school , all during school hours .
The parents of those students placed “ numerous ” calls to the principal but nothing was ever done , despite school policies and procedures , state and federal laws requiring otherwise .
The abuse continued into the next school year and , as is typical with bullying , escalated into actual physical assaults .
The principal was once again notified , and the principal again ignored the complaints and failed to address the situation in any fashion .
It was becoming clear that the modus operandi was to turn a blind eye and let the perpetrator skate through the system until he was someone else ’s problem .
By the following school year the physical violence then escalated to sexual violence .
School officials were again notified and still refused to act .
One of the victims was repeatedly called names like “ whore , ” “ slut , ” and “ bitch , ” while another was choked and hit in the face at recess .
The principal ’s response to the parents ’ desperate pleas to do something was to simply note that the offender was “ troubled ” and the principal would speak to him .
And when that “ troubled ” student ’s behavior escalated to grabbing one victim ’s breasts and buttocks , and demanding that she perform oral sex on him , the principal ’s response to the parent and victim was to dismiss the behavior as a result of a “ crush ” and that because the victim was “ well developed ” neither she nor her parents should find this kind of behavior surprising .
The problems with the approach taken by Oak Valley Elementary school are as apparent as they are shocking and they expose the school district to significant legal liability .
As a recipient of federal funding , OPS is bound by Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 , that prohibits a student from being “ excluded from participation in , be[ing ] denied the benefits of , or be[ing ] subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving Federal financial assistance . ”
Since the sexual harassment took place on school grounds during school hours and was persistent and repeated , the failure by the district to take any remedial action also violates the victims ’ equal protection and due process rights protected by the 14th Amendment .
As described by Bruce Mason , attorney for the plaintiffs , the failure of OPS to protect these students is a breach of the most fundamental of duties a school has .
“ If you ca n’t protect students , you ca n’t educate them .
It ’s as simple as that .
The state [ and thusly the school district as a state actor ] has a duty to preserve the privacy and to protect the bodily integrity of its students . ”
The ramifications for a failure to meet this basic duty go much further than the horrific assaults suffered by a handful of students .
“ It ’s very much like sexual harassment in the workplace .
The entire environment is affected . ”
In this case , the school district not only looked the other way , they made the situation much worse .
“ If you put a vulnerable person in a more vulnerable situation then a duty arises to protect those rights . ”
Mason ’s point , and the lawsuit itself , underscores the really insidious nature of sexual harassment that takes place in educational settings .
In this case these are literally children , inching toward and entering puberty .
The assaults , and the response by administrators , reinforce and foster the power dynamic that discrimination depends on .
To the perpetrator it sends the message that sexual domination is not only acceptable , it is appropriate , and sends it at a very young age .
And to the victims it reinforces that their self - worth and value as a person is dependent on their willingness to abide by gendered preferences , regardless of biological sex .
Acting in a gender - appropriate way , including submitting to dominant and aggressive sexual behavior , is your duty .
Just like workplace sexual harassment cases , the biological sex of the victims does n’t matter , and in this case the abuser targeted both young boys and girls alike .
Because , like all acts of sexual violence , this is a story about power , not sex .
That ’s why OPS needs to be held accountable here .
Not just for justice for the victims , but for its simple refusal to acknowledge this fundamental truth–sexual violence is an expression of power , not of desire .
The legal theory of this case is not necessarily unique .
Title IX recognizes a private right of action when a student has been deprived of access to educational services .
But by positioning this case as a civil rights case rather than a simple assault case , Mason makes an important point on behalf of his victims .
School administrators failed to recognize the fundamental dignity and humanity of their students .
Yes , these students were assaulted by a fellow student .
But they were also stripped of their rights by the state .
As parents , when we send our children to school for an education , we send them off in part to learn cultural standards .
Those standards should not include an acceptance of sexual violence .
Too often this kind of behavior is dismissed as simple “ bullying ” and as an overreaction by sensitive parents .
Kids need to “ toughen up . ”
We then eventually read about the tragedies that unfold at the high school level where young girls and boys , victims of sexualized bullying , commit suicide because no one would come to their defense .
How many future offenders start off like this young boy ?
How many blind eyes were turned ?
And how many future acts of sexual violence could have been avoided if school officials had been willing to just do their jobs .
Think Again : Ronald Reagan
“ Ronald Reagan Was the Ultimate Hawk . ”
Not so much .
These days , virtually every time someone on the American right bashes President Barack Obama for kowtowing to dictators or failing to shout that we ’re at war , they light a votive candle to Ronald Reagan .
Former presidential candidate John McCain has called his own foreign - policy views “ a 21st - century policy interpretation of the Reagan Doctrine . ”
His running mate Sarah Palin invokes the Gipper so frequently that some now speculate that she might launch her 2012 presidential bid in his hometown .
As Dick Cheney put it a few years back , speaking for his fellow conservatives , “ We are all Reaganites now . ”
No , actually , you ’re not .
Today ’s conservatives have conjured a mythic Reagan who never compromised with America ’s enemies and never shrank from a fight .
But the real Reagan did both those things , often .
In fact , they were a big part of his success .
Sure , Reagan spent boatloads — some $ 2.8 trillion all told — on the military .
And yes , he funneled money and guns to anti-communist rebels like the Nicaraguan Contras and Afghan mujahideen , while lecturing Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to tear down that wall .
But on the ultimate test of hawkdom — the willingness to send U.S. troops into harm ’s way — Reagan was no bird of prey .
He launched exactly one land war , against Grenada , whose army totaled 600 men .
It lasted two days .
And his only air war — the 1986 bombing of Libya — was even briefer .
Compare that with George H.W. Bush , who launched two midsized ground operations , in Panama ( 1989 ) and Somalia ( 1992 ) , and one large war in the Persian Gulf ( 1991 ) .
Or with Bill Clinton , who launched three air campaigns — in Bosnia ( 1995 ) , Iraq ( 1998 ) , and Kosovo ( 1999 ) — each of which dwarfed Reagan ’s Libya bombing in duration and intensity .
Do I even need to mention George W. Bush ?
In fact , Reagan was terrified of war .
He took office eager to vanquish Nicaragua ’s Sandinista government and its rebel allies in El Salvador , both of which were backed by Cuba and the Soviet Union .
But at an early meeting , when Secretary of State Alexander Haig suggested that achieving this goal might require bombing Cuba , the suggestion “ scared the shit out of Ronald Reagan , ” according to White House aide Michael Deaver .
Haig was marginalized , then resigned , and Reagan never seriously considered sending U.S. troops south of the border , despite demands from conservative intellectuals like Norman Podhoretz and William F. Buckley .
“ Those sons of bitches wo n’t be happy until we have 25,000 troops in Managua , ” Reagan told chief of staff Kenneth Duberstein near the end of his presidency , “ and I ’m not going to do it . ”
Nicaragua and El Salvador were n’t the only places where Reagan proved squeamish about using military force .
In February 1988 , federal courts in Florida indicted Panamanian strongman Manuel Noriega for drug smuggling .
With the U.S. media in a frenzy over drug addiction and Noriega virtually imprisoning Panama ’s elected president , Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams — backed by his boss , George Shultz — began pushing for a U.S. invasion .
Reagan refused and instead tried to convince Noriega to relinquish power in return for having the charges dropped .
When the deal fell through , Abrams redoubled his push for war .
Reagan , however , adamantly rejected any action that would require him to “ start counting up the bodies . ”
It was left to his supposedly “ wimpy ” successor , George H.W. Bush , to depose Noriega with 27,000 U.S. troops .
“ Reagan Banished the Vietnam Syndrome . ”
Yes , but not how you think .
Reagan ’s political genius lay in recognizing that what Americans wanted was a president who exorcised the ghost of the Vietnam War without fighting another Vietnam .
Although Americans enjoyed Reagan ’s thunderous denunciations of Central American communism , 75 percent of them , according to a 1985 Louis Harris survey , opposed invading Nicaragua .
A 1983 ABC poll found that Americans opposed sending troops to El Salvador by almost 6 - to - 1 , even if that meant letting the communists win .
So Reagan created Potemkin Vietnams .
His biographer Lou Cannon calls him “ shameless ” in using Grenada to revive America ’s Vietnam - wounded pride .
The war resulted in more medals per soldier than any military operation in U.S. history .
When he bombed Libya in 1986 , Reagan goosed American nationalism again , declaring , “ Every nickel - and - dime dictator the world over knows that if he tangles with the United States of America , he will pay a price . ”
That last phrase was the key .
America ’s enemies would pay the price , not the American people .
Americans loved Reagan ’s foreign policy for the same reason they loved the 1985 blockbuster Rambo , in which the muscle - bound hero returns to Vietnam , kicks some communist butt , and no Americans die .
Reagan ’s liberal critics often accused him of reviving the chest - thumping spirit that had led to Vietnam .
But they were wrong .
For Reagan , chest - thumping was in large measure a substitute for a new Vietnam , a way of accommodating the restraints on U.S. power while still boosting American morale .
“ Reagan Frightened the Soviet Union into Submission . ”
Hardly .
Reagan ’s role in winning the Cold War lies at the core of the American right ’s mythology .
The legend goes like this : Reagan came into office , dramatically hiked defense spending , unveiled the Strategic Defense Initiative ( his “ Star Wars ” missile shield ) , and aided anti-communist rebels in the Third World .
Unable to keep pace , the Kremlin chose Gorbachev , who threw in the towel .
The problem with this story is that Reagan began abandoning his hard - line anti-Soviet stance in late 1983 , 18 months before Gorbachev took power .
One reason was domestic politics .
Today , commentators tend to believe that Reagan ’s hawkish reputation was always a political asset .
But in 1983 , after more than two years of epic defense spending , virulent Cold War rhetoric , and no arms - control talks , Americans were demanding détente .
Public support for defense spending fell , and the U.S. House of Representatives endorsed a freeze on the production of nuclear weapons .
Fearful that these dovish trends could threaten Reagan ’s re-election , White House chief of staff James Baker pushed Reagan to make an overture to the Soviets , a suggestion backed by Shultz , who was eager to restart arms talks .
Their effort coincided with a change in Reagan , who had long harbored a genuine terror of nuclear war reflected in his decades - old belief — often ignored by backers on the right — that nuclear weapons should eventually be abolished .
The terror had its roots , as did many of Reagan ’s inclinations , in movies .
According to Colin Powell , national security advisor from 1987 to 1989 , Reagan had been deeply affected by the 1951 film The Day the Earth Stood Still , in which space aliens warn earthlings that unless they stop settling their conflicts through war , the powers that be in the galaxy will destroy their planet .
( During his presidency , Reagan repeatedly invoked the prospect of an alien invasion as a reason for the United States and the Soviet Union to overcome their differences .
Whenever he did , Powell would mutter , “ Here come the little green men . ” )
In 1983 , two movies triggered Reagan ’s latent anti-nuclear views : Matthew Broderick ’s WarGames , which portrays a young computer hacker who almost starts a nuclear war , and ABC’s The Day After , which depicts Lawrence , Kansas , in the aftermath of one .
For Reagan , who did n’t draw a sharp contrast between reality and celluloid ( he once told Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir that he had visited Nazi concentration camps when in reality he had only seen them on film ) , the movies were chilling .
Soon after viewing The Day After , Reagan attended a briefing on U.S. military procedure in the event of a Soviet attack , as if the doomsday movies were playing out before him in real life .
His dread only grew by year ’s end when he learned that his nuclear buildup and anti-Soviet speeches had so terrified Kremlin leaders that they interpreted a nato war game as preparation for a real attack and put their military on high alert .
This combination of electoral and psychological anxiety led Reagan , late in his first term , to begin a dramatic rhetorical shift .
Declaring that “ nuclear arsenals are far too high , ” in January 1984 he told the country that “ my dream is to see the day when nuclear weapons will be banished from the face of the Earth . ”
By summer , he had largely scrapped preconditions on meeting Soviet leaders , and in September Time magazine reported that he told Soviet Foreign Minister Andrei Gromyko the United States “ respects the Soviet Union ’s status as a superpower and has no wish to change its social system . ”
Reagan ’s sudden infatuation with arms control did n’t initially bear fruit , mostly because Soviet leader Konstantin Chernenko had one foot in the grave .
But in March 1985 , within hours of Gorbachev ’s selection , Reagan invited him to a summit without preconditions .
The same year , he overruled administration hard - liners and quietly scrapped some older submarines so the United States would not violate the never - ratified SALT II Treaty and thus anger the Kremlin .
When Soviet troops in East Germany killed a U.S. soldier , giving Reagan a perfect excuse to avoid meeting his Soviet counterpart , he instead told journalists that such incidents just made him want to meet Gorbachev more .
When they did meet in Geneva , in November , Reagan whispered to Gorbachev , “ I bet the hard - liners in both our countries are bleeding when we shake hands . ”
An initial meeting scheduled for 15 minutes lasted five hours .
The following year , in Reykjavik , Iceland , Reagan and Gorbachev came within a whisker of agreeing to destroy all their nuclear weapons ( a deal Reagan scuttled because he would not limit “ Star Wars ” ) .
But in 1987 , the two men signed the Intermediate - Range Nuclear Forces ( INF ) Treaty , the Cold War ’s most far - reaching arms - reduction agreement .
By 1988 , though the Soviet Union had not yet released Eastern Europe from its grip , Reagan was explicitly denying that the Soviet Union still constituted an “ evil empire ” and had begun calling Gorbachev “ my friend . ”
And contrary to the conservative fable , it was this second - term dovishness that played the crucial role in enabling Gorbachev ’s reforms .
From virtually the moment he took office , Gorbachev was desperate to cut military spending , which by the mid-1980s constituted a mind - bending 40 percent of the Soviet budget .
But within the Politburo , vast unilateral cuts would have been politically impossible ; Gorbachev needed an American partner .
And once he found that partner in the less - menacing second - term Reagan , Gorbachev was able to convince his Kremlin colleagues that the Soviet Union could risk losing its Eastern European security belt without fearing Western attack .
In the words of longtime Soviet Ambassador to the United States Anatoly Dobrynin , “ If Reagan had stuck to his hard - line policies in 1985 and 1986 … Gorbachev would have been accused by the rest of the Politburo of giving everything away to a fellow who does not want to negotiate .
We would have been forced to tighten our belts and spend even more on defense . ”
“ Conservatives Loved Reagan . ”
Not always .
As early as 1982 , after Reagan skirmished with Israel , declined to send U.S. troops to Central America , and refused to cut off Western loans to communist Poland , Commentary ’s Norman Podhoretz declared that neoconservatives were “ sinking into a state of near political despair . ”
New York Times columnist William Safire announced that “ if Ronald Reagan fails to awake to the hard - liners ’ anger at his betrayal , he will discover that he has lost his bedrock constituency . ”
By 1984 , after Reagan withdrew troops from their peacekeeping mission in Lebanon , Podhoretz moaned that “ in the use of military power , Mr. Reagan was much more restrained ” than his right - wing supporters had hoped .
But that was nothing compared with the howls of outrage that accompanied Reagan ’s dovish turn toward the Soviet Union .
In 1986 , when Reagan would not cancel his second summit with Gorbachev over Moscow ’s imprisonment of an American journalist , Podhoretz accused him of having “ shamed himself and the country ” in his “ craven eagerness ” to give away the nuclear store .
Washington Post columnist George Will said the administration had crumpled “ like a punctured balloon . ”
When Reagan signed the INF Treaty , most Republicans vying to succeed him came out in opposition .
Grassroots conservative leaders established the Anti-Appeasement Alliance to oppose ratification and ran newspaper advertisements comparing Gorbachev to Hitler and Reagan to Neville Chamberlain .
Reagan , wailed Will , is “ elevating wishful thinking to the status of political philosophy . ”
Therein lay the rub .
Reagan ’s conservative allies were mostly pessimists .
They saw conflict as the eternal reality of world affairs .
But Reagan was a radical optimist who thought that every story should have a happy ending .
Will wrote that he “ is painfully fond of the least conservative sentiment conceivable , a statement taken from an anti-conservative , Thomas Paine :
‘ We have it in our power to begin the world over again . ’
Any time , any place , that is nonsense . ”
But it was because Reagan could envision a dramatically better world that he could see the opportunity Gorbachev offered — and seized the chance to bring it about .
His conservative critics , by contrast , were so convinced that the world was a nasty place that they blinded themselves to the possibility of radical progress , even when it was occurring before their very eyes .
“ Reagan Was Tough on Terror . ”
Wrong Again .
George W. Bush ’s administration endlessly compared its battle against jihadi terrorism to Reagan ’s battle against Soviet communism .
But the irony is that in Reagan ’s own “ war on terror , ” his policies more closely resembled Obama ’s than Bush’s .
For starters , Reagan was not exactly seen as tough on terror in Jerusalem .
A few months into his presidency , he announced that the United States would sell AWACS surveillance planes to Riyadh , advanced aircraft that would make it harder for Israel to launch a pre-emptive military strike against Saudi Arabia ( as it had done against Egypt in 1967 ) .
When Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin expressed “ profound regret and unreserved opposition , ” Reagan shot back that it was “ not the business of other nations to make American foreign policy . ”
In 1981 , when Israel did strike Iraq , bombing its Osirak nuclear reactor , Reagan backed a U.N. resolution condemning the move .
And in 1982 , when Israel attacked West Beirut in an effort to destroy Yasir Arafat ’s PLO , Reagan told Begin that Israel ’s behavior constituted a “ holocaust . ”
( Begin , whose parents and older brother were murdered by the Nazis , did not appreciate the line . )
That summer , after U.S. diplomats negotiated a cease - fire in Lebanon , Reagan sent Marines to help enforce it .
They were still there on Oct. 23 , 1983 , when a terrorist later linked to Hezbollah detonated a truck filled with TNT outside the barracks where the 1st Battalion , 8th Marines slept , killing 241 young Americans .
It was a seminal moment in the growing collision between American power and jihadi terror .
Rhetorically , Reagan did his best John Wayne .
“ He may be ready to surrender , ” Reagan barked after House Speaker Tip O’Neill proposed withdrawing the remaining Marines in February 1984 , “ but I ’m not . ”
Then — just weeks later — Reagan withdrew them .
In 1985 , after a U.S. Navy diver was shot in the hijacking of TWA Flight 847 , Reagan once again channeled John Wayne as he vowed , “ America will never make any concessions to terrorists . ”
But within months , he was not only making concessions , he was selling anti-tank and anti-aircraft missiles to Iranian “ moderates ” in the hope that they would use their influence to help free Americans taken hostage by Hezbollah in Beirut .
Midge Decter , Podhoretz ’s wife and a noted neoconservative in her own right , declared herself “ disgusted ” by Reagan ’s capitulation in Lebanon .
But to Reagan , the mistake was having sent the Marines in the first place .
Almost five years later , in his final moments as president , he told press secretary Marlin Fitzwater that “ the only regret I have after eight years is sending those troops to Lebanon . ”
Then he saluted and walked out of the Oval Office for the last time .
“ George W. Bush Was a Reaganite . ”
Yes and no .
In one sense , Bush did indeed carry on Reagan ’s legacy .
Like Reagan , and unlike most traditional conservatives , he believed that the world could be rapidly and radically improved .
And like Reagan , he believed that dictators , or at least anti-American dictators , would be swept away by history ’s tide .
The difference is that although Reagan was optimistic about ends , he was cautious about means .
His confidence that America would eventually win the Cold War was tempered by his post - Vietnam lack of confidence that the United States could easily win hot wars .
He believed that history was moving America ’s way , but doubted that the 101st Airborne could speed it up .
Bush , by contrast , took office after a decade of U.S. military successes : from Panama in 1989 and the Gulf War in 1991 to Bosnia in 1995 and Kosovo in 1999 .
With each victory , U.S. resistance to military intervention receded .
The public grew more pliant , Democrats grew more fearful of looking weak , and the generals who warned of Vietnam - style quagmires came to seem like boys crying wolf .
Of course , the 9/11 attacks gave Bush a massive jolt of popularity and sent Congress diving for cover , all of which made the invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq much easier .
But had 9/11 occurred on Reagan ’s watch , when Vietnam still stung and even toppling Manuel Noriega seemed a monumental task , it is unlikely the United States would have invaded and occupied two distant countries within 18 months .
CENTCOM , the combatant command that oversaw the Afghanistan and Iraq wars , did n’t even exist when Reagan took office in 1981 .
Eight years later , the U.S. ground presence in the Middle East was still restricted to a Navy supply base in tiny Bahrain and a few hundred peacekeepers in the Sinai desert .
Bush ’s wars were not only a response to a devastating terrorist attack ; they reflected a geopolitical appetite that had grown dramatically during the triumphant 12 years after Reagan left the political scene .
“ Obama Is the New Reagan . ”
He could be .
In a hundred ways , Obama and Reagan are different .
But there are parallels between the moments in which they came to power .
Like Reagan , Obama took office in an environment that severely constrains the ability of the United States to launch new military campaigns .
For many contemporary conservatives , being a Reagan disciple means acting as if there are no limits to American strength .
But the real lessons of Reaganism are about how to wield national power and bolster national pride when your hands are partially tied .
That does n’t mean Obama should mimic all of Reagan ’s policies , some of which were deeply misguided .
But Obama can , and should , be Reaganesque in his effort to project great strength at low risk .
That means understanding that America ’s foreign - policy debates are often cultural debates in disguise .
Reagan was a master of symbolic acts — like awarding the Medal of Honor to overlooked Vietnam hero Roy Benavidez — that made Americans feel as though they were exorcising Vietnam ’s ghost without refighting the war .
Obama must be equally shrewd at a time when he has no choice but to retreat from Iraq and eventually Afghanistan .
That means more than ritual incantations about flag and country ; it means rhetorically challenging those who unfairly attack the United States .
From a purely foreign - policy perspective , publicly confronting Iran ’s Mahmoud Ahmadinejad or Venezuela ’s Hugo Chávez when they malign the United States , or calling out universities that ban military recruiters from campus , might seem useless .
But for U.S. presidents , there is no pure foreign - policy perspective ; being effective in the world requires domestic support .
If Obama does not want to be Jimmy Carter , if he does not want Americans to equate his restraint with their humiliation , he must be as aggressive as Reagan in finding symbolic ways to soothe Americans ’ wounded pride .
Even more importantly , Obama must rebuild U.S. economic strength .
Although Reagan boosted the defense budget , he saw the contest between the United States and the Soviet Union fundamentally as a struggle between political and economic systems in which the dynamism of American capitalism was the West ’s trump card .
As a liberal taking office in the wake of a financial collapse , Obama is rightly concerned not only about capitalism ’s dynamism , but also its stability and decency .
Still , the crucial insight is that power in world affairs rests on economic strength .
Obama needs to remind Americans that their most successful Cold War presidents — Reagan included — saw the conflict as a primarily economic struggle .
Soviet communism threatened the United States less because the Red Army might overrun Western Europe than because , for a time at least , it represented a serious competitor for the hearts and minds of people across the globe .
In that regard , it is not jihadi fanaticism that has taken the Kremlin ’s place .
After all , even in the Muslim world , barely anyone really believes that al Qaeda , the Taliban , or Iran ’s ruling clerics can build a society prosperous and stable enough to challenge the West .
The better analogue is China ’s 21st - century authoritarian capitalism , which has built a record of political stability and economic dynamism that has captured the imagination of people ( and governments ) throughout the developing world .
In the nascent economic and ideological struggle between the United States and China , wars that Washington cannot possibly pay for — and which leave the country more reliant on foreign central bankers — do n’t make America stronger ; they make it weaker .
Of course , the United States and China are far more economically interdependent than were the United States and the Soviet Union .
But within every interdependent relationship lies a balance of power , and Obama ’s leverage over China will depend in large measure on his ability to stop hemorrhaging money , lives , and attention in the Muslim world so he can rebuild the political and economic institutions that form the foundation of U.S. national strength .
Do that , and the American model can triumph again , peacefully .
Ronald Reagan — if not his contemporary right - wing admirers — would understand .
Play Chess at Caissa 's Web !
Caissa 's
Web is a free online chess server offering both live ( real - time ) and correspondence ( turn - based ) chess using only a web browser — no software to download .
We also offer live iPhone chess play , chess videos , online chess tools , Chess960 games , and a chess encyclopedia .
Sign
Up for a FREE membership and play online chess now !
Image caption Turkish planes are flying more than 500 activists out of Israel
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel had " no other choice " but to stop the flotilla of ships which tried to break the Gaza blockade on Monday .
Nine activists were killed when Israeli troops raided one of the ships in an operation widely criticised by Turkey , which recalled its ambassador in protest , and others .
" This was not a love boat , this was a boat of hate , " Mr Netanyahu said .
Planes carrying hundreds of expelled activists have arrived in Turkey .
They landed in Istanbul from Israel 's Ben Gurion airport in the early hours of Thursday .
Earlier , two Turkish air ambulances had flown those wounded during the storming of the aid ships to Ankara .
The deportations follow the expulsion of about 120 other activists from mainly Muslim countries who were taken by bus to Jordan earlier on Wednesday .
International outcry
Four of the activists who were killed were Turkish , and Turkey 's parliament has called for relations with Israel to be reviewed .
As activists accused Israeli forces of brutality , the Geneva - based UN Human Rights Council voted to set up an independent international inquiry into the raid .
UN chief Ban Ki-moon also demanded that Israel lift its blockade of the Gaza Strip immediately .
Mr Ban called the siege " counter - productive , unsustainable and wrong " .
AT THE SCENE Turkish diplomats have been helping with what is in effect a mass evacuation , with many protesters injured in the Israeli commando raid also due to be leaving .
Journalists have not been allowed in to see the activists .
It has emerged that most are travelling with no belongings other than their passports and clothes .
Mobile phones , cameras and other equipment they were carrying are still in Israeli hands , according to a foreign ministry spokesman at the airport .
He said Israel still needed to carry out what he called security checks on the equipment .
When they finally leave , many will be waiting to hear the activists ' version of events .
In pictures : Gaza activists freed Q&A : Israeli raid on aid flotilla Guide : Gaza under blockade Gaza flotilla raid sparks press fury
UK Prime Minister David Cameron and the international Quartet 's Middle East envoy , former UK Prime Minister Tony Blair , also called for the blockade to be lifted .
" What [ Israel ] should be doing is allow material in to rebuild homes and sanitation and power and water systems , and allow business to flourish , " Mr Blair told Reuters news agency in an interview in Bethlehem .
The Israeli prime minister , who visited injured commandos in hospital in Tel Aviv on Tuesday , said the soldiers had been met by a " vicious mob " and had acted to defend themselves .
He said that it was Israel 's duty to prevent rockets and other weapons being smuggled into Gaza to Hamas by Iran and others .
The flotilla , he argued , was not aiming to deliver humanitarian aid to Gazans but was trying to break the blockade .
Israel would not allow Gaza to become an " Iranian port in the Mediterranean " , he said .
He dismissed criticism of the raid as " an attack of international hypocrisy " .
" I regret to say that for many in the international community no evidence is needed : Israel is guilty until proven guilty , " he remarked .
Earlier , Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak thanked the commandos involved in the raid when he visited them at their base in Atlit .
" We live in the Middle East , in a place where there is no mercy for the weak and there are n't second chances for those who do n't defend themselves , " he was quoted by Haaretz newspaper as saying .
Israel is still holding three Israeli Arabs who were detained on the flotilla .
President Obama and congressional Democrats cite the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster as a powerful reason to pass climate legislation , but economists see a flaw with the link : Leading Senate measures would do little to curb petroleum use .
Legislation aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions largely targets electric utilities .
Although it would affect oil refiners , economists said , proposed policies would trigger only minor fuel price increases , too small to alter how much people drive , whether they buy airline tickets or what kind of vehicles they purchase .
" The link between the oil spill and the climate bill in my view is very weak , " said Denny Ellerman , economist and part - time professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
" People are kidding themselves , " he said , to believe that penalizing carbon pollution will significantly shrink oil imports or the need for offshore drilling .
Democrats stepped up their push for climate legislation soon after the April 20 BP PLC oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
And Obama in his June 15 Oval Office speech urged the nation to " rally together " in a " national mission " to reduce reliance on oil and coal .
" No matter how much we improve our regulation of the industry , drilling for oil these days entails greater risk , " Obama said .
" After all , oil is a finite resource .
We consume more than 20 percent of the world 's oil , but have less than 2 percent of the world 's oil reserves . "
" The transition to clean energy has the potential to grow our economy and create millions of jobs -- but only if we accelerate that transition , " Obama added .
" Only if we seize the moment . "
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) in a June 7 Senate floor statement said the oil spill disaster " underscores our need for a new energy policy . "
" That means immediately refocusing our efforts on clean and renewable energy -- like the sun , the wind and geothermal energy -- improving energy efficiency and using more biofuels , " Reid said , adding : " We need better options than oil , and we needed them yesterday . "
Americans use large amounts of gasoline , diesel , jet fuel and other items from oil .
Petroleum products make up 37 of the country 's energy consumption , according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration .
But a larger share of energy use comes in the electric utility sector .
Fuels primarily used by utilities -- natural gas , coal , nuclear power and renewable sources -- make up about 63 percent of U.S. energy use .
The climate bill that passed the House and those being considered by the Senate target ways to change electric utility power use , as that sector is responsible for a third of U.S. carbon emissions .
H.R. 2454 ( pdf ) from Reps. Henry Waxman ( D - Calif. ) and Ed Markey ( D - Mass . ) and the " American Power Act ( pdf ) " from Sens.
John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) and Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) each would set up a system to cap carbon emissions and let businesses buy and sell allowances covering those emissions .
The " CLEAR Act ( pdf ) " from Sens. Maria Cantwell ( D - Wash . ) and Susan Collins ( R - Maine ) would require energy producers to bid for carbon shares , returning 75 percent of the proceeds to taxpayers and 25 percent to clean energy research and development .
All of those would affect the transportation sector , but only on a small scale , economists said .
A U.S. Energy Information Administration analysis of the Waxman - Markey bill said that its cap - and - trade system would shrink petroleum use 5 percent by 2030 versus the level expected in that year without the bill .
That is about 1 million barrels of oil a day .
( Right now , Americans consume about 19.5 million barrels a day . )
That 5 percent drop could easily be less if there 's rapid economic growth , Ellerman said .
The petroleum use decrease could also be more , he said , if there were a technological advance such as a better biofuel or more advanced batteries for storing alternative power .
But the conflict in trying to address oil use through existing legislation is that one of the best economic solutions is n't politically palatable , analysts said .
" You do n't have a lot of options for reducing oil use significantly unless you 're going to raise the price , " said Alan Krupnick , co-director of Resources for the Future 's Center on Energy Economics and Policy .
Changing behavior
When it comes to oil products , people 's behavior is fairly fixed , especially over the short term , analysts said .
Even when prices rise , people initially do n't make adjustments , because there are n't ready substitutes for oil , said Ken Green , resident scholar at American Enterprise Institute .
People must drive to get to work , he said , and most lack options like public transportation or moving closer to their job .
" There 's a fundamental misconception that there are alternatives that are available in sufficient quantities , " Green said .
" People have been convinced by the environmentalists that something exists that does n't . "
In addition to gasoline , Green said , oil is used for jet fuel , diesel for trucks and a host of manufactured products , including plastic .
Policies in the climate bills would render only small changes in fuel prices in the short term .
A $ 20 price for a carbon ton under Waxman - Markey , Kerry - Lieberman and Cantwell - Collins would result in about a 20 - cents - per - gallon increase in gasoline pump prices , Ellerman said .
" We 've seen much bigger changes through crude oil price swings , " Ellerman said , adding , " It 's not going to drive people out of cars .
Let 's not kid ourselves . "
He added , " It will have some marginal effect .
It 's not going to be that noticeable . "
Kerry spokeswoman Whitney Smith cited an analysis from the PPeterson Institute for International Economics that " shows Senator Kerry 's legislation will create 200,000 new jobs a year and will reduce foreign oil imports . "
The report says that the bill would cut imports " 33 to 40 percent below current levels and 9 to 19 percent " below levels expected by 2030 without the bill .
The analysis shows , however , that the Kerry - Lieberman bill would trim total U.S. petroleum consumption less than 6 percent by 2030 compared to without the bill in that year .
" The ' American Power Act ' is fundamentally different than other pieces of energy and climate legislation that have come before it , which is why Senators Kerry and Lieberman were able to rally an unprecedented coalition behind the legislation who have never before endorsed a climate change bill , " Smith said .
The White House did not respond to a request for comment , but Obama in a speech to members of Congress a week after the BP well began spewing crude noted the country 's continued need for fossil fuels , saying " we 're not going to transition out of oil next year or 10 years from now . "
But Obama insisted that climate legislation would start a shift toward cleaner - burning fuels .
A day earlier , in a speech in San Francisco , Obama said , " We 've got to start cultivating solar and wind and biodiesel .
And we 've got to increase energy efficiency across our economy in our buildings and our automobiles . "
Ellerman agreed that " a carbon price would make biofuels more viable . "
But there are also problems with biofuels , he and other analysts said , like competition with food and trees for land , and the greenhouse gas that is produced from turning plants into energy .
Products like algae - based fuel remain in the infancy development stage .
Green argued that government incentives for biofuels are moving income from one place to another , and that they 're offered " because the technology is more expensive . "
The argument that the existing climate bills wo n't affect oil consumption is a " straw man , " said environmentalist Joe Romm , senior fellow at Center for American Progress , because those bills were written before the oil spill .
" If a bill gets to the Senate floor , it will have an oil title that will be considerably more aggressive than what we 've seen before , " Romm said .
There are bills including one ( pdf ) from Sens. Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) and Jeff Merkley ( D - Ore. ) promoting electric car purchases and advanced battery research .
Romm also noted that a " promising strategy " for reducing oil use is electrifying vehicles .
To do that , he said , " you need to simultaneously clean up the electric grid . "
Obama and some in Congress also are talking about passing an energy bill instead of a more sweeping climate bill .
One option is the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee bill ( pdf ) from Chairman Jeff Bingaman ( D - N.M. ) .
The Bingaman measure contains incentives for new energy technologies , a requirement that utilities generate a portion of their power from renewable sources , and a push for energy efficiencies .
The bill does n't cap greenhouse gas emissions and is likely to have even less effect on oil use , analysts said .
Meanwhile , policy changes are already under way that could affect oil use , like the mandate that automakers raise the corporate average fuel economy of their fleet , known as CAFE .
Romm said the CAFE mandate would cut fuel consumption .
But Krupnick and Green argue that it could result in people driving more .
" If you actually make it cheaper for people to go a mile on a gallon of gas , people will drive more miles , " Green said .
Longer view
Oil consumption could fall over the longer term with a sustained price increase for fuel , economists said .
When gasoline hit $ 4 per gallon , people drove less and began abandoning sport utility vehicles .
At car rental facilities , it often cost less to rent SUVs than compact cars , said Krupnick with Resources for the Future .
" That show you the power of pricing , " Krupnick said .
" If gasoline were expensive enough , people would really change their behavior . "
Krupnick added , " Over the long term , people learn to do with less . "
Krupnick believes a tax on oil would be one of the most efficient ways to force down petroleum use .
It would affect all of the oil products , he said .
" If you raise the price of oil , that affects how much you drive , " Krupnick said .
" It affects the type of car you buy .
It affects technological innovation .
People see there is a profit to be made on how to save the use of oil . "
Proceeds from an oil tax could be partly returned to people , he said , in the manner that the Cantwell - Collins bill would do with the carbon tax money .
Even without that , in the later years of the Waxman - Markey and Kerry - Lieberman bills , carbon is expected to be priced at $ 50 a ton or higher .
That could start to have more significant effects on behavior , Ellerman said .
It could also lead to more efficient airplanes , cars and trucks .
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
IF I HAD A MONKEY ...
I would strive to better understand my monkey 's unique emotional needs .
I would meditate daily on the necessity of self - actualization .
I would solder my monkey to an electric can opener and send him to Namibia .
I would register my monkey for Selective Service .
I would force my monkey to service Ernest Borgnine 's needs .
at gunpoint .
I would paint my monkey .
with lead paint .
and blowtorches .
I would sandwich my monkey between creamy layers of marshmallow fluff .
I would buy my monkey a Cowboy Hat .
I would send my monkey to Lindsay in my stead .
if he tried anything , I would fuck his shit up with a toasteroven and a Belgian .
I would lace my monkey into an uninflated football and sell him to the NFL .
I would buy my monkey a lava lamp and see to his grandmother 's daith .
DAITH !
I would philander with my monkey .
I would tamper with my monkey .
I would scoop out my monkey 's brains and send them to Harrison Ford .
I would scoop out my monkey 's brains and send them to Dom Deluise .
I would travel with my monkey .
I would take my monkey to Afghanistan , where the Taliban would blow him up .
I would publish my monkey .
with a machine gun .
in the face .
I would seduce my monkey .
ZAM ZAM ZAM /
ZAM ZAM ZAM /
I would Erica my monkey .
my monkey would be forced to assemble mail - order birdcages for fun and profit .
I would cover my monkey in wood glue and throw him off the Tower of Babel .
I would never understand my monkey .
my monkey would never understand me .
he would however understand that
HIS DEMISE IS IMMINENT .
I would auction off my monkey for fun , profit , and sexual release .
I would take my monkey on Spring Break .
my monkey would make a " Monkeys Gone Wild " video .
I would give my monkey beads if he showed me his monkey tits .
yucky ... hairy monkey boobs .
I would shoot my big - tittied monkey in the face with a taser .
I would rustle up my monkey some grub .
my monkey would be lemon - scented .
because of all the lemons i would stuff up his ass .
my monkey would wash that man right out of his hair .
I would buy my monkey 750 business cards , then set his face on fire .
I would smack my monkey around with a strip of aluminum siding .
I would prepare some delicious applesauce for my monkey , and then I would skin his grandmother alive as he watched .
I would irrigate my monkey 's wound , even if he did not yet have a wound .
I would shoot my monkey with a gigantic laser beam while he was having a mid-day snack .
I would buy my monkey a can of delicious Planter 's Mixed Nuts , and then I would castrate him with a rusty spoon acquired at an antiques shop in Dekalb Junction , New York .
which nuts ?
Deez nutz , monkey .
Deez nutz .
I would convict my monkey .
I would convince my monkey .
I would translate the entire text of the New Testament into Esperanto , and then I would drive over my monkey with a new tractor .
I would force my monkey to sell ink - jet refill kits on the street corner .
I would cover my monkey in marabou .
Marabou saunter across the plains of Africa .
No , Paul ...
Those would be gazelles .
I would film my monkey as he performed random acts of kindness , and then I would cave in his skull with an atlas .
I would celebrate my monkey 's life in song and dance .
I would buy my monkey a one - way ticket to Abject Pain .
I would slip into a trance and smash my monkey with a ball - peen hammer .
I would dance the night away with my monkey , holding him close , smelling the delicious smell of sun-ripened raspberries and monkey musk .
I would amputate my monkey 's face .
I would surgically - attach a bassett hound to my monkey .
I would laugh enthusiastically at my monkey / bassett - hound hybrid .
I would throw the fucker into the river .
DROWN MONKEY / BASSETT -HOUND DROWN !
I would gesso my monkey .
I would cover my monkey with Kraft paper .
I would embarass my monkey by having him stand in the tampon aisle of the grocery store until I counted to forty - thousand .
Unbeknownst to my monkey , I would have actually gone next door to Domino 's for a delicious slice of pepperoni with extra cheese .
I would place a small plastic forklift inside of my monkey 's stomach .
I would send my monkey to Cybertron for more energon cubes .
I would bake biscuits for my monkey .
monkey biscuits .
made with genuine monkey .
( his grandmother . )
I would burn down my monkey 's house if I found out that he was hiding books in there .
I would shove cigars up each of my monkey 's nostrils and set his station wagon on fire .
I would never ever smoke reefer with my monkey .
I would punch my monkey in the belly and poke needles under his toenails .
I would shampoo my monkey .
I would condition my monkey .
I would ring a bell and make my monkey salivate , and then I would bust his nose .
fucking prick .
I would force my monkey to smoke Marlboro 100s until he wept like a little faggy monkey .
I would call my monkey " Cowboy Killer . "
I would have my posse hang my monkey from a piece of rope tied around his neck until he died of suffocation .
I would plummet my monkey .
I would Torres my monkey .
I would send my monkey to Canada on the next Bacon Boat .
I would encase my monkey in concrete and display him at the Methodist Church .
I would cut off my monkey 's ears and buy him some doughnuts .
I would Cut my monkey .
I would Copy my monkey .
I would Paste my monkey .
to the underside of a moving freight train .
I would travel the world with my monkey , bringing joy to hundreds of boys , girls , and the occasional hermaphroditic midget .
I would soar on the flying trapeze with my monkey .
I would Wallenda my monkey .
I would slather my monkey in cocoa butter .
I would grill my monkey .
I would vivisect my monkey for the Good of Science and All Mankind .
I would embalm my monkey .
I might even kill him first .
I would make my monkey into a keychain , and then promptly lose him on the ferry .
I would devise ways to make my monkey love me , and then when he had enough confidence in my capacity for love and ability to sustain a long - term relationship , I would buy him a leprechaun , send him to Paraguay , and stab his grandmother in the monkey face with a pitchfork stolen from the Ingalls farm .
I would buy my monkey some Tube Rose Scotch Snuff .
I would snuff out my monkey 's will to live .
I would sell my monkey to the Mount Pleasant Hose Company .
my monkey and I would travel to wondrous locales such as Fancy Gap and Sugar Notch .
I would whip my monkey into shape .
I would whip my monkey into submission .
my monkey would get stood up .
in front of a firing squad .
I would build my monkey a spaceship and drown him in the Gulf of Mexico .
I would build my monkey 's character .
I would play Legos with my monkey .
I would cut my monkey into segments using only the sheer power of my mind .
I would film my monkey on location in France , Nova Scotia , and Hank 's Meat - Processing Facility on the corner of Jackson and Devane .
I would see to it that my monkey contracted only the finest of Foot and Mouth Diseases .
I would quarantine my monkey .
I would sequester my monkey .
I would routinely subject my monkey to Feats of Strength .
I would give my monkey a beautiful heirloom Meerschaum pipe , and then I would annihilate his homeland .
I would administer the GRE to my monkey with a sledge hammer and a pipe wrench .
I would wrassle my monkey each night before bed .
I would wrassle my monkey each morning upon waking .
I would inject absinthe into my monkey 's nasal cavities .
I would tie my monkey to a balloon and send him to Atlanta .
my monkey would always have a smile on his face .
( it is amazing what taxidermists can do these days . )
I would duct tape several thousand cardboard toilet paper tubes to my monkey .
I would buy my monkey a corncob pipe .
I would smash my monkey 's face with a lead pipe .
* THWACK !*
I would sell my monkey to Jean Valjean .
I would lasso my monkey .
I would hogtie my monkey .
I would dress my monkey in a delightful pleather pantsuit .
I would savagely denounce my monkey 's regime .
I would throw a tantrum .
I would send my monkey an email or two .
I would buy my monkey water .
I would glaze my monkey in Gator Sauce .
I would produce a film about my monkey 's addiction to the smack .
I would throw my monkey into a bottomless pit .
I would teach my monkey how to refinance his household .
I would triangulate my monkey 's position , then drive over his grandmother with a giant traveling hotdog stand shaped like a weiner in a bun .
I would exhibit tireless perfectionism .
my monkey would not exhibit tireless perfectionism .
I 'd make damned sure that fucking monkey would be tired and imperfect , especially with a tire iron sticking out of his cranium .
I would drive him to drink .
I would drive him to drink in Canada .
I would leave him in Canada without a visa , and he would be deported .
I would clothesline my monkey .
I would trampoline my monkey .
I would Anheiser - Busch my monkey .
I would acquire a crocodile upon which my monkey could ride .
I would scan my monkey into a computer and delete him .
I would build my monkey a bridge .
I would dip my monkey in olive oil and sesame seeds .
I would force my monkey to gamble .
I would sell bits and pieces of my monkey to scientists .
I would periodically touch my monkey tenderly with an aluminum baseball bat .
I would periodically smash my monkey with an aluminum baseball bat .
I would file my monkey 's taxes for him .
I would command control of the clouds in the sky .
I would feed my monkey some linoleum pudding .
I would transport my monkey to the holodeck .
I would exile my monkey to Florida .
I would drown my monkey in his own vile sweat , painstakingly collected over the course of an entire summer .
there would be much rejoicing in Compton .
I would strap my monkey down and subject him to Robert Goulet 's verbal history of the Battle of Antietam .
I would strap my monkey down and pay Robert Goulet to violate him with a set of encyclopedias and a wretched little echidna named Duck .
I would photograph my monkey inside of a giant inflatable porpoise .
I would put a twinkle in my monkey 's eye .
I would put the dull blade of an old rusty scythe in my monkey 's eye .
I would teach my monkey how to warble like the morning birds .
I would read the entire text of " To Kill a Mockingbird " to my monkey before bedtime , and then after I tucked him in , I would perform the final act of " To Kill a Monkey . "
I would scream and shout and smack my own ass like a bad bad bad little boyo .
OWWWW !
ROCK AND ROLL !
I would blame Beerman .
I would try to understand why my monkey had no limbs .
I would remember that I had sold them to the limbless man down the street as a poor substitute for his own long - gone appendages .
I would dope up my monkey .
there would be REEFER MADNESS !!!
I would print my monkey 's image on to a large piece of cardboard using the finest in laser printers , and then I would use my monkey for target practice .
I would never be able to have my monkey appraised on The Antiques Roadshow , because I would see to it that he would n't live long enough to become an antique .
I would hand - turn my monkey with a lathe .
I would eat some delicious monkey parfait .
I would exile my monkey in a tiny prison cell located within the Dry Tortugas .
I would sell my monkey to the Shakers .
I would sell my monkey to the Amish .
I would sell my monkey to the crazy man down the road who burns down trailer parks .
I would gift - wrap my monkey and then give him to the Grim Reaper .
I would encourage my monkey to study archaeology , and then I would saute his grandmother 's liver with some chopped peppers and onions for dinner .
I would give my monkey to Michael Crawford .
I would feed my monkey monkey .
I would sometimes take my monkey to the diner for grits , sausage , and a slow and painful death at the murderous hands of Flo .
I would wash my monkey with Herbal Essences shampoo and conditioner , and then I would slam his delicious - smelling hide in a car door .
I would scream niceties at my monkey .
I would turn into a Martian .
ZAM ZAM ZAM /
ZAM ZAM ZAM /
I would reject my monkey like a donated kidney .
I would paint my monkey taupe .
I would twilight my monkey .
my monkey would be treated with the utmost respect by the charlatans and dregs of society to whom I would lease him for a reasonable sum .
I would take a chance take a chance take a chance on me .
I would talk to my doctor about Lipitor .
it would all be very subtle .
I would be cantankerous and afflicted with catarrh .
I would only be able to take the joke so far before repetition set in and I was forced to smash my monkey in the face with a croquet mallet .
I would continue my journey toward Enlightenment .
I would dance like a Kansas City faggot .
I would hold my monkey 's hand as we crossed the street .
my monkey would always beat me at billiards , and then I would beat my monkey with billiards .
it would quickly become a tasty and juicy fried monkey sandwich .
I would dance on the future location of my monkey 's grave , then I would dig a hole , kill my monkey , throw him into the hole , fill it back up with dirt , and then dance on my monkey 's grave .
" Rest ? Rest is for PUSSIES ! " -- Dan Fleming , driving past a rest stop somewhere in Pennsylvania at approximately 5 a.m .
I would throttle my monkey .
my monkey would prepare a large steaming bowl of corn chowder for me each morning upon my waking .
I would stamp a giant pink triangle on to my monkey 's forehead .
I would ask my monkey to count the goats on the side of the mountain .
I would ask my monkey to count the sheep on the side of the mountain .
there would be fourteen goats on the side of the mountain .
there would be one wayward sheep on the side of the mountain .
if my monkey had not correctly counted the number of goats on the side of the mountain , there would be swift and brutal punishment .
punishment would consist of beatings with fists and sticks .
if my monkey had correctly counted the number of goats on the side of the mountain , I would kiss him squarely on the mouth with lots of tongue and no time to breathe .
I would give my monkey Carpal Tunnel Syndrome .
I would give my monkey catarrh .
I would give my monkey a little miniature monkey of his own to beat with fists and sticks .
wait a minute ... monkeys can't make a proper fist !
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA !
oh well .
he could beat his miniature monkey with a stick .
no , wait a minute ... without a thumb , how could my monkey ever firmly grip his stick ?
HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA !!
my monkey would be the God of The Trapezoids .
he would be better than Beerman .
my monkey would chase the pedophiles out of the park with a Volksvagen Vanagon .
my monkey would kick wood chips out of the playground so that the children would have to fall on cold hard concrete when they slipped off the Jungle Gym .
my monkey would be a Loyalist , and i would use a cudgel to break him .
my monkey would chew his cud .
my monkey would be worthless .
my monkey would know the difference between sharp and mild cheddar cheese .
my monkey would be aged to perfection down in the cellar .
I would see to it that my monkey would never be afflicted with Jungle Muffler .
my monkey would have seven - wheel drive and tits .
I would contract my monkey .
my monkey would battle Zeus on Mount Olympus with nothing but an old can of crabmeat and a sheet of gypsum board .
Addie would notorize my monkey , just like she notorized me .
Heh heh .
my monkey would enjoy ham sandwiches and interstellar warfare .
my monkey would steal yearbooks , phonographs , and visors .
I would force my monkey to predict the daily weather for Pakistan each morning at our breakfast .
If he correctly forecast the weather , I would give him some Harrod 's Butter Biscuits .
If he incorrectly forecast the weather , I would give him some Slow and Agonizing Death by Ball - Peen Hammer .
my monkey would pay an exorbitant amount of money to spend the weekend in the Alumni House , and he would suddenly turn into a flying piece of carrot pie named Hellfire .
my monkey would be Japanese Lard .
my monkey would jam with Toad the Wet Sprocket , and then I 'd beat him senseless for being a fag .
my monkey would be Belligerent , and I would be Forced to Gouge His Eyes Out .
I would force my monkey to be Pious , Humble , and Scantily - Clad .
I would stand on the streetcorner with my monkey and be an Organ Grinder .
heh heh ... Organ Grinder .
I think that 's what they call the Chi Omega girls ...
Organ Grinders .
my monkey would face Cleveland and pray fourteen times each day .
I would trade my monkey in for three pounds of sliced pastrami and a life - sized cardboard cutout of Tori Amos .
I would Erica my monkey ...
AGAIN .
my monkey would be clothed in the finest garb made of muslin and broken glass .
I would encourage my monkey to take up a new hobby , like basket - weaving , piano lessons , or dying a slow , painful death at the hands of the former cast of Who 's the Boss ?
Who 's the Boss now , monkey ?
WHO'S THE FUCKING BOSS NOW ?
Tony Danza , monkey .
Tony Danza .
I would tickle my monkey with a backhoe and perhaps some plastic explosives .
I would name my monkey " Josephine . "
I would follow my monkey around with a large lead pipe , the entire time shouting at the top of my lungs : " The FUCK you say ?
The FUCK YOU SAY ? "
I would see to it that each and every one of my monkey 's days were [ dyingdays ] .
I would tie my monkey to Dom Deluise and then push him into the river .
my monkey would not be able to get tickets to the current Broadway production of Mel Brooks ' classic comedy , " The Producers . "
I would give my monkey three free tickets to my new way - off - Broadway production of " How to Kill my Monkey in a Very Slow , Painful and Messy Way . "
I would sell my monkey for magic beans .
hell , I 'd probably sell my monkey for regular beans .
my monkey would simper and snicker .
my monkey would live in constant fear of rejection , which I would give to him in great heaping servings .
I would link to my monkey 's webpage .
I would link to my monkey with a steel chain through his nose .
I would link my monkey to a freight train bound for Alabam ' .
I would give my monkey just one beer to take the edge off each Sunday morning at approximately 11:00 AM .
I would send my monkey into the woods with a basket of goodies for Grandmama .
my monkey and Grandmama would be eaten by the wolf , but I would take the noble hunters out to lunch at the Cracker Barrel , so they would not be around to rescue my monkey or Grandmama from the vile belly of the wolf .
I would startle my monkey .
I would build a fence around my monkey .
I would build a fence with my monkey .
I would make my monkey sleep on the floor .
I would bite my monkey on the left forearm and leave a mouth - shaped bruise that lasts to this very day .
I would not sleep under the covers , but underneath a grassy blanket that would provide its inhabitants of evil biting insect creatures ample opportunity to feast upon drunk Paul .
um ... monkey .
right .
I would go to my monkey 's graduation ceremony at 1 PM Saturday , 12 May 2001 at the Oklahoma Memorial Stadium .
* sigh *
well , I would .
i mean .
fuck .
anyways .
I would chain my monkey to the world 's largest ball of dead monkeys .
I would try to entice my monkey to reveal the location of the secret monkey mating grounds so that I might exact an utter xenocide against his people by dancing seductively for him in my little bellydancer outfit .
I would build my monkey a tiny spaceship and then I 'd sell him for spare parts .
my monkey would huff turps .
heh heh ... " huff turps . "
I would teach my monkey how to ZAM ZAM ZAM /
ZAM ZAM ZAM /
ZAM ZAM ZAM /
yeah , that 's right , biatch .
I would miss my monkey ...
No , wait .
That 's Lindsay .
I would live in denial !
HOORAY FOR ME !
I would send my monkey to Goddard for one week a semester .
I would invite my monkey to my sister 's wedding AND THEN RUIN IT .
I would kiss my monkey on the mouth and punch him in those monkey nads as hard as I could when he tried to slip me the monkey tongue .
I do n't swing that way , Monkey .
I do n't dig on Fallhammer .
I would have my monkey pull out Erica 's wisdom teeth .
I would have my monkey pull out all of Erica 's teeth .
I would force - feed my monkey eight gallons of " Ass in a Bucket " Hot Sauce from the Casa Del Sol .
I would force - feed Erica eight gallons of " Ass in a Bucket " Hot Sauce from the Casa Del Sol .
I would throw comets at my monkey .
my monkey would never ever marry my daughter .
my monkey would never ever marry my son .
I would set fire to my monkey 's tractor .
I would give my monkey my PAYNE GOLDEN DENTAL ART hat .
I would encapsulate my monkey .
my monkey would granulate .
my monkey would harbor ill - feelings for the people of Honduras .
I would rename Honduras " Michelle . "
I would send my monkey to Michelle .
I would Jekyll my monkey .
I would Hyde my monkey .
I would hide my monkey six feet under the ground in a lead coffin .
I would make my monkey visit the elephants at the zoo .
my monkey would exhibit an unnatural interest in alpaca farming .
I would tie rocks to my monkey .
I would tie rock and roll to my monkey .
my monkey would chase Paul Stanley around the parking lot of the Piggly Wiggly , shouting at the top of his monkey lungs , " OWWW ! ROCK AND ROLL !! "
I would ask my monkey for the time .
it would be Time for Kink .
my monkey would stink .
my monkey would take an active role in protesting his own demise by organizing a hunger strike and then I would sell his grandmother to the Mormons .
I would never , ever , EVER twiddle my monkey 's clitoris .
my monkey would urge the people of Romania to revoke the terms of the Kyoto Accord .
my monkey would adhere to fuel efficiency guidelines , and then I would exile him to the ice world of Hoth .
I would confuse my monkey by becoming Palestinian .
I would triangulate my monkey 's position and force him to drink soy milk .
my monkey would be a dancing girl .
my monkey would abhor toasted bread .
my monkey would abhor Abigail .
my monkey would sometimes try to steal Christmas .
my monkey would want to ride the kids like the good bikes do .
my monkey would attempt to start a webpage of poetry written by retards .
my monkey would fight for social injustice .
I would sell my monkey for a bucket of lard and three pounds of old veal .
I would sell my monkey to Spencer Tracy for a bucket of lard and three pounds of old veal .
I would sponge my monkey .
my monkey would attempt to conquer Outer Mongolia .
I would over - charge my monkey for porridge and quail .
I would force my monkey upon the Oregon Trail .
my monkey would have babies .
lots of babies .
my monkey would be a baby machine .
I would sell baby monkeys to the owners of snakes and perhaps badgers .
otters would use tuxedos and pocket - watches .
MY MONKEY'S LUV IS 4U !!!
I would pay cold cash money to watch Baby Jesus wrassle my monkey in a barrel .
I would pay cold cash money to watch my monkey wrassle a badger in a barrel .
I would pay cold cash money for a delicious Baby Jesus sandwich .
I would see if my monkey could walk on water .
if he could not , I would drownded my monkey .
I would shoot subatomic particles through my monkey at speeds faster than light .
I would stitch an oxygen tank to my monkey .
I would savagely hug my monkey with horrible recklessness and impunity .
I would create a famous aeroplane for my monkey .
my monkey would be critical for the war effort .
I would see to it that my monkey 's soul hurt .
I would slather my monkey in bacon grease and toss him to the West Virginians .
I would work the girls hard .
there would be smoke coming out of my monkey .
I would devise a simple and legal way to erase my monkey 's debt .
I would devise a simple and legal way to enlarge my monkey 's penis with natural herbal supplements .
I would Erica my monkey .
yeah , I know .
So ?
I would pull off my monkey 's wings .
my monkey would not be able to find his shorts .
my monkey would command the Salvation Army from his secret bunker in the center of Cheyenne Mountain .
I would NORAD my monkey .
children would quake in fear .
Panama City would drip with fluids .
my monkey would pilot a wooden dinghy .
it would be clear that WASPs were not wanted on my monkey 's base .
I would not go to the crash scene , but the fire would be intense .
I would watch the barracks fire and drink a beer .
my monkey would sing in a whiskey tenor .
HOOOOOOOOOOOOOM .
I would see to it that each night at 3:33 AM EST , I would place my testicles on my monkey 's forehead .
would you like to see Paul 's testicles ?
I would enter my monkey in a film festival .
I would chop his liver .
I would attempt to launch my monkey into Sheboygan .
I would choke on a toothpick , and my monkey would snicker .
I would recover , and chop off my monkey .
I would appoint my monkey as Surgeon General .
I would perform surgery on my monkey with a frozen haddock fin .
I would sell my monkey to Johnny Cochran .
I would have my monkey help O.J. Simpson find the real killer on the golf course .
my monkey would be a footsoldier in the War on Drugs .
my monkey would be useful , mobile , and patriotic .
I would anticipate my monkey .
my monkey would be Hungry for Kink .
I would fend off my monkey .
my monkey would have an allegedly - high cost .
my monkey would have tried harder , but because of peer pressure , he only had low expectations for success .
WHEE !
WHEE 4 MONKEY !!!
I would make my monkey notorious .
I would expose my monkey to The Supposition of Dylmar .
my monkey would know what Dylmar means .
I would be ashamed of my monkey 's monkey musk .
I would attempt to win over my monkey 's heart .
I would attempt to run over my monkey 's heart .
I would savagely attack my monkey with a trellis .
I would stare at my monkey until he cried bloody murder .
" Bloody murder ! "
I would buy my monkey a monkey mattress .
my monkey would still sleep on the floor in a puddle of his own urine because I would take his new mattress and donate it to the homeless people under the bridge .
I would sock my monkey in the monkey mouth .
I would shove socks into my monkey 's monkey mouth .
I would fucking love my monkey .
I would fucking hate my monkey .
I would hate - fuck my monkey .
I would hate to fuck my monkey .
I would hate to hate - fuck my monkey .
I would wear leather .
monkey leather .
I would buy my monkey a delicious can of cream of mushroom soup .
I would chastise my monkey for not having thumbs .
my monkey would have a hard time opening that can of soup , I tell you .
I would buy my monkey a Bowflew .
I would Epil - stop my monkey .
my hairless monkey would resemble many Chi Omega girls .
not really ...
he'd have less hair .
I would take the bus to work .
I would take the bus to my monkey .
I would use champagne bottles to smash my monkey 's family .
Tommy Kane would jump off his house and into a shrubbery .
I would let my monkey use my cordless phone up until the point that I kill him in the belly for using my cordless phone .
I would Erica my monkey again .
and again .
and again .
oh goodness .
I would always see to it that my monkey had a plentiful supply of tongue depressers , pipe cleaners , and Elmer 's Glue .
I would shove my monkey into a metal lunchbox .
my monkey would fear various extinct species because of the knowledge that he himself would soon be joining them .
I would name my monkey " Monkey Torres . "
I would part my monkey 's hair .
I would Arvo Part my monkey 's hair .
I would banish my monkey from the Big Brother household .
I would name my monkey " Bunky . "
If my monkey were a secret agent , he would use the following line at appropriate occasions of introduction : " The name 's Monkey ..
Bunky Monkey . "
there is nothing quite so gay as a monkey named Bunky .
I would teach my monkey that there is nothing wrong with being gay , and then I would commit acts of savage beastiality on him .
I would see to Beerman 's death , and then I would see to my monkey 's death , and then life would be perfect and complete .
I would register my monkey for the draft .
I would make my monkey sleep outside .
I would throw windowpanes and chandeliers and triumphs and biscuits at my monkey .
I would smoke the dope with my monkey .
I would buy my monkey an expensive gilded frame , and then I would see to it that he was framed for the murder of the Lindbergh baby .
I would buy my monkey a leather office chair , but if he ever tried to sit in it , I would throw veal parmagiana at my monkey until he choked to death on that delicious breaded young cow meat , cheese , and tomato sauce .
my monkey would suffer from happenstance and beguilement .
my monkey would prefer arial 14 .
Colton would become monkey capital of Northern New York .
I would cover my monkey in Mrs. Dash and sell him to the cast and crew of Perfect Strangers .
I would Balki my monkey .
my monkey would develop a healthy fear of all things that are fuzzy , green , or scented like haddock .
I would block my monkey .
I would black my monkey .
I would derive variations of preludes , countenances , and corollaries from my monkey .
I would rosin my monkey .
I would resin my monkey .
I would raisin my monkey .
I would resonate my monkey .
I would hold my monkey 's hand and then drown him in a bucket of chum .
I would trade places with my monkey for a good fifteen minutes or so , and then I would punish my monkey for being so damned hand - some .
my monkey would be a hands - on kind of monkey .
in fact , my hands would almost always be securely fastened around his quivering , dying neck .
I would house - warm my monkey .
I would buy my monkey a colander .
I would try to love my monkey at least a little bit more , but I would probably give up , drive to the supermarket , purchase three metric tonnes of olive oil and lard , drive to the bridge , do thirty pushups , stand up and sing for a moment , kick my monkey square in the nuts and see to it that his monkey grandmother would win the monkey lottery , drive to Cleveland , and then by crushed by a giant hamburger that fell from the sky each and every time that I sneezed .
I would ask my monkey if he were sober enough to drive me to Hell , for that is where I deserve to be .
I would give my monkey a 3 - liter bottle of Heineken , three tickets to Kansas City , and a gift subscription to Reader 's Digest .
I would digest my monkey .
I would Lindsay my monkey .
even though it would be sloppy seconds .
I would throttle my monkey from soup to nuts .
I would invest in my monkey 's well - being .
Give blood .
Give life .
the lifeboat would not have enough room for my monkey .
astronauts would clap their hands and dance around in circles betwixt the violet Venusian Trees of Life .
my monkey would be constrictive .
I would enjoy wearing women 's undergarments .
my monkey would be but a shadow of the monkey he used to be .
there would be no jealousy involved .
Never .
Never ever .
my monkey would tire of innovation and the dust of yesterdays .
sometimes my monkey would be Portuguese .
I would Sleater my monkey .
I would Kinney my monkey .
my monkey would have his misshapen monkey non-thumb buried in the Christmas pie .
my monkey would -- Nah .
Too easy .
my monkey would Tommy Kane all the pretty girls , and even some of the mediocre and hideously fat ones .
my mokney would spell his species wrong .
my monkey would do a body good .
MY body .
mmm .. monkey steaks .
I would list my monkey in the Yellow Pages .
I would list my monkey in the Page Wages .
I would zamboni my monkey .
I would establish a buffer zone around my monkey to ensure the safety of the townsfolk and the adherence to the Prime Directive .
my monkey would have the ability to change color each time that there was a gubernatorial election .
I would have the ability to spill my monkey 's blood on the pavement .
Silly bloodmonkey !
I would have my monkey help Lindsay study for her ConLaw final .
Connecticut Law is the best !
I would share heartwarming stories of yesteryear with my monkey , and perhaps some cocaine .
my love would be the size of these tumors inside us .
my monkey would be no laughing matter , except for when he slips on banana peels and falls on his fat monkey ass .
my monkey would receive error messages each time he tried to connect .
I would buy my monkey a cell phone and lop off his ears .
I would try my monkey 's patience , and then I would try his brains spread on little gingerbread Congressmen .
I would be the Cause .
I would erect a firewall around my monkey 's sensitive information , and then I would trap his family inside and kill them with smoke and flames .
I would try to see the humor in jokes about tragic burning death , even when there is a precipitous dearth of humor in jokes about tragic burning death these days .
we could spend the night .
my monkey would kick emo ass , yo .
I would celebrate the birth of my monkey 's first - born child monkey by eating the baby with Kurds and whey .
I would dispute Creationism by forcing my monkey to evolve into Beerman .
I would buy a laptop for my monkey and then have large large women sit on him .
I would write a letter to my monkey on feminine napkins .
my monkey would never join a sorority .
if it did , I would refuse to speak to it .
I would take its name off my IM list .
MONKEY FUNTIME INVASION !
I would Mitch Pileggi my monkey .
there would be myrrh .
my monkey would play the flute .
my monkey would not play the skin flute .
well , at least MY skin flute .
my monkey would fall victim to a hobgoblin .
I would throw my monkey into Meg 's cake pit .
the barbecue would be kick - ass .
I would windsurf and dive with my monkey on a Funship Cruise .
my monkey would be a funboy .
my monkey would be all - inclusive .
my monkey would carry a gun because of psycho internet stalkers .
my monkey would cherish the grad school experience .
my monkey would come with a free lube , oil , and filter .
I would splatter my monkey 's guts all over the road and sometimes I would read poetry about trains .
I would refer to my monkey in the royal plural , and then kill them .
sometimes I would blush .
my monkey would take a seat .
to the church .
my monkey would be My Friend In Christ .
I would ask my monkey to get the hell out of Christ and leave him alone .
my monkey would be a SUPERSTAR !
what 's the buzz ?
tell me what 's a - happenin ' !
my monkey would call Jim " The Hammer " Shapiro .
I would place my monkey on trial .
I would place my monkey on error .
I would pronounce my monkey illegal .
I would ask my monkey questions .
I would spread my monkey on the asphalt with lettuce and tomahhhto .
my monkey would try .
I would resist .
I would create rubbings of my monkey .
No !
Not like THAT !
Okay .
Like that .
my monkey would undergo Pon Farr .
I would assail my monkey with hunks of flesh .
stucco would no longer stick .
" revile " would take on a new meaning .
I would arrange a monkey marriage .
sometimes I would shampoo my monkey with staples and Zud .
whenever my monkey began to hope that he was no longer my monkey , I would tickle his feet , hold his paws , and buy him a larger - than - life reproduction of the entire cast of Battlestar Galactica , made out of velvet , triumph , and cheese .
my monkey would be broadband .
he would also be broad - banned .
if I ever caught him with my broad , I 'd cut him in the belly with a blade .
WE DID THE 69 !
I would call Beerman , Colonel , and Kelly .
Yvonne would get married .
no , really .
I would give her canned ham , monkey , and gout .
Len .
my monkey would enroll .
my monkey would Enron .
my monkey would Ron Howard .
I would call my monkey a meathead , then I would consume all of the meat from his head in a zesty carnivore chowder .
we would barbecue corn .
I would grow wings and fly to the special place where the monkey elders gather to mate and later die .
my monkey would be on Star Trek , but he would always be the ill - fated away party guy who dies .
I would develop feelings for my monkey , armwrestle his family , try , and then win the doorprize .
I would tie bricks to my monkey 's feet and throw him out the window .
my monkey would be a medical illustrator .
my monkey would wear chain - letter armor .
his Vulcan name would be T - Pau .
his gay name would be Chance Bombay .
his gay name would be Jason Lansing Beerman .
his gay porn name would be Jason Lansing Beerman .
my monkey would have a rad cooter .
I would choose the challenge .
I would Dare to Dream !
I would Save Private Ryan .
Jeri Ryan .
my monkey would generate perpetual income .
I would rent my monkey to hobos and tramps as a spongemonkey .
I would guzzle some of that hooch and find a way to make kudzu stew .
my window would fall out .
it would be as it was in the dawn of our days .
I would not be impressed with a $ 3500 Mini - DV camera .
my monkey would want to take high - resolution images of my girlfriend , but I 'd fuck him up .
I would Susan my monkey .
about damned time !
I would slather my monkey in Ragu .
I would toast my monkey with champagne .
I would toast my monkey with a toaster .
I would slice my monkey up into little pieces , stir - fry him , and serve him to the original Broadway cast of Stephen Sondheim 's " Passion . "
I would never allow my monkey 's hands to get dirty .
to achieve that end , I would have to amputate my monkey 's face , so he could never find any dirt to put on his hands .
I would molest my monkey with surgical steel , aviation fuel , and breadmaker 's weaponry .
I would dangle my monkey over the edge of the world and allow the Horrible Beasts From Below to tickle his toes .
I would punctuate my monkey .
my monkey would lather .
my monkey would develop a taste for spices , and I would deny his access to spices .
the way that men relate to vestiges of yesterday would forever be ensconced .
I would allow my monkey three minutes of long - distance airtime each month , but if he touched the telephone with any part of his body , I would savage an invertebrate and ask Judge Judy to rule in my favor .
I would closed - caption my monkey .
I would close the page on the book of my monkey 's life .
the law would n't be able to take away my pain , so it would compensate me with monkey .
I mean money .
I would make my monkey walk in traffic and then have Traffic kick his ass .
my monkey would hit the pavement and then Pavement would hit him .
I would never hotlink my monkey .
I might , however , disperse his ashes in the winds above Mount Pinatubo .
I would buy my monkey a musical instrument , but I would lock it in the closet and neither let him know what it was nor ever see it at all .
I would supercharge my monkey .
I would caress him in the manner of men who caress animals .
I would use my monkey to kill the person who came up with the stork at the health club March of Dimes folic acid commercial .
and then I 'd kill him again .
my monkey would have triumphs of cheddar and trying times of trout .
I would fire my fucking lawyer .
I would upbraid my monkey and make him live forever with the cast of Frontier House in a hermetically - sealed tugboat .
I would struggle with life and the way my monkey was .
I would ass - fuck my monkey in the face .
I would face - fuck my monkey in the ass .
I would make my monkey a casserole made from Time and The Gerber Baby .
Dr . Who would travel through time and space to try to steal my monkey , and I would let him , because the Daleks would hate my monkey more than me , which may at first seem impossible , but I assure you it is .
I would provide the best coverage possible , because we can't all be Size 6 .
I once had a Size 6 .
I would lose thirty pounds in two months .
I would lose one - hundred - fourteen pounds in two months .
I would cry a lot and then get pills !
PILLS !
I would still hate my monkey , even though the pills have taken away my ability to feel intense emotion .
sometimes I would lay awake at night and think about things , especially things dealing with providing my monkey a swift and horrible death at the hands of his supposed loved ones .
I would put a silencer on my monkey .
in the form of a voicebox removal .
I would feed my monkey a mixture of corn pone , corned beef hash , and cigars .
I would be a really fun person to be around .
my monkey would be absolutely beautiful .
I would send my monkey away to a scary hippie college in Vermont .
I would raise predatory birds and they would practice their predation on my monkey .
I would n't be funny anymore .
I would plagiarize myself in an attempt to regain my funny .
I would cover my monkey in bread crumbs and give him to R. Crumb .
drowning in a puddle of vagrant vomit would seem pleasant compared to What I Would Have In Store For My Monkey .
my monkey would be a Democrat .
my monkey would be a Republican .
my monkey would be indecisive and therefore useless in the greater scheme of life .
I would tell my monkey that we were going on a glorious trip to see the sights of tomorrow at the place where time and space converge .
I would go but would n't take my monkey .
I would find a way to travel through time to meet and kill my monkey 's parents with genuine artifacts such as trilobite fossils , arrowheads , and Dick Clark 's bronzed baby booties .
there would be trouble , trouble right here in River City .
I would give my monkey to The Lost Ninja Tribe of Ghana .
they would lose my monkey .
I would barter with my monkey 's life for all the things I 've ever wanted , including a beautiful and comfortable Old Navy Polar Fleece pullover jacket .
I would bury my monkey in the ground up to his neck , cause an earthquake , and destroy the city of Rome with a gigantic collection of toast crumbs and used curling irons .
I would wear Nikes and Just Do It to my monkey .
I would purchase a delicious rump roast and not let my monkey eat any of it because I am greedy , selfish , and an underemployed handi- capable quadraplegic with gout and a penchant for turpentine enemas .
I would force my monkey to respond to each and every email I get about lost Nigerian riches and secret bank accounts .
I would make my monkey do a shot every time I got an email telling me how to enlarge my penis or breasts .
I would Goddard my monkey .
my monkey would be evasive when confronted on issues of Love , because he has been wounded so many times before .
my monkey would ruin lives .
my monkey would drive women thousands of miles away .
I would scrape my monkey with a snow plow and encourage him to volunteer with Habitat for Humanity .
my monkey would help children across the road , into the path of oncoming traffic .
I would advise my monkey to stop masturbating in public .
I would trample my monkey with a herd of wandering large mammals , preferably bison , reindeer , or Rosie O'Donnell .
I would kiss my monkey 's familiar face each morning upon waking , punch him in the tits and crush a can of kidney beans into his eye sockets .
I would forbid my monkey from engaging in either end of the oral sex act , but I 'd encourage him to be the Lucky Pierre in the Manhandler Marathon .
I would start rumors about my monkey 's affairs with Celine Dion and Pam Tillis .
I would stitch a frying pan into my monkey 's stomach lining .
I would savor every minute of plucking my monkey 's eyebrows , which of course extend to his genital region .
I would send my monkey to The Netherlands .
I would send my monkey to My Netherlands .
I would send a flotilla of fine angry pirates to attack my monkey 's belly with their Sabres of Good Times .
my monkey would order the Number Nine .
my monkey would show Hallie the Midget Dog just who was the Alpha Male .
my monkey would catch criminals .
I would Hogbody my monkey .
I would smoke cigarettes with my monkey next to the canal until an alligator came out of the water , ate my monkey , and joined me for a delicious Marlboro 100 .
I would Minogue my monkey .
I would lock my monkey in a small storage closet with Junior Noboa and a bucket of fried clam strips .
my monkey would discover Wendy 's Triangle of the Goddess .
I would subject my monkey to the agonies of concealed evidence .
I would pluck my monkey 's eyebrows , and since my monkey would be covered in hair , I would in essence be plucking every hair from my monkey 's body .
I would have my monkey go outside and find the little bastard who is shouting EAR EAR EAR EAR EAR and throttle him with a pipe wrench .
my monkey would sing at Tailchaser 's karaoke night , and then I 'd take him out to the Steak and Shake and kill him dead .
my monkey would want to bang the Crazy Yellow Shirt girl , but the Crazy Yellow Shirt girl would want to bang Colonel instead .
I would give my monkey the delightful gift of insomnia !
British , dyslexic , and stupid people would give my monkey the delightful gift of insomina !
I would make my monkey stay awake all night knitting me a life - sized replica of the Death Star made out of root fibers , fiber - optic line , optic nerves , common household thread , dental floss , vilification , and the shorn pubic hair of three - thousand Vietnamese virgins .
I would deforest my monkey .
I would Deforest Kelley my monkey .
I would beat the shit out of my monkey with a tire iron while the ghost of Deforest Kelley and the guy who invented jelly beans took turns savagely violating my monkey 's family with a giant bulldozer custom - made in the shape of a rabbit with three ears .
I would bake my monkey a delicious ham .
I would present my monkey with the Nobel Violence Prize .
I would mug my monkey for being such a fucking peaceful pantywaist .
I would see to it that my monkey was charged with causing every zeppelin crash in the history of the human race , and the alien race that will soon rise out of the ruins of Tinochtitlan to take over the world with mind rays and butter guns .
I would toss my monkey 's salad .
into the river .
and he would starve .
I would glue my monkey 's eyes open with podiatrist 's nail glue and force him to sit through an Italian cannibal movie marathon .
if he fell asleep with his eyes open during the marathon , I would shoot his grandmother monkey in the belly with an industrial - sized ball bearing rifle .
I would sodomize my monkey .
I would gomorrahrize my monkey .
I would hippopotamize my monkey .
I would force my monkey to drink as many turpentine and orphan milkshakes as he could .
then I 'd make him drink just one more !
I would Gabby my monkey .
I would dress my monkey up like a little monkey cowboy and run him over with a Ford F - 350 diesel dualie .
I would make my monkey avoid mass - transit systems , then have him arrested for not riding to work in a carpool .
I would get my monkey a job as the sweat bucket monkey for the Syracuse Orangemen , and then I 'd have the real Orangemen who live at the center of the planet rise up from the San Andreas faultline and chase my monkey around in solar - powered hovercrafts .
I would get an email like this :
From : " Lisa Witkowski "
To :
Sent : Tuesday , April 29 , 2003 4:16 AM
Subject : AMLA
Mr. Hughs .
Dear , dear Mr. Hughs .
Are you aware that some of the entries on your list are suggestive ?
What happens when a child stumbles across your site ?
A recovering monkey - lover ?
I understand that your site is intended only to provide an outlet for violent feelings toward monkeys , but please be wary of what people ask you to publish .
Lisa
President / Founder of Anti Monkey Love Association
http://www.antimonkeylove.org/
I would n't respond to the email because my last name is HUGHES .
my last name would n't be HUGHS .
I 'd send some traffic toward the AMLA because I 'm a humanitarian and a philanthropist .
I would n't pick on Leesa too damned much .
it is " Leesa , " is n't it , Leesa ?
my monkey would yawn and move on .
my monkey would plan GabbyMonkey Rooftop Jamboree 2003 , and I 'd throw him off the roof for putting the moves on Gabby .
I 'd Gabby my monkey .
again and again and again .
and again .
oh yeah , sweet lordy yeah .
FUCK YEAH .
mmmmmmmmmmmmmm
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
I 'd attack my monkey with a virulent strain of the Macaroni Plague .
I 'd give my monkey a special gift from my heart : cold , black coal .
I 'd assign my monkey a seat in a classroom , but I would n't tell him where to go to school .
if he did n't go to school , I 'd steal his grandmother monkey and send her to Dom Deluise in little deep - fried pieces over the month of Ramadan .
I 'd brush my monkey 's teeth with a wire brush and collect his dental blood in a chalice made of the finest aluminum that money and sleeping with the aluminum vendor could buy .
I 'd force my monkey to resign his post as Chief of Interstellar Affairs at Starfleet and then gut him in public for being such a Babylon 5 dweeb .
I 'd make a movie about my monkey 's legs .
For the movie to be a realistic success , I 'd have to amputate my monkey 's legs .
I 'd use the amputated legs as cushioning in the pilot 's seat of my solar - powered giant bulldozer .
I 'd pass out with my monkey on Jonathan 's couch , and then all hell would break loose when my ex-monkey , who has magically transformed into a drunken psycho hosebeast , walked in and found us there , fully - clothed , passed the fuck out , not doing anything other than sleeping , most likely snoring loudly .
because , you know , people who 've passed out with their clothes on are very likely to have sex whilst in their respective comas .
my monkey would correct me on my plural usage and tell me that the Latins would have written " comae . "
I would correct my monkey on his plural usage and remove one of everything of which he had two , including his arms , testicles , and lobes of his brain .
I would bake my monkey thirty delicious loaves of bread .
I would scream at my monkey until the cows came home , and then when they did , I 'd invite them to take turns punching him in the belly , at least until he puked blood .
I would send my monkey on a grand tour of the Islands of Pain .
I would BIZARRO my monkey .
BIZARRO !
BIZARRO !
BIZARRO !
I made an egg for you !
BAWK BAWK !
I would force my monkey to drink antifreeze , and if he ever started to like it , I 'd make him stop .
I would ban the smoking of my monkey in all public places in New York .
I would encourage the smoking of my monkey in all private places in New York .
smoked monkey meat is delicious as an appetizer when wrapped in bacon , marinated in Shiraz , and thrown out the window into the path of an oncoming mobile magnetic resonance imaging tractor trailer .
Yes , they really have those .
One just drove by my apartment .
I live near two hospitals and a fire station !
no number of urgent - care facilities within reasonable walking distance would be enough to save my monkey from the horrible things that I 'd do to him each and every day of his three - day life .
I would lance my monkey .
I would Lance Henriksen my monkey .
You know that scene in " Aliens " where Sigourney Weaver fights with the alien queen while she 's dressed in that big yellow robot construction equipment suit ?
I would totally do that to my monkey .
I would make my monkey go around by Doney's .
I would give my monkey a gift of silverware , salads , and trumpets .
I would maul my monkey .
I would Darth Maul my monkey .
I would cut my monkey in half and throw him down a long vertical shaft .
my monkey would never have a long vertical shaft .
my monkey would lose his hair , his fertility and his life after I exposed him to radiation .
I would slather my monkey in hot melted tar and use him to cover my rooftop .
I would sit on the roof with Gabby .
my monkey would n't be invited .
if he interrupted our roofsitting , I 'd cave in his face with a shovel .
Dodi Fayed .
I would attempt to convince my monkey that humans evolved from an ancient race of alien lizards , not monkeys .
I would baptize my monkey .
I 'd hire a British guy to baptise my monkey .
in blood .
British blood .
my monkey would be one of the great goddesses of the ancient world .
I would name my monkey " Diana . "
I would bury my monkey underneath Paris , and then I 'd burn down Paris .
my monkey would have six hours , six minutes , and fifty - nine seconds to live .
I would incriminate my monkey .
I would allow my monkey to run into the street when the annual bulldozer parade goes by .
it would be a lose / lose situation .
I would equip my monkey with outriggers .
I would allow my personal security force to protect me from my monkey with certain deadly force .
I would utilize my vast knowledge of alchemy to concoct a poison from the metals of the land before time with which I would subject my monkey to need - based mind control and a marathon of manipulation involving the perineum and the perietal lobe .
I would convince my monkey to hunt down and ruthlessly kill those responsible for the omnipresent and ridiculous interview between Angie Martinez and Fat Joe that HBO Zone plays all day long between feature films and original HBO television programs .
if my monkey looked like Fat Joe , I 'd be really pissed off .
I 'd probably stab him in his fat fucking face .
Angie Martinez is ugly , too .
my monkey would attempt to appeal to the largest minority in America , Hispanic - Americans , by hiring three or four new cast members for NYPD Blue that are all Hispanic .
I 'd break my monkey 's nose with a punch from my powerful scrotum .
I 'd melt candle wax on my monkey and send his family to Sam's Club to enjoy the benefits of membership .
I would construct a giant caribou - shaped hot air balloon with which I would chase my monkey through the mountains until he gave up and conceded that The Ropers was a much - more - entertaining program than Three 's A Crowd .
my monkey would be an ethnomusicologist specializing in bluegrass and the humble songs of the mountain people .
my money would be pretty when he slept .
I 'd stab him in his fucking sleeping face with a pick - axe made of hatred .
my monkey would star in a film with Winona Ryder called " Monkey , Interrupted . "
Then he'd steal clothing .
I would attack my monkey 's clones .
my monkey would dance with children and be arrested for dancing with children .
I 'd Gabby my monkey .
Boy , would I EVER Gabby my monkey .
She 's hot , you know .
And she smells nice .
And she can sing .
I 'd send my monkey to steal her back from Italy .
I 'd convince an entire species of birds to continually watch my monkey and prevent him from ever playing Bingo .
I 'd cover my monkey in wax , shove a wick up his ass , and set that mofo ON FIRE .
my monkey would love strawberry jam .
I 'd make sure that my monkey never had access to strawberry jam .
my monkey would dislike ham .
I 'd prepare ham for every meal , and if he refused said ham , I 'd call the Loch Ness Monster and have him drop by for an evening of ham , cards , and " Beat The Fuck Out Of My Monkey . "
I 'd play " Eating is Fun , Eating is Serious " as performed by Chris " Corky the ' Life Goes On ' Retard " Burke at my monkey 's wake .
I 'd play Chris " Corky the ' Life Goes On ' Retard " Burke at my monkey 's wake .
I 'd book us both tickets for the Montel Williams show , then we'd eat bowls of delicious corn chowder while immigrants trimmed our toenails .
JD Express Haulers would haul my monkey 's ass away .
Express .
my monkey would tour with Nick Cave under the stage name " Stagger Lee . "
I 'd tour with Stuart Staples under the stage name " Nick Cave . "
I 'd kill my monkey , go to one of John Edwards ' " Crossing Over " shows , and if John Edwards made contact with my dead monkey , I 'd tell him to go fuck himself with one of Satan 's pitchforks .
I 'd form a secret club with ten other monkeys , but my monkey could n't be a member of the club , and if he ever complained about his lack of membership , I 'd use mental powers to spin the Earth out of solar orbit into the deepest and darkest reaches of Outer Space .
When we got there , I 'd punch my monkey in the balls and cut his grandmother monkey in three .
god damn , Betty Page had a big hairy box .
just like my monkey .
Larry Hooper , the long - dead guy from the Lawrence Welk show who had the freakishly - deep voice , would hate my monkey just as much as I would .
maybe even more .
Fuck yeah , Larry Hooper .
Fuck yeah .
I wish you were still alive .
:(
anyways , I 'd cram my monkey into a mailbox and hit it with a snowplow .
I 'd buy my monkey a communications satellite , but I 'd never let him communicate .
I would often find my monkey hiding from me at the corner store in the aisle where they keep tampons and maxi pads .
Did you know that original scent Degree anti-perspirant smells just like the tampon aisle of the grocery store ?
How gross is THAT ?
if my monkey were a girl monkey , I 'd infibulate her .
I 'd spend thirty years of my life attempting to find a way to make my monkey better .
I 'd give up after realizing that my monkey would never get better than it was , and I 'd probably stab it in the chest with an endiron , back over its pet dromedary camel with a large backhoe , and Diana Krall would fall out of the sky , shouting the lyrics to " La Vie en Rose " while feverishly masturbating with her broken parachute lines .
a boy 's gotta dream !
I 'd iPod my monkey .
I 'd use an industrial staple gun to prepare my monkey for the possibility of biological warfare .
Bing , Bing , Bing !
I 'd invent a new instrument for my monkey to play in the newly - formed jazz band in my basement , assembled entirely from captive members of Hezbollah , dromedary camels , and poolboys .
I 'd Goddard my monkey , but then I 'd realize that there are some things even monkeys should n't be exposed to .
I 'd fuck my monkey with the gigantic corpse of Wesley Willis , dressed up for the occasion in the Oscar - Meyer Weinermobile .
I 'd write a theme song for my monkey .
the lyrics would go a little something like this :
I HATE YOU MONKEY .
I HATE YOU MONKEY .
YOU FUCKING MONKEY .
I HATE YOU MONKEY .
I FUCK YO DADDY .
I KILL YO MOMMY .
I HATE YOU MONKEY .
I FUCK YOU MONKEY .
or maybe instead of writing my monkey a theme song , I 'd sit down to enjoy a delicious club sandwich and a tall , cold glass of raspberry iced tea , and then I 'd use my mental powers to throw the planets out of allignment , rob banks , and make sure that my monkey had a horrible credit report .
I 'd teach my monkey the difference between " there , their , and they 're " and " its and it's , " because Jesus Fucking Christmas , it 's not rocket science , you genetic mishaps .
I 'd conduct illegal search and seizures of my monkey 's person .
I 'd instruct my monkey to steal license plates off of each vehicle in the Bennigan 's parking lot and place them in a stack so high and mighty that if I climbed to the top , I 'd be able to see back into the past to a point where I was happy , did n't have a monkey , was getting consistently laid , and Democrats were n't so persnippety .
my monkey would experience Culture Shock .
I 'd force my monkey to experience Culture Shock my making him watch Cats while I tasered his loins .
I 'd steal every other one of my monkey 's vertebrae in an attempt to construct a friend for him made out of his own bones .
if my monkey were a girl , I 'd wish that he'd look like that hot blonde detective on NYPD Blue .
no , not the gay secretary .
even though he 's kinda cute .
Fuck that " Queer Eye " shit .
If I wanted to look like a gay guy , I 'd go suck someone off in a public bathhouse .
I 'd teach my monkey to knit me some mittens .
three mittens each day for the rest of the history of ever .
I 'd have to ask my monkey some tough questions about his wife .
my eating habits would change , mostly because I 'd eat fifteen ounces of my monkey 's flesh at each meal , but I 'd keep him alive forever using the magic that the people from the Caves of Tomorrow taught me .
the secret ingredient in my meatloaf recipe ?
monkey .
I 'd have a monkey .
I 'd have a monkey .
I 'd have a monkey .
For real this time !
if my monkey ever complained about the background colors of this page , I 'd call him Silly Sally Suckadick and microwave his monkey balls until he turned Amish .
I 'd sell my monkey to a witch for three pounds of gooseflesh .
I 'd get my monkey addicted to heroin , switch his addiction to methadone , then switch his addiction to Krispy Kreme Donuts .
I 'd punch that bandwagon - riding donut motherfucker in the soul .
those donuts are n't that good .
they 're just fucking DONUTS .
come on , now .
anyways , I 'd lick every inch of my monkey 's body until he became so grossed out that started to sweat hot rum toddies .
I 'd take his Nintendo .
I swear to Jesus Christ , I 'd take his Nintendo .
The Lonely Bear would kick his bitch monkey ass all over town , and that town would be Syracuse , NY .
I 'd have to buy more bandwidth to keep this site up , you voracious greedfuckers !
and then I 'd take a month off from updating the site because you voracious greedfuckers succeeded in using up all my bandwidth and I 'm too poor to buy more .
FUNFUNFUN !
I 'd start a revolution , and it would start with killing one single monkey .
I 'd go Goddard on my monkey 's ass , and by that , I mean I 'd buttfuck him while spouting Post - Modern Rhetoric .
if my monkey ever asked me a rhetorical question , I 'd punch him in the mouth and tell him that that 's my god - damned answer , okay ?
I 'd spam my monkey with salacious and sagacious advertisements .
if my monkey decided to pronounce " advertisements " in the British way , ad - VER - tizz - mints , I 'd kill him , plain and simple .
my monkey would miss Pam something fierce , but working with Peter would fill him up in ways he'd never imagined .
The Thing With One Eye would come on to my monkey .
The Thing With One Eye would come into my monkey .
I 'd be forced to change my life for the better , like I was after I watched my sister 's cat sitting in the sink for no apparent reason other than to watch the drain , get its paws wet , and scare the hell out of my mother when she was in the bathroom doing her business and suddenly a cat looked up at her from within the sink , which is situated directly across the room from the toilet .
I 'd jumpstart this motherfucker , motherfucker !
I 'd be concerned with my monkey 's low - density lipoprotein levels , so I 'd eat more ham until I barfed .
my monkey would attempt to learn how to drive tractors down interstate highways .
I would attempt to learn how to drive tractors up my monkey 's interstate shitpipe .
my monkey would enjoy the occasional overdose .
vitamins would make no difference .
foreplay would never be an option .
Ever .
my monkey would get engaged , and I 'd stab his partner , Chase Longshaw , in the gullet with weapons made from love .
if my monkey enjoyed fish dinners , I 'd make damned sure he never saw another fish dinner again .
I 'd buy my monkey some Extra Cool Green Apple chewing gum , and once the taste disappeared , I 'd make him dead by drowning him in cider .
my monkey would trot around on horses with Wilford Brimley , hunting down and lynching the diabetes of the Old West .
I 'd commandeer a hydrogen - powered motorcar , steal a warehouse full of spaghetti , and try to convince my monkey that the only way he'd ever achieve Enlightenment would be to sit under the bridge until the bridge ogres allowed him into their elite knitting circle .
I 'd fucking murder Billy Fuccillo , Tom Park , and everyone who 's ever been affiliated with selling cars or shouting " HUUUUGE ! "
Xantrex - 3 would make my monkey fatter .
I 'd roll the roly - poly little bastard into a bucket of steaming - hot soy milk .
You know those cool lamps that have green glass shades ?
I 'd buy one of those .
if my monkey touched my lamp , I 'd use my magic wand to make his navel disappear .
he'd get AIDS .
I would n't .
I 'm awesome .
on the Fourth of July , I 'd convince my monkey that it was Christmas .
If he asked where his gifts were , I 'd stomp his skull into a pulpy mess on the ground and tell him that Christmas is canceled because he does n't believe in Jesus .
I 'd drive a giant zamboni through my monkey 's former elementary school , leaving a thin layer of new ice over all the nuns .
Getting rich should n’t be your goal when launching your first startup .
Tens of thousands of aspiring founders are building products right now with the hopes that they will be the next Slack or the Zoom .
There is , of course , a chance that your startup will provide riches beyond your wildest dreams .
The odds are slim you will accomplish this your first time out of the gate .
And while it ’s true that you might get lucky your first time , “ luck ” is not a great plan .
Stairstep
Over and over I ’ve watched new founders think they should swing for the fences with their first effort , only to spend countless hours building a big idea that becomes too unwieldy for them to launch and grow in their spare time .
Instead of that , I would encourage you to strongly consider stairstepping your way up , starting with a small product that makes a couple thousand dollars a month .
Learn the ropes .
Gain experience .
Confidence .
Skillsets like copywriting and customer support .
Learn a marketing channel in a niche that ’s not super competitive .
This approach gives you time to learn the ropes .
There are dozens of things to learn your first time at the plate .
That learning curve coupled with a big market and big competition is likely to crush your chance of success .
Do n’t Stack the Odds Against You
I do n’t believe I would have been successful building , growing and selling Drip had I attempted it as my first effort 15 years ago .
Only after building my skillset , gaining confidence , having some money in the bank , owning all of my time , and building a strong network do I think I stood a chance in as competitive a space as ESPs .
Your first time at the plate you already have many things stacked against you .
Do n’t stack the complexity of a big market / big competition on top of that .
Maximize your odds of a modest outcome by either choosing a niche market , a small utility , or a tool that fits within an “ app store , ” typically as a plugin or add - on to an existing large SaaS platform .
It ’s not as sexy as conquering a massive market , but your chance of a modest outcome is 10 x … perhaps 100x greater .
Start your startup .
Learn the ropes .
Once you have success under your belt , you can try to crush it with your second or third one .
( This one of the reasons my book is titled Start Small , Stay Small )
Everybody wants to see their website on the top results .
But only a few of them fulfill all the important …
Nicolas Cage 's House ( former )
Midford Castle , is a Grade I listed building three miles south of Bath .
It was built in 1775 by Henry Disney Rosebuck and is built on a plinth , has battlements , an arched gateway , gatehouse and towers as well as three reception rooms and seven bedrooms .
Image caption The UK population reached 61,792,000 in mid-2009
The population of the United Kingdom has reached almost 62 million , the Office for National Statistics ( ONS ) has said .
It said the number of people in the UK rose from 61,398,000 in mid-2008 to 61,792,000 in mid-2009 .
Most of the rise , 55 % , was caused by " natural change " - more births than deaths .
Migration made up 45 % .
The ONS survey also highlights the UK's ageing population and predicts more unmarried couples in the future .
In 2008 - 2009 there were 123,000 more births than in the early part of the past decade .
Co-habiting couples
Natural change was the largest contributor to population growth until mid-1999 , then again in the years to mid-2008 and mid-2009 .
Between these periods , migration was the main driver of population change .
The UK population is also ageing fast .
The number of people aged 85 and over reached 1.4 million in mid-2009 .
The ONS has also predicted that the number of unmarried couples living together will rise dramatically over the next 25 years .
There are currently 2.3 m co-habiting couples in the UK , but this is expected to reach 3.8 million in 2033 .
Since 1978 , more and more couples have decided against tying the knot .
In 1978 , 50 % of people were married .
By mid-2008 , that figure stood at only 40 % , down 41,000 on the previous year .
Meanwhile , divorce has become more popular .
In 1978 only 2 % of couples split .
In 2008 , 7 % of couples divorced during that year .
However 45 % of total marriages end in divorce , the ONS added .
Satellite image of a Target store in New York .
Credit : daiji / flickr
Apple Inc. is now collecting the " precise , " " real - time geographic location " of its users ' iPhones , iPads and computers .
In an updated version of its privacy policy , the company added a paragraph noting that once users agree , Apple and unspecified " partners and licensees " may collect and store user location data .
When users attempt to download apps or media from the iTunes store , they are prompted to agree to the new terms and conditions .
Until they agree , they cannot download anything through the store .
The company says the data is anonymous and does not personally identify users .
Analysts have shown , however , that large , specific data sets can be used to identify people based on behavior patterns .
An increasing number of iPhone apps ask users for their location , which is then used by the application or even uploaded to the app's maker .
Apps like the Twitter application Tweetie and Google Maps make frequent use of location data , either to help the user get oriented geographically or to associate the user 's action with a specific location ( as when a tweet is geotagged ) .
Apple says in its privacy policy that it uses personal information to " improve our services , content , and advertising . "
On Monday , Apple also rolled out its new advertising platform , iAd , for the latest version of its iPhone operating system ( iOS 4 ) .
The company may well be integrating the location information into its advertising system -- for instance , to help local shops sell coupons to users in the neighborhood .
The update to the privacy policy did not specify which partners or licensees Apple will share the data with or how long the data will be kept .
The only proprietary application it mentioned in relation to the data collection was the " Find My iPhone " app that helps users recover lost phones .
Apple did not immediately return a request for comment .
Here 's the passage in question :
To provide location - based services on Apple products , Apple and our partners and licensees may collect , use , and share precise location data , including the real - time geographic location of your Apple computer or device .
This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used by Apple and our partners and licensees to provide and improve location - based products and services .
For example , we may share geographic location with application providers when you opt in to their location services .
Some location - based services offered by Apple , such as the MobileMe “ Find My iPhone ” feature , require your personal information for the feature to work .
[ Update # 2 , June 23rd , 1:25 p.m. : Apple has been collecting location information since 2008 , when notice of that practice began to appear in its End User License Agreements for various Apple devices .
What the company did Monday was to move its language from those individual , device specific documents to its general privacy policy .
Apple still has not offered any comment on the nature of the " partners and licensees " it shares the location data with , or the time period for which it retains the data .
By using the phones and devices , users are implicitly giving Apple their consent to collect the data .
But , the EULA explains , users
may withdraw this consent at any time by going to the Location Services setting on your iPhone and either turning off the global Location Services setting or turning off the individual location settings of each location - aware application on your iPhone .
As some readers have noted , Apple has added a " Location Services " page under Settings --> General that allows users to prevent apps from using location information .
However , there 's nothing to indicate that these settings prevent Apple itself from gathering and storing location data from Apple devices .
As a point of comparison , Google has said for some time that it collects geo-data from Android phones .
On a page about its mobile privacy practices , the company also offers this rather opaque description of what it collects and when :
If you use location - enabled products and services , such as Google Maps for mobile , you may be sending us location information .
This information may reveal your actual location , such as GPS data , or it may not , such as when you submit a partial address to look at a map of the area .
-- David Sarno
ALMOST THREE in 10 Irish people fear they may run out of money for food , ordinary bills and daily consumer items according to a new EU survey .
The study also finds that 15 per cent feel their job is threatened while 45 per cent of Irish respondents feel there is a high or moderate risk that they would not cope with an unexpected expense of € 1,000 in the next year .
A similar number feels there was a high , moderate or low risk that they would fall behind with rent or mortgage payments in the next 12 months .
In addition , 6 per cent of Irish respondents say they are falling behind with some or many bills and a further 9 per cent say they are keeping up with bills , but find it a constant struggle .
The recession is also making its presence felt in other EU countries .
The research , which was commissioned by social affairs commissioner Laslo Andor , shows that 85 per cent of Greek respondents think that poverty increased in their country in the last year .
Eighty - three per cent of French respondents perceive a rise in poverty , while 82 per cent of Bulgarians , 77 per cent of Romanians and 75 per cent of Italians see poverty on the rise .
Some 50 per cent of Irish survey respondents said they perceive a strong or slight increase in poverty , but the tally is below the EU average of 60 per cent .
A total of 1,000 Irish people participated in the Eurobarometer telephone survey , which was carried out last month .
Some 4 per cent of Irish respondents felt it was “ very likely ” or “ fairly likely ” they would need to leave their home in the next year as it would become unaffordable .
Fear of having to leave home is greatest in Greece and Latvia , the survey said .
Mr Andor said : “ The crisis is taking its toll and a significant proportion of Europeans are finding it difficult to make ends meet . ”
In Ireland , 35 per cent of respondents said they were finding it much more difficult or somewhat more difficult to afford healthcare .
This was greater than the EU average of 29 per cent .
Ireland came in slightly below average as regards childcare , with 11 per cent of respondents saying it was much more difficult or somewhat more difficult to afford such services .
Some 27 per cent of Irish respondents said they found it much more difficult or somewhat more difficult to afford long - term care for family members .
“ The older the respondents , the more likely they were to feel that it had become harder to afford general healthcare and long - term care for themselves or their family , ” the research stated .
As my wife and I prepare for our journey into parenthood , one thing we ’ve slowly realized is just how expensive it can be to have children .
There are a host of big and small baby expenses that you may not have even considered , and as time goes on they slowly add up to a pretty large sum of money .
In fact , by some estimates over the life of the child you ’ll spend in excess of $ 250,000 on each child !
Does the fact that it can be expensive give us pause about becoming parents ?
Absolutely not – we ’re excited beyond all belief for the coming birth of our son Carter .
On the other hand , it ’s a good idea to go in with eyes wide open so that you can plan ahead , and be ready for all the added baby expense that will come your way .
If you look hard , there are plenty of ways to save .
Today I want to take a look at some of those expenses , along with exploring ways to counter the expenses to help minimize their impact .
Baby Expenses To Expect , And How To Cut Costs
There are a ton of costs to consider , and we probably wo n’t cover them all here , but here ’s a start .
Baby furniture : Baby cribs , dressers , lamps , accessories , rocking chairs and changing tables will all be pushed on you when you visit the Babies R Us .
Do you need them all ?
Probably not .
At the very least you ’ll probably need a crib and / or a pack ‘n play for your child to sleep in and a place to put your baby clothes .
If you end up buying everything on the baby furniture list , however , you can easily spend over $ 1000 !
A way to get around this is to find good quality furniture used at a second hand children ’s store , or from a family member or friend that no longer needs theirs .
Just be careful that the item is n’t recalled or unsafe .
: Baby cribs , dressers , lamps , accessories , rocking chairs and changing tables will all be pushed on you when you visit the Babies R Us .
Do you need them all ?
Probably not .
At the very least you ’ll probably need a crib and / or a pack ‘n play for your child to sleep in and a place to put your baby clothes .
If you end up buying everything on the baby furniture list , however , you can easily spend over $ 1000 !
A way to get around this is to find good quality furniture used at a second hand children ’s store , or from a family member or friend that no longer needs theirs .
Just be careful that the item is n’t recalled or unsafe .
Diapers and wipes :
A newborn will go through between 8 - 12 diapers a day or more for the first few months .
That ’s 3-400 diapers a month !
Add in the cost of baby wipes , butt cream , a diaper genie and a variety of other diaper care products , and it can quickly add up to $ 100 - 200 a month !
Ways to cut costs ?
Use cloth diapers !
It may not be pretty , but it can add up to a huge savings – just ask my mom !
( We ’re sticking with disposables at our house )
: A newborn will go through between 8 - 12 diapers a day or more for the first few months .
That ’s 3-400 diapers a month !
Add in the cost of baby wipes , butt cream , a diaper genie and a variety of other diaper care products , and it can quickly add up to $ 100 - 200 a month !
Ways to cut costs ?
Use cloth diapers !
It may not be pretty , but it can add up to a huge savings – just ask my mom !
( We ’re sticking with disposables at our house ) Baby Clothes :
Who knew how fast babies grow out of their clothes , and just how many changes of clothes you ’ll need when they have those blowout diapers ?
You need clothes for 0 - 3 months , 3 - 6 months , 6 - 12 months , 12 - 18 months and so on .
Do n’t expect babies to stay in that cute onesie for more than a month or two !
Costs for clothes can quickly get into the hundreds of dollars .
To cut costs , shop second hand baby stores ( where you can often find brand new baby clothes with the tags still on ) , get clothes from friends and family , and register for all the clothes you need for the baby shower .
By doing this we ended up only spending $ 40 - 50 on baby clothes .
: Who knew how fast babies grow out of their clothes , and just how many changes of clothes you ’ll need when they have those blowout diapers ?
You need clothes for 0 - 3 months , 3 - 6 months , 6 - 12 months , 12 - 18 months and so on .
Do n’t expect babies to stay in that cute onesie for more than a month or two !
Costs for clothes can quickly get into the hundreds of dollars .
To cut costs , shop second hand baby stores ( where you can often find brand new baby clothes with the tags still on ) , get clothes from friends and family , and register for all the clothes you need for the baby shower .
By doing this we ended up only spending $ 40 - 50 on baby clothes .
Baby Formula :
The cost of baby formula to feed your baby is high , and rising !
You can easily spend in excess of $ 100 a month ( or more ) on baby formula .
One of the best ways to save is breastfeed your baby if you can .
You ’ll save hundreds of dollars over the months !
Even after the cost of a good breast pump , it can still be much cheaper than the alternative .
: The cost of baby formula to feed your baby is high , and rising !
You can easily spend in excess of $ 100 a month ( or more ) on baby formula .
One of the best ways to save is breastfeed your baby if you can .
You ’ll save hundreds of dollars over the months !
Even after the cost of a good breast pump , it can still be much cheaper than the alternative .
Toys :
The child probably is n’t going to need a ton of toys , especially those first few months .
You can save a lot here by just not buying a lot of toys , or by getting them second hand from friends family and second hand stores .
We were just given enough stuff that we really did n’t have to buy any of this .
: The child probably is n’t going to need a ton of toys , especially those first few months .
You can save a lot here by just not buying a lot of toys , or by getting them second hand from friends family and second hand stores .
We were just given enough stuff that we really did n’t have to buy any of this .
Increased medical costs :
The average hospital bill for a vaginal delivery is in the range of $ 9,000 - $ 17,000 , up to $ 25,000 if you have a C - section ( source ) .
( Great reason to have good insurance !
Costs usually top out around $ 3,000 with insurance )
Also , adding a child to your health insurance will cause your rates to go up .
You can expect the rates to go up anywhere from $ 75 - 150 or more per month .
Also add in the costs of regular doctor ’s visits , especially in the first year or two .
Ways to save on medical care ?
The only thing I can say to try is try asking for a discount when paying for your hospital stay .
Sometimes you can get a reduced rate by paying cash .
: The average hospital bill for a vaginal delivery is in the range of $ 9,000 - $ 17,000 , up to $ 25,000 if you have a C - section ( source ) .
( Great reason to have good insurance !
Costs usually top out around $ 3,000 with insurance )
Also , adding a child to your health insurance will cause your rates to go up .
You can expect the rates to go up anywhere from $ 75 - 150 or more per month .
Also add in the costs of regular doctor ’s visits , especially in the first year or two .
Ways to save on medical care ?
The only thing I can say to try is try asking for a discount when paying for your hospital stay .
Sometimes you can get a reduced rate by paying cash .
Child care costs :
If you are both going to be continuing to work , you ’ll most likely need to find a daycare for your child .
Day care is n’t cheap – it can range anywhere from $ 100 - 800 / week depending upon where you go , who is watching your child , etc .
That ’s thousands of dollars a year !
It will behoove you to do your research beforehand in order to find the best possible care at the most reasonable price .
Ways to save ?
Have a friend or family member watch your child for you at a reduced rate or for free .
In our situation we actually decided that it made more sense for my wife to stay home , and to become a single income family .
: If you are both going to be continuing to work , you ’ll most likely need to find a daycare for your child .
Day care is n’t cheap – it can range anywhere from $ 100 - 800 / week depending upon where you go , who is watching your child , etc .
That ’s thousands of dollars a year !
It will behoove you to do your research beforehand in order to find the best possible care at the most reasonable price .
Ways to save ?
Have a friend or family member watch your child for you at a reduced rate or for free .
In our situation we actually decided that it made more sense for my wife to stay home , and to become a single income family .
Babyproofing costs :
This is one I did n’t really think of before , but you do have to make your house safe for a child to live and play in , especially once they become a bit more mobile .
You ’ll need things like baby gates on stairways , plug covers so they do n’t get electrocuted and covers for your door handles – so they ca n’t open a door and fall down the stairs .
The costs can quickly get into the hundreds of dollars if you ’re not careful .
Try finding some items secondhand , and shop around for good deals on others .
: This is one I did n’t really think of before , but you do have to make your house safe for a child to live and play in , especially once they become a bit more mobile .
You ’ll need things like baby gates on stairways , plug covers so they do n’t get electrocuted and covers for your door handles – so they ca n’t open a door and fall down the stairs .
The costs can quickly get into the hundreds of dollars if you ’re not careful .
Try finding some items secondhand , and shop around for good deals on others .
Increased utilities costs :
If you previously both worked , and you were able to use a programmable thermostat to use less energy during the day when you were gone , you may not be able to do that now if one spouse is staying home with the child .
By some accounts you may see a 30 - 40 % increase in energy usage .
: If you previously both worked , and you were able to use a programmable thermostat to use less energy during the day when you were gone , you may not be able to do that now if one spouse is staying home with the child .
By some accounts you may see a 30 - 40 % increase in energy usage .
Miscellaneous baby gear :
You ’ll probably need a ton of other baby gear including things like a baby carrier , diaper bag , pacifiers , baby bathtubs , crib bedding , jogging strollers , car seats etc .
Save by asking for much of this stuff on your registry , and quite often you ’ll get all you need from your shower .
: You ’ll probably need a ton of other baby gear including things like a baby carrier , diaper bag , pacifiers , baby bathtubs , crib bedding , jogging strollers , car seats etc .
Save by asking for much of this stuff on your registry , and quite often you ’ll get all you need from your shower .
Less time for income creating activities :
One thing I do in my spare time is create income for my family via my blogging and other online activities .
When the baby comes I expect to have less free time available for those activities , and as such time will be at a premium .
I think I ’ll still be working quite a bit , but I ’ll need to be more organized and strategic about how I spend my time .
Baby Cost Calculator
Want another way to estimate some of the costs you ’ll incur ?
Check out this baby cost calculator at babycenter .com to see just how much you can expect to spend during the first year .
For us , it says we can expect to spend about $ 11,000 or so .
Other Resources
One thing that we really used a lot when deciding what things we needed to buy , and what not to buy was a book called Baby Bargains .
The book will tell you what things to buy , and which things to avoid .
It tells you where to buy things at a discount .
It will tell you which stroller is the best buy for the money , and which crib has a sketchy safety rating .
The book was invaluable , and I ’d highly recommend it .
There are also a ton of great resources online to help you plan for when the baby comes .
Benefits Of Having A Baby
While there a ton of monetary costs associated with having children , there are some positive financial aspects to having children as well .
Tax credit :
For each child you have you get to claim a $ 1000 child tax deduction .
I ’ve got one friend with 5 children – he gets a nice tax deduction ( although I admit , he has added cost as well ) .
: For each child you have you get to claim a $ 1000 child tax deduction .
I ’ve got one friend with 5 children – he gets a nice tax deduction ( although I admit , he has added cost as well ) .
Wake - up call financially :
For many having children gives them a financial wake - up call that gives them the added kick in the pants they need to get their financial lives together .
Trent Hamm of the simpledollar.com said it this way : “ Having kids was the single best financial move I ever made .
Their presence made me rethink things and get my act together .
With a one and a three year old at home , I ’m now in the best financial shape of my life . “
Get Your Financial House In Order Now And Plan Ahead
If you are n’t having children yet , but plan to , take advantage of the time you have before having children in order to become debt free , and to make sure you ’re financially able to have children – before you need to .
There ’s nothing better than being debt free with an emergency fund saved when you ’re having a child because it helps to eliminate many of the money worries that go along with having children .
After all , for many people the likelihood of financial worries and loss of a carefree life are reasons why they would decide not to have children .
For us , we ’re excited to be growing our small family , and we ca n’t wait to bring another little Anderson into the world .
We ’ve planned ahead for the expenses , boosted the size of our emergency fund , and prepared ourselves for what is to come .
How about you ?
Are you planning on having children , and has the cost given you any second thoughts ?
Already had children ?
What kind of expenses did you see – were they higher or lower than you thought ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments !
I just tried make a one liner to get info about keywords from Wikipedia .
This is just an idea can be further advanced , the command is just use of the wiki dns and few utilities like dig and zenity .
< b > zenity -- info -- text = " $ ( dig + short txt $ ( zenity -- entry -- title = " Search wiki " -- text =
" Enter your search word : " ) .wp.dg.cx ) " </ b >
Sample output :
Say if the search term was " Ubuntu " , the output would be :
" Ubuntu ( in English , in Zulu ) is a computer operating system based on Debian GNU / Linux .
Its name comes from the Zulu word " ubuntu " , translated as " humanity to others " , describing the ubuntu philosophy : " I am what I am because of who we all are " , a positiv " " e aspect of community .
Ubuntu 's goals include providing an up - to - date , stable operating system for the average user , with a ...
http://a.vu/w:Ubuntu "
Download the file and place it in / bin and make a custom application launcher or just use it as a plain cli app .
It may only be the first day of E3 proper , but we 've already had plenty of new games announced and trailers revealed .
From anticipated sequels like Fallout : New Vegas and Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood to new games like Enslaved and Devil 's
Third , there 's a lot to get excited about .
Here are some of the best game trailers to come out of E3 so far .
Assassin's Creed : Brotherhood
No actual gameplay footage is revealed in the first teaser trailer for the new Assassin 's Creed — which once again stars AC2's Ezio — so it 's hard to judge exactly how the game will play .
It does appear that Ezio will be joined by a team of fellow assassins — hence the Brotherhood subtitle — and the game will be released on November 16 .
X - Com
When 2 K first revealed that X - Com would be making a return as a first - person shooter , the result was quite a bit of skepticism among fans of the series .
Now you can finally get a chance to see the game in its debut trailer , complete with a 1950s aesthetic and plenty of gooey black aliens .
Devil 's
Third
Ever since Tomonobu Itagaki had his fallout with Tecmo , the former Team Ninja mastermind has been quiet about what he 's working on .
Now his new studio , Valhalla Game Studios , has revealed its debut game , titled Devil 's Third .
Unsurprisingly , it looks a lot like Itagaki 's previous work : an action - packed spectacle filled with copious amounts of blood and gore .
Scott Pilgrim vs. The World
With the upcoming film adaptation of Bryan Lee O'Malley 's Scott Pilgrim graphic novel series set to hit in August , Ubisoft has released the first trailer for the upcoming game .
Set to be released " soon " on the PS3 , the game looks to be incredibly faithful to the source material , as a 2D side - scrolling beat - em - up complete with a gorgeous pixel art style and rocking chiptune soundtrack .
Homefront
This teaser trailer for THQ's upcoming Homefront does n't reveal much about the actual game , as it contains no gameplay footage at all .
But it does show off what could be a very interesting setting : a future where a Kim Jong - Il has passed away and a united Korea , led by his son , is taking over the world .
Enslaved : Odyssey to the West
The developers of Heavenly Sword are back with what looks to be an action - adventure set in a post - apocalyptic future .
Only , instead of the traditional browns and grays of nuclear fallout , whatever decimated the human race has left the planet green and vibrant ... and teeming with killer robots .
Killzone 3
The sequel to one of the best - looking shooters on the PS3 looks to be very similar to its predecessors , albeit with a new change in scenery .
This trailer shows off a frigid Arctic wasteland teeming with Helghast soldiers and a very cool - looking rocket pack .
Fallout : New Vegas
The new trailer for Fallout : New Vegas does n't hold a lot of surprises , showing off a game that looks pretty much exactly as expected : it 's Fallout 3 .
In Las Vegas .
But that does n't make it any less cool , as the post - apocalyptic Sin City looks like it will be a nice contrast to the fiercely depressing Washington , DC of its predecessor , especially with the lit - up Vegas strip .
16 years ago today the Canucks ' amazing playoff run of 1994 came to a heartbreaking end as the Rangers won Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Finals by a score of 3 - 2 .
So close .
The Canucks had erased a 3 - 1 series deficit to the huge dismay of Rangers fans , who thought they had this series by the bag in Game 5 .
It was a team effort that will never be forgotten .
Unfortunately , post game , certain " fans " of the team in all their angst and / or drunkedness had a few ideas of their own on how to celebrate , spoiling the festivities for the decent fans out there :
Looting , fighting , confrontations with police and the riot squad , tear gas and rubber bullets galore .
I remember that whole incident spoiling the evening on what was a night that should have been celebrated , even in defeat .
Then again , the riot was also a bit of a distraction from the dagger to the heart that was Game 7 .
( CNN ) -- The International Monetary Fund on Sunday approved a 30 billion euro ( $ 38.6 billion ) loan for Greece as part of a larger European Union - led effort to help ease the country 's economic crisis .
The three - year deal makes about 5.5 billion euros ( US $ 7 billion ) immediately available to Greece 's battered economy , the IMF said in a statement announcing the loan .
The approval comes a week after Greece accepted an international aid package -- negotiated by the IMF , European Central Bank and European Commission -- worth 110 billion euros ( US $ 141 billion ) .
On Sunday , Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou blamed the economic crisis on corruption " on all levels . "
" The same economic crisis that we 're living through is proof that these phenomena drove our country to unbearable debt and deficit and stagnated development , " Papandreou said in a statement .
" That is why it is our obligation to improve , with all of our might , how the political system operates and for society to not shape a general climate that is against that system and against the institutions which can ultimately only harm the country and citizens themselves . "
Clashes between police and thousands of demonstrators in Athens on Thursday killed at least three people .
The demonstrations came hours after Greek lawmakers approved an unpopular package of budget - cutting measures .
The measures were required to meet the terms of the EU bailout .
Papandreou called for a meeting of Parliament on Monday to address the issues .
Image caption Russian security forces secured the scene of the plane crash in April
Russian prosecutors say four soldiers have been charged with stealing the credit cards of a passenger killed when the Polish president 's plane crashed in Russia in April .
About 6,000 Polish zloty ( £ 2,000 ) was withdrawn on the cards , according to Polish investigators .
Russia initially denied both the theft and arrests had taken place .
Russia 's defence ministry now says it will pay compensation if the suspects ' guilt is confirmed .
The Russian prosecutor 's investigations office said four Russian soldiers had been charged with " theft carried out by a group with premeditation " , according to state media .
Three of the four soldiers had previous criminal convictions , including robbery and counterfeiting , the prosecutor 's office said .
The soldiers have already admitted their involvement , a spokesman was quoted by Itar - Tass and Ekho Moskvy as saying .
The Russian reports said the sum stolen was more than 60,000 roubles ( £ 1,300 ) .
' Embarrassing admission '
The men had been responsible for sealing off the crash site at Smolensk airport .
The Polish government plane crashed on 10 April , killing President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others .
On Monday Monika Lewandowska , a spokeswoman for Warsaw prosecutors , said that the first withdrawal on two stolen cards was made about two hours after the crash .
Ms Lewandowska said other withdrawals took place over the next three days .
The cards belonged to Andrzej Przewoznik , a historian who oversaw wartime memorials in Poland .
He was one of a high - level delegation of Poles on their way to commemorate the 1940 Katyn massacre of more than 20,000 Poles by Soviet forces .
The BBC's Richard Galpin in Moscow says this is a highly embarrassing admission by the Russian authorities - having initially denied the allegations .
George Soros recently gave a speech at a conference in Vienna .
Here 's a transcript , courtesy of Australia 's The Age .
We 've highlighted the important bits .
In the week following the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers on Sept. 15 , 2008 — global financial markets actually broke down , and by the end of the week , they had to be put on artificial life support .
The life support consisted of substituting sovereign credit for the credit of financial institutions , which ceased to be acceptable to counterparties .
As Mervyn King of the Bank of England brilliantly explained , the authorities had to do in the short term the exact opposite of what was needed in the long term : they had to pump in a lot of credit to make up for the credit that disappeared , and thereby reinforce the excess credit and leverage that had caused the crisis in the first place .
Only in the longer term , when the crisis had subsided , could they drain the credit and re-establish macroeconomic balance .
This required a delicate two - phase maneuver just as when a car is skidding .
First you have to turn the car into the direction of the skid and only when you have regained control can you correct course .
The first phase of the maneuver has been successfully accomplished — a collapse has been averted .
In retrospect , the temporary breakdown of the financial system seems like a bad dream .
There are people in the financial institutions that survived who would like nothing better than to forget it and carry on with business as usual .
This was evident in their massive lobbying effort to protect their interests in the Financial Reform
Act that just came out of Congress .
But the collapse of the financial system as we know it is real , and the crisis is far from over .
Indeed , we have just entered Act II of the drama , when financial markets started losing confidence in the credibility of sovereign debt .
Greece and the euro have taken center stage , but the effects are liable to be felt worldwide .
Doubts about sovereign credit are forcing reductions in budget deficits at a time when the banks and the economy may not be strong enough to permit the pursuit of fiscal rectitude .
We find ourselves in a situation eerily reminiscent of the 1930s .
Keynes has taught us that budget deficits are essential for counter cyclical policies , yet many governments have to reduce them under pressure from financial markets .
This is liable to push the global economy into a double dip .
It is important to realize that the crisis in which we find ourselves is not just a market failure but also a regulatory failure , and even more importantly , a failure of the prevailing dogma about financial markets .
I have in mind the Efficient Market Hypothesis and Rational Expectation Theory .
These economic theories guided , or more exactly misguided , both the regulators and the financial engineers who designed the derivatives and other synthetic financial instruments and quantitative risk management systems which have played such an important part in the collapse .
To gain a proper understanding of the current situation and how we got to where we are , we need to go back to basics and re-examine the foundation of economic theory .
I have developed an alternative theory about financial markets which asserts that financial markets do not necessarily tend toward equilibrium ; they can just as easily produce asset bubbles .
Nor are markets capable of correcting their own excesses .
Keeping asset bubbles within bounds have to be an objective of public policy .
I propounded this theory in my first book , “ The Alchemy of Finance , ” in 1987 .
It was generally dismissed at the time , but the current financial crisis has proven , not necessarily its validity , but certainly its superiority to the prevailing dogma .
Let me briefly recapitulate my theory for those who are not familiar with it .
It can be summed up in two propositions .
First , financial markets , far from accurately reflecting all the available knowledge , always provide a distorted view of reality .
This is the principle of fallibility .
The degree of distortion may vary from time to time .
Sometimes it ’s quite insignificant , at other times it is quite pronounced .
When there is a significant divergence between market prices and the underlying reality I speak of far from equilibrium conditions .
That is where we are now .
Second , financial markets do not play a purely passive role ; they can also affect the so - called fundamentals they are supposed to reflect .
These two functions that financial markets perform work in opposite directions .
In the passive or cognitive function , the fundamentals are supposed to determine market prices .
In the active or manipulative function market , prices find ways of influencing the fundamentals .
When both functions operate at the same time , they interfere with each other .
The supposedly independent variable of one function is the dependent variable of the other , so that neither function has a truly independent variable .
As a result , neither market prices nor the underlying reality is fully determined .
Both suffer from an element of uncertainty that cannot be quantified .
I call the interaction between the two functions reflexivity .
Frank Knight recognized and explicated this element of unquantifiable uncertainty in a book published in 1921 , but the Efficient Market Hypothesis and Rational Expectation Theory have deliberately ignored it .
That is what made them so misleading .
Reflexivity sets up a feedback loop between market valuations and the so - called fundamentals which are being valued .
The feedback can be either positive or negative .
Negative feedback brings market prices and the underlying reality closer together .
In other words , negative feedback is self - correcting .
It can go on forever , and if the underlying reality remains unchanged , it may eventually lead to an equilibrium in which market prices accurately reflect the fundamentals .
By contrast , a positive feedback is self - reinforcing .
It can not go on forever because eventually , market prices would become so far removed from reality that market participants would have to recognize them as unrealistic .
When that tipping point is reached , the process becomes self - reinforcing in the opposite direction .
That is how financial markets produce boom - bust phenomena or bubbles .
Bubbles are not the only manifestations of reflexivity , but they are the most spectacular .
In my interpretation equilibrium , which is the central case in economic theory , turns out to be a limiting case where negative feedback is carried to its ultimate limit .
Positive feedback has been largely assumed away by the prevailing dogma , and it deserves a lot more attention .
I have developed a rudimentary theory of bubbles along these lines .
Every bubble has two components : an underlying trend that prevails in reality and a misconception relating to that trend .
When a positive feedback develops between the trend and the misconception , a boom - bust process is set in motion .
The process is liable to be tested by negative feedback along the way , and if it is strong enough to survive these tests , both the trend and the misconception will be reinforced .
Eventually , market expectations become so far removed from reality that people are forced to recognize that a misconception is involved .
A twilight period ensues during which doubts grow and more and more people lose faith , but the prevailing trend is sustained by inertia .
As Chuck Prince , former head of Citigroup , said , “ As long as the music is playing , you ’ve got to get up and dance .
We are still dancing . ”
Eventually a tipping point is reached when the trend is reversed ; it then becomes self - reinforcing in the opposite direction .
Typically bubbles have an asymmetric shape .
The boom is long and slow to start .
It accelerates gradually until it flattens out again during the twilight period .
The bust is short and steep because it involves the forced liquidation of unsound positions .
Disillusionment turns into panic , reaching its climax in a financial crisis .
The simplest case of a purely financial bubble can be found in real estate .
The trend that precipitates it is the availability of credit ; the misconception that continues to recur in various forms is that the value of the collateral is independent of the availability of credit .
As a matter of fact , the relationship is reflexive .
When credit becomes cheaper , activity picks up and real estate values rise .
There are fewer defaults , credit performance improves , and lending standards are relaxed .
So at the height of the boom , the amount of credit outstanding is at its peak , and a reversal precipitates false liquidation , depressing real estate values .
The bubble that led to the current financial crisis is much more complicated .
The collapse of the subprime bubble in 2007 set off a chain reaction , much as an ordinary bomb sets off a nuclear explosion .
I call it a superbubble .
It has developed over a longer period of time , and it is composed of a number of simpler bubbles .
What makes the superbubble so interesting is the role that the smaller bubbles have played in its development .
The prevailing trend in the superbubble was the ever - increasing use of credit and leverage .
The prevailing misconception was the belief that financial markets are self - correcting and should be left to their own devices .
President Reagan called it the “ magic of the marketplace , ” and I call it market fundamentalism .
It became the dominant creed in the 1980s .
Since market fundamentalism was based on false premises , its adoption led to a series of financial crises .
Each time , the authorities intervened , merged away , or otherwise took care of the failing financial institutions , and applied monetary and fiscal stimuli to protect the economy .
These measures reinforced the prevailing trend of ever - increasing credit and leverage , and as long as they worked , they also reinforced the prevailing misconception that markets can be safely left to their own devices .
The intervention of the authorities is generally recognized as creating amoral hazard ; more accurately it served as a successful test of a false belief , thereby inflating the superbubble even further .
It should be emphasized that my theories of bubbles cannot predict whether a test will be successful or not .
This holds for ordinary bubbles as well as the superbubble .
For instance , I thought the emerging market crisis of 1997 - 98 would constitute the tipping point for the superbubble , but I was wrong .
The authorities managed to save the system and the superbubble continued growing .
That made the bust that eventually came in 2007 - 8 all the more devastating .
What are the implications of my theory for the regulation of the financial system ?
First and foremost , since markets are bubble - prone , the financial authorities have to accept responsibility for preventing bubbles from growing too big .
Alan Greenspan and other regulators have expressly refused to accept that responsibility .
If markets ca n’t recognize bubbles , Greenspan argued , neither can regulators — and he was right .
Nevertheless , the financial authorities have to accept the assignment , knowing full well that they will not be able to meet it without making mistakes .
They will , however , have the benefit of receiving feedback from the markets , which will tell them whether they have done too much or too little .
They can then correct their mistakes .
Second , in order to control asset bubbles it is not enough to control the money supply ; you must also control the availability of credit .
This can not be done by using only monetary tools ; you must also use credit controls .
The best - known tools are margin requirements and minimum capital requirements .
Currently , they are fixed irrespective of the market ’s mood , because markets are not supposed to have moods .
Yet they do , and the financial authorities need to vary margin and minimum capital requirements in order to control asset bubbles .
Regulators may also have to invent new tools or revive others that have fallen into disuse .
For instance , in my early days in finance , many years ago , central banks used to instruct commercial banks to limit their lending to a particular sector of the economy , such as real estate or consumer loans , because they felt that the sector was overheating .
Market fundamentalists consider that kind of intervention unacceptable , but they are wrong .
When our central banks used to do it , we had no financial crises to speak of .
The Chinese authorities do it today , and they have much better control over their banking system .
The deposits that Chinese commercial banks have to maintain at the People ’s Bank of China were increased 17 times during the boom , and when the authorities reversed course , the banks obeyed them with alacrity .
Third , since markets are potentially unstable , there are systemic risks in addition to the risks affecting individual market participants .
Participants may ignore these systemic risks in the belief that they can always dispose of their positions , but regulators cannot ignore them because if too many participants are on the same side , positions cannot be liquidated without causing a discontinuity or a collapse .
They have to monitor the positions of participants in order to detect potential imbalances .
That means that the positions of all major market participants , including hedge funds and sovereign wealth funds , need to be monitored .
The drafters of the Basel Accords made a mistake when they gave securities held by banks substantially lower risk ratings than regular loans : they ignored the systemic risks attached to concentrated positions in securities .
This was an important factor aggravating the crisis .
It has to be corrected by raising the risk ratings of securities held by banks .
That will probably discourage loans , which is not such a bad thing .
Fourth , derivatives and synthetic financial instruments perform many useful functions , but they also carry hidden dangers .
For instance , the securitization of mortgages was supposed to reduce risk through geographical diversification .
In fact , it introduced a new risk by separating the interest of the agents from the interest of the owners .
Regulators need to fully understand how these instruments work before they allow them to be used , and they ought to impose restrictions guard against those hidden dangers .
For instance , agents packaging mortgages into securities ought to be obliged to retain sufficient ownership to guard against the agency problem .
Credit - default swaps ( C.D.S. ) are particularly dangerous .
They allow people to buy insurance on the survival of a company or a country while handing them a license to kill .
C.D.S. ought to be available to buyers only to the extent that they have a legitimate insurable interest .
Generally speaking , derivatives ought to be registered with a regulatory agency just as regular securities have to be registered with the S.E.C. or its equivalent .
Derivatives traded on exchanges would be registered as a class ; those traded over - the - counter would have to be registered individually .
This would provide a powerful inducement to use exchange traded derivatives whenever possible .
Finally , we must recognize that financial markets evolve in a one - directional , nonreversible manner .
The financial authorities , in carrying out their duty of preventing the system from collapsing , have extended an implicit guarantee to all institutions that are “ too big to fail . ”
Now they cannot credibly withdraw that guarantee .
Therefore , they must impose regulations that will ensure that the guarantee will not be invoked .
Too - big - to - fail banks must use less leverage and accept various restrictions on how they invest the depositors ’ money .
Deposits should not be used to finance proprietary trading .
But regulators have to go even further .
They must regulate the compensation packages of proprietary traders to ensure that risks and rewards are properly aligned .
This may push proprietary traders out of banks , into hedge funds where they properly belong .
Just as oil tankers are compartmentalized in order to keep them stable , there ought to be firewalls between different markets .
It is probably impractical to separate investment banking from commercial banking as the Glass - Steagall Act of 1933 did .
But there have to be internal compartments keeping proprietary trading in various markets separate from each other .
Some banks that have come to occupy quasi- monopolistic positions may have to be broken up .
While I have a high degree of conviction on these five points , there are many questions to which my theory does not provide an unequivocal answer .
For instance , is a high degree of liquidity always desirable ?
To what extent should securities be marked to market ?
Many answers that followed automatically from the Efficient Market Hypothesis need to be re-examined .
It is clear that the reforms currently under consideration do not fully satisfy the five points I have made , but I want to emphasize that these five points apply only in the long run .
As Mervyn King explained , the authorities had to do in the short run the exact opposite of what was required in the long run .
And as I said earlier , the financial crisis is far from over .
We have just ended Act II .
The euro has taken center stage , and Germany has become the lead actor .
The European authorities face a daunting task : they must help the countries that have fallen far behind the Maastricht criteria to regain their equilibrium while they must also correct the deficiencies of the Maastricht Treaty which have allowed the imbalances to develop .
The euro is in what I call a far - from - equilibrium situation .
But I prefer to discuss this subject in Germany , which is the lead actor , and I plan to do so at the Humboldt University in Berlin on June 23 .
I hope you will forgive me if I avoid the subject until then .
PLEASE NOTE :
The images below are potential SPOILERS
( though they are just concept art )
The website for art designer and illustrator Peter McKinstry has been updated with some artwork from this year 's series finale .
You can see some images below , click on them for bigger versions and check out his website HERE for more amazing images .
Visit the finale section HERE and read some huge SPOILERS about the last two episodes HERE
The 8th Era is an electro / fidget group from New York and Philly .
I recently tweeted about artists sending in their tracks for me to spotlight , and they were one of the first to respond .
What originally got my attention was their remix of deadmau5 ’s “ Some Chords ” , but this was only the tip of the iceberg .
I gave each of their remixes a listen and was equally impressed with all of them .
Download Some Chords ( The 8th Era Remix ) by Deadmau5.mp3 – 6.2 Mb
Some Chords ( The 8th Era Remix ) by Deadmau5 by The 8th Era
The Antagonist by The 8th Era
@twitter
@facebook
@soundcloud
I started this website in 2009 as a means of sharing my EDM findings with my friends .
Since then , the website has experienced an explosion in growth that I never once imagined .
This excitement and growth inspires me to make ElectroJams the # 1 source for new electronic music .
He can't flip pancakes , fold clothes or walk on the moon .
You would n't rely on him for a compatibility rating on your chances of love with a stranger and he definitely can't project holographic distress calls from Rebel princesses .
But to be fair , Leonardo Da Vinci 's robot is more than 500 years old .
And actually , he probably could flip pancakes , with some minor tweaks .
Da Vinci's " Mechanical Knight " is on display - along with many other inventions from the mind of one of the greatest artists of all time - at the Sydney Town Hall .
It works - and without humans cranking the wheels .
Just as today 's robots source their power from batteries , or fuel , or the sun , Da Vinci 's robot was entirely capable of performing its task without human help .
According to exhibition manager Luigi Rizzo , a hollow tube running up the knight 's spine would have held a shaft , connected at the knight 's feet to another shaft running out of sight behind a curtain or a wall .
Outside , it would be driven by a propellor , powered either by wind or running water .
Fixed , yes , but fully automated in all other respects .
The knight 's purpose was not military - there have been plenty of fanciful notions about Da Vinci 's army of metal knights .
This knight was for entertainment , or ceremony and how the Artisans of Florence - who put the robot together - know this is an insight into the astonishing mind of the man whose study of the human body gave him such a complete understanding of it , he began to build one .
The main blueprint for the robot which was uncovered from one of Da Vinci 's Codices , has between 16 - 20 designs drawn onto it .
Most have nothing to do with the robot - it 's how Da Vinci kept his secrets safe .
Medieval copyright , as Mr Rizzo describes it .
All the designs were given to artisans to build for Da Vinci .
Some worked , the rest were simply added to the mix to confuse those constructing the parts or any prying eyes .
The modern day Artisans , who now go by the name of " TeknoArt " , were n't so easy to fool .
Headed by Gabriele Niccolai , who played in the ruins of Da Vinci 's birth home as a child , TeknoArt have spent more than a decade assembling the robot , purely on Mr Niccolai 's insight into Da Vinci 's seemingly random designs .
A sketch of some weights on ropes and pulleys which to anyone else could be simple scales , to Mr Gabrieli mimic leg motions .
Where we see cogs and springs , Mr Gabrieli sees arms and tendons .
Enough so that after 15 years of studying the main drawing and linking it to pieces of other drawings , the team eventually built a skeleton .
Except that for a long time after , it was a skeleton that did n't work .
Everything was connected , but none of it moved without torturous friction on the ropes holding it together .
Da Vinci 's robot had no rhythm .
At this stage , Mr Rizzo said it would have been nice to be able to say genius solved the problem , but the reality was that it was pure speculation that brought the knight to life .
One of the sketches on the blueprint that was overlooked ( throw out the useless sketches and you 're left with the invention , Mr Rizzo says ) was of a drum .
Mr Gabrieli eventually linked the drum with the knight 's arrms and found the sketch of the mechanism which showed how Da Vinci wanted it built .
That machine beat a perfect tattoo when he wound the handle at the back , but even more surprising was what happened when that drum was placed in the robot 's chest .
The cylinder suddenly , magically , became its heart .
The rhythm it gave the knight caused all the other parts to work in perfect unison , without a hint of friction .
Da Vinci 's robot came alive , arms and legs lifting and dropping in time with the drum .
By replacing the cyclinder with one cut with different grooves , it would even change tempo .
Mr Rizzo said that remarkable though it is , even the robot is not Da Vinci 's greatest mechanical achievement .
At the moment , that honour belongs to the Drone - a type of flying machine - but another sketch on the robot blueprint has everyone at TeknoArt convinced they have unlocked the first part of the mythical " mechanical lion " .
Visitors to the Da Vinci home have recorded that they had seen drawings of the fully automated beast , and finally , Mr Rizzo revealed , TeknoArt has identified the first piece .
It 's just a sketch for a mechanical limb , but it 's definitely not a human limb , Mr Rizzo said , and that 's enough for the Artisans to know that Da Vinci 's mechanical lion is not just a myth .
Now it 's just a matter of Mr Gabrieli and his team scanning the remaining 20,000 of Da Vinci 's Codices for the other parts .
Given that the robot took 15 years to piece together , do n't expect Da Vinci 's lion to be touring the world soon , but when it does come together , Mr Rizzo promises it will be " spectacular " .
The question that remains is , what was in the estimated 55,000 pages of Da Vinci 's Codices that were lost ?
By now , the targeted girl had become more self - confident .
She was furious that the bully escaped punishment .
When the bully began picking on a second , weaker girl , she grew further incensed .
One bristling morning , the two girls came to blows , which the bully sorely came to regret .
Although teachers quickly broke up the fight , word of the outcome spread more swiftly :
“ All the kids chanted the victim ’s name , ” Mr. Orsini said , “ in triumph in the lunchroom . ”
The Cybersages
What a difference a few years can make in the life of a tween .
Earlier this month , a proud posse of Benjamin Franklin eighth - grade girls strode into homerooms of sixth graders : inches taller than the 12 - year - olds , skin calmer , they radiated a commanding exuberance as they tossed their long , glossy manes .
They wanted to offer advice about social networking sites and cyberbullying .
“ How many of you have discussed Mr. Orsini ’s letter with your parents ? ” asked Annie Thurston , one of the eighth graders , referring to his admonitions about online activity .
Slumped in their desks , at least a dozen students in one class glumly hoisted their hands .
In April , a parent alerted Mr. Orsini about Formspring , a site on which comments can be sent anonymously to mailboxes , and posted at the mailbox owner ’s discretion .
Many adults seem confounded at why girls , in particular , would choose to post the leering , scabrous queries ; some teenagers say they do so in order to toss back hard - shelled , tough - girl retorts .
The principal found the names of some Benjamin Franklin students on Formspring .
As Mr. Orsini later recounted the experience , he could n’t bring himself to utter even a sanitized version of the obscene posts he had read .
His face reddened , tears filling his eyes .
Soma Maiti did not think that her caste was a big deal until she fell in love .
The Brahmin – a member of the caste at the top of Hinduism ’s vast hierarchy – had always had friends from lower castes .
Like most modern , urban Indians , she considered herself largely blind to the ancient system that for millenniums determined position in life in India .
But when the charity worker from West Bengal told her parents she wanted to marry a low - caste man , they were appalled .
“ They immediately tried to get me married to someone they regarded as eligible simply because he was a Brahmin , ” says Maiti , who married the man of her choice and endured five years of silence from her family .
In an acknowledgment of the role caste continues to play in Indians ’ lives , the government is considering including caste in its once - a - decade census .
If it does , it will be the first time Indians will be asked their caste since 1931 , when the country was ruled by the British .
The proposal has whipped up a storm of controversy , with critics of the plan arguing that including caste in the census will reinforce an unjust and divisive system that India ’s Constitution sought to banish 60 years ago .
Indeed , after winning independence in 1947 , India ’s political leaders erased caste from official forms and records .
The Congress Party , which formed independent India ’s first government and has led the country for much of its subsequent history , has repeatedly resisted calls to include caste in the census in recent years .
Its change of heart is probably prompted in part by political considerations .
The calls have come from a number of regional caste - based parties that have sprung up in the last two decades , using caste inequality to mobilize voters .
As head of a coalition government , without a majority , Congress needs the support of smaller parties such as these to push through important legislation in the coming months .
Benefits for bottom castes
But many also believe that a nationwide caste count is necessary to bring greater social justice .
This is largely because India reserves a percentage of government jobs and places in universities for low castes .
The Constitution , drawn up in 1950 , set in place quotas for Dalits , the group formerly known as untouchables that languishes at the bottom of the caste heap .
In 1990 , the government extended some reservations to a group of castes a little higher up the pecking order , but also marginalized , known as Other Backward Castes ( OBCs ) .
The problem is , without up - to - date figures , quota allocations are made on the basis of data from the census of 1931 – by any reckoning out of date .
“ How can you have reservations when you do n’t know how many lower castes there are ? ” asks Mahesh Rangarajan , a historian at Delhi University .
“ Including caste in the census is an important step forward . ”
A social stain
Critics of the plan argue that India is becoming less caste - conscious and that bringing caste back into the census is a regressive step .
Economic development has had a more transformative effect on social hierarchies than more than six decades of reservations .
As millions of Indians have migrated to urban areas in search of work , they have exchanged the rigid social groupings of villages for the relative anonymity of cities , and swapped inherited trades for jobs in which family background is largely insignificant .
Caste nonetheless remains an inescapable part of Indian life .
Marriage ads , listed by caste and subcaste , fill the classified sections of weekend newspapers .
Brahmins , the loftiest caste , still dominate many professions .
No Dalits feature in India ’s new billionaire lists .
Caste feeling manifests itself in more sinister ways , too .
Police believe that the recent murder of a young journalist , engaged to a man from a lower caste , was one of a growing number of “ honor killings ” in which families avenge inter-caste marriages .
Discrimination is most evident , however , in the routine wretchedness of the lives of Dalits who remain India ’s poorest and least educated people .
“ Caste is very much alive – why pretend otherwise ? ” says Aditi Phadnis , political editor of the Business Standard , a leading daily newspaper .
Countless subcastes
She , like many , however , points out that there will be huge practical obstacles if the government does decide to include caste in the census .
India has four main caste groups but innumerable subcastes – some put the figure as high as 30,000 – and it is unclear how their differences should be tabulated .
If people think certain castes come with benefits , they could be more likely to lie .
And if , as seems likely , India will be found to have more low castes than is currently assumed , it will face a flood of requests to increase the number of reservations available to them .
Already , the government is battling campaigns from non-OBC castes , Muslims , and Hindu converts to Christianity to be included in reservation lists .
As more jobs are created in the business sector , another campaign to extend quotas to jobs in the private sector is gaining momentum .
Many commentators point out that India needs better jobs and services for its poorest people instead of handouts based on their inherited status .
“ At one stroke , ” wrote commentator Pratap Bhanu Mehta of the plan in the Indian Express newspaper , “ it trivializes all that modern India has stood for and condemns it to the tyranny of an insidious kind of identity politics . ”
Related stories :
DETROIT -- The Phoenix Coyotes lost Shane Doan -- their captain , physical catalyst and one of their best players -- two minutes into the second period Sunday .
And the Detroit Red Wings acted as if they were stripped of a key component .
The Coyotes responded with a spirited effort .
The mistake - prone Red Wings faded .
Phoenix outworked and outskated Detroit for a good portion of the final two periods and earned a 4 - 2 victory in Game 3 of the Western Conference quarterfinal playoff series at Joe Louis Arena .
The Coyotes lead the best - of - 7 series 2 - 1 , putting the Red Wings in a desperate situation for Tuesday 's Game 4 in Detroit .
" They were a better team for longer .
The neutral zone was an obstacle for us after the first period , '' Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
" When you turn over pucks , you look like you have no energy .
You 're chasing and you 're on the ice too long .
They were quicker .
We did n't skate and we did n't execute . ''
A strong first period by Detroit ended 1 - 1 .
But when Doan charged the net , stumbled over goaltender Jimmy Howard , smashed his right shoulder into the boards and left the game , the momentum oddly shifted in Phoenix 's favor .
COYOTES 4 , RED WINGS 2 Key play : Radim Vrbata streaked down the left wing and fired a shot that beat Jimmy Howard on the short side at 11:38 of the third period , giving Phoenix a 4 - 2 lead and sapping the momentum Detroit had gained after Johan Franzen scored 1:39 earlier .
Hero : Vrbata started the breakout that led to Petr Prucha ’s goal at 8:16 of the third period and then pretty much sealed the win with his goal minutes later .
Goat :
It was a rare bad night for Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom , who finished with no points and a minus - 3 rating .
Analysis :
The Coyotes showed tremendous resolve after losing captain Shane Doan to injury two minutes into the third period .
They showed they wanted it more .
They skated better , worked harder in the offensive zone and forced turnovers in the neutral zone with their solid structure .
The Red Wings better show more determination on Tuesday , because if they lose , it ’s hard to imagine they can win three games in a row against this team , especially with two of them in Phoenix .
" They just got better ' ' Babcock said .
" With no ( Vernon ) Fiddler ( out with an injury ) and no Doan , they had the puck more than we did . ''
Said Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom : " It did n't seem to slow them down at all .
They just kept going and playing .
They played real good structure . ''
Phoenix spent a good portion of the second period cycling and grinding the puck in the Detroit zone .
It paid off when Wojtek Wolski backhanded the rebound of a shot by Matthew Lombardi into the net with 31.7 seconds remaining .
The Coyotes capitalized on a turnover and the Red Wings were caught with their fourth line on the ice against Phoenix 's No. 1 line .
" ( Niklas Kronwall ) was going to ( Patrick ) Eaves down low and I kind of got in the way , '' Detroit 's Justin Abdelkader said .
" It hit my skate , bounced back and they came in on the rush , and the puck bounced out to Wolski . ''
Phoenix carried the momentum into the third period .
Petr Prucha made it 3 - 1 at 8:16 , working a give - and - go with Radim Vrbata as Lidstrom and defense partner Brian Rafalski got crossed up .
" It was two - on - two initially and Rafi and I kind of read it the wrong way and the guy slid behind Rafi and I was n't quick enough to get there and help out , '' Lidstrom said .
Johan Franzen , switched late to the line with Henrik Zetterberg and Todd Bertuzzi , responded with his first goal of the series at 9:59 , firing a sharp - angle shot just inside the goal post over goalie Ilya Bryzgalov 's shoulder .
The momentum fizzled fast , however , as Vrbata beat Howard on the short side with a shot from the left wing at 11:38 to make it 4 - 2 .
" He put it over my pad just outside my blocker , '' Howard said .
" I thought I was in the shooting lane all the way and I just kind of reached for it .
In that situation , that 's a goal that can't go in . ''
Said Coyotes defenseman Ed Jovanovski : " They got all the momentum .
The fans are really into it and then , boom !
We took the wind right out of their sails by Radim getting a huge goal . ''
In their two losses , the Red Wings started strong , only to fade the second half of the game .
" In the second period we spent a lot of time in our own zone , could n't get our legs going , '' Lidstrom said .
" I thought they got the puck in deep , they were skating the puck .
When we got it we did n't come out with speed and got stuck in the neutral zone , so we ended up with a lot of turnovers . ''
The Red Wings skated much better in the first period , after the Coyotes scored the fastest playoff goal in franchise history 29 seconds into the game when Sami Lepisto fired in a shot from the slot during a scramble .
Valtteri Filppula answered on the power play at 14:42 with his third goal of the series .
After taking a drop pass from Brad Stuart , Filppula fired a shot that hit the goal post and dribbled just over the line .
Detroit , however , was n't as hard on Phoenix 's defense or Bryzgalov as it wanted to be .
" We were a little bit all over the ice , '' Bertuzzi said .
" We got to hold our lanes , give our D outlets so we can have puck possession , middle drive , opportunities going to the net . ''
Coyotes coach Dave Tippett provided no update on Doan , saying doctors will look at him Monday .
Without Doan , Phoenix must match this effort going forward .
" We were better because we protected the puck more , which gives you an opportunity to attack , '' Tippett said .
" When you turn it over , you 're chasing . ''
Get Creative : 7 More Psychological Techniques
Trying to make connections ?
Here are seven more research - based techniques to increase creativity .
“ Creativity can solve almost any problem .
The creative act , the defeat of habit by originality overcomes everything . ”
~ George Lois
Following on from a previous article on how to be creative , which had a tremendous response , here are another 7 techniques for breaking through a creative block .
1. Counterfactual mindset
Conjuring up what might have been gives a powerful boost to creativity .
Markman et al. ( 2007 ) found that using counterfactuals ( what might have happened but did n’t ) sometimes doubled people ’s creativity .
But counterfactuals work best if they are tailored to the target problem :
Analytical problems are best tackled with a subtractive mind - set : thinking about what could have been taken away from the situation .
Expansive problems benefited most from an additive counterfactual mind - set : thinking about what could have been added to the situation .
2 . Two problems are better than one
People solve many problems analogically : by recalling a similar old one and applying the same , or similar solution .
Unfortunately studies have found that people are poor at recalling similar problems they ’ve already solved .
In a counter - intuitive study , however , Kurtz and Lowenstein ( 2007 ) found that having two problems rather than one made it more likely that participants would recall problems they ’d solved before , which helped them solve the current problem .
So do n’t avoid complications , gather them all up ; they may well help jog your memory .
3. Generic verbs
Another boost for analogical thinking can be had from writing down the problem , then changing the problem - specific verbs to more generic ones .
What Clement et al. ( 1994 ) discovered when they tested this method was that analogical leaps are easier when problems were described in looser , more generic terms .
In this study performance increased by more than 100 % in some tasks .
This is just one of a number of techniques which encourage focus on the gist of the problem rather than its specific details .
4. Synonyms and category taxonomies
Just like changing the verbs , re-encoding the problem using synonyms and category taxonomies can help .
This means analysing the type of problem and coming up with different ways of representing it .
Lowenstein ( 2009 ; PDF ) emphasises the importance of accessing the underlying structure of the problem in order to work out a solution .
5. Fight !
Fight !
Fight !
We tend to think that when people are arguing , they become more narrow - minded and rigid and consequently less creative .
But , according to research by Dreu and Nijstad ( 2008 ) , the reverse may actually be true .
Across four experiments they found that when in conflict people engaged more with a problem and generated more original ways of arguing .
Being in social conflict seems to give people an intense motivated focus .
So , to get creative , start a fight .
6 . Think love not sex
Forster et al. ( 2009 ) found that when experimental participants were primed with thoughts of love they became more creative , but when primed with carnal desire they became less creative ( although more analytical ) .
While it certainly is n’t the first time that love has been identified as a creative stimulus , psychologists have suggested a particular cognitive mechanism .
Love cues us with thoughts of the long - term , hence our minds zoom out and we reason more abstractly and analogically .
Sex meanwhile cues the present , leading to a concrete analytical processing style .
For creativity , abstraction and analogy are preferred .
7. Stop daydreaming
To increase creativity we ’re always hearing about the benefits of daydreaming for incubating ideas .
It ’s a nice idea that all the work is going on under the hood with no effort from us .
But you ’ll notice that all the methods covered here are active rather than passive .
That ’s because the research generally finds only very small benefits for periods of incubation or unconscious thought ( Zhong et al. , 2009 ) .
The problem with unconscious creativity is that it tends to remain unconscious , so we never find out about it , even if it exists .
The benefit of incubating or waiting may only be that it gives us time to forget all our initial bad ideas , to make way for better ones .
Moreover , incubating only works if the unconscious already has lots of information to incubate , in other words if you ’ve already done a lot of work on the problem .
So : stop daydreaming and start doing !
Move abroad and learn another language
If all that fails , including the 7 techniques from the previous article , then I ’ve got one radical , bonus suggestion : move to another country and learn another language .
Maddux and Galinsky ( 2009 ) found that people who had lived abroad performed better on a range of creative tasks .
In an experimental test of this idea , Maddux et al. ( 2010 ) asked participants to recall multicultural learning experiences and found that this made people more flexible in their thinking and better able to make creative connections .
This only worked when people had actually lived abroad , not when they just imagined it .
Image credits : Poportis & Erica Marshall
“ Propaganda is at its most effective when the audience does not know it is being manipulated and one of the best , glitziest examples of that is when propaganda is delivered on the big screen in the guise of a Hollywood blockbuster . ” –The Listening Post , 12 June 2010
Al Jazeera ’s The Listening Post had an excellent review and overview today of the nature and extent of militainment ( resources for this follow below ) .
In particular , The Listening Post described how various branches of the American armed services –the U.S. Army , Navy , Air Force , Marine Corps , Coast Guard–and the Department of Defense itself have each established a beach - head in Hollywood .
The Pentagon has liaison officers stationed in Los Angeles , precisely for the purpose of working with Hollywood , and indeed , one of these officers has since left and joined Al Jazeera , and is interviewed in this report .
In return for Pentagon consultants , and even actual troops performing stunts and carrying out action scenes in select films ( such as Blackhawk Down ) , as well as the provision of U.S. military equipment , Hollywood filmmakers submit their scripts to the Pentagon for review and approval .
The result is a “ slickly produced feature length advertisement ” for the U.S. military .
Where news media are concerned , the Listening Post provides a quick review of what has already been documented and established , concerning the practice under Rumsfeld ’s Pentagon of preparing retired generals to go out and serve as “ expert military analysts ” in order to talk up the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Entities such as NBC / CNBC / MSNBC are owned by GE , a major defense contractor .
Meanwhile , the video game industry , which exceeds Hollywood in profits , has been a major output of militarized culture , with some games meant to serve as intentional recruitment tools , while actual war itself is being rendered into a video game ( such as the flying of drone strikes ) .
Other examples of the wide reach of political - economic militarization throughout American culture was covered in this previous essay here : “ 100 percent ( Militarized ) American ” ( note the Pentagon Lt. Col. who then appeared to slam the essay in the comments section ) .
Interestingly , the Listening Post makes the comment , “ Ladies love a man in uniform , ” when referring to a Ukrainian military recruitment video–which brings to mind the Human Terrain System ’s own Montgomery McFate and her blog , titled precisely “ I Luv a Man in a Uniform ” now back online to serve the same propaganda functions of sexually idolizing military men .
As for the contract between the media and the military , with reference to HTS , we saw this again recently on this site , twice , in “ Video Propaganda : Human Terrain System on National Geographic , ” and in , “ Human Terrain System in Afghanistan . ”
Video Documentaries and News Reports on Militainment :
Al Jazeera , The Listening Post : The Military and the Media
Militainment , Inc : Full 2 - hour documentary
Vodpod videos no longer available .
more about “ Militainment “ , posted with vodpod
Operation Hollywood : on CBC’s The Passionate Eye ( full - length , 57 mins )
Vodpod videos no longer available .
Audio from ‘ America ’s Army ’ Blurs Virtual War , ‘ Militainment ’ , NPR , 02 March 2010
Books :
Militainment , Inc. : War , Media , and Popular Culture
By Roger Stahl
A century of media , a century of war
By Robin Andersen
Operation Hollywood : how the Pentagon shapes and censors the movies
By David L. Robb
I 've always been fascinated by the concept of risk - reward in public safety :
How much risk is acceptable in order to maintain efficiency and productivity ?
You 've seen it over and over .
At a certain intersection in a certain town , there 'll be an unfortunate accident .
A child is hit by a car .
So the public cries out , the town politicians band together , and the next thing you know , they 've spent $ 60,000 to install speed bumps , guardrails and a stoplight at that intersection - even if it was clearly a accident , say , a drunk driver , that had nothing to do with the design of the intersection .
I understand the concept ; people want to DO something to channel their grief .
But rationally , turning that single intersection into a teeming jungle of safety features , while doing nothing for all the other intersections in town , in the state , across the country , does n't make a lot of sense .
Today is about taking time out of your usual routine to speak out in favor of a DRM - free society .
We do not have to accept a future where our interactions with computers and published works are monitored and controlled by corporations or governments .
The most important thing is to spread the word about the Day Against DRM .
Share this page with your social network , and on news sharing sites and request that your friends do the same using our Sharing Page .
Now take these steps to create an action of your own :
1 , Add an action or a link to a blog you 've written about DRM at LibrePlanet Wiki or mail us a link at info@defectivebydesign.org See Action Ideas below for inspiration .
And put these banners / buttons on your website ( 1 , 2 ) 2 , Take a few minutes now to Digg , Dent , Reddit or otherwise share the actions listed on that page with your friends using the links provided .
LibrePlanet Wiki 3 , Come back regularly during the day to check out the latest additions and promote those actions too .
LibrePlanet Wiki
Action Ideas
If you blog :
On your blog , share your DRM horror story .
When did you first realize that DRM was a problem ?
What 's your worst experience with DRM ?
Write about a change you 've made ( or are about to make ) away from DRM - infested products .
Single out a DRM - infected product , service or company that promotes DRM and write the most damning , definitive critique you can .
Take your best shot at driving away their customers .
Put up a link on the LibrePlanet page and so that others can promote it further .
In the city ...
Apple is a pioneer in freedom - destroying DRM technologies , and the recent launch of the iPad makes it a particularly important target .
Head to your local Apple store and hand out our informational flyer .
Be creative , and document your work .
Apple Stores are a great place to explain the problem , but not everyone has an Apple store locally .
Your local electronics store , or your local Barnes and Noble ( they sell a DRM - infected ebook platform ) are also great targets .
On campus ...
Is your school considering the use of Kindles or DRM 'ed ebook platforms ?
Run a signature gathering campaign to protect the right to read .
Work with on campus groups ( a technology group , or a free - culture group ) to organize around any of the above ideas ( or ideas of your own ) to .
Whatever you do , be sure to document it well , and share it to your social network .
We 're maintaining a space for people to post their actions at the LibrePlanet Wiki
.
The inspiration – and model – for the paint ‘s structure comes from nature :
The scales of fast - swimming sharks have evolved in a manner that significantly diminishes drag , or their resistance to the flow of currents .
The challenge was to apply this knowledge to a paint that could withstand the extreme demands of aviation .
Temperature fluctuations of - 55 to +70 degrees Celsius ; intensive UV radiation and high speeds .
Yvonne Wilke , Dr. Volkmar Stenzel and Manfred Peschka of the Fraunhofer Institute for Manufacturing Engineering and Applied Materials Research IFAM in Bremen developed not only a paint that reduces aerodynamic drag , but also the associated manufacturing technology .
In recognition of their achievement , the team is awarded the 2010 Joseph von Fraunhofer Prize .
The paint involves of a sophisticated formulation .
An integral part of the recipe : the nanoparticles , which ensure that the paint withstands UV radiation , temperature change and mechanical loads , on an enduring basis .
„ Paint offers more advantages , " explains Dr. Volkmar Stenzel .
„ It is applied as the outermost coating on the plane , so that no other layer of material is required .
It adds no additional weight , and even when the airplane is stripped – about every five years , the paint has to be completely removed and reapplied – no additional costs are incurred .
In addition , it can be applied to complex three - dimensional surfaces without a problem . "
The next step was to clarify how the paint could be put to practical use on a production scale .
„ Our solution consisted of not applying the paint directly , but instead through a stencil , " says Manfred Peschka .
This gives the paint its sharkskin structure .
The unique challenge was to apply the fluid paint evenly in a thin layer on the stencil , and at the same time ensure that it can again be detached from the base even after UV radiation , which is required for hardening .
When applied to every airplane every year throughout the world , the paint could save a volume of 4.48 million tons of fuel .
This also applies to ships :
The team was able to reduce wall friction by more than five percent in a test with a ship construction testing facility .
Extrapolated over one year , that means a potential savings of 2,000 tons of fuel for a large container ship .
With this application , the algae or muscles that attach to the hull of a ship only complicate things further .
Researchers are working on two solutions for the problem .
Yvonne Wilke explains : „ One possibility exists in structuring the paint in such a way that fouling organisms cannot get a firm grasp and are simply washed away at high speeds , for example .
The second option aims at integrating an anti-fouling element – which is incompatible for nature . "
Irrespective of the fuel savings , there are even more interesting applications – for instance , with wind energy farms .
Here as well , air resistance has a negative effect on the rotor blades .
The new paint would improve the degree of efficiency of the systems – and thus the energy gain .
Image caption Mosquito nets are proving effective - where they are available
Climate change will have a tiny impact on malaria compared with our capacity to control the disease , a study finds .
Noting that malaria incidence fell over the last century , researchers calculate that control measures have at least 10 times more impact than climate factors .
Research leader Peter Gething from Oxford University described the climate link as an " unwelcome distraction " from the main issues of tackling malaria .
The paper , by scientists in the UK , US and Kenya , is published in Nature .
" We were looking to quantify something that perhaps we already knew with regard to the interaction of climate and malaria , " Dr Gething told BBC News .
" A lot of the studies proposing there would be a dramatic increase in a warmer world have been met with guarded criticism , and often what 's been said about them surpasses what the actual science indicates .
" So this redresses the balance a bit . "
Reducing misery
The starting points for the research are other projects that mapped the range and endemicity of malaria across the world in 1900 and in 2007 .
" Endemicity " is a measure of how far a disease penetrates through a population .
We have to bear in mind there are other factors that are moving much faster than climate change Dr Chris Drakeley , London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine
The last century saw deployment of anti-malarial drugs and a range of control measures , from marsh drainage to insecticides to bednets , across the tropical regions that are the disease 's hinterlands .
Over the 107 years spanning these two studies , these measures were highly effective in curbing malaria .
They reduced its impact across virtually all of its range , and eliminated it in huge swathes of Asia , North America and Europe .
Yet all this happened during a century when the Earth 's average temperature rose by abut 0.7C - raising the question of whether warmer temperatures and wetter conditions in some regions really would influence malaria transmission .
Plugging these figures into computer models of disease spread showed that control measures as deployed in the real world had an impact at least an order of magnitude greater than any climatic influence .
When deployed at optimum efficiency , they were about two orders of magnitude more influential .
" I 'd say what we 've shown is that if we can provide people with existing technologies such as drugs and bednets , we have the capacity as a global community to reduce the misery this disease causes , " said Dr Gething .
" Climate change is , in our view , an unwelcome distraction from the main issues . "
Uncertainty rains
Chris Drakeley , director of the Malaria Centre at the London School of Hygiene and Tropcial Medicine , suggested the group 's conclusions were broadly correct .
" I am slightly sceptical of the furore surrounding ( malaria and ) climate change in the sense that we have to bear in mind there are other factors that are moving much faster than climate change , " he said .
" I do n't doubt climate change is happening , but we have also seen an increase in the coverage of treatment , and in the last 20 years there has been a huge amount of information and education on malaria made available in Africa ; and that 's all changed much faster than the climate . "
Although individual studies and reports down the years have flagged up climate change as likely to increase the spread of malaria markedly , the 2007 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) report did not .
It concluded that although climatic change would alter the prospects for malaria , science could not yet predict where , when and how .
Climate change was very likely to " have mixed effects on malaria ; in some places the geographical range will contract , elsewhere the geographical range will expand and the transmission season may be changed , " it concluded .
While correlations had been observed between disease transmission and local climate changes in some regions , " there is still much uncertainty about the potential impact of climate change on malaria at local and global scales , " it said .
Unemployed Dutch women are being offered a $ 1,695 fashion and beauty makeover and free membership of a dating agency to get them off unemployment benefits by finding an employed husband .
Single job - seekers will be given a new hairstyle and outfit , and tips from a life coach on how to attract a new partner or a job .
They will also be given instruction in social and presentation skills and a place on the exclusive matchmaking service Mens & Relatie ( People and Relationships ) , boosted by a professional photograph of their new image .
Mens & Relatie claims a 75 percent success rate in finding long - term partners for its clients .
The thinking behind the scheme , organized by three councils in Friesland , in the north of the Netherlands , is that finding love helps to get the unemployed off state benefits by improving confidence , ambition and motivation .
Some local politicians , however , have criticized it as unethical and a waste of taxpayers ’ money .
“ This is a total concept of trying to get people out of social security , ” said Radboud Visser , the managing director of Mens & Relatie , which was hired by the three municipalities to find employed new partners for unemployed lonely hearts .
“ We know from national statistics that people in a relationship have better health , more happiness , make more money and live longer lives .
They make less use of medical systems and social security .
So in Friesland they thought , we can try to get people out of social security by bringing them to a nice new husband . ”
Mr. Visser said that the first candidate for the scheme had already enrolled .
It is available to men and women , but he said he expected most of his clients to be female .
“ Social security costs €650 a month and Friesland pays us around € 650 once — so when they are able to get someone out of social security , they have made their money back after just one month , ” he said .
Read more on this story from The Times of London .
SEOUL ( Reuters ) - South Korea announced on Sunday long - anticipated currency controls , saying it aimed to curb rapid shifts in capital flows that were linked to short - term foreign debt and posed a risk to the world ’s ninth - biggest exporter .
South Korean Vice Finance Minister Yim Jong - yong speaks to the media during a joint news conference with financial regulators and the central bank at the Integrated Government Complex in Gwacheon , near Seoul , June 13 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jo Yong - Hak
The authorities , alarmed by the won ’s sharp swings during recent market turbulence caused by Europe ’s debt problems , have been priming investors for weeks for action aimed at stabilizing its currency and cooling overseas borrowing .
The well - flagged new restrictions slap limits on banks ’ and other financial institutions ’ currency forwards , cross-currency swaps as well as non-deliverable currency forwards .
“ These measures are aimed at reducing the volatility in capital flows that poses a systemic risk in the country , ” South Korea ’s finance ministry , two financial regulators and the central bank said in a joint statement .
The new rules will cap domestic banks ’ and non-bank financial institutions ’ currency forwards and derivatives at 50 percent of their equity capital .
The cap for foreign bank branches was set at 250 percent of equity to account for their lower capital , which on average is just 1/30 of that held by domestic banks .
Officials brushed off suggestions that the regulations , which follow liquidity controls and curbs on companies ’ currency trades announced in November , could hurt investor confidence .
“ We will stick to a principle of an open market and liberalization of capital transactions .
That is a promise we have globally made .
We expect foreigners to invest more in the longer term thanks to reduced volatility , ” Deputy Finance Minister Yam Jong - yong told a news briefing .
Officials said the new rules were , in fact , a part of a worldwide effort to better regulate financial institutions to avoid a repeat of the global financial crisis that pushed the world ’s economy into its deepest recession since the 1930s .
LOPSIDED MARKET
Seoul also argues that Asia ’s fourth - largest economy has special reasons to act as it is more exposed to market gyrations than its peers because of its high short - term foreign debt .
The debt is equivalent to 60 percent of foreign reserves -- nearly twice the ratio in Indonesia or Malaysia -- and largely reflects an imbalance in the forward market caused by heavy dollar selling by shipbuilders and other big exporters .
This drives down the cost of obtaining dollars , encouraging financial markets players , both foreign and local to borrow dollars and use the proceeds to buy South Korean assets .
In addition , banks dealing with exporters borrow dollars to balance their positions , which additionally exposes South Korea to a sudden dollar squeeze , similar to that which followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008 .
Bankers said the authorities may succeed in somewhat curbing short - term dollar borrowing , but the controls may backfire when it comes to their ultimate goal -- limiting sharp market swings .
“ The measures may cause market volatility to rise further in the near term .
Doing arbitrage trade in South Korea will be unprofitable to foreign banks and they may move it out of South Korea , ” a head of a foreign bank branch in Seoul said .
Figures provided by authorities showed the new curbs , that have yet to be signed off by a presidential committee on regulatory reforms and are expected to come into force in October , would mainly affect foreign bank branches .
While average domestic banks ’ currency positions were at comfortable 15.6 percent of equity capital , the exposure of foreign bank branches stood at just above 300 percent .
Banks will have up to two years to comply fully with the new limits and Yam said that grace period could be even extended in some cases .
However , those who failed to meet agreed limits would be punished with reduced limits .
In another effort to calm markets , the authorities said they were ready to help if the new controls provoked excessive short - term market swings .
The won , pressured by talk of imminent controls , suffered four consecutive weekly losses , but ended Friday ’s trade slightly higher in a sign that markets have largely discounted the new regulations .
Traders had expected limited market reaction on Monday assuming banks would be given enough time to adjust to new rules .
In addition to curbs on currency trades for banks , the authorities tightened the limits on companies ’ currency derivatives trades announced in November , lowering the ceiling to 100 percent of the value of their physical foreign trade transactions from the initial 125 percent .
The central bank will also take steps next month to limit foreign - currency lending by banks to local companies by allowing such lending only to finance documented deals with foreign entities .
4 of 5
XM25 Counter Defilade Target Engagement System
Killing people who are hiding behind obstacles or inside buildings is a tough nut for an infantryman .
It means storming the position — almost always tactically stupid — or calling in support from mortars or aircraft .
In the time it takes to get this support , enemies can move to safety .
Also , mortars take several shots to be properly aimed , which means multiple shots before hitting a target .
No smart enemy sticks around to witness the finish of this triangulation .
The XM - 25 solves these problems by being a very precise grenade launcher .
The first step is to lift the boxy , 12.5 - pound weapon and aim a red laser dot at the target .
This is a rangefinder .
With the press of a button the user increases the range that he wants the 25 - mm explosive round to detonate .
Special Operations has already received the weapon ( for testing , not fielding ) ;
Army troops could receive it as early as 2013 .
I tried out the XM - 25 at Aberdeen .
My shot careened into the building and created a satisfying " ding " as the inert round struck metal .
I was happy , but the ballistic computer and the microchip in the round did all the work .
All I had to do was match the sight 's red crosshairs on the structure and pull the trigger .
The reciprocating barrel slides back to reduce recoil , but the XM - 25 kicks hard .
Good thing the weapon did the aiming for me .
Family Law & Divorce Attorneys Fairfield , California
Divorce Lawyers Serving Solano and Napa County , and Military Abroad
At the Family Law Offices of Susan E. Christiansen , we use our many years of experience to competently represent our clients ' interests in your family law matter .
We are full - service family law firm , representing clients in Solano County , Napa County , and military personnel throughout the world .
Our family law & divorce attorneys in Fairfield , California , have the experience and compassion to help you through your legal challenges to achieve the best possible outcome .
Attorney Susan E. Christiansen has been helping people like you since 1994 .
To schedule an initial consultation with our experienced Fairfield , California , Family Law & Divorce Lawyers , please fill out our online form or call ( 707 ) 427-6784 today .
We serve clients throughout Napa and Solano Counties , including the communities of Vallejo , Vacaville , Benicia , Dixon , and others in the Northern California Bay Area .
Divorce , Child Custody , and Military Family Law
Our practice encompasses :
Divorce , including child custody and visitation , child support , spousal support / maintenance / alimony , and property division , and protective orders
Post - divorce actions , including move - away and relocation custody , out - of - state child custody proceedings , modifications , and enforcement of existing orders
Guardianships
Step - parent adoptions
Paternity
Military family law
Military child custody
Divorce Mediation
Domestic violence / restraining orders :
We can help people suffering from domestic violence get the restraining order or other measure they need to protect themselves and their children .
Our lawyers do not defend people accused of domestic violence .
Domestic partnerships family law :
We can help people form domestic partnership agreements , or civil unions .
Our attorneys can also assist with partition actions that would allow couples in civil unions to divide property gained together .
Low cost divorce - document preparation and filing
Family Law - Compassion and Strength
Our family law attorneys , combine compassion for clients with strength in representing their interests .
They know when to fight and when to present a reasonable solution that will save you money and hassle .
Throughout Contra Costa and Solano county family courts , they are known for being " fair , firm and friendly . "
Schedule an Initial Consultation With Our Solano County Divorce Law Firm
To speak with a divorce lawyer regarding an issue of family law in Contra Costa , Napa County or Solano County , contact Family Law Attorney Susan E. Christiansen at ( 707 ) 427-6784 or fill out our online form today .
Our divorce law firm has the experience and caring dedication to help you through this difficult time .
Contact us today .
The Privacy Commissioner , Karen Curtis , has embarrassed Communications Minister Stephen Conroy by playing down the seriousness of Google 's Wi-Fi spying bungle .
Authorities all over the world are investigating Google , including the Australian privacy watchdog and Australian Federal Police , for sucking up 600 GB of “ payload data ” from unsecured wireless networks over several years while taking pictures for its Street View mapping service .
Senator Conroy described the move as deliberate and labeled it the “ single greatest breach in the history of privacy ” .
He also claimed personal banking details were hovered up by the search giant .
Curtis is still investigating the debacle but released some preliminary comments to this website .
Congress wrote a letter to Tony Hayward outlining its concerns that BP took shortcuts and undertook risky practices , in an attempt to keep costs down .
This letter was written in preparation for Tony Hayward 's testimony on Thursday of this week .
Below the fold is a scanned - in copy of that letter , excluding the footnotes .
The letter can be accessed at this link .
Because of interest in this subject , we are keeping this thread open , as well as the analysis of BP 's new plans shown in thread http://www.theoildrum.com/node/6603 .
Dear Mr. Hayward :
We are looking forward to your testimony before the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations on Thursday , June 17 , 2010 , about the causes of the blowout of the Macondo well and the ongoing oil spill disaster in the Gulf of Mexico .
As you prepare for this testimony , we want to share with you some of the results of the Committee 's investigation and advise you of issues you should be prepared to address .
The Committee 's investigation is raising serious questions about the decisions made by BP in the days and hours before the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon .
On April 15 , five days before the explosion , BP 's drilling engineer called Macondo a " nightmare well . "
In spite of the well 's difficulties , BP appears to have made multiple decisions for economic reasons that increased the danger of a catastrophic well failure .
In several instances , these decisions appear to violate industry guidelines and were made despite warnings from BP 's own personnel and its contractors .
In effect , it appears that BP repeatedly chose risky procedures in order to reduce costs and save time and made minimal efforts to contain the added risk .
At the time of the blowout , the Macondo well was significantly behind schedule .
This appears to have created pressure to take shortcuts to speed finishing the well .
In particular , the Committee is focusing on five crucial decisions made by BP : ( 1 ) the decision to use a well design with few barriers to gas flow ; ( 2 ) the failure to use a sufficient number of " centralizers " to prevent channeling during the cement process ; ( 3 ) the failure to run a cement bond log to evaluate the effectiveness of the cement job ; ( 4 ) the failure to circulate potentially gas - bearing drilling muds out of the well ; and ( 5 ) the failure to secure the wellhead with a lockdown sleeve before allowing pressure on the seal from below .
The common feature of these five decisions is that they posed a trade - off between cost and well safety .
Well Design .
On April 19 , one day before the blowout , BP installed the final section of steel tubing in the well .
BP had a choice of two primary options : it could lower a full string of " casing " from the top of the wellhead to the bottom of the well , or it could hang a " liner " from the lower end of the casing already in the well and install a " tieback " on top of the liner .
The liner - tieback option would have taken extra time and was more expensive , but it would have been safer because it provided more barriers to the flow of gas up the annular space surrounding these steel tubes .
A BP plan review prepared in mid-April reconunended against the full string of casing because it would create " an open annulus to the wellhead " and make the seal assembly at the wellhead the " only barrier " to gas flow if the cement job failed .
Despite this and other warnings , BP chose the more risky casing option , apparently because the liner option would have cost $ 7 to $ 10 million more and taken longer .
Centralizers .
When the final string of casing was installed , one key challenge was making sure the casing ran down the center of the well bore .
As the American Petroleum Institute 's recommended practices explain , if the casing is not centered , " it is difficult , if not impossible , to displace mud effectively from the narrow side of the annulus , " resulting in a failed cement job .
Halliburton , the contractor hired by BP to cement the well , warned BP that the well could have a " SEVERE gas flow problem " if BP lowered the final string of casing with only six centralizers instead of the 21 recommended by Halliburton .
BP rejected Halliburton 's advice to use additional centralizers .
In an e-mail on April 16 , a BP official involved in the decision explained : " it will take 10 hours to install them . ... I do not like this . "
Later that day , another official recognized the risks of proceeding with insufficient centralizers but commented : " who cares , it 's done , end of story , will probably be fine . "
Cement Bond Log. BP 's mid-April plan review predicted cement failure , stating " Cement simulations indicate it is unlikely to be a successful cement job due to formation breakdown . "
Despite this warning and Halliburton 's prediction of severe gas flow problems , BP did not run a 9 - to 12 - hour procedure called a cement bond log to assess the integrity of the cement seal .
BP had a crew from Schlumberger on the rig on the morning of April 20 for the purpose of running a cement bond log , but they departed after BP told them their services were not needed .
An independent expert consulted by the Committee called this decision " horribly negligent . "
Mud Circulation .
In exploratory operations like the Macondo well , wells are generally filled with weighted mud during the drilling process .
The American Petroleum Institute ( API ) recommends that oil companies fully circulate the drilling mud in the well from the bottom to the top before commencing the cementing process .
Circulating the mud in the Macondo well could have taken as long as 12 hours , but it would have allowed workers on the rig to test the mud for gas influxes , to safely remove any pockets of gas , and to eliminate debris and condition the mud so as to prevent contamination of the cement .
BP decided to forego this safety step and conduct only a partial circulation of the drilling mud before the cement job .
Lockdown Sleeve .
Because BP elected to use just a single string of casing , the Macondo well had just two barriers to gas flow up the annular space around the final string of casing : the cement at the bottom of the well and the seal at the wellhead on the sea floor .
The decision to use insufficient centralizers created a significant risk that the cement job would channel and fail , while the decision not to run a cement bond log denied BP the opportunity to assess the status of the cement job .
These decisions would appear to make it crucial to ensure the integrity of the seal assembly that was the remaining barrier against an influx of hydrocarbons .
Yet , BP did not deploy the casing hanger lockdown sleeve that would have prevented the seal from being blown out from below .
These five questionable decisions by BP are described in more detail below .
We ask that you come prepared on Thursday to address the concerns that these decisions raise about BP 's actions .
Background
BP started drilling the Macondo well on October 7 , 2009 , using the Marianas rig .
This rig was damaged in Hurricane Ida on November 9 , 2009 .
As a result , BP and the rig operator , Transocean , replaced the Marianas rig with the Deepwater Horizon .
Drilling with the Deepwater Horizon started on February 6 , 2010 .
The Deepwater Horizon rig was expensive .
Transocean charged BP approximately $ 500,000 per day to lease the rig , plus contractors ' fees . ]
BP targeted drilling the well to take 51 days and cost approximately $ 96 million .
The Deepwater Horizon was supposed to be drilling at a new location as early as March 8 , 2010 .
In fact , the Macondo well took considerably longer than plarmed to complete .
By April 20 , 2010 , the day of the blowout , the rig was 43 days late for its next drilling location , which may have cost BP as much as $ 21 million in leasing fees alone .
It also may have set the context for the series of decisions that BP made in the days and hours before the blowout .
Well Design
Deepwater wells are drilled in sections .
The basic process involves drilling through rock , installing and cementing casing to secure the well bore , and then drilling deeper and repeating the process .
On April 9 , 2010 , BP finished drilling the last section of the well .
The final section of the well bore extended to a depth of 18,360 feet below sea level , which was 1,192 feet below the casing that had previously been inserted into the well .
At this point , BP had to make an important well design decision : how to secure the final 1,192 feet of the well .
On June 3 , Halliburton 's Vice President of Cementing , Tommy Roth , briefed Committee staff about the two primary options available to BP .
One option involved hanging a steel tube called a " liner " from a liner hanger on the bottom of the casing already in the well and then inserting another steel liner tube called a " tieback " on top of the liner hanger .
The other option involved rurming a single string of steel casing from the seafloor all the way to the bottom of the well .
Mr. Roth informed the Committee that " Liner / Tieback Casing provides advantage over full string casing with redundant barriers to annular flow . "
In the case of a single string of casing , there are just two barriers to the flow of gas up the arullliar space that surrounds the casing : the cement at the bottom of the well and the seal at the wellhead .
Mr. Roth told the Committee that in contrast , " Liner / Tieback provides four barriers to annular flow . "
They are ( I ) the cement at the bottom of the well , ( 2 ) the hanger seal that attaches the liner to the existing casing in the well , ( 3 ) the cement that secures the tieback on top of the liner , and ( 4 ) the seal at the wellhead .
The liner - tieback option also takes more time to install , requiring several additional days to complete .
Internal BP documents indicate that BP was aware of the risks of the single casing approach .
An undated " Forward Plan Review " that appears to be from mid-April recommended against the single string of casing because of the risks .
According to this document , " Long string of casing ... was the primary option " but a " Liner ... is now the recommended option . "
The document gave four reasons against using a single string of casing , They were :
• " Cement simulations indicate it is unlikely to be a successful cement job due to formation breakdown , "
• " Unable to fulfill MMS regulations of 500 ' of cement above top HC zone , "
• " Open annulus to the wellhead , with " , seal assembly as only barrier . "
• " Potential need to verify with bond log , and perform remedial cement job (s ) . "
In contrast , according to the document , there were four advantages to the liner option :
• " Less issue with landing it shallow ( we can also ream it down ) , "
• " Liner hanger acts as second barrier for HC in arlllulus , "
• " Primary cement job has slightly higher chance for successful cement lift , "
• " Remedial cement job , if required , easier to justify to be left for later . "
Communications between employees ofBP confirm they were evaluating these approaches , On April 14 , Brian Morel , a BP Drilling Engineer , e-mailed a colleague , Richard Miller , about the options .
His e-mail notes : " this has been [ aJ nightmare well which has everyone all over the place . "
Despite the risks , BP chose to install the single string of casing instead of a liner and tieback , applying for an amended permit on April 15 .
The company 's application stated that the full casing string would start at 9 7/8 inches diameter at the top of the well and narrow to 7 inches diameter at the bottom .
This application was approved on the same day .
The decision to run a single string of casing appears to have been made to save time and reduce costs .
On March 25 , Mr. Morel e-mailed Allison Crane , the Materials Management Coordinator for BP's Gulf of Mexico Deepwater Exploration Unit , that the long casing string " saves a lot of time ... at least 3 days . "
On March 30 , he e-mailed Sarah Dobbs , the BP Completions Engineer , and Mark Hafle , another BP Drilling Engineer , that " [ n] ot running the tieback ... saves a good deal oftime / money . "
On April I5 , BP estimated that using a liner instead of the single string of casing " will add an additional $ 7 - $ 10 MM to the completion cost . "
The same document calls the single string of casing the " [ b ] est economic case and well integrity case for future completion operations . "
Around this time , BP prepared another undated version of its " Forward Plan Review . "
Notably , this version of the document reaches a different conclusion than the other version , calling the long string of casing " the primary option " and the liner " the contingency option . "
Like the other version of the plan review , this version acknowledges the risks of a single string of casing , but it now describes the option as the " Best economic case and well integrity case for future completion operations . "
Centralizers
Centralizers are attachments that go around the casing as it being lowered into the well to keep the casing in the center of the borehole .
If the well is not properly centered prior to the cementing process , there is increased risk that channels will form in the cement that allow gas to flow up the annular space around the casing .
API Recommended Practice 65 explains : " If casing is not centralized , it may lay near or against the borehole wall .
...
It is difficult , if not impossible , to displace mud effectively from the narrow side of the annulus if casing is poorly centralized .
This results in bypassed mud channels and inability to achieve zonal isolation . "
On April 15 , BP informed Halliburton 's Account Representative , Jesse Gagliano , that BP was planning to use six centralizers on the final casing string at the Macondo well .
Mr. Gagliano spent that day running a computer analysis of a number of cement design scenarios to determine how many centralizers would be necessary to prevent channeling .
With ten centralizers , the modeling resulted in a " MODERATE " gas flow problem .
Mr. Gagliano's modeling showed that it would require 21 centralizers to achieve only a " MINOR " gas flow problem .
Mr. Gagliano informed BP of these results and recommended the use of 21 centralizers .
After running a model with ten centralizers , Mr. Gagliano e-mailed Brian Morel , BP 's drilling engineer , and other BP officials , stating that the model " now shows the cement channeling " and that '' I 'm going to run a few scenarios to see if adding more centralizers will help us or not .
Twenty - five minutes later , Mr. Morel e-mailed back :
We have 6 centralizers , we can run them in a row , spread out , or any combination of the two .
It 's a vertical hole , so hopefully the pipe stays centralized due to gravity .
As far as changes , it 's too late to get any more product on the rig , our only option is to rearrange placement of these centralizers .
The following day , April 16 , the issue was elevated to John Guide , BP's Well Team Leader , by Gregory Walz , BP 's Drilling Engineering Team Leader .
Mr. Walz informed Mr. Guide : " We have located 15 Weatherford centralizers with stop collars ... in Houston and worked things out with the rig to be able to fly them out in the morning . "
The decision was made because " we need to honor the modeling to be consistent with our previous decisions to go with the long string . "
Mr. Walz explained : " I wanted to make sure that we did not have a repeat of the last Atlantis job with questionable centralizers going into the hole . "
Mr. Walz added : " I do not like or want to disrupt your operations .
... I know the planning has been lagging behind the operations and I have to turn that around . "
In his response , Mr. Guide raised objections to the use of the additional centralizers , writing : " it will take 10 hrs to install them .
... I do not like this and ... I [ am ] very concerned about using them . "
An e-mail from Brett Cocales , BP's Operations Drilling Engineer , indicates that Mr. Guide 's perspective prevailed .
On April 16 , he e-mailed Mr. Morel :
Even if the hole is perfectly straight , a straight piece of pipe even in tension will not seek the perfect center of the hole unless it has something to centralize it .
But , who cares , it 's done , end of story , will probably be fine and we ' ll get a good cement job .
I would rather have to squeeze than get stuck ....
So Guide is right on the risk / reward equation .
On April 17 , Mr. Gagliano , the Halliblllton account representative , was informed that BP had decided to use only six centralizers .
He then ran a model using seven centralizers and found this would likely produce channeling and a failure of the cement job .
His April 18 cementing design report states : " well is considered to have a SEVERE gas flow problem . "
Mr. Gagliano said that BP was aware of the risks and proceeded with knowledge that his report indicated the well would have a severe gas flow problem .
Mr. Gagliano's findings should not have been a surprise to BP .
As noted above , BP 's mid-April plan review found that if BP used a single string of casing , as BP had decided to do , " Cement simulations indicate it is unlikely to be a successful cement job . "
Nonetheless , BP ran the last casing with only six centralizers .
Cement Bond Log
A cement bond log is an acoustic test that is conducted by running a tool inside the casing after the cementing is completed .
The cement bond log determines whether the cement has bonded to the casing and surrounding formations .
If a channel that would allow gas flow is found , the casing can be perforated and additional cement injected into the annular space to repair the cement job .
Mr. Roth , the Halliburton Vice President of Cementing , informed the Committee staff that BP should have conducted a cement bond log .
According to Mr. Roth , " If the cement is to be relied upon as an effective barrier , the well owner must perform a cement evaluation as part of a comprehensive systems integrity test .
Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) regulations also appear to direct a cement bond log or equivalent test at the Macondo well .
According to the regulations , if there is an indication of an inadequate cement job , the oil company must " (1 ) Pressure test the casing shoe ; ( 2 ) Run a temperature survey ; ( 3 ) Run a cement bond log ; or ( 4 ) Use a combination of these techniques . "
In the case of the Macondo well , the Halliburton and internal BP warnings should have served as an indication of a potentially inadequate cement job .
On April 18 , BP flew a crew from Schlumberger to the rig .
As described in a Schlumberger timeline , " BP contracted with Schlumberger to be available to perform a cement bond log ... should BP request those services .
But at about 7:00 a.m. on the morning of April 20 , BP told the Schlumberger crew that their services would not be required for a cement bond log test .
As a result , the Schlumberger crew departed the Deepwater Horizon at approximately 11:15 a.m. on a regularly scheduled BP helicopter flight .
The Schlumberger crew was scheduled for departure before pressure testing of the well had been completed , indicating that the results of those tests were not a factor in BP 's decision to send the crew away without conducting a cement bond log .
BP 's decision not to conduct the cement bond log test may have been driven by concerns about expense and time .
The cement bond log would have cost the company over $ 128,000 to complete .
In comparison , the cost of canceling the service was just $ 10,000.45 Moreover , Mr. Roth of Halliburton estimated that conducting the test would have taken an additional 9 to 12 hours .
Remediating any problems found with the cementing job would have taken still more time .
The Committee staff asked an independent engineer with expertise in the analysis of well failure about BP 's decision not to conduct a cement bond log .
The engineer , Gordon Aaker , Jr. , P.E. , a Failure Analysis Consultant with the firm Engineering Services , LLP , said that it was " unheard of " not to perform a cement bond log on a well using a single casing approach , and he described BP 's decision not to conduct a cement bond log as " horribly negligent . "
Another independent expert consulted by the Committee , Jolm Martinez , P.E. , told the committee that " cement bond or cement evaluation logs should always be used on the production string . "
Mud Circulation
Another questionable decision by BP appears to have been the failure to circulate fully the drilling mud in the well before cementing .
This procedure , known as " bottoms up , " involves circulating drilling mud from the bottom of the well all the way to the surface .
Bottoms up has several purposes : it allows workers on the rig to test the mud for influxes of gas ; it permits a controlled release of gas pockets that may have entered the mud ; and it ensures the removal of well cuttings and other debris from the bottom of the well , preventing contamination of the cement .
API 's guidelines recommend a full bottoms up circulation between running the casing and beginning a cementing job .
The recommended practice states that " when the casing is on bottom and before cementing , circulating the drilling fluid will break its gel strength , decrease its viscosity and increase its mobility .
The drilling fluid should be conditioned until equilibrium is achieved ....
At a minimum , the hole should be conditioned for cementing by circulating 1.5 annular volumes or one casing volume , whichever is greater . "
BP 's April 15 operations plan called for a full bottoms up procedure to " circulate at least one ( I ) casing and drill pipe capacity , if hole conditions allow . "
Halliburton Account Representative Jesse Gagliano said it was also " Halliburton 's recommendation and best practice to at least circulate one bottoms up on the well before doing a cement job .
" According to Mr. Gagliano , a Halliburton engineer on the rig raised the bottoms up issue with BP .
Despite the BP operations plan and the Halliburton recommendation , BP did not fully circulate the mud , Instead , it chose a procedure " written on the rig " which Mr. Gagliano " did not get input in . " BP 's final procedure called for circulating just 261 barrels of mud , just a small fraction of the mud in the Macondo well .
Mr. Roth of Halliburton told the Committee that one reason for the decision not to circulate the mud could have been a desire for speed , as fully circulating the mud could have added as much as 12 hours to the operation .
Mr. Gagliano expressed a similar view , saying , " the well probably would not have handled too high of a rate , so it would take a little bit . . . longer than usual to circulate bottoms up in this case . "
Lockdown Sleeve
A final question relates to BP 's decision not to install a critical apparatus to lock the wellhead and the casing in the seal assembly at the seafloor .
When the casing is placed in the wellhead and cemented in place , it is held in place by gravity .
Under certain pressure conditions , however , the casing can become buoyant , rising up in the wellhead and potentially creating an opportunity for hydrocarbons to break through the wellhead seal and enter the riser to the surface .
To prevent this , a casing hanger lockdown sleeve is installed .
On June 8 , 2010 , Transocean briefed Committee staff on its investigation into the potential causes of the explosion on board the Deepwater Horizon .
In the presentation , Transocean listed the lack of a lockdown sleeve as one of its " areas of investigation . "
Slide seven of Transocean 's presentation asks : " Were Operator procedures appropriate ? "
A subpoint details : " Operator did not run lock down sleeve prior to negative test or displacement . "
Mr. Roth of Halliburton raised a similar concern in his June 3 briefing for Committee staff .
In BP 's planned procedure for the well , BP describes two options involving the lockdown sleeve .
BP was seeking permission from MMS to install the final cement plug on the well at a lower depth than previously approved .
If permission was granted , BP 's plan was to displace the drilling mud in the riser with seawater and install the cement plug prior to installation of the casing hanger lockdown sleeve .
BP 's alternative plan , if MMS did not approve the proposed depth of the final cement plug , was to run the lockdown sleeve first , before installing the cement plug at a shallower depth .
On April 16 , Brian Morel , BP 's drilling engineer , e-mailed BP staff that : " We are still waiting for approval of the departure to set our surface plug .
...
If we do not get this approved , the displacement plug will be completed shallower after running the LDS . "
The LDS stands for the lockdown sleeve .
Conclusion
The Committee 's investigation into the causes of the blowout and explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig is continuing .
As our investigation proceeds , our understanding of what happened and the mistakes that were made will undoubtedly evolve and change .
At this point in the investigation , however , the evidence before the Committee calls into question multiple decisions made by BP .
Time after time , it appears that BP made decisions that increased the risk of a blowout to save the company time or expense .
If this is what happened , BP 's carelessness and complacency have inflicted a heavy toll on the Gulf , its inhabitants , and the workers on the rig .
During your testimony before the Committee , you will be asked about the issues raised in this letter .
This will provide you an opportunity to respond to these concerns and clarify the record .
We appreciate your willingness to appear and your cooperation in the Committee 's investigation .
Sincerely ,
Henry A. Waxman
Chairman
Bart Stupak
Chairman
Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations
President Obama has summoned Gen. Stanley McChrystal to the White House to explain biting and unflattering remarks he made to a freelance writer .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Obama : Gen. showed ' poor judgment '
President Barack Obama declared Gen. Stanley McChrystal guilty of “ poor judgment ” Tuesday but said he wo n’t make a decision on the commander ’s fate until he talks with him first .
McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan , was summoned to Washington today for a face - to - face meeting with the president tomorrow – a meeting where he ’ll have to explain why he and his aides made disparaging remarks Vice President Joe Biden , special envoy Richard Holbrooke , ambassador Karl Eikenberry and others in the presence of a reporter for Rolling Stone .
Advertisement
“ Gen . McChrystal is on his way here , and I am going to meet with him .
Secretary Gates will meet with him as well , ” Obama said Tuesday evening .
“ I think it 's clear that the article in which he and his team appeared showed poor judgment , but I also want to talk to him directly before I make any final decisions . "
Asked earlier in the day whether McChrystal ’s job is on the line , White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said that “ everything is on the table . ”
McChrystal apologized for the article Tuesday morning .
“ It was a mistake reflecting poor judgment and should never have happened , ” McChrystal said .
“ Throughout my career , I have lived by the principles of personal honor and professional integrity .
What is reflected in this article falls far short of that standard .
I have enormous respect and admiration for President Obama and his national security team , and for the civilian leaders and troops fighting this war , and I remain committed to ensuring its successful outcome . ”
But the apology was n’t enough to counter a flood of criticism from Washington – including harsh words from Secretary of Defense Robert Gates .
" I read with concern the profile piece on Gen. Stanley McChrystal in the upcoming edition of ‘ Rolling Stone ’ magazine , " Gates said in a statement .
" I believe that Gen. McChrystal made a significant mistake and exercised poor judgment in this case .
We are fighting a war against al Qaeda and its extremist allies , who directly threaten the United States , Afghanistan , and our friends and allies around the world .
" Our troops and coalition partners are making extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our security , and our singular focus must be on supporting them and succeeding in Afghanistan without such distractions .
Gen. McChrystal has apologized to me and is similarly reaching out to others named in this article to apologize to them as well .
I have recalled Gen. McChrystal to Washington to discuss this in person . "
McChrystal has been instructed to fly from Kabul to Washington to attend Obama ’s regular monthly security team meeting tomorrow at the White House .
An administration official said McChrystal was asked to attend in person rather than by secure video teleconference to “ explain to the Pentagon and the commander in chief his quotes about his colleagues in the piece . ”
Both Gates and Adm. Mike Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , spoke with McChrystal about the Rolling Stone piece .
A spokesman for Mullen said Mullen had called McChyrstal to express “ his deep disappointment with the article and with the comments expressed therein . ”
McChrystal and his top aides appeared to let their guard down during a series of interviews and visits with Michael Hastings , a freelance writer for the magazine Rolling Stone .
The article , titled “ The Runaway General , ” appears in the magazine later this week .
It contains a number of jabs by McChrystal and his staff aimed not only at the president but also at Vice President Joe Biden , special envoy Richard Holbrooke , Karl Eikenberry , the ambassador to Afghanistan , and others .
McChrystal described his first meeting with Obama as disappointing and said that Obama was unprepared for the meeting .
National Security Adviser Jim Jones is described by a McChrystal aide as a “ clown ” stuck in 1985 .
Others aides joked about Biden ’s last name as sounding like “ Bite me . ”
House Appropriations Chairman David Obey ( D - Wis. ) called McChrystal the latest in a list of “ reckless , renegade generals who have n’t seemed to understand that their role is to implement policy , not design [ it ] . ”
And Ret. Army Gen. Barry McCaffrey declared on MSNBC ’s “ Andrea Mitchell Reports ” that McChrystal “ should go ” and is “ fatally impaired in his effectiveness . ”
“ Anyone who understands the challenges of supreme command , particularly in a war where the home front is as important as the battlefront , knows McChrystal has to go , ” American Enterprise Institute military expert Tom Donnelly told POLITICO .
But Donnelly said the White House has to share the blame for tensions with top Afghanistan military commander over what he argues is the still unresolved question whether the U.S. is committed to win in Afghanistan or is more committed to getting out .
“ A self - confident commander - in - chief would not tolerate this kind of loose lippery , ” Donnelly , a former House Armed Services Committee staffer , said .
“ All of this train wreck has been coming round the bend for a long time now , ” Donnelly continued .
“ And the fundamental problem is the indecision of the president . …
Is this White House committed to get out , or to win the war ?
I do n’t know the answer to the question . ”
“ McChrystal has to go .
Period , ” a former Bush - era NSC official said .
“ The situation is just like [ former Adm . ]
Fox Fallon , but this is the second time , ” he said , referring to the fact that McChrystal has been rebuked by the White House for giving a speech to a London think tank last fall during the administration Afghanistan - Pakistan strategy review in which he said the U.S. would lose the war if he did n’t get the extra troops he was requesting .
Some analysts who know McChrystal well argue that while the remarks are a problem , it would be a bigger one to lose him at such a critical time in the war .
“ He made a big mistake , but he is a fantastic general , and not only that but a modest man who is respectful of others , ” says Michael O’Hanlon , a senior fellow at Brookings .
“ That makes these comments even more uncharacteristic and unfortunate , " he said .
" We need him , and Ambassador Eikenberry , for this effort , and I am confident knowing both men well that they can put these issues behind them for the greater good . ”
McChrystal , an expert on counterterrorism and counterinsurgency , has long been considered uniquely qualified to lead in Afghanistan .
But he is not known for being media savvy .
His top civilian communications official , Duncan Boothby , resigned Tuesday , according to one official close to McChrystal .
Boothby is well known in Kabul and Washington and has a reputation for helping tell McChrystal ’s story and the story of the strategy in Afghanistan .
His aggressive outreach efforts were seen by many to be appropriate at a time when the public is either ambivalent or wary of the war .
Boothby worked for Adm. Greg Smith , a two - star , the highest public affairs officer ever in a war zone .
Smith accepted Boothby ’s resignation after reaction emerged to the article , according to the official .
The McChrystal controversy comes amid an intensified debate in Washington about the way ahead in Afghanistan .
Although the strategy of sending an additional 30,000 troops is not yet fully underway – all the troops are n’t on the ground yet – new questions have been raised about the effectiveness of Obama 's strategy .
Gates had begun to work to change the tone of the debate , saying in recent days that it will take a bit more time to determine if the strategy is working .
The former Bush NSC official said that “ possible replacements that will get thrown around include ” Marine Corps .
Gen. Jim Mattis , who was recently passed over to head the Marine Corps , Army Gen. Peter Chiarelli , outgoing top U.S. Iraq commander Gen. Ray Odierno , McChrystal ’s current deputy Lt. Gen. David Rodriguez , or Deputy Centcom commander Lt. Gen. David Allen .
“ When General McChrystal called me this morning , I emphasized that my concern is our policy in Afghanistan and what it will take to be successful there , ” Sen . John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) said Tuesday .
“ I respect General McChrystal as a soldier and always have . ”
“ It would be a grave mistake to allow this unfolding news drama to distract anyone from the mission at hand , ” Kerry continued .
“ Now is not the time for Washington to be sidetracked by chatter .
Everyone needs to take a deep breath and give the President and his national security team the space to decide what is in the best interest of our mission , and to have their face - to - face discussion tomorrow without a premature Washington feeding frenzy . ”
“ I am troubled by Gen. McChrystal ’s reported comments , which are inappropriate and also demonstrate an uncharacteristic lack of discipline on his part , ” Sen. Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , said in a statement .
“ However , it is very significant that , while the reported comments reflect personality differences , they do not reflect differences in policy on prosecuting the war .
Personality differences can negatively impact the successful implementation of policy , and that must be avoided .
Our troops and our nation surely deserve that . ”
“ Obama is in a difficult situation , ” a former senior Democratic official said .
“ If he does n’t do it [ fire McChrystal ] , this is a powerful signal within the military and within his own government and to Republicans and at large and to allies and to enemies .
And if he fires him , there will undoubtedly be criticism from some Republicans , but he has to assert that ‘ I am the commander in chief . ’
The person who should be handling this is Gates – and Gates has got to stand up . ”
Laura Rozen contributed to this report .
Song : " This Is My Lucky Day " performed by Judy Garland .
PS : The last scene is staged and part of a Chevy Malibu commercial .
Flixxy editors search the internet daily , to find the very best videos for you : SELECTION : From over 300,000 videos uploaded to YouTube daily , Flixxy editors select only 1‑3 videos to be added to the site daily .
PG RATING : Flixxy videos and comments are all PG rated .
They are " Safe For All Ages " and " Safe For Work " .
All content is “ uplifting ” .
SELECTED START AND END POINTS : Many of Flixxy ’s videos start late or end early .
We skip lengthy introductions and get to the point .
CONCISE CAPTION AND DESCRIPTION :
We know your time is valuable .
so we distill the information down to what you want to know .
Given all the palaver about “ Baby Boomer ” hordes about to descend upon the health care system , you might think that the rest of the U.S. population is shrinking .
That would be wrong – way wrong .
In fact , the overall growth of the population in this country presents real problems to a political - economic system with disappearing jobs , shrinking educational resources , diminished government services , and an increasingly polluted and wasted environment .
The demographic information presented in this post has come mostly from the U.S. Census Bureau .
One would be hard pressed to find a professional demographer who disagrees with it .
The graph at the bottom of this post displays U.S. population growth in millions ( Y axis ) for the years 1950 to 2050 ( X axis ) .
As you can see the population between 1950 and now , practically doubled – from 161 million to 312 million .
However , in the next 30 years , another 128 million people – roughly one and one - half Irans – will be added to the U.S. Only 48.3 million of this growth will be in the 65 + age category .
That leaves a population growth of nearly 80 million in the under 65 age category .
The “ Baby Boom ” child cohort peaked at 70 million in 1964 .
The under 18 population remained at about 70 million for a few years and then declined gradually until the mid-80s when it bottomed out at 64 million .
This was a “ dip ” but not a bust .
There was never a “ Baby Bust . ”
Neither was there an echo .
The child population began to grow again and reached 70 million again in the mid-90s and has never quit growing .
As the table immediately below indicates , there are now 75 million children in the U.S.
This will grow to 101 million by 2050 !
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THIS ?
2010 POPULATION 2050 POPULATION CHANGE : 2010 TO 2050 AGE CATEGORY POPULATION ( MILLIONS % OF TOT .
POP .
POPULATION ( MILLIONS ) % OF TOT .
POP .
GROWTH ( MILLIONS ) % GROWTH % OF TOTAL GROWTH 0 TO 18 75 24.5 101 23.0 26.3 35 20.4 18 TO 65 194 62.8 249 57.0 54.1 28 42.0 65 + 40 13.0 88 20.0 48.3 120 37.5 85 + 6 2.0 19 4.0 13.2 231 10.0 TOTAL 310 100.0 439 100.0 * 128.0 42
* The 85 + group is counted twice – as part of the 65 + category and broken out as a separate group .
It is easy to be misled by the difference between absolute growth and relative growth .
In relative terms , the 85 + group will grow by 231 % by2050 while the 0 to 18 population will grow by 35 % .
However , in absolute growth ( absolute numbers ) , the 85 + population will add 13.2 million while the 0 to 18 population will add 26.3 million .
Approximately 63 % of the population growth will come in the under 65 age categories .
I will leave the readers of this post with the following question : “ Why is the press , the government , and just about every other influential institution ignoring the unsustainable population growth thatwe are now experiencing ? ”
It is unsustainable in the current U.S. living and governing mode .
U.S. Population Growth – 1950 to 2050
39.017668 -95.205791
The wallpaper contest has ended and now I can announce that KDE SC 4.5 will have 12 shiny new wallpapers :
Autumn , Grass , Hanami and Stripes will be part of kdebase , while all the other wallpapers will go into kdeartwork .
Thanks to :
Traditional bifocals , which use two lenses of different strengths in front of each eye , have been used by people who are struggle to focus on both near and far objects ever since they were believed to have been invented by Benjamin Franklin , the American statesman , in the 1780s .
Scientists at Duke University Medical School and Mount Sinai School of Medicine have found a new role for a host protein that provides further insight into how CD8 +
T cells work to control HIV and other infections .
Study authors say the finding may yield new strategies for prevention or treatment .
The discovery , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , centers around the anti-HIV function of a tiny protein called prothymosin - alpha .
Previous studies from the group have shown that the protein can block HIV viral replication once HIV invades a cell , but until now , no one has understood exactly how that happened .
" But now we have a much clearer understanding of how this protein works , " said Mary Klotman , MD , chair of the department of medicine at Duke and the senior author of the paper .
The discovery of the antiviral activity of this protein is another piece of the long - standing quest to define the natural substances made by specific immune cells , in this case CD8 +
T cells , that have potent anti-HIV activity .
Klotman , along with Arevik Mosoian , PhD , and Avelino Teixeira , PhD , colleagues at Mount Sinai , conducted a series of laboratory tests and studies in mice and in human cells , and discovered that prothymosin - alpha binds to an important cell receptor called TLR4 , and stimulates these cells to produce interferon .
Interferons are part of the body 's innate immune system and are powerful , naturally - occurring proteins that can kill many types of pathogens , including bacteria , cancer cells and viruses , like HCV and HIV .
" We found this fascinating , " said Klotman .
" Usually , it takes an invading virus to trigger interferon production .
But here we have a case where the body 's own defense system - a host protein - is inducing it . "
" This is a perfect example of two arms of the immune system working together .
A protein produced by CD8 + cells of the adaptive immune system is exerting potent viral - suppressive activity through a mechanism thought to be reserved for cells of the innate immune system , " said Mosoian .
Klotman , Mosoian and Teixeira performed their experiments in macrophages , special immune cells that are one of the first lines of defense against viruses and infectious microbes , and also among the key targets HIV invades .
" Macrophages are also important because we think they also function as a safe haven for HIV ; protective spaces where HIV can hide and bide its time .
It 's good to know we 've identified a pathway that we might be able to exploit to sabotage this function , " said Klotman .
Mosoian says that figuring out how prothymosin - alpha stimulates production of interferon could reveal novel pathways for protection and treatment of viral infections .
" But much more work needs to be done .
The structure of the protein invites interaction with other proteins that could potentially affect its current function . "
Published by Sierra Monica P. on March 9 , 2010 under Decor
The bathroom is the most special room of many because it ’s the only place in your home where no one is allowed to disturb you .
Besides this is a great place for relaxing after a hard day .
Imagine yourself in the bathtub , surrounded by red roses and petals , having as light source only the subtle glow of tiny candles .
Using these Rose Bath Buds you get both a color therapy and an aroma therapy because they smell similar to real roses .
Each transparent box contains 9 deep red rose buds which are actually soap petals that dissolve in the water .
You can get them from Iwantoneofthose.com for £ 4.99 , or about $ 7.5 , per box .
Tags : bathroom , soap
Image caption Images of oil - covered birds are fuelling public anger in the US
The US government has given BP 72 hours to present its latest plans to clean up the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
BP says its containment effort is going well , but there are signs of mistrust between the company and the government .
The US justice department is mulling legal action to make sure BP has enough funds to cover the damage and compensate those affected by the slick .
That could mean shareholders are not paid dividends , which would infuriate investors and hit pension funds .
Amid growing public anger in the US , President Barack Obama will make his fourth visit to the region on Monday .
Growing distrust
The Obama administration is applying steadily more pressure on the BP , which claims it will have almost completely contained the ruptured oil well by the early part of next week .
We urge you to halt your planned dividend ... until you have done the hard work of capping the well , cleaning up the Gulf Coast and making whole those whose livelihoods are threatened US lawmakers , Letter to BP
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , the man in charge of the clean up operation , has given the company three days to present its latest plans for cleaning up the Gulf .
He also wrote to BP on Tuesday demanding " more detail and openness " about how the company was managing claims for compensation payments to individuals and businesses in the region .
Meanwhile , 33 US
House lawmakers sent a letter to BP chief executive Tony Hayward , urging the company not to spend money on a dividend and an advertising campaign to improve BP 's image .
" We urge you to halt your planned dividend payout and cancel your advertising campaign until you have done the hard work of capping the well , cleaning up the Gulf Coast and making whole those whose very livelihoods are threatened by this catastrophe , " the letter said .
Oil has been leaking into the Gulf of Mexico since the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and sank off the coast of the US state of Louisiana , killing 11 workers .
Oil plumes
Some beaches in Florida are for the first time displaying warning signs telling holiday makers not to swim in the sea here , the BBC's Andy Gallacher reports from the Florida panhandle .
A containment cap placed on the blown - out well last week is now helping to contain some of the leaking oil .
Adm Allen said in a press conference on Wednesday that the operation was catching up to 630,000 gallons ( 2,800,000 litres ) daily .
BP 's chief executiveis due to appear before Congress for the first time next week .
The British energy firm 's shares fell 3.4 % on Wednesday over worries that the company will have to suspend its dividend payments because of the disaster .
Meanwhile , tests have shown that underwater oil plumes have travelled at least 64 km ( 40 miles ) from the leaking well , the US government says .
I think this was my favorite moment from the John Stossel drug war show last week .
The exchange between an audience questioner and former ONDCP official and narcotics officer Paul Chabot comes at the 2:55 mark .
37/41 cameos missing pictures for EASY VIRTUE , SABOTEUR , ROPE and UNDER CAPRICORN .
Click here for a text list of all the cameos .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
THE LODGER ( 1926 )
At a desk in a newsroom .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
BLACKMAIL ( 1929 )
Being bothered by a small boy as he reads a book in the subway .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
MURDER ( 1930 )
Walking past the house where the murder was committed , about an hour into the movie .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
THE 39 STEPS ( 1935 )
Tossing some litter while Robert Donat and Lucie Mannheim run from the theater , seven minutes into the movie .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
YOUNG AND INNOCENT ( 1938 )
Outside the courthouse , holding a camera .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
THE LADY VANISHES ( 1938 )
Very near the end of the movie , in Victoria Station , wearing a black coat and smoking a cigarette .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
REBECCA ( 1940 )
Walking near the phone booth in the final part of the film just after George Sanders makes a call .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT
( 1940 )
Early in the movie , after Joel McCrea leaves his hotel , wearing a coat and hat and reading a newspaper .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
MR. AND MRS .
SMITH ( 1941 )
Midway through , passing Robert Montgomery in front of his building .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
SUSPICION ( 1941 )
Mailing a letter at the village postbox about 45 minutes in .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
SHADOW OF A DOUBT ( 1943 )
On the train to Santa Rosa , playing cards .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
LIFEBOAT ( 1944 )
In the " before " and " after " pictures in the newspaper ad for Reduco Obesity Slayer .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
SPELLBOUND ( 1945 ) : Coming out of an elevator at the Empire Hotel , carrying a violin case and smoking a cigarette .
Criterion Collection DVD
Chapter 9 at 43:07 - - - - - - - - - - - -
NOTORIOUS ( 1946 )
At a big party in Claude Rains 's mansion , drinking champagne and then quickly departing , an hour after the film begins .
Criterion Collection DVD - Chapter 18 " The Party " at 01:04:39 - - - - - - - - - - - -
THE PARADINE CASE ( 1947 )
Leaving the train and Cumberland Station , carrying a cello .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
STAGE FRIGHT ( 1950 )
Turning to look at Jane Wyman in her disguise as Marlene Dietrich 's maid .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
STRANGERS ON A TRAIN ( 1951 )
Boarding a train with a double bass fiddle as Farley Granger gets off in his hometown , early in the film .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
I CONFESS ( 1953 )
Crossing the top of a staircase after the opening credits .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
DIAL M FOR MURDER ( 1954 )
On the left side of the class - reunion photo , thirteen minutes into the film .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
REAR WINDOW ( 1954 )
Winding the clock in the songwriter 's apartment , a half hour into the movie .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
TO CATCH A THIEF ( 1955 )
Ten minutes in , sitting to the left of Cary Grant on a bus .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
THE TROUBLE WITH HARRY ( 1955 )
Walking past the parked limousine of an old man who is looking at paintings , twenty minutes into the film .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
THE MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH ( 1956 )
Watching acrobats in the Moroccan marketplace ( his back to the camera ) just before the murder .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
VERTIGO ( 1958 )
In a gray suit walking in the street , eleven minutes in .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
NORTH BY NORTHWEST ( 1959 )
Missing a bus during the opening credits .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
PSYCHO ( 1960 )
Four minutes in , through Janet Leigh 's window as she returns to her office .
He is wearing a cowboy hat .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
THE BIRDS ( 1963 )
Leaving the pet shop with two white terriers as Tippi Hedren enters .
Universal DVD - at 00:02:18 - - - - - - - - - - - -
MARNIE ( 1964 )
Entering from the left of the hotel corridor after Tippi Hedren passes by , five minutes in .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
TORN CURTAIN ( 1966 )
Early in the film , sitting in the Hotel d'Angleterre lobby with a blond baby .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
TOPAZ ( 1969 )
Being pushed in a wheelchair in an airport , half an hour in .
Hitchcock gets up from the chair , shakes hands with a man , and walks off to the right .
- - - - - - - - - - - -
FRENZY ( 1972 )
In the center of a crowd , wearing a bowler hat , three minutes into the film ; he is the only one not applauding the speaker .
FAMILY PLOT ( 1976 )
In silhouette through the door of the Registrar of Births and Deaths , 41 minutes into the movie .
Company Profile Company Profile : Aditya calibration is situated in the heart of India at Delhi and is a pioneer leader in the calibration field and has set up a World Class Standars Laboratory which is equipped with the most sophisticated equipments .
We at Aditya Calibration service are catering to the calibration requirement of the industry in the field of profile projectors , dimensional metrology , pressure electrical & electronics .
We are having a team of experienced technical personnel for the calibration industry to carry out your calibration requirements .
All our master equipment is calibrated by NPL , RTC , ERTL or BY NABL accredited laboratories traceable to national standards .
We offer complete linkage in unbroken chains of comparisons for the equipment calibrated .
Aim :
The Aditya calibration Services has been started with the aim to cater the calibration requirements of the industry at a very affordable prices and quality services .
In the current scenarion of the market financial conditions the Aditya Calibration lab will be able to cater to most of the units applying for ISI / ISO or any other organization .
Facilities Offered :
We do most of the calibration at our controlled temperature laboratory .
However for few equipments which are difficult to move , we offer site calibration facilities also .
We also provide the services of Profile Projectors , microscopes and also mechanical instrument ( Dial Gauge , Vernier Caliper , Height Gauge , Puppy Dial , Micrometer , and also auges ) etc. Quality Policy :
Aditya Calibration Services provide reliable calibration services to our customers in line with national practice while maintaining a high level of quality in all aspects of Laboratory functioning .
Mr. Ranjeet Singh Choudhary
( Head Calibration Lab )
RELATED :
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
A military strike against Iran would be " incredibly destabilizing " to the region said the US chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen .
He believes Iran will continue to pursue nuclear weapons , even if sanctions against the country are increased .
Speaking Monday at the Aspen Security Forum , Mullen said it would be " incredibly dangerous " for Iran to achieve nuclear weapons , and that there 's " no reason to trust " Iran 's assurances that it is only pursuing a peaceful nuclear program , especially after the discovery of a secret nuclear facility near the holy city of Qom .
The admiral was responding to questions about whether he shared the assessment of CIA Director Leon Panetta , who said on Sunday that Iran likely has enough nuclear material to make two weapons , but is at least a year away from being able to carry that out .
The UN Security Council approved new sanctions against Iran earlier this month .
Congress and the European Union followed with additional measures aimed at discouraging Iran from continuing its uranium enrichment program , which they fear could be used to produce a nuclear weapon .
Mullen said there was no reason to expect Iran to conform to international norms , given its past behavior , but he declined to describe what measures the US was considering .
He has often said that all options remain on the table .
He explained that the hardest part about trying to decide what to do about Iran is how much the US does not know about the country 's nuclear progress .
When asked whether he thought Israel would give the United States time to see whether tougher sanctions or talks would produce more cooperation from Iran , he would only say that he believes the US and Israel are " in sync " with their current policies .
Read this blog post for more information .
Click the Chip In button to donate .
Such a dilemma would have been unthinkable here a decade ago , when the Netherlands was as renowned for the dull , consensual predictability of its politics , as for its profusion of canals .
But the 2002 assassination of Mr. Fortuyn by an animal rights activist convulsed the country .
Two years later , after making a documentary fiercely critical of Islam , Theo Van Gogh , was also killed in broad daylight .
Dick Houtman , a professor of political sociology at Erasmus University in Rotterdam , said that Mr. Wilders had built on Mr. Fortuyn ’s legacy , successfully avoiding the overtly racist language of far - right politicians in other countries by highlighting issues like freedom of speech , female equality and gay rights .
“ That serves to exclude Muslims from the Dutch political consensus , ” he said .
His rise filled the void left by the erosion of traditional party allegiances , which often bound voters by religious affiliation rather than class , Professor Houtman said .
“ It ’s a massive change to the Dutch political landscape and I do n’t think it will go away quickly , ” he added .
Even in a campaign dominated by the economy , the populist right managed to claim a one - sixth of the parliamentary seats .
Political opponents like Henk Nijhof , president of the GroenLinks party , concede that it can now normally expect to claim 20 to 25 seats in Parliament .
“ I am a bit ashamed of what is happening in my country , ” he added as he sipped a beer to celebrate his party ’s results .
Most of the big , traditional , parties were , by contrast , rebuffed by a disgruntled and divided electorate .
So splintered is political support that the construction of a coherent and durable coalition will be an uphill task for the leader of the Liberals , Mark Rutte .
Against a difficult economic background Dutch voters appeared to accept the need for austerity advocated to varying degrees by the different parties .
Alfred Neubauer
The original team boss , Neubauer quite literally invented the position of team principal .
After serving in the First World War he fulfilled his dream of becoming a test and race driver for Austro - Daimler , working under the legendary Ferdinand Porsche .
It soon became clear that his driving talents were limited and at that point he appointed himself as the Rennleiter [ racing team manager ] .
It proved to be an inspired career choice as Mercedes , which merged with Dailmler in 1926 , went on to become the powerhouse of grand prix racing in the 1930s and again in the 1950s under his orders .
He was instantly recognisable in the pits with his spherical gut and trilby hat , but respected by one and all .
He treated his drivers in a firm but controlled manner and created a system of boards and flags to communicate with them out on track .
He came up with almost every trick in the book and brought a level of professionalism to the sport that changed the face of motor racing forever .
Enzo Ferrari
The most evocative name on the list , Ferrari founded the most successful Formula One team ever .
Often compared to a mafia - style Don , il Commendatore - as he was known - had a cold and ruthless managing style that built up an almost mystical aura about him .
His love was usually reserved for his cars over his drivers and the emphasis was always on the engine first and the chassis later .
However , he rewarded bravery in his drivers and certain names , such as Gilles Villeneuve , earned a special place in his heart .
Despite selling a large part of his company to FIAT in the 1960s he remained involved in his team right up until his death in 1988 and lived in a house within the grounds of the factory and the team 's test track .
Flavio Briatore
One of the most controversial characters to step foot in the F1 paddock , Briatore personifies the very best and worst elements of the sport .
Unlike the others on this list he had no burning desire to be a part of F1 before he was appointed a team manager , but precisely because of that he was never too emotionally involved and proved to be a highly analytical and successful manager at Benetton , which later became Renault .
Despite overseeing four titles and providing a launch pad for two of the best drivers of the past 20 years [ Michael Schumacher and Fernando Alonso ] , he will always be remembered for his part in the Crashgate scandal , for which he was initially slapped with a life - time ban by the FIA .
But Briatore is no stranger to controversy - prior to his involvement in F1 he was convicted of fraud and fled to the Virgin Islands - and could well return to the sport after his ban lapses in 2013 .
Bernie Ecclestone
His career started from humble beginnings by selling motorbike parts between shifts at his local gasworks .
But it was n't long before Ecclestone 's entrepreneurial spirit started to reap serious financial rewards and he used the proceeds of his burgeoning motorbike and carsales business to buy a couple of Connaught F1 cars .
His real success , however , came in the 1970s when he bought Brabham and took it to two drivers ' titles with Nelson Piquet in the 1980s .
He paid $ 120,000 for the team but sold it off in 1987 for over $ 5 million .
During that time he increased his presence in the sport through the Formula One Constructors '
Association and was instrumental in organising and selling TV rights , a venture that put him in the position he holds in today .
Ron Dennis
Dennis is a complete and utter perfectionist , to the point that he has often been considered a control freak .
However , it is his obsessive nature that has made McLaren the second most successful team in F1 history , and still a championship contender today .
In an environment where tenths of a seconds can be the difference between winning and losing , Dennis ' attention to detail and extremely high expectations of his employees has seen McLaren win 7 constructors ' championships and 10 drivers ' titles under his management .
Colin Chapman celebrates victory in 1978 © Sutton Images Enlarge
Possibly the most innovative team boss on the list , Chapman and Team Lotus were constantly pushing the rules to the absolute limit to find an advantage .
On occasions , such as when Lotus perfected the use of ground effect aerodynamics on the Type 79 , the results were dramatic and his genius made teams such as Ferrari look backwards .
He was a real trendsetter but at times pushed the limits with his cars and breakages were often a concern for his drivers .
Nevertheless , his approach netted Lotus seven constructors ' championships while he was team boss .
Jean Todt
The ultimate man manager , Todt is a true delegator who brought together one of the most formidable teams ever seen in F1 .
He made his name with Peugeot in rallying and sports car racing , but the French firm 's reluctance to enter Formula
One saw him snapped up by Ferrari 's new president Luca di Montezemolo in 1993 to put an end to the team 's longstanding losing streak .
In 1996 Todt secured the services of two - time champion Michael Schumacher from Benetton , who was followed by Ross Brawn ( strategist ) and Rory Byrne ( designer ) .
As the team gelled around this core it became an unstoppable force , with Schumacher winning five titles in a row between 2000 and 2004 .
However , Todt 's commitment to Ferrari could be to the detriment of the sport , and when he ordered Rubens Barrichello to concede victory at the 2002 Austrian Grand Prix to Michael Schumacher many thought he had gone too far .
The hope now is that he will bring all the positive aspects of his leadership to his role as FIA president .
Lord Hesketh
A true eccentric , who , rather ironically given his own family lineage and place in society , took on the F1 establishment and won .
The third Baron Hesketh used his family fortune to go racing and set up a Formula 3 team in 1972 with the main objective of having as much fun as possible .
Within a year he stumbled across a promising young English driver called James Hunt , who was fast but known for crashing .
At the start of 1973 Hesketh bought Hunt an F2 car that was almost immediately written off at the Pau Grand Prix .
Assuming that , at this rate , the cost of competing in F1 was n't going to be hugely more expensive , Hesketh decided to join the top flight .
The fervently patriotic team continued with its mantra of fun , holding parties at which Hunt soon cemented his reputation as the sport 's ultimate playboy .
Baulking at the convention of sponsorship , Hesketh poured more and more money into the project , recruiting the services of Harvey Postlethwaite to design the 1974 car .
Soon enough the team started challenging for podium positions and in 1975 took victory at the Dutch Grand Prix , beating the Ferrari of Niki Lauda .
Hesketh had rocked the F1 world , but by this time Hunt had outgrown the team and landed a contract with McLaren for 1976 .
Just three years after it had begun , the dream was over for Hesketh and running low on funds , he decided to call it a day .
The team raced on with sponsorship until 1978 but never reached the heights of 1975 again .
Sir Frank Williams
The longest serving boss in the paddock , Williams has taken his team from absolutely nothing to world champions and occupied every position on the grid in between .
He first entered an F1 car in 1969 and after a relative lack of success with Frank Williams Racing Cars and Walter Wolf racing , in 1977 he set up the Williams F1 team we know today .
By 1980 he had won the championship but his glory days were in the 1990s when his team won five constructors ' titles and dominated the sport in 1992 , 1993 , 1996 and 1997 .
Raymond Mays
He raced cars for three decades but it was in a managerial role at the pre-war English Racing Automobiles ( ERA ) and post - war British Racing Motors ( BRM ) that he really made his mark .
In an era of continental domination , Mays was desperate for British success but all too often suffered from a lack of funding .
Before the war he spearheaded ERA , whose cars were first raced as a works team and then sold to customers to race on as privateers .
The BRM project , started in 1945 , became a national preoccupation but sadly it lurched from crisis to crisis .
In 1950 the car finally appeared at the British Grand Prix - albeit briefly as its ludicrously complicated V16 engine self destructed .
All summer the hype around the BRM grew , but on the its second outing in August it managed to move a foot before stopping .
An angry crowd pelted it with coins .
Despite a few appearances in 1951 , Mays was replaced the following year .
He was a colourful character .
The press at the time often referred to him being " immaculately dressed " and " elegant " .
The reality was he liked to wear eye - liner while driving , and it was widely rumoured Peter Berthon was more than just his business partner .
Far earlier than just about anyone else , Karp recognized that many of New York ’s late - Victorian stone and terra - cotta facade ornaments — keystones , plaques , and friezes , even those that embellished tenements and rowhouses — were artworks in their own right .
Spurred to action by their wholesale destruction at a time of galloping development , Karp spent several years scooping up the forsaken fragments by himself , before joining forces with a few friends whom he led on clandestine raids of demolition sites .
In homage to the immigrant artisans who had created the unsigned ornaments , Karp named the group the Anonymous Arts Recovery Society .
“ I was a rubble rouser , ” Karp says .
Armed with crowbars and the occasional hand winch , the group rescued some 1,500 artifacts from around the city .
When the scavengers ’ backyards became overcrowded with the mythological creatures and deities and grotesques they had saved , Karp approached the director of the Brooklyn Museum , Thomas Buechner , who agreed to let the group store the sculptures behind the museum .
Karp and his friends soon dropped off some 400 fragments .
About a quarter of the objects were destroyed by the elements in those early years .
Then , in 1966 , the museum built the Frieda Schiff Warburg Memorial Sculpture Garden to display roughly 200 pieces of stone carving , terra cotta , and ironwork .
It grew , supplemented over the decades by Karp and other donors , and became the public centerpiece of the only major repository of the late - Victorian and Beaux Arts architectural ornaments that had once enlivened the city in such startling numbers and variety .
The treasures included a roaring zinc lion from the El Dorado carousel in Coney Island and a languorous allegorical figure of Night , carved of granite , from the iconic Pennsylvania Station complex designed by McKim , Mead & White .
I asked Buechner recently why he had thought the ornaments were worthy of a permanent exhibition .
“ It ’s like asking me why I think Rembrandt is a good painter , ” he replied .
Today , huddled together in a kind of fenced refugee camp behind the Brooklyn Museum parking lot , most of them on rotting wooden pallets , rest scores of Gotham ’s most exotic and least appreciated residents .
Griffins and sea monsters , gods and kings , most of the inmates of this forlorn encampment spend their days and nights with their weathered faces turned to the heavens .
When it rains , water pools in the vulnerable sandstone eye sockets of some and nourishes the green biological growth that clings to others .
In winter , water freezes in the bowl - like terra - cotta medallions , imprisoning in yokes of ice the heads of women and animals that protrude from them .
It ’s a pretty shabby habitat for creatures once displayed so proudly .
Ten years ago , the Brooklyn Museum dismantled the sculpture garden during a reconstruction of its rear entrance .
And although a reinstallation in 2004 resulted in a far sparser garden of 62 fine artifacts , 275 relics of New York ’s lost streetscape still languish in limbo behind the parking lot of the financially struggling institution .
But as they enter the second decade of what Karp bemoans as “ perilous and baleful banishment , ” many may finally be on the move .
Over the past few years , the museum has quietly begun deaccessioning — the genteel art - world euphemism for “ getting rid of ” — large numbers of its city artifacts .
In 2006 , it transferred some 1,500 terra-cotta pieces , originally from a 19th - century Romanesque - style Brooklyn church , to a foundation in St. Louis .
In 2008 , the same group took possession of about 200 limestone fragments from the 1910 Gothic Revival facade of a West 57th Street townhouse .
And in January , four circa - 1920 cast - iron lawn jockeys , manufactured for the 21 Club , were auctioned off at Sotheby ’s Important Americana sale .
Such transfers are just the beginning of the museum ’s broader effort to dramatically shrink its collection of city architectural ornament .
Without notifying Karp , curators have been planning to sell more than a third of the remaining collection through a Harlem salvage dealer .
A study confirms Pakistan intelligence is pulling the strings of the primary resistance networks in Afghanistan as an internal Pentagon document states it could be the “ Saudi Arabia of lithium ” , as a geological survey ‘ conservatively ’ estimates over $ 908bn in untapped resources .
Mineral deposits untapped in Afghanistan could be valued at more than $ 908bn , Pentagon officials and American geologists have “ discovered ” , James Risen reported late last night at The New York Times ( NYT ) .
The country current GDP is “ only about ” $ 12bn .
A recent study [ .pdf ] by the London School of Economics ( L.S.E. ) found what we ’ve been writing since this blog began : that the spy agency of Pakistan , Inter - Services Intelligence ( I.S.I. ) , is funding , granting safe haven to and aiding the organizational methods of Afghan militants .
The study added it “ supports the Taliban insurgency as a matter of official policy to contain the influence in Afghanistan of its rival India ” , Carlotta Gall reported at the NYT .
That I.S.I. officials are deathly afraid of an Afghan government puppeteered by the one in India — the most likely result of the U.S. - led International Security Assistance Forces withdrawal .
‘ Saudi Arabia of lithium ’
U.S. “ officials ” , he reported , “ believe ” Afghanistan “ could eventually be transformed into one of the most important mining centers in the world ” .
Among the “ previously unknown deposits ” are “ huge veins ” of :
iron
copper
niobium
cobalt
His report highlighted the wealth of lithium , acknowledged in an internal War Department memo , as he added :
An internal Pentagon memo , for example , states that Afghanistan could become the “ Saudi Arabia of lithium , ” a key raw material in the manufacture of batteries for laptops and BlackBerrys . [ … ]
So far , the biggest mineral deposits discovered are of iron and copper , and the quantities are large enough to make Afghanistan a major world producer of both , United States officials said .
Other finds include large deposits of niobium , a soft metal used in producing superconducting steel , rare earth elements and large gold deposits in Pashtun areas of southern Afghanistan .
Just this month , American geologists working with the Pentagon team have been conducting ground surveys on dry salt lakes in western Afghanistan where they believe there are large deposits of lithium .
Pentagon officials said that their initial analysis at one location in Ghazni Province showed the potential for lithium deposits as large of those of Bolivia , which now has the world ’s largest known lithium reserves .
The 2007 geological survey has reported been shelved , Mr. Risen reports , but inspired by the early findings of the Soviets that geologists found — apparently , by providence — years after the 2001 Bush Administration invasion because Afghan geologists were hoarding the data during the civil war that followed the Soviet withdrawal and Taliban rule :
In 2004 , American geologists , sent to Afghanistan as part of a broader reconstruction effort , stumbled across an intriguing series of old charts and data at the library of the Afghan Geological Survey in Kabul that hinted at major mineral deposits in the country .
They soon learned that the data had been collected by Soviet mining experts during the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan in the 1980s , but cast aside when the Soviets withdrew in 1989 .
During the chaos of the 1990s , when Afghanistan was mired in civil war and later ruled by the Taliban , a small group of Afghan geologists protected the charts by taking them home , and returned them to the Geological Survey ’s library only after the American invasion and the ouster of the Taliban in 2001 .
“ There were maps , but the development did not take place , because you had 30 to 35 years of war , ” said Ahmad Hujabre , an Afghan engineer who worked for the Ministry of Mines in the 1970s .
Armed with the old Russian charts , the United States Geological Survey began a series of aerial surveys of Afghanistan ’s mineral resources in 2006 , using advanced gravity and magnetic measuring equipment attached to an old Navy Orion P - 3 aircraft that flew over about 70 percent of the country .
The data from those flights was so promising that in 2007 , the geologists returned for an even more sophisticated study , using an old British bomber equipped with instruments that offered a three - dimensional profile of mineral deposits below the earth ’s surface .
It was the most comprehensive geologic survey of Afghanistan ever conducted .
There is nothing new about this discovery , Katie Drummond highlighted today at Wired .
The significance is that it ’s a discovery to the non-governing people of Afghanistan and I intend to stress the acceleration of geopolitical moves to be made by governments in the region .
Animportant note to this is made by Joe Weisenthal at The Business Insider : “ Finally , the $ 1 trillion number : what does it mean ?
Nowhere is that really quantified or explained ?
Are we talking $ 1 trillion over the next century ?
20 years ?
No idea . ”
A military spokesperson , on the other hand , says the value reported by Mr. Risen is a low - ball estimate , Tony Capaccio reported today at Bloomberg ( via Business Week ) :
That estimate , made in December , “ is probably conservative ” because the U.S. Geological Survey says as much as two - thirds of Afghanistan ’s natural resources are yet to be identified , spokesman Marine Corps Major Shawn Turner said .
No idea , yes , but there are governments and multinationals who can afford to use the ambiguity ; to hoard land on the cheap — most likely with long - term contracts — and reap very safe rewards as long as foreign military presence gives them the ‘ Iraq oil treatment ‘ .
To compare , the most optimistic scenario for oil production in Iraq yields the potential for $ 60bn in contracting over the next six years and the official ‘ withdrawal plan ’ of the Obama Administration leaves 30 - to 50,000 troops to occupy there .
People can foolishly downplay this at will , but with the long - term potential of nearly a trillion dollars on top of , what former U.K. Ambassador to Uzbekistan Crag Murray recently said was the “ vital ” objective to the prolonged occupation of Afghanistan , extending natural gas pipelines out of Central Asia .
There is no withdrawal plan outlined for Afghanistan , though the Administration .
The number of ISAF troops already surpasses that in Iraq and weeks ago , ISAF commander General Stanley McChrystal “ openly called for a rethink of President Obama ’s July 2011 ‘ handover ’ timetable , meaningless though that already was , adding that the war would continue ‘ way beyond July 2011 ’ “ , Jason Ditz wrote at AntiWar News .
Cui bono ?
Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his government were “ recently briefed ” by “ American officials ” , he added :
While it could take many years to develop a mining industry , the potential is so great that officials and executives in the industry believe it could attract heavy investment even before mines are profitable [ . ] [… ]
The corruption that is already rampant in the Karzai government could also be amplified by the new wealth , particularly if a handful of well - connected oligarchs , some with personal ties to the president , gain control of the resources .
Just last year , Afghanistan ’s minister of mines was accused by American officials of accepting a $ 30 million bribe to award China the rights to develop its copper mine .
The minister has since been replaced .
More importantly , the recently publicized underground wealth in the hands of the Afghan government — of which its corruption is so widely known — and the U.S. - led foreign occupying force will , with no doubt , light a fire of resistance that could prolong the occupation for many decades .
Former Paul Wolfowitz - led World Bank advisers were used to write the national mining law :
Instead of bringing peace , the newfound mineral wealth could lead the Taliban to battle even more fiercely to regain control of the country . [… ]
Endless fights could erupt between the central government in Kabul and provincial and tribal leaders in mineral - rich districts .
Afghanistan has a national mining law , written with the help of advisers from the World Bank , but it has never faced a serious challenge . [… ]
The mineral deposits are scattered throughout the country , including in the southern and eastern regions along the border with Pakistan that have had some of the most intense combat in the American - led war against the Taliban insurgency .
Officials “ fear ” that “ China wants more ” , Mr. Risen reported .
To which , Reuters added :
The report about the country ’s untapped wealth is likely to intensify competition among regional players such as China , India and even Russia for a greater role in exploiting those resources .
Two Chinese firms have committed themselves to a $ 4 billion investment in the vast Aynak copper mine , south of Kabul , the biggest non-military foreign investment so far in the country .
Another big contract to mine an estimated 1.8 billion tons of high - quality iron ore in the remote mountainous region of Hajigak is expected to open for international bidding this year .
Firms from India and China are eyeing the contract , which the Afghan mines ministry says is the largest unmined iron deposit in Asia .
Beijing and Delhi have the best relations they ’ve had to date , forming an economic alliance with Russia and Brazil — BRIC — to increase independence from the U.S. dollar hegemony .
I.S.I. fueling militant resistance
The L.S.E. study found the I.S.I. “ continues to arm and train the Taliban and is even represented on the group ’s leadership council despite U.S. pressure to sever ties and billions in aid to combat the militants ” , Sebastian Abbot reported yesterday at the AP , as “ U.S. officials have suggested in the past ” .
The BBC added the ‘ common - knowledge ’ history of this Machiavellian alliance and the conflict with the U.S. backing of the Pak ‘ civilian government ’ :
Pakistan has long been accused of using the Taliban to further its foreign policy interests in the country .
The I.S.I. first became involved in funding and training militants in Afghanistan after the Soviet invasion in 1979 .
Since 2001 , however , it has been a key U.S. ally , receiving billions of dollars in aid in return for helping fight al - Qaeda .
“ Pakistan appears to be playing a double - game of astonishing magnitude , ” the report says , ignoring that I.S.I. is about as autonomous from the Pakistan People ’s Party - led ‘ civilian government ’ .
The report found not links between the I.S.I. and the Tehrik - i- Taliban Pakistan nor the Gulbuddin Hekmatyar ’s Hizb - e - Islami , which both perform violent operations on the Pak side of the border ; but with the Quetta Shura network , which ruled Afghanistan until the 2001 invasion , and the Haqqani Network , which is understood to be based in Pak , but aims “ to prevent militants from being distracted from the fight in Afghanistan ” , as Brian Fishman wrote at Foreign Policy blog “ The AfPak Channel ” .
The Quetta Shura bloc is said to be the central threat to the government in Kabul and “ I.S.I. operatives sit in on meetings of the Taliban leadership council ” , Ms. Gall wrote .
Mr. Abbot added :
Pakistani support is channeled toward both the Afghan Taliban led by Mullah Mohammad Omar , who is believed to be based in the Pakistani city of Quetta , and the Haqqani network , which is allied with the Taliban but operates fairly independently , said the report .
The Haqqani network is based in the North Waziristan tribal area along Pakistan ’s border with Afghanistan .
Pakistan ’s spy agency has considerable control over both groups and even has agents on the Taliban ’s leadership council , which is known as the Quetta shura , said the report .
Brad Thor and The Jawa Report reported in May the Quetta Shura leader was in Pak custody , according to intelligence sources in Afghanistan and Pak , and the U.S. State and War Departments had full knowledge of this .
To which , Josh Rogin at his Foreign Policy ( FP ) blog , “ The Cable ” , wrote they were “ totally off the mark ” .
I responded that both claims are half - truths :
I would n’t be surprised if his sources confirmed U.S. knowledge of Mr. Omar being held by the I.S.I. and misinterpreted this to mean the Pak president or prime minister have knowledge of this .
Frankly , there is no reason to believe the ‘ civilian ’ government of Pak has any clue what happens just about anywhere in that agency .
The L.S.E. reports strengthens my conclusion .
‘ Sino - Pak - US - Indo ’ proxy war
Barring a BRIC resolution or intense Sino - Indian deal , China could back I.S.I. strengthening of Afghan resistance .
As much as China would like to deal with the Indians to mine in Afghanistan and an interest in the isolation of Pak , I.S.I. and the U.S. hold the balls in play .
The wealth of resources in Afghanistan changes the turf as an asset ; remember that China is not a militant international government , but a pure vulture - state .
It preys on war - torn nation - states in complete shambles with bribes to controlling established governments and those internationally isolated — as in its oil dealings with sanctioned Iran and nuclear dealings with Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty non-signatory Pak .
With the U.S. debt — mostly held by China — to eclipse its GDP by 2015 , the War Department wo n’t hand over Afghanistan without a serious fight .
A fight China will directly avoid .
Neutrality is n’t in the picture , but indirect support for Pak results with the heightened U.S. militant influence in Afghanistan that Beijing and Delhi would prefer ends as soon as possible .
More important , it produces Sino - Indo friction , but the isolation of Pak to the points of escalating internal violence will cripple Islamabad ’s ability to do business with Beijing .
A more realistic possibility is a Russo - Sino - brokered Indo - Pak peace deal ( most likely with Brazil , Turkey and / or Japan playing key roles ) , which would transform the region in a way the new world disorder has never seen — although it could transform Kashmir into the West Bank .
Iran ’s relatively good relations with all of these nation - states could become an X - factor that removes Tehran from isolation , putting the NATO nation - states in a position where it becomes in the European governments ’ better interests to isolate the U.S .
The sell to Western opposition to the war , prolonged occupation and further cooperating with another government fiercely hated by the population of the Islamic nation - state it governs is that “ providing the possibility of jobs that could distract from generations of war ” , Mr. Risen reported .
At the same time , the U.S. War Department wo n’t keep its hands off of the strings :
International accounting firms that have expertise in mining contracts have been hired to consult with the Afghan Ministry of Mines , and technical data is being prepared to turn over to multinational mining companies and other potential foreign investors .
The Pentagon is helping Afghan officials arrange to start seeking bids on mineral rights by next fall , officials said .
If prolonged occupation seemed like speculation before , shit just got real .
EDIT : Professor Stephen
Walt hit crucial points at his FP blog :
As Jack Snyder noted in his book Myths of Empire , the “ El Dorado ” myth is a common justification for imperial expansion .
Great powers often convince themselves they have to control some far - flung area because it is supposedly rich with gold , diamonds , oil , etc. , and that physical control is essentially to preserving access to them .
In most cases , however , the cost of trying to control these areas is n’t worth the resources they contain , and it usually is n’t necessary anyway .
Gulf
Oil used to pump oil from Marxist Angola , and those pesky Iranians would be happy to sell us oil and gas and give us fat development contracts for their petroleum industry if only we were willing to do business with them .
We do n’t need to control Afghanistan in order to gain access to whatever minerals do exist , because whoever is in charge is going to have to sell them to someone and wo n’t be able to prevent them from being sold to us ( even if indirectly ) if we want to buy ( that ’s how markets work ) .
And if we want to make sure that U.S. companies have the opportunity to compete for the opportunity to mine these resources some day , it might be a good idea if we did n’t spend the next decade blundering around and angering the local population .
The first paragraph I quoted is spot -on and the second is a point that I hope is stressed in this post , but Prof .
Walt has the players wrong .
The U.S. has not the positioning to usurp the resources without military might enforcing is gatekeeper status — as the U.S. government ’s wealth is non-existent and getting redder by the minute .
China holding the power over this redness makes a U.S. withdrawal a de facto handover to India and China of Afghanistan .
A Sino -Indo - puppeteered Kabul removes U.S. - based multinationals ’ privilege of externalizes costs on the people governed under Washington ; it ’s the BRIC - owned and - backed corporations which will usurp this wealth potential .
This will be the draw for Europe - based multinationals to isolate Washington .
EDIT2 : John Cook at the Yahoo ! “ Newsroom ” blog phoned Mr. Risen after his article had received some criticism .
I have an immense amount of respect for Mr. Risen and greatly admire and value his work .
Frankly , I thought his article was great , but he saw that framing his article as “ a Pentagon plant , designed to show the American public a shiny metallic light at the end of the long tunnel that is the Afghan war ” , as Mr. Cook summed up the criticism , as insulting .
He did apologize to Mr. Cook , but I was pretty shocked at the belligerence .
And though rich mineral deposits untapped in Afghanistan is not new discussion , to say that his article was n’t newsworthy and of an adequate level of integrity crosses the line of legitimate scrutiny .
That said , I hated the word “ discovered ” in the lede and quoted it pejoratively , if you did n’t notice .
Mr. Cook notes , in response to Mr. Risen ’s boobishness :
Risen defended the article against claims that Afghanistan ’s mineral wealth was largely a matter of public knowledge prior to his story .
“ If it was n’t news , then why did n’t anybody write about it ? ” he asked .
In fact , McClatchy Newspapers reported last year that “ the region is thought to hold some of the world ’s last major untapped deposits of iron , copper , gold , uranium , precious gems and other raw materials . ”
In February , Agence France Presse quoted Afghan president Hamid Karzai , citing a U.S. Geological Survey study , claiming that his country had $ 1 trillion in mineral assets .
Just last month , Karzai repeated the claim at a U.S. Institute of Peace event , saying the value was between $ 1 trillion and $ 3 trillion .
What Mr. Risen responded was newsworthy was the process of the task force ’s discovering details .
I can buy this to an extent .
What I found more newsworthy was the details being planted when it did , but this is n’t Mr. Risen ’s fault .
He got some good details and put together an informative article to use as a good primary source on which to build to discover more .
Read Mr. Cook ’s post here .
It is a worthy read .
Femtocells sound vaguely like a cross between a Feynman diagram and a biology class , but they 're the latest piece of gear that millions of people will soon want in their homes without having missed them before .
A femtocell is a small cellular base station designed to provide superior , short - range , indoor cellular coverage in a home or office .
The idea behind femtocells is simple : the hardware tries to capture the ease of setup of a Wi -Fi network while allowing seamless connectivity for existing cell phones .
Woojune Kim , the vice president of technology at Airvana , a mobile broadband and femtocell equipment maker , explained the thinking behind femtocells .
" Can you take the economics of the last 10 to 20 years , where we 're able to make very small wireless transmitters like Wi -Fi base stations — can you make cellular base stations small enough and at that price point so that each of us can have our personal base station ? "
The answer , after years of trying , is yes .
The compact base stations are a cheap way for mobile carriers to improve coverage , while remaining relatively inexpensive for consumers to get service outside a ground floor , in rural areas , or in places in which their carriers have fallen down in meeting their needs .
( Yes , we 're looking at you , AT&T , at least for now . )
Femtocells have been " coming next year " for at least four years , but after successful introductions in 2008 and 2009 in tests and initial rollouts , 2010 will be the first year for mass adoption .
Analysts expect hundreds of thousands of units to be in place this year , with tens of millions sold each year by 2013 or 2014 worldwide .
Three US cellular operators have an in - home base station strategy in place since an AT&T announcement in March .
Sprint was first in 2008 , followed by Verizon in 2009 , and then , nearly a year later , AT&T .
( T - Mobile chose a different tack than femtocells , which it recently discontinued for new customers after four years in operation . )
The reason for the femtocell delay to market was twofold : 1 ) cost , and 2 ) the message it sent to the market .
Until last year , femtocells could cost $ 400 to $ 500 at retail ; improvements in technologies combined with large orders have pushed retail pricing as low as $ 100 to $ 150 , with carriers reportedly paying as little as $ 50 per unit with extremely large commitments .
The messaging side was equally important : a femtocell told a carrier 's customers that the operator could n't give them a good signal in the home .
The rise in popularity of 3G smartphones among average users , starting with the iPhone but now far beyond it , has led to people being dissatisfied with in - home coverage , whether or not they blame the carrier for it .
Rob Riordan , an executive vice president at the Midwest cellular operator and local exchange carrier Cellcom , said that the femtocell message could be interpreted as " I offer you crappy service , and why do n't you buy this box from me , and pay me more money . "
Cellcom will shortly start offering femtocells to businesses with a different proposition behind it .
Femtocells carry the same fundamental technology used in " macrocells , " the large base stations deployed on towers and rooftops , but femtos are designed to fit in a package appropriate for a home .
AT&T 's notorious San Francisco and New York 3G undercoverage provoked some unsurprisingly angry responses from residents who saw the company 's femtocell as a way to get customers to pay to improve AT&T 's network .
See this New York Times article , with the provocative title , " Bringing You a Signal You ’re Already Paying For , " for instance .
But not everyone feels that way .
The industry believes that in the first stage , there 's a huge worldwide audience for people who are in the right circumstances : living where coverage is n't expected ( either by region , topology , home building materials , or other factors ) , or is n't available ( rural or out of territory ) .
In such cases , a carrier becomes a white knight by having a cheap way to put their network in your home , even if it 's at your expense .
" Nobody actually expects their cell phone to work in the basement , or in the elevator , or in any of those other unusual circumstances , " said Picochip 's Gothard .
The next stage for carriers with broadband offerings or partnerships will be far cheaper femtos built into equipment that they already provide , such as set - top boxes and modems .
When the femto comes built - in , you wo n't feel line - item sticker shock .
The Case for Femtocells
Femtocells carry the same fundamental technology used in " macrocells , " the large base stations deployed on towers and rooftops , but femtos are designed to fit in a package appropriate for a home .
There are also microcells , used to build smaller cells in cities , and picocells , typically installed to improve coverage in office buildings , campuses , malls , and airports .
The larger siblings to femtocells pump out lots of power and cover relatively large areas , from a building to square miles .
That works well for outdoor usage , but a macrocell is wasteful overkill to get a signal into a house or office .
Simon Saunders , the chairman of the industry group The Femto Forum , said , " The users that have the most marginal coverage actually occupy the biggest part of those [ macro ] networks . "
He noted that with every user moved to a femtocell , the network regains the bandwidth equivalent of 10 outdoor users .
Because carriers have a finite amount of expensive spectrum licenses , the motivation is to have the greatest reuse of spectrum by having small cells .
Small cells are n't affordable , however , so the contravening business logic is to have the largest cell size possible to cover people inside and outside with the dropped calls , low data rates , and related problems .
That 's why the home problem can be intractable .
In many parts of the developed world and in some developing countries , homes are made of thick building materials , like stone , or modern materials , like the plaster - covered chicken wire that 's prevalent in warm , dry US climates .
Stone blocks signals and chicken wire turns a house into a kind of Faraday Cage that prevents signals from entering or leaving .
Andy Gothard , director of corporate marketing at wireless chipmaker Picocell , described using a macro to push service into homes near his in Bath , England , as " trying to fill a cup by firing a fire hose through the window , " the window being the only signal - permeable part of the home .
In researching residential metro-scale Wi-Fi network failures a couple of years ago , I came across Rio Rancho , New Mexico , where a provider from Michigan had n't counted on the plaster - and - wire construction of Southwest homes .
( The firm has since switched to WiMax and a different business model . )
Femtocells were , in part , an attempt to find an alternative to picocells , which were the smallest previous option .
Picocells have all the requirements of a full macrocell , including special backhaul provisioning , air - conditioning , power feeds , and so on .
Femtocells , in contrast , approach the wireless bandwidth problem from the bottom up , trying to provide a better experience than installing a Wi -Fi router , and only needing a few minutes to power up , establish a location lock and network communications , and be available for use .
Airvana 's Kim said that a femtocell can't be as perfect as a picocell , which is virtually indistinguishable from a macrocell , but that current femtocells are close enough to make no difference to most users .
Interference can be an issue between larger base stations and femtocells , with some clever work required to make sure that , for instance , someone placing a call inside a house that connects to a macrocell -— if the number is n't whitelisted , as noted below — does n't interfere with or receive interference from another caller connected to the home base station .
Phones attached to a femtocell burn far less power , too , possibly less than a comparable Wi-Fi connection , because the signal is strong and close .
Cell phones tend to run down when they have to use higher power levels to punch through interference or reach distant cell base stations .
Napolitano acknowledged that increased security would mean sacrificing individual liberties in some instances , but said those disruptions can be minimized .
" We can significantly advance security without having a deleterious impact on individual rights in most instances , " Napolitano said .
" At the same time , there are situations where trade - offs are inevitable . "
One example she cited was the use of full - body scanners at airports , which some privacy advocates have deemed invasive .
Napolitano said the Transportation Security Agency has mitigated the risks to travelers ' privacy by banning operators from saving scans or taking pictures of them to preserve them for later .
Stewart Baker , former Department of Homeland Security Assistant Secretary for policy under President Bush , told the Associated Press that Napolitano 's comments show the Obama administration has matured in its understanding of how to best combat terrorism .
" Her speech is sign of the maturing of the administration on this issue , " Baker said .
" They now appreciate the risks and the trade - offs much more clearly than when they first arrived , and to their credit , they 've adjusted their preconceptions . "
KABUL , Afghanistan —
The effort to win over Afghans on former Taliban turf in Marja has put American and NATO commanders in the unusual position of arguing against opium eradication , pitting them against some Afghan officials who are pushing to destroy the harvest .
From Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal on down , the military ’s position is clear : “ U.S. forces no longer eradicate , ” as one NATO official put it .
Opium is the main livelihood of 60 to 70 percent of the farmers in Marja , which was seized from Taliban rebels in a major offensive last month .
American Marines occupying the area are under orders to leave the farmers ’ fields alone .
“ Marja is a special case right now , ” said Cmdr. Jeffrey Eggers , a member of the general ’s Strategic Advisory Group , his top advisory body .
“ We do n’t trample the livelihood of those we ’re trying to win over . ”
United Nations drug officials agree with the Americans , though they acknowledge the conundrum .
Pictures of NATO and other allied soldiers “ walking next to the opium fields wo n’t go well with domestic audiences , but the approach of postponing eradicating in this particular case is a sensible one , ” said Jean - Luc Lemahieu , who is in charge of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime here .
It ’s the “ Year of the Priest . ”
I hope the Catholic church starts spending more time cleaning house , and less time and resources attacking the LGBT community from now on .
VATICAN CITY —
Thousands of priests from around the world have massed in Rome in one of the largest such gatherings ever in a major show of support for Pope Benedict XVI amid the clerical abuse scandal .
Benedict is expected to address them Thursday evening in an eagerly anticipated vigil service in St. Peter ’s Square .
It ’s not know whether Benedict will refer to the crisis , but his No. 2 told the prelates Wednesday that the scandal had pained and damaged the church and shown the need for a spiritual rebirth .
An estimated 9,000 priests are in Rome to celebrate the end of the church ’s year of the priest — a year that has been marred by revelations of hundreds of new cases of clerical abuse and Vatican inaction to stop it .
The Catholic church should cancel the year of the priest and have a “ Year of the Raped Child , ” instead .
Then I would believe they are serious about showing their remorse for the consequences of repressing human sexuality to the point their “ celibate ” priests act out by raping children .
Remember , celibacy for priests all started simply because the church did n’t want to have to diminish their worldly material possessions by children of priests claiming their inheritance from the church .
If you are like most avid readers , you may already be familiar with our collection of Great Illustrated Classics .
You may have grown up reading our books many years ago .
For over 25 years , Waldman Publishing has published this treasury of 66 classic titles , a collection of books beautifully illustrated and adapted for young readers .
Boys and girls of all ages can find classic titles such as Sherlock Holmes , Black Beauty , The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn , and Jane Eyre , to name just a few in our series .
For the first time , you can now buy the entire collection here online .
Ageless and timeless , the stories in the Great Illustrated Classics ( published under our Baronet Books imprint ) have been designed with illustrations on every other page .
( Some refer to them as graphic novels . )
Our books are used by grade school teachers , school librarians , and parents to encourage skill development in boys and girls at various reading levels .
Recently , our treasury of illustrated classics has gained adoption in the homeschooling community .
Homeschool teachers find our collection versatile , enjoyable , and easily integrated with tutorials and reading exercises .
The reading level and lexile of each title in our series can be found in the " About This Book " section of each title you click on .
At Waldman , we are committed to providing the quality that readers have come to expect and trust .
Please enjoy your experience of our Web site and sign up for our emails about special offers available on our titles .
As I write at 5 pm on Monday , May 31 , all day has passed since the early morning reports of the Israeli commando attack on the unarmed ships carrying humanitarian aid to Gaza , and there has been no response from President Obama except to say that he needed to learn " all the facts about this morning 's tragic events " and that Israeli prime minister Netanyahu had canceled his plans to meet with him at the White House .
Thus has Obama made America complicit once again in Israel 's barbaric war crimes .
Just as the US Congress voted to deep - six Judge Goldstone 's report on Israel 's war crimes committed in Israel 's January 2009 invasion of Gaza , Obama has deep - sixed Israel 's latest act of barbarism by pretending that he does n't know what has happened .
No one in the world will believe that Israel attacked ships in international waters carrying Israeli citizens , a Nobel Laureate , elected politicians , and noted humanitarians bringing medicines and building materials to Palestinians in Gaza , who have been living in the rubble of their homes without repairs or medicines since January 2009 , without first clearing the crime with its American protector .
Without America 's protection , Israel , a totally artificial state , could not exist .
No one in the world will believe that America 's spy apparatus did not detect the movement of the Israeli attack force toward the aid ships in international waters in an act of piracy , killing 20 , wounding 50 , and kidnapping the rest .
Obama 's pretense at ignorance confirms his complicity .
Once again the US government has permitted the Israeli state to murder good people known for their moral conscience .
The Israeli state has declared that anyone with a moral conscience is an enemy of Israel , and every American president except Eisenhower and Carter has agreed .
Obama 's 12 - hour silence in the face of extreme barbarity is his signal to the controlled corporate media to remain on the sidelines until Israeli propaganda sets the story .
The Israeli story , preposterous as always , is that the humanitarians on one of the ships took two pistols from Israeli commandos , highly trained troops armed with automatic weapons , and fired on the attack force .
The Israeli government claims that the commandos ' response ( 70 casualties at last reporting ) was justified self - defense .
Israel was innocent .
Israel did not do anything except drop commandos aboard from helicopters in order to intercept an arms shipment to Gazans being brought in by ships manned by terrorists .
Many Christian evangelicals , brainwashed by their pastors that it is God 's will for Americans to protect Israel , will believe the Israeli story , especially when it is unlikely they will ever hear any other .
Conservative Americans , especially on Memorial Day when they are celebrating feats of American arms , will admire Israel for its toughness .
Here in north Georgia where I am at the moment , I have heard several say , admiringly , " Them , Israelis , they do n't put up with nuthin . "
Conservative Americans want the US to be like Israel .
They do not understand why the US does n't stop pissing around after nine years and just go ahead and defeat the Taliban in Afghanistan .
They do n't understand why the US did n't defeat whoever was
opposing American forces in Iraq .
Conservatives are incensed that America had to " win "
the war by buying off the Iraqis and putting them on the US payroll .
Israel murders people and then blames its victims .
This appeals to American conservatives , who want the US to do the same .
It is likely that Americans will accept Israeli propagandist Mark Regev 's story that Israelis were met by deadly fire when they tried to intercept an arms shipment to Palestinian terrorists from IHH , a radical Turkish Islamist organization hiding under the cover of humanitarian aid .
This explanation is crafted to allow Americans to sink back into their stupor .
Americans will never hear from the US media that Turkey 's prime minister Erdogan declared that the aid ships were carefully inspected before departure from Turkey and that there were no terrorists or arms aboard :
" I want to say to the world , to the heads of state and the governments , that these boats that left from Turkey and other countries were checked in a strict way under the framework of the rules of international navigation and were only loaded with humanitarian aid . "
Turkey is a US ally , a member of NATO .
Turkey 's cooperation is important to American 's plan for world hegemony .
Turkey now realizes that the Israeli state is comprised of total evil .
Erdogan must wonder about the morality of Israel 's American protector .
According to a report inantiwar.com , the Turkish government declared that " future aid ships will be dispatched with a military escort so as to prevent future Israeli attacks . "
Will the CIA assassinate Erdogan or pay the Turkish military to overthrow him ?
Murat Mercan , head of Turkey 's foreign relations committee , said that Israel 's claim that there were terrorists aboard the aid ships was Israel 's way of covering up its crime .
Mercan declared : " Any allegation that the members of this ship is attached to al - Qaeda is a big lie because there are Israeli civilians , Israeli authorities , Israeli parliamentarians on board the ship . "
The criminal Israeli state does not deny its act of piracy .
Israeli military spokeswoman , Avital Leibovich , confirmed that the attack took place in international waters : " This happened in waters outside of Israeli territory , but we have the right to defend ourselves . "
People have been using gold particles dispersed in water — gold hydrosols — for medical purposes for over 1000 years .
Recently , hydrosols containing gold nanoparticles have become particularly popular because they have exciting potential in cancer therapies , pregnancy tests and blood sugar monitoring .
Researchers from the Davy Faraday Research Laboratory are exploring the medical uses of gold nanoparticles and they are currently displaying their work to the public at the Royal Society Summer Science Exhibition at the Southbank Centre in London .
" Nanotechnology offers scientists novel applications in the field of biomedical sciences , and we are focussing on harnessing this potential to advance health care diagnostics and therapeutics , including localised therapy for cancer treatment , " says Nguyen Thi Kim Thanh , who has put together the exhibit .
Gold nanoparticles , 15 nanometres in diameter , synthesised by Dr Nguyen TK Thanh .
The exact properties of gold hydrosols depend crucially on the concentration of the nanoparticles in them , that is the number of particles per unit volume .
But how do you determine the concentration of such tiny particles , whose diameter is on the scale of one - billionth of a metre ?
As it turns out , the answer lies in the way the particles interact with light and the maths of light absorption .
In practice , researchers work with gold hydrosols containing spherical particles that are all similar in size .
When you shine light through the hydrosol the particles scatter the light and absorb some of it , a phenomenon known as extinction .
It 's measured by a number known as the extinction coefficient , which depends on the size of the particles and the wavelength of the light you 're shining through the hydrosol .
If you know the size of your particles , you can work out the extinction coefficient using a complex mathematical formula called Mie theory , which is derived from Maxwell 's equations describing electromagnetism .
Using a device called an ultraviolet - visual spectrometer , scientists can measure how much light of a given wavelength is absorbed by a hydrosol .
This absorbance , call it A , together with the distance L the light has to travel through the spectrometer , and the extinction coefficient Q ( for your given wavelength and particle size ) are related to the concentration C by the beautifully simple equation
As is to be expected , the equation , known as the Beer - Lambert law , tells you that increasing the concentration increases absorbance — the more particles there are , the more light will be absorbed .
The Beer - Lambert law gives you the concentration of particles if you know their exact size , but in 2007 Thanh and her co-workers went a step further by spotting a mathematical relationship between the particles ' diameters and the absorbance of the hydrosol .
The relationship makes it possible to work out the particles ' exact size from the spectroscopy observations , as long as you have a very rough idea of how small the particles are .
For example , suppose you know that your gold nanoparticles ' diameter is larger than 25 nanometres .
Shining light through the hydrosol , you can use a spectrometer to measure a number related to absorbance , called the surface plasmon resonance peak , written as .
The exact diameter of your particles is given by the equation
There are similar formulae for nanoparticles smaller than 25 nanometres .
Once you have worked out the diameter of your particles in this way , you can use the Beer - Lambert law to determine their concentration in the hydrosol .
And for those nanoscientists who do n't want to do any maths at all , Thanh and her team have even produced tables in which you can look up the size and the concentration of the particles given your specific observation from the spectrometer .
So while the maths of light absorption is essential in exploiting the medical potential of gold nanoparticles , scientists do n't even have to think about it .
This article is based on the Maths Inside project , a collaboration of Plus and the Mathematics Promotion Unit ( run by the London Mathematical Society and the Institute of Mathematics and its Applications ) , in conjunction with the Nanoscale science exhibit and the Royal Society .
The Maths Inside project reveals the maths behind four specially chosen exhibits at the Royal Society Summer Science Exhibition .
Click here to find out more about the project and to read articles accompanying other exhibits .
ATHENS — Georges Kalaras used to view with pride the sports hall built near his home here for the 2004 Olympic competition in rhythmic gymnastics and ping pong .
Now , he gets mad every time he jogs by .
" Look , it 's locked ! " shouted the 38 - year - old Mr. Kalaras , who works for the Athens city water company .
Two stray dogs tangling with each other behind a padlocked metal fence accounted for the only activity in the complex , which seats 5,200 people .
Mr ....
At the end of last summer the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America ( ELCA ) voted to amend its ordination policies to include gay and lesbian clergy who are in committed , monogamous , lifelong , publicly accountable relationships .
The assembly also voted to recommend a process whereby those pastors who had either left the ELCA or been forced out for violating the now - defunct ordination policies could be reinstated to the active clergy roster .
For progressives in the ELCA , the wider Christian church and society at large , the vote was a thrilling victory after decades of struggle and setback .
For conservatives , the vote signaled a decisive break with scripture and tradition and called the orthodoxy and orthopraxy of the this denomination into question .
Almost one year later , we can take a step back to consider what happened in Minneapolis and to map some of the trajectories of this historic vote .
A Fundamental Injustice ?
Discussions of sexuality , ordination practices , and related issues have been a regular feature of the the church ’s conversations since before the merger of its predecessor bodies in 1988 .
Numerous studies have been conducted to determine how the ELCA might faithfully minister to LGBTQ persons while remaining faithful to scripture , tradition , and the confessions ( the most recent of these studies is “ Human Sexuality : Gift and Trust , ” the social statement adopted by the 2009 churchwide assembly ) .
Alongside these official studies has been a growing sense among Lutherans that the official policy denying ordination to non-celibate gay and lesbian persons might be a fundamental injustice .
Three groups in particular have been at the forefront of these discussions .
Lutherans Concerned / North America and Goodsoil have been tireless advocates for the full inclusion of LGBTQ Lutherans into the life of the church .
A third organization , Extraordinary Lutheran Ministries ( ELM ) , oversees the candidacies of Lutheran clergy of all sexual orientations and gender identities for ordained ministry in the Lutheran church — and one result of last summer ’s vote is that pastors credentialed by the ELM will be eligible for inclusion on the ELCA ’s roster of active clergy .
As in years past , the debates leading up to Minneapolis ( and still ongoing ) focused on three issues : scripture , tradition , and justice .
Both sides of the debate claim scriptural justification for their positions and both sides claim to be standing within the tradition of the church : opponents arguing that changing ordination policies made a decisive break with historic tradition , proponents arguing that Lutherans understand tradition to be a fluid , ever - reforming process of conforming to the gospel in each new age .
The third issue — justice — represents the most lopsided of the three .
Opponents do not typically consider justice to be a relevant category , while proponents insist that justice lies at the very heart of the issue .
In Minneapolis LGBTQ
Lutherans and their allies finally won a victory for which they had fought for so long , but that historic moment in the life of the ELCA was hardly the last word on the subject .
Immediately after the vote and at the close of the 2009 churchwide assembly , Presiding Bishop Mark S. Hanson anticipated the full spectrum of emotions that would emerge as a result of the votes .
As it stands now , one year later , a growing number of disgruntled Lutherans have ignored the Presiding Bishop ’s pleas for reconciliation and are taking public steps to leave the ELCA or to remain with certain reservations .
A dissenting group called Lutheran CORE ( formerly Coalition for Reform , now Coalition for Renewal ) met in assembly in September of 2009 to discuss the possibility of forming a new Lutheran church body in North America .
Those discussions resulted in the announcement of the North American Lutheran Church ( NALC ) , which will include disaffected “ confessional ” Lutherans from the United States , Canada , and Mexico .
Lutheran CORE will remain as a network for dissenting Lutherans not wishing to leave their current denominations .
Lutheranism is at Heart a Reforming Tradition
What are the issues at stake in these discussions ?
First , I put the term “ confessional ” in quotes because I consider its use in this context to be disingenuous ; it implies that only those Lutherans who are opposed to the full inclusion of LGBTQ Lutherans are faithful to the historic confessions of the Lutheran Church ( The Book of Concord ) .
It also assumes that the supporters of full inclusion are apostates who willfully abandon scripture , tradition , and the confessions to appease contemporary cultural sensibilities .
Neither charge is accurate , of course .
Progressive Lutherans win their convictions for justice and inclusion with appeals to scripture , tradition , and the confessions .
We make arguments based on the clear biblical demand for justice , citing the myriad instances in scripture , tradition , and the confessions urging the primacy of the gospel of radical love and acceptance of all people by the God who is called love .
We bear in mind that Lutheranism is at heart a reforming tradition as well as the source of modern biblical criticism , and we remember that a failure to read scripture ( and tradition , and the confessions ) critically through the lens of the gospel is a flirtation with idolatry .
We listen to our LGBTQ sisters and brothers when they share stories of pain , betrayal , and suffering over years of being treated as second - class members of their churches and being denied their vocations as clergy because of who they love .
If the broader culture is any indicator , conservatives within the ELCA ( and the new NALC ) are fighting a rear - guard action that will become increasingly irrelevant .
Surveys consistently show that younger generations of Americans are becoming more accepting of LGBTQ persons , and none other than former first lady Laura Bush admitted recently that same - sex marriage “ will come . ”
It is also important to remember that the ELCA is not a denomination on the far - left fringes of American Protestantism ; it is a traditionally moderate , left - of - center body whose historic heartlands are the Mid-Atlantic and the Upper Midwest .
If the this denomination is making moves toward full inclusion , other Protestant bodies ca n’t be far behind .
Female Clergy Oblivious to Irony
This is not the first time the ELCA has had these conversations .
In fact , almost identical arguments were made forty years ago when the issue was the ordination of women .
Opponents protested that ordaining women was a clear violation of scripture , tradition , and the confessions ; while proponents contended that ordaining women was consistent with the gospel , justice , and the historic teachings of the Lutheran church on ordination .
Women now comprise over 30 % of the ELCA roster of pastors , diaconal ministers , associates in ministry , and deaconesses , and currently the number of women and men preparing for ministry in ELCA seminaries is roughly equal ( Susan Candea , “ Wisdom Has Blessed Us ” ) .
While there are certainly some in the ELCA who continue to oppose women ’s ordination , those numbers are small and grow smaller with each passing year .
The same , I suspect , will be the case for the issue of gay and lesbian ordination forty years from now .
Ironically , these two issues are closely related and contribute to the perceived need for a new Lutheran church body in North America .
The ELCA is the only major Lutheran body in the United States to ordain women , and the number of dissenting ELCA Lutherans includes many female clergy who cannot simply leave the ELCA for another existing Lutheran body ( such as the Lutheran Church — Missouri Synod or the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod ) , where they would be denied ordination as women .
Some female clergy standing on the shoulders of foremothers who protested the injustice of barring women from ordained ministry now deny that vocation to gay and lesbian pastors who desire the joys and blessings of a committed relationship , yet these women do not recognize the inconsistency ( at best ) or hypocrisy ( at worst ) in their position .
And thus there is a perceived need for a new church body that will continue to ordain women ( itself a departure from their own reading of scripture , tradition , and the confessions ) but will deny that right to gay and lesbian persons in committed , monogamous , lifelong , publicly accountable relationships .
The ELCA has decided , for now , to live with this tension and to avoid active measures to discourage the exodus of congregations and members from the church .
I think this is a wise and prudent decision .
After years of fence - straddling and multiple “ studies , ” the ELCA has taken its stand for justice and has given every indication of being committed to that stand , come whatever may .
Additionally , the church has repeatedly insisted that it will respect the “ bound conscience ” of dissenters and will work to continue in faithful and productive mission and ministry with those who disagree with the actions taken at the 2009 churchwide assembly .
Already , though , there are signs of pressure to rescind the decisions made in Minneapolis last summer , as memorials are currently making their way through some local conferences and synod assemblies asking for voting members of the next biennial churchwide assembly ( to be held in Orlando in August 2011 ) to repeal the new ordination policies and revert to the discriminatory policies of the past .
And here I can only say that those Lutherans considering such a plan of attack might be better served to leave the ELCA and join the new NALC , allowing the ELCA to pursue its mission to manifest God ’s grace and Christ ’s love in the world , with no exceptions .
Well , this is intriguing : Walmart just officially announced that it'll be selling the 16GB iPhone 3GS for $ 97 starting Tuesday , a full $ 100 off the regular price .
Given the high probability that Steve Jobs will introduce the thoroughly - leaked next - gen iPhone when he gives the WWDC 2010 keynote on June 7th , the price cut seems like either an attempt to clear out remaining inventory or a way to slide the 3GS down the line to replace the $ 99 8 GB iPhone 3G -- a move which would corroborate some whispers we 've heard today that the 3G is no longer being shipped to stores .
Either way , the 3GS just got a lot cheaper , which is never a bad thing , but we 'd still say potential iPhone owners should wait a couple weeks and see what 's coming next .
[ Thanks , Ryan ]
ANTHONY " Choc " Mundine has lashed out at fellow Aborigines and rugby league greats Arthur Beetson and Gorden Tallis , calling them " coconuts " for not speaking up to support Timana Tahu 's stand against racism .
Mundine , the first footballer to campaign against racism in the NRL , said Beetson , Tallis and former St George winger Ricky Walford were allowing themselves to be part of a " divide and conquer " strategy .
" What I dislike is the coconuts .
They will always try to get somebody of the same background or colour to come out and speak against what Timana did , " he said yesterday .
" They are my mates , but I will name them : Gorden Tallis , Ricky Walford , Arthur Beetson ; who have come out and said that ' it 's all right ' or just sitting on the fence .
Why ?
Just look at who they work for and who pays their bills . "
In Aboriginal communities , there are few stronger insults than coconut - meaning black outside , but white inside .
" I 'll tell you point , straight , blank - they are coconuts , " Mundine said .
" I do n't respect them for that .
Whether we lose that friendship or not , I 'll tell them straight up . "
Mundine said that NSW players and selectors against Tahu 's return to the team for Origin III should be " sacked " .
" If you are putting sport over racism , then these guys - they all need to be sacked , " he said .
" All of them .
Any goodwilled Australian would support Tahu .
I applaud him . "
Tahu and Andrew Johns - who enraged the Eels star by using a racially charged profanity against indigenous Queensland star Greg Inglis before Origin II - come face to face this week .
League boss David Gallop has ordered them to attend mediation .
Gallop will later decide Johns ' fate .
The Aggi-Vacchagotta Sutta is one of the Buddha ’s teachings that I have come back to again and again when I have found myself entangled in metaphysical speculation and argument with myself — and with others !
In this sutta , the Buddha answers the questions of the wandering ascetic Vacchagotta on the nature of existence and uses the simile of extinguished fire to try to describe the indescribable — nirvana .
Vacchagotta is increasingly bewildered by the Buddha ’s answers , which seem to indicate that Buddha does n’t have any view whatsoever , only rejection of all views !
But even that is not right , because the Buddha ’s replies have one supreme goal — that of actually ending the cycles of suffering .
The Buddha is not interested in articulating metaphysical world - views , which he explains only leads to speculation and entanglement in further suffering and confusion .
Read the sutta for yourself .
The message is profound and points to something beyond all words .
This outstanding translation by Thanissaro Bhikkhu makes the sutta very readable and accessible .
You can almost feel what it might have been like to have been there watching the dialog between the Buddha and the ascetic !
~ Steve Goodheart
Aggi-Vacchagotta Sutta : To Vacchagotta on Fire
translated from the Pali by Thanissaro Bhikkhu
( Note : the word “ Tathagata ” means one who is fully awakened to the Deathless and is beyond all coming and going in conditioned being . )
“ I have heard that on one occasion the Blessed One was staying in Savatthi , at Jeta ’s Grove , Anathapindika ’s monastery .
Then the wanderer Vacchagotta went to the Blessed One and , on arrival , exchanged courteous greetings with him .
After an exchange of friendly greetings & courtesies , he sat to one side .
As he was sitting there he asked the Blessed One : “ How is it , Master Gotama , does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ The cosmos is eternal : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ Then does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ The cosmos is not eternal : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ Then does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ The cosmos is finite : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ Then does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ The cosmos is infinite : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ Then does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ The soul & the body are the same : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ Then does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ The soul is one thing and the body another : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ Then does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ After death a Tathagata exists : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ Then does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ After death a Tathagata does not exist : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ Then does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ After death a Tathagata both exists & does not exist : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ Then does Master Gotama hold the view : ‘ After death a Tathagata neither exists nor does not exist : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless ’ ? ”
“ … no … ”
“ How is it , Master Gotama , when Master Gotama is asked if he holds the view ‘ the cosmos is eternal …’… ‘ after death a Tathagata neither exists nor does not exist : only this is true , anything otherwise is worthless , ’ he says ‘… no … ’ in each case .
Seeing what drawback , then , is Master Gotama thus entirely dissociated from each of these ten positions ? ”
“ Vaccha , the position that ‘ the cosmos is eternal ’ is a thicket of views , a wilderness of views , a contortion of views , a writhing of views , a fetter of views .
It is accompanied by suffering , distress , despair , & fever , and it does not lead to disenchantment , dispassion , cessation ; to calm , direct knowledge , full Awakening , Unbinding .
“ The position that ‘ the cosmos is not eternal ’ …
“ …’ the cosmos is finite ’ …
“ …’ the cosmos is infinite ’ …
“ …’ the soul & the body are the same ’ …
“ …’ the soul is one thing and the body another ’ …
“ …’after death a Tathagata exists ’ …
“ …’ after death a Tathagata does not exist ’ …
“ …’after death a Tathagata both exists & does not exist ’ …
“ …’after death a Tathagata neither exists nor does not exist ’… does not lead to disenchantment , dispassion , cessation ; to calm , direct knowledge , full Awakening , Unbinding . ”
“ Does Master Gotama have any position at all ? ”
“ A ‘ position , ’ Vaccha , is something that a Tathagata has done away with .
What a Tathagata sees is this : ‘ Such is form , such its origin , such its disappearance ; such is feeling , such its origin , such its disappearance ; such is perception … such are mental fabrications … such is consciousness , such its origin , such its disappearance . ’
Because of this , I say , a Tathagata — with the ending , fading out , cessation , renunciation , & relinquishment of all construings , all excogitations , all I - making & mine - making & obsession with conceit — is , through lack of clinging / sustenance , released . ”
“ But , Master Gotama , the monk whose mind is thus released : Where does he reappear ? ”
“ ‘ Reappear , ’ Vaccha , does n’t apply . ”
“ In that case , Master Gotama , he does not reappear . ”
“ ‘ Does not reappear , ’ Vaccha , does n’t apply . ”
“ … both does & does not reappear . ”
“ … does n’t apply . ”
“ … neither does nor does not reappear . ”
“ … does n’t apply . ”
“ How is it , Master Gotama , when Master Gotama is asked if the monk reappears … does not reappear … both does & does not reappear … neither does nor does not reappear , he says , ‘ … does n’t apply ’ in each case .
At this point , Master Gotama , I am befuddled ; at this point , confused .
The modicum of clarity coming to me from your earlier conversation is now obscured . ”
“ Of course you ’re befuddled , Vaccha .
Of course you ’re confused .
Deep , Vaccha , is this phenomenon , hard to see , hard to realize , tranquil , refined , beyond the scope of conjecture , subtle , to - be - experienced by the wise .
For those with other views , other practices , other satisfactions , other aims , other teachers , it is difficult to know .
That being the case , I will now put some questions to you .
Answer as you see fit .
What do you think , Vaccha :
If a fire were burning in front of you , would you know that , ‘ This fire is burning in front of me ’ ? ”
“ … yes … ”
“ And suppose someone were to ask you , Vaccha , ‘ This fire burning in front of you , dependent on what is it burning ? ’
Thus asked , how would you reply ? ”
“ … I would reply , ‘ This fire burning in front of me is burning dependent on grass & timber as its sustenance . ' ”
“ If the fire burning in front of you were to go out , would you know that , ‘ This fire burning in front of me has gone out ’ ? ”
“ … yes … ”
“ And suppose someone were to ask you , ‘ This fire that has gone out in front of you , in which direction from here has it gone ?
East ?
West ?
North ?
Or south ? ’
Thus asked , how would you reply ? ”
“ That does n’t apply , Master Gotama .
Any fire burning dependent on a sustenance of grass and timber , being unnourished — from having consumed that sustenance and not being offered any other — is classified simply as ‘ out ’ ( unbound ) . ”
“ Even so , Vaccha , any physical form by which one describing the Tathagata would describe him :
That the Tathagata has abandoned , its root destroyed , made like a palmyra stump , deprived of the conditions of development , not destined for future arising .
Freed from the classification of form , Vaccha , the Tathagata is deep , boundless , hard to fathom , like the sea .
‘ Reappears ’ does n’t apply .
‘ Does not reappear ’ does n’t apply .
‘ Both does & does not reappear ’ does n’t apply .
‘ Neither reappears nor does not reappear ’ does n’t apply .
“ Any feeling …
Any perception …
Any mental fabrication …
“ Any consciousness by which one describing the Tathagata would describe him :
That the Tathagata has abandoned , its root destroyed , made like a palmyra stump , deprived of the conditions of development , not destined for future arising .
Freed from the classification of consciousness , Vaccha , the Tathagata is deep , boundless , hard to fathom , like the sea .
‘ Reappears ’ does n’t apply .
‘ Does not reappear ’ does n’t apply .
‘ Both does & does not reappear ’ does n’t apply .
‘ Neither reappears nor does not reappear ’ does n’t apply . ”
When this was said , the wanderer Vacchagotta said to the Blessed One : “ Master Gotama , it is as if there were a great sala tree not far from a village or town : From inconstancy , its branches and leaves would wear away , its bark would wear away , its sapwood would wear away , so that on a later occasion — divested of branches , leaves , bark , & sapwood — it would stand as pure heartwood .
In the same way , Master Gotama ’s words are divested of branches , leaves , bark , & sapwood and stand as pure heartwood .
“ Magnificent , Master Gotama !
Magnificent !
Just as if he were to place upright what was overturned , to reveal what was hidden , to show the way to one who was lost , or were to carry a lamp into the dark so that those with eyes could see forms , in the same way has Master Gotama has — through many lines of reasoning — made the Dhamma clear .
I go to Master Gotama for refuge , to the Dhamma , and to the Sangha of monks .
May Master Gotama remember me as a lay follower who has gone to him for refuge , from this day forward , for life . ”
http://www.accesstoinsight.org/tipitaka/mn/mn.072.than.html
© 1997–2010
For any student of Buddhism , the Access to Insight website is an incredible resource for teachings of the Buddha from the original Pali canon .
If this sutta has proved helpful to you , I recommend these posts for further amplification and insight into this subtle teaching :
The Importance of Getting Into the Emptiness Mode
Samsara — It ’s a Verb Not a Place
Nirvana Is a Verb Not a Place
♡♡♡
37.871593 -122.272747
Rand Paul Says He 's Being ' Trashed Up and Down ' by ' Democratic Talking Points ' Kentucky GOP Senate nominee responds to critics after Civil Rights Act comments .
WASHINGTON , May 21 , 2010  -- Rand Paul , the Tea Party 's rising star from Kentucky who won the state 's GOP Senate primary this week , says criticism of his views on the Civil Rights Act and other pieces of anti-discrimination legislation are " red herrings " and Democrats ' attempt to " trash " his campaign .
" When does my honeymoon period start ?
I had a big victory , " Paul told George Stephanopoulos on " Good Morning America " today .
" I 've just been trashed up and down and they have been saying things that are untrue .
And when they say I 'm for repealing the Civil Rights Act , it 's absolutely false .
It 's never been my position and something that I basically just think is politics . "
Paul 's comments came amid a firestorm of criticism sparked earlier this week when he appeared to question the 1964 Civil Rights Act , which he said went too far in banning discrimination by private companies .
In an interview Wednesday with MSNBC's Rachel Maddow , Paul was asked whether he believed private businesses should have the right to refuse service to African - Americans .
" Yes , " Paul said .
" I 'm not in favor of any discrimination of any form . …
But I think what 's important about this debate is not written into any specific ' gotcha ' on this , but asking the question : what about freedom of speech ?
Should we limit speech from people we find abhorrent ?
Should we limit racists from speaking ? "
His comments drew a range of criticism , including a rebuke from the White House Thursday , with press secretary Robert Gibbs telling reporters , " a discussion about whether or not you support those I do n't think has a real , should n't have a place in our political dialogue in 2010 . "
Republicans also seemed to distance themselves from Paul 's views .
Republican National Committee chairman Michael Steele made it clear the GOP supports the Civil Rights Act , whatever its Senate nominee in Kentucky says .
Paul has said he does n't believe the government has the right to tell a private business who they have to serve but insists he has not -- and has never -- called for a repeal of the law .
" If you want to bring up 40 - year - old legislation , why do n't you bring me on with Sen . [ Robert ]
Byrd , and we 'll talk about how he filibustered the Civil Rights Act , " he said of the 92 - year - old West Virginia Democrat .
" Make him , call him to task for something he actually did as opposed to calling me to task for something they insinuated that I might believe that 's not true .
" What is going on here is an attempt to vilify us for partisan reasons .
Where do your talking points come from ?
The Democratic National Committee , they also come from Rachel Maddow and MSNBC . "
Paul Slams Obama Administration for Treatment of BP
Paul 's political philosophy , which is shared by many members of the Tea Party movement , emphasizes a more limited role of the federal government in U.S. business and society .
Earlier this year , for example , Paul told the Fox Business Channel that he believes government agencies should reduce their regulation of the energy industry .
" Get the EPA out of our coal business down here , get OSHA out of our small businesses .
We need to restrain government to let small businesses create jobs , " he said .
Paul affirmed the comments on " Good Morning America , " saying that he finds the Environmental Protection Agency 's recent regulatory initiative on greenhouse gas emissions , independent of Congress , " particularly galling . "
" I think that 's a regulatory commission run amok and I think we need to have congressional oversight , " he said .
" I do n't think regulatory agencies should write regulations without approval of the people through their representatives .
And I stick to that and that 's absolutely my point of view . "
The Kentucky Senate candidate also criticized the Obama administration 's treatment of BP in the wake of the ongoing Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
" What I do n't like from the president 's administration is this sort of , ' I 'll put my boot heel on the throat of BP . '
I think that sounds really un-American in his criticism of business , " he said .
" I 've heard nothing from BP about not paying for the spill .
And I think it 's part of this sort of blame game society in the sense that it 's always got to be someone 's fault instead of the fact that sometimes accidents happen . "
Paul 's Civil Rights Comments Could Embolden Tea Party Critics
The controversy over Paul 's comments on federal civil rights legislation has revived suggestions by Tea Party critics that there are racists in the movement , an allegation Paul denies .
The most recent ABC News polls show the perception of racial prejudice in the movement exists , particularly among the movement 's opponents .
Among all Americans , 28 percent see racial prejudice against President Obama as a substantial factor in support for the Tea Party movement .
Paul clarified his views in a written statement Thursday , saying whatever concerns he may have had about parts of the Civil Rights Act , he has not -- and has never -- called for repealing it .
" Even though this matter was settled when I was 2 , and no serious people are seeking to revisit it except to score cheap political points , I unequivocally state that I will not support any efforts to repeal the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , " Paul , 47 , said .
" Let me be clear : I support the Civil Rights
Act because I overwhelmingly agree with the intent of the legislation , which was to stop discrimination in the public sphere and halt the abhorrent practice of segregation and Jim Crow laws , " he said .
Hooker Tweens , or Whither the Women 's Movement ?
Making the rounds in these Taylor - Momsen - esque times is a dance contest video featuring 8 and 9 - year - old girls in sizzling red and black bras and panties bumping to Beyonce 's " Single Ladies . "
A Times magazine piece , " Playing At Sexy , " calls watching it akin to " rubbernecking a 12 - car pileup of early sexualization . "
I call it a sorry slutty distortion of the lofty notion of empowerment .
My 7 - year - old daughter Lâm calls it " cool , but ... "
" They have nice outfits , but they look like kids and they 're doing things women do .
They are what they are and they should n't act like grown - ups , ' cause they 're not . "
- Lâm
Read more
BEIJING , China –
With new reports of labor unrest emerging daily from Chinese factories , it seems increasingly likely that China ’s place as a boundless source of low - wage labor to make the world ’s consumer goods is changing .
What remains unknown is what the government and corporations will do to reform the system , beyond simply raising wages in factories where headline - grabbing unrest breaks out .
Taiwan ’s Foxconn , a key supplier to Apple , Sony , Motorola and most other big tech companies , has agreed to raise basic salaries by 65 percent ( to $ 293 a month ) in its massive Shenzhen electronics plant where 10 employees have killed themselves this year .
Since the Foxconn situation drew an international spotlight to Chinese factory conditions , the focus has been on pay and the impact that higher wages might have on global manufacturing .
The bigger picture goes beyond money .
While factory pay has been a huge problem , labor experts say the entire system is riddled with troubling issues , many of them stemming from the lack of basic rights given the migrant workers who typically staff production lines , documented in last year 's GlobalPost investigative series Silicon Sweatshops .
“ Increasing salaries is an effective method to improve the workers material lives , but it is not enough , ” said Dai Jianzhong , a labor relations expert at the Beijing Academy of Social Sciences .
Dai and others said wages are just one component of what ’s needed in terms of labor reform in China .
Other necessary measures would address living conditions and social welfare .
Most migrant workers are ineligible for local health care and education , and living on - site at factory dorms means limited personal lives .
Most groups say that democratically elected labor unions would go a long way in changing the system .
On the wage issue , labor - rights groups and scholars agree that Chinese factory workers are long overdue for significant pay raises .
Factory pay has not kept pace with inflation over the past decade , helping in part to create an ongoing labor shortage in the Pearl River Delta .
Geoffrey Crothall of the Hong Kong - based China Labor Bulletin said wages “ have been kept so low for so long that no one should be at all surprised that workers are demanding not just higher salaries but substantially higher salaries . ”
Crothall was critical of Foxconn , saying that its sudden announcement indicates the company could have paid higher salaries earlier .
Instead , the dramatic raise in salaries there will send a message to workers in other companies .
“ Right now you have a lot of workers on very low wages , the economy is booming again , the boss is making money again but they are being forced to work even longer hours for no real increase in pay , ” said Crothall .
“ So of course they are going to demand higher pay , and the only way they can do that is by strike action or other forms of protest that forces the local government to intercede in the dispute on their behalf .
“ While this very often brings about the desired result — higher pay — it is clearly not an ideal situation , ” he said .
Liu Kaiming , a former journalist who now runs an organization for migrant workers in Shenzhen , said raising salaries is far short of what workers need .
Basic increases in pay will help factory workers catch up in inflation , but wo n’t address underlying problems in the Chinese manufacturing model .
Liu said in instances like Foxconn ’s , companies need to change their management practices and listen to the concerns of workers .
( See how one electronics company had success by listening to its employees ) .
Liu said factories need to consider factors other than simply making goods for the lowest possible price to extract the highest profits .
“ They should treat the workers as people , not money - making machines , ” said Liu .
– After defeating the Philadelphia Flyers to win their first NHL Stanley Cup since 1961 , the Chicago Blackhawks will continue the celebration by bringing the famed Stanley Cup to NBC's " The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " ( Monday - Friday , 11:35 p.m. ET ) on Monday , June 14 .
Coming to Burbank will be Conn Smythe award winner as playoff MVP and team captain Jonathan Toews , winning goal - scorer Patrick Kane , and defensemen Brent Seabrook and Duncan Keith – the latter of whom famously lost seven teeth during Game 4 of the Western Conference Finals against the San Jose Sharks On March 16 , the entire Blackhawks team made an appearance on the show where their Olympic participants from the U.S. and Canada showed off their gold and silver medals .
This time the players are scheduled to do a walk - on at the end of the monologue to celebrate their newest trophy .
" The Tonight Show with Jay Leno " is from Big Dog Productions in association with Universal Media Studios .
Debbie Vickers is the executive producer .
For full story , CLICK HERE
( CNN ) --
The 15 - year - old Mexican youth who was shot and killed by a Border Patrol agent had a history of involvement with human smuggling and was on a list of repeat juvenile offenders , U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman Mark Qualia told CNN Thursday .
The victim , Sergio Adrian Hernandez Guereca , had been apprehended by U.S. officials on more than one occassion but was never criminally charged , Qualia said .
The use of juveniles to smuggle people across the border is a common tactic for smugglers , he said .
Meanwhile , a video obtained by CNN casts doubt on the Border Patrol agent 's claim that he was surrounded by rock - throwing suspected illegal immigrants when he fatally shot the boy on the border at Ciudad Juarez .
CNN obtained the video , which was shot by a witness on a cell phone camera from the Mexican side of the border , from affiliate Univision .
The video aired on its program Primer Impacto late Wednesday evening .
The video shows part of the buildup before the incident , with several individuals running underneath the Puente Negro , a railroad span that connects the two countries .
Monday night 's incident started around 6:30 p.m. when Border Patrol agents responded to a report of a group of suspected illegal immigrants being smuggled into the United States near the Paso del Norte port of entry , FBI Special Agent Andrea Simmons said .
In the distance , a U.S. Border Patrol officer on a bicycle can be seen making his way toward the area .
Seconds later , the officer can be seen getting off the bicycle and approaching two of the four suspected Mexican nationals who had just crossed through an opening in the fence .
One of the suspects is detained by the officer , but never handcuffed , and is dragged a short distance .
This happened on the U.S. side of the border .
Moments later , the officer points what appears to be his firearm in the direction of a second suspect , standing about 60 feet away from the officer -- on the Mexican side of the border .
The video shows the suspect running away .
Seconds later , two gunshots can be heard on the video .
A third gunshot is heard in a different sequence of the tape .
After the shooting , another suspect is seen running in the upper left side of screen away from the incident .
" They 're throwing rocks , " witnesses screaming in Spanish can be heard in the background of the video as the officer opens fire .
" They hit him ... they hit him . "
The video contradicts Simmons ' account .
She had said : " This agent , who had the second subject detained on the ground , gave verbal commands to the remaining subjects to stop and retreat .
However , the subjects surrounded the agent and continued to throw rocks at him .
The agent then fired his service weapon several times , striking one subject who later died . "
A federal law enforcement official told CNN that the FBI 's use of the word " surrounded , " was " probably not the best choice of words , " and that it is more accurate to say that people were nearby throwing rocks .
The FBI has been studying videos of the incident and said some of the video does show rocks being thrown at the Border Patrol agents , the official said .
Hernandez Guereca was a secondary student in Juarez .
" The young man was not armed , " said Sergio Belmonte , Ciudad Juarez spokesman .
" He did not have the physical size to threaten anyone .
The aggression ( by the U.S. agent ) is evident . "
Belmonte said Hernandez was shot in the head .
" My people have spoken to his family .
His dad says he was a straight - A student .
His secondary school even sent him on an academic trip because of his good grades , " Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz said .
A memorial for Hernandez was to be held in Juarez Thursday morning , according to Reyes .
Local politicians were expected to attend .
Reports that the Mexican military may have drawn weapons on U.S. Border Patrol agents , which surfaced earlier Wednesday , could not be immediately confirmed .
The tape released by Univision did not show any Mexican military troops .
" We are aware of those reports , but I cannot confirm them to you at this time , " said Mexican military spokesman Enrique Torres .
" I plan on speaking with the individuals who are said to have been involved , but I can't and wo n't confirm that to you .
I cannot speculate . "
The Mexican government has requested a quick and transparent investigation into the fatal shooting .
Mexico " reiterates that the use of firearms to repel a rock attack represents a disproportionate use of force , particularly coming from authorities who receive specialized training on the matter , " the Foreign Ministry said Tuesday in a news release .
Simmons told CNN earlier that she did not know whether the person who was shot was on the Mexican or U.S. side of the border , but the agent never left U.S. territory .
The body was found on the Mexican side of the border , Simmons said .
Peaceful protests against the U.S. Border Patrol were held in Juarez on Wednesday , near the site of the fatal shooting .
In video shot by CNN affiliate KVIA , a man holding a bullhorn is seen pacing back and forth on the dusty streets of Juarez , pleading " Justice for Hernandez " to any passerby who would listen .
The shooting comes less than two weeks after the May 31 death of a Mexican illegal immigrant who had been detained three days earlier by border agents in California .
A suspect identified as Oscar Ivan Pineda Ayala was initially detained on the Rio Grande levee , said the FBI , which is leading the investigation .
" The growing frequency of this type of event reflects a worrisome increment in the use of excessive force on the part of some border authorities , " the Mexican Foreign Ministry said .
According to the ministry , the number of Mexicans who have been killed or wounded by U.S. border authorities has increased from five in 2008 to 12 in 2009 and 17 so far this year .
Earlier , Qualia , the U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman , said he could not comment because he does not know where the Mexican government obtained its statistics .
But Qualia said there were 799 assaults on border agents from October 1 , 2009 , through May 31 -- up from 745 assaults for the same time period in 2007 - 08 and 658 for the same span in 2008 - 09 .
Lethal force , he said , is allowed " when an agent is in imminent threat of physical or bodily harm , which could cause death or injury or in protection of an innocent third party . "
The determination of when to use lethal force , Qualia said , is made by each individual agent at the scene .
From October 1 through May 31 , he said , Custom and Border Protection agents used their firearms 31 times .
Rock - throwing can be considered a dangerous assault , Qualia said : " They 're not chunking pebbles . "
CNN 's Nick Valencia , Arthur Brice , Jeanne Meserve and Devon Sayers contributed to this report .
Americans Growing Weary Of Endless War
The public is growing tired of America 's Longest War .
Doug Mataconis · · 26 comments
The Christian Science Monitor takes a look at the polls and finds that the American public is growing tired of a war in Afghanistan that has no real end in sight :
Until recently , the nine - year conflict in Afghanistan had become “ the forgotten war ” for many Americans – a complaint increasingly heard among US troops there .
But this week ’s sacking of Gen.
Stanley McChrystal as US commander puts Afghanistan – and especially how the fight against the Taliban is going – squarely back into public thought and concern .
Most Americans agree with Obama that McChrystal had to go , polls show .
But they ’re far less supportive of the conflict itself , weary of what ’s become the longest war in US history .
A recent Rasmussen Reports telephone survey of likely voters finds that just 41 percent “ now believe it is possible for the United States to win the nearly nine - year - old war in Afghanistan . ”
More to the point , a plurality of 48 percent now say ending the war in Afghanistan is a more important goal than winning it .
Meanwhile , 53 percent of those polled by Newsweek disapprove of how Obama is managing the war – a sharp reversal since February when 55 percent supported Obama on Afghanistan and just 27 percent did not .
( Put another way , the percentage of Americans who disapprove of Obama ’s Afghan policy has nearly doubled in four months . )
The same Newsweek poll finds that “ 46 percent of respondents think America is losing the war in Afghanistan ( 26 percent say the military is winning ) .
A similar plurality think the US is losing the broader war on terrorism ( 43 percent vs. 29 percent ) … ”
Part of this has to do with the nature of a counterinsurgency ( COIN ) effort – a phrase and acronym which has been around at least since the early days of Vietnam .
Even when it works , counterinsurgency can take years .
And the two most recent major examples – France in Algeria and the United States in Vietnam – hardly worked .
Hearts and minds must be won , not only in the war zone , but at home as well .
Ironically , though , Afghanistan seems to be less a part of the American daily consciousness than Vietnam was even though the media is far more prevalent today than it was in the 1960s .
If we were seeing live reports from the battlefield every night to back up those casualty reports we see in the newspaper every couple of days , I would imagine that American opposition to the war would be even stronger , and louder .
None of this should be surprising , of course , if Vietnam taught us anything , it taught us that a military campaign based on counter - insurgency and long - term commitments is difficult , if not impossible , to sell to the American public .
Party , this may be because civilians are still used to thinking of wars in terms of set - piece battles , campaigns , and the capturing of enemy soldiers .
A war strategy that has as it ’s base the winning of the hearts and minds of the population is completely alien compared to something like , say , the Battle of the Bulge , or even the First Persian Gulf War As I noted a few days ago , even the soldiers on the ground are n’t happy with the rules that COIN imposes on them , so it ’s not really all that surprising that the general public would n’t be supportive either .
Finally , there ’s the simple fact that America simply does n’t have a history of long wars .
With the exception of Vietnam , and of course Afghanistan , most of America ’s wars have lasted no more than four to five years .
The idea of the “ permanent campaign ” or the endless war is simply not something that American life is either familiar with .
We take security and protection for granted , but even the most secure neighborhoods and circumstances can bring out the worst case scenarios that can harm a girl emotionally and physically .
Here ’s a story that ’s written by an Indian girl about sexual abuse and eve teasing in her seemingly secure neighborhood .
Did you feel ashamed ?
Ashamed , that when at 13 , a passerby grabbed and pinched you ?
Ashamed that men passed ‘ lewd ’ remarks when you walked past ?
Or brushed against you ?
Ashamed when cab drivers adjusted their rear view mirrors to stare at your chest ?
Ashamed that it happened to you because you thought you walked , talked and dressed in a manner that was wrong ?
Rape , eve teasing and molestation are encountered almost every day , across the world .
The scar these everyday instances leave on our psyche is immeasurable , eventually making an individual insensitive to such incidents and devastating one ’s self image .
The worst of it is by the society and people , who ironically blame the victim , in most cases the woman , by labeling them to be indecent , provocative and having an unfavorable attitude .
“ I get eve teased every day in public buses , it is horrible but after it happens , the first thing I do is look at my dress … try to cover my chest with a duppatta ( a shawl - like garment ) ” says Aranya , a 16 year old Indian student .
Does the law help an Indian girl ?
‘ Freedom ’ , the word seems neatly imprinted on the papers , where stalwarts of our society use and misuse it to portray their deceptive liberal attitude .
“ Frankly speaking , there is no freedom for girls to dress and behave the way they want .
We always have to be on constant vigil ” adds Aranya .
Our Indian law grandly states : IPC Section 354 “ whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any woman , intending to outrage or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby outrage her modesty , shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years , or with fine or both ” .
“ Who now is a modest woman ? ” asks student Kalpana .
“ Am I immodest because I dress up in a backless top ?
And if so , is outraging me not a crime ?
Whose modesty is the law boasting about ?
What degree of outrage does it describe ?
Such vague laws ” she exclaims .
An incident where a foreign diplomat was raped in an area buzzing with activity in India disproves the idea of safe and unsafe areas to be ventured .
“ It is at times insane , when people ask me to avoid certain places because they are not safe .
I get eve teased everywhere ” says Sneha , a media professional .
[ Read :
What should you do if you ’re raped ? ]
“ Our law has too many loopholes , it gives you all the rights at one instance and snatches it away at the other ” says Reshma , a law graduate .
On the basis of section 354 , one can be punished for eve teasing .
However , the law demands proof , and lack of proper mechanism and elusiveness of a satisfactory definition of modesty fails the purpose of the law .
“ How can a woman prove to the police that the man had touched her breasts ? ” questions Reshma .
Affect and effect
Pavitra was walking home .
It was a slightly audible noise in the distance , and then it got louder as the car came closer .
She was humming on her way , swinging her books by her side .
The creep in the car slowed down , stared at her and then hit out at her breasts .
She was 15 and it hurt .
Her world blurred over with startled tears .
Ever since that day , she began carrying her books across her chest .
Her walk became hurried and purposeful .
Poonam was coming out from her office , when a man stopped her and pretended to ask her for directions and within a moment grabbed her and pinched her breast .
She was wearing a salwar kameez ( traditional Indian dress ) .
Nothing provocative .
“ The dressing , ”  “ you asked for it , ”  “ she wore a backless top , what else could she expect , ”  these comments are not so uncommon .
Offices , colleges , etc. make dress codes for women , and in spite of them claiming it to be for professional values , the subtext is clear , ‘ indecent dressing ’ invites trouble .
When a woman clad in her salwar kameez is molested , such justification fades away into thin air .
“ We are conditioned to take a hurried walk , conditioned to wear ‘ appropriate ’ dresses and even feel that we asked for it when we are sexually harassed ” says Aparna , a BPO employee .
What one wears in a public space is a matter of choice .
Do n’t people have the right to look good , feel good about themselves and their body ?
Walk and talk the way they want ?
Their body is their space and when anyone letches , whistles or gropes at it , they abuse it .
Accept it , because you expect it ?
How strange that a stranger can make you feel vulnerable , stripping you naked by his violent gaze , and you can do nothing but ignore it .
Eve teasing is not a victimless crime .
It leads to public humiliation of a woman in broad daylight and subsequent avoidance of public places .
“ I always carry a camera mobile phone and capture the face of the eve teaser , in this way I threaten him of complaining to the cops ” says Aparna .
“ When a stranger stares at my chest , I stare back at him constantly , making him feel conscious ” says Aranya .
“ By doing that , I make a point that I ’m not vulnerable ” she adds .
Eve teasing , because of its daily occurrence has been legitimized .
“ Yeh sab to chalta hai ” ( all this happens ) is what we constantly hear , and when these incidents of eve teasing go unchecked , they lead to rape .
“ It is now so common that I ’m desensitized to it ” says Reshma .
So you accept it , because you expect it ?
Tackle the issue
All one needs to do is be cautious , do not let the eve teaser take advantage of your ‘ ignorance ’ , respond back in whatever way possible .
Stare back , shout , scream , photograph the person or call the cops ( if nearby ) instantly .
“ Initially it is embarrassing to shout and scream in the crowd , but once you have the confidence and anger , these small acts really help ”  suggests Aparna .
Unless one takes an initiative , this issue can not be tackled .
[ Read : Why do men stare at women ’s breasts ? ]
Here ’s a wish for all those who are fighting a brave fight against sexual harassment .
Here ’s wishing that we find our voices before they are strangled , here ’s wishing that we sing our songs in the melodies that we like and here ’s wishing that one day , we ’ll walk down the streets with our heads held high …
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - New U.S. oil rigs and wells would face strict new design and inspection rules under a draft law circulated by a key House of Representatives committee on Friday .
The House Energy and Commerce Committee will discuss the draft bill at a June 30 hearing -- one of several congressional initiatives to crack down on the oil industry in the wake of the environmental disaster caused by BP'sBP.N Deepwater Horizon spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
The 34 - page draft “ blowout prevention act ” outlines the conditions for drilling and operating new “ high - risk ” wells -- offshore or on land -- and aims to prevent future disasters .
( To see the draft , click on : r.reuters.com/fej34m )
Oil companies would not be allowed to drill unless they installed blowout preventers designed to cut off the flow of oil in worst - case scenarios , the bill said .
The bill addresses the design of safe wells , and would require independent technical inspection of new rigs before they begin operating .
Third - party inspectors would need to review the rigs at least every six months , and the bill also calls for surprise visits from government inspectors .
Oil companies would need to be able to demonstrate they could control a spill within 90 days of a disaster , the draft said .
The draft defines “ high risk wells ” as those within 200 nautical miles of the U.S. or those onshore where a blowout “ could lead to substantial harm to public health and safety or the environment . ”
Those Companies found breaking the rules could be penalized $ 75,000 a day , or twice that amount if a blowout hurt the environment .
The bill also allows for criminal penalties in the event rules are not followed .
The U.S. Interior Department also has issued tougher rules for existing rigs in the wake of the disaster that include requirements for blowout preventers .
Christine Hamilton and her husband Neil , the former Tory minister , were arrested in 2001 because of false sexual assault claims by Nadine Milroy - Sloan .
No charges were ever brought and Milroy - Sloan was later jailed for three years for perverting the course of justice .
Image caption Manchester United said last week that it was not for sale
The Red Knights group of wealthy supporters mulling a takeover of Manchester United has put plans to make a bid for the club on hold .
The group said media speculation of " inflated valuation aspirations " had hampered its plans .
It added that it had always maintained it would only pay a sensible price for Manchester United .
Last week , United reiterated it was not for sale and that the Glazer family owners would not listen to offers .
Price limit
The Glazer family bought Manchester United for £ 800 m in 2005 .
However , critics say the family has saddled the club with massive debts .
In the last annual accounts , to July 2009 , debts at the club 's parent company Red Football Joint Venture increased to £ 716.5 m .
The Red Knights group - which includes the former Football League chairman Keith Harris and Goldman Sachs chief economist Jim O'Neill - had said that one of its priorities was to reduce debt levels .
Image caption Fans who want the Glazers out have switched to wearing green and gold
The group had been expected to make a bid of about £ 1bn for United , however reports have suggested that the Glazer family put a much higher value on the club .
Last week , Manchester United said the club was not for sale and that the Glazer family owners would " not entertain any offers " , adding that the Glazers remained " fully committed to their long - term ownership of the club " .
In a statement , the Red Knights said that it remained committed to pursuing its efforts " to try and help bring ownership of Manchester United to its supporters , and under a structure with materially less debt " .
" As we have maintained however since news of our ambitions first emerged in March , we will only attempt to purchase the club at a sensible price , consistent with the long term interests of the club , " the group added .
" Persistent speculation in the media of inflated valuation aspirations has made our goals less attainable , as potential investors have strongly reinforced our views that we should not move forward at a price uneconomic for the future of the club . "
Season tickets
Manchester United fans have launched a campaign to oust the Glazers , with many boycotting the traditional red shirts and scarves and instead wearing green and gold , the original colours of Newton Heath , the amateur side which was founded in 1878 and became Manchester United .
There has also been talk of supporters not renewing season tickets , in an attempt to hit revenue streams at the club .
The Manchester United Supporters Trust , which has backed the Red Knights ' campaign , said last month that it had not called for a boycott .
However , it added it was " encouraging supporters to delay renewal of season tickets and executive facilities until at least the first deadline and ideally until a Red Knight bid comes forward " .
" If the Glazers reject a bid or indeed are still here next season we will review that position accordingly , " it added .
The trust also said it believed the Red Knights had not totally walked away , but were waiting for the price of Manchester United to fall .
" We understand the intention of the statement from the Red Knights is to remove the time deadline pressure and set more realistic expectations with regard to a bid , " the trust said .
In its statement , the Red Knights group said : " We understand that many supporters were hoping that we might be in a position to make a bid before the season ticket renewal deadline .
" We have never taken a stance on season ticket renewals , it is a personal choice for all supporters . "
Turn Your iPad Into A SNES
by Corey Dockendorf [ Wednesday , 26th of May 2010 - 03:11 PM ]
Where the Woozle Was n't brings us probably one of the best SNES emulators on the iPad that I 've seen in a long time .
Using an iPod Touch as a controller , connected via blue tooth , to the iPad , you can have up to four players at a time playing your favorite Super Nintendo games .
Using the iPhone port by ZodTTD , iPad owners can now enjoy there favorite Nintendo games right in the comfort of there own laps !
Check out the video below for a demonstration :
Not that there are n't enough apps and games for the iPad , but this emulator now opens a whole new world of games that can be revisited or played for the first time .
Four Player action does n't hurt a bit either .
Invite your friends over to play , and all they need is to bring their iPod Touch and they 're in the game .
Of course an iPod Touch is a bit expensive for an old platform controller , but if you already have one , go ahead , let your inner Mario out .
The long - running debate over Internet file sharing seems certain to be renewed as a result of litigation filed by a Washington , DC legal group against more than 14,000 unidentified “ John Does , ” who are alleged to have downloaded movies from various independent producers using BitTorrent .
According to the Washington Post , attorneys for the US Copyright Group say their goal is to save the film industry from copyright pirates , but the three advocacy groups which have filed a friend - of - the - court brief ( pdf ) in the case charge that they ’re only in it for the money .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ These are organizations that are formed for the purpose of suing , and they view the legal system as a system for making money and then use it to fund additional lawsuits , ” Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) attorney Jennifer Granick told the Post .
“ At least the RIAA was a real organization , ” she added .
Adding to the interest value of the case is that the most prominent of the filmmakers behind the suit is Uwe Boll , widely known as “ the world ’s worst director . ”
“ This month , Boll found a new revenue source : mass lawsuits against P2P downloaders in US federal court , ” Ars Technica reported in April .
“ The first suit from Achte / Neunte Boll Kino Beteiligungs GmbH targets ‘ Does 1-2,094 ’ over their alleged sharing of Far Cry on BitTorrent networks .
The move is part of a new international approach to recouping some of the money believed lost to online piracy .
It is spearheaded in the US by a new entity calling itself the US Copyright Group , which has filed a host of such lawsuits in recent weeks against P2P users , mostly involving smaller independent films .
The Hollywood Reporter first noted the lawsuit campaign , which is n’t designed so much to stop piracy as to monetize it . ”
“ Boll ’s specialty is optioning gaming franchises with built - in name recognition , ” Wired explained in 2006 , “ then somehow managing to snag high - profile actors … .
He is also a savvy businessman .
His production company , Boll KG , exploits a German tax loophole , so even when he films an English - language movie in Canada … his financiers get a fat write - off from the German government . ”
“ Like a modern - day Ed Wood , or a poor man ’s Michael Bay , ” the story continued , “ Boll appears competent in every aspect of filmmaking except the actual making of the film .
His movies are haphazardly scripted , sloppily edited , badly acted and , most crucially , brutally received .
Out of 350,000 - plus films rated by users of the encyclopedic movie site Internet Movie Database , Boll ’s three game flicks all rank in the bottom 100 .
Critics , especially the legion of armchair Eberts who post scathing reviews on the Web , have made a sport out of beating up the director . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The US Copyright Group , which is leading the lawsuits , began by identifying the Internet addresses of thousands of individuals who had downloaded movies from filesharing websites and then subpoenaed their service providers to obtain their identities .
Verizon and Comcast have complied with the subpoenas , and some of those receiving “ pre-litigation cease and desist orders ” have already chosen to pay $ 1500 to $ 2500 to settle out of court , rather than face a potential penalty of $ 150,000 per download .
Time Warner Cable , however , is resisting the subpoena on the grounds that it would be burdensome and costly to supply the requested data , and the brief filed by EFF , Public Citizen , and the Washington chapter of the American Civil Liberties union is intended to support Time Warner in the case .
The primary argument raised by the advocacy groups is that there is no justification for filing a single case against thousands of individuals who are linked only by having downloaded the same movie .
“ By requiring those sued to defend these cases in D.C. , regardless of where they live , and by having thousands of defendants lumped into a single case , the USCG has stacked the deck against the defendants , ” EFF attorney Corynne McSherry explained .
ADVERTISEMENT
The brief also raises the issue of online anonymity , noting that “ robust protection for the right to engage in anonymous communication — to speak , read , view , listen , and / or associate anonymously — is fundamental to a free society .
…
Courts in this District have recognized that First Amendment protections extend to the anonymous publication of expressive works on the Internet even where , as here , that publication is alleged to infringe copyrights . ”
It further notes that courts “ have recognized that … at the outset of the litigation , the plaintiff has done no more than allege wrongdoing , and mere allegations generally do not overcome a privilege .
They have further recognized that a serious chilling effect on anonymous speech would result if Internet users knew they could be identified by persons who merely allege wrongdoing , without necessarily having any evidence thereof , or any intention of carrying through with actual litigation . ”
Ada-Python Binding
Introduction
The concept of multi-language development allows developers to build their systems in a way that reaps the benefits of various programming languages without necessarily tying one 's hands with any single solution .
When one size does not fit all , the combination of paradigms and approaches can prove to be a very effective alternative .
Most of the programming languages provide some means for interfacing with code written in other languages .
This article presents the scaffolding for binding between Ada and Python - the particular use case involves a utility library that is written in Ada and that is used from Python .
This scheme reflects the typical usage patterns of these two languages , where Ada can provide reliable infrastructure foundations for a bigger system that is " glued " together by a set of Python scripts .
The technique presented here builds on the ability of Ada to expose C - style interfaces and the ability of Python to call functions from dynamically loaded libraries .
An important property of this technique is that language concepts are not mixed across the language boundary - that is , there is nothing specific to Python in the Ada layer and that there is nothing specific to Ada in Python scripts , so that both sides can be independently reused or replaced by other solutions .
The example was tested on Mac OS X and Linux Debian systems with the GNAT compiler and should be easy to reproduce on other similar systems .
The Ada library
A very simple Ada library is enough to show the concepts - let 's suppose a single package exposing an important " hello " functionality :
-- file : ada_module.ads package Ada_Module is procedure Say_Hello ; pragma Export ( C , Say_Hello , " say_hello " ) ; end Ada_Module ;
In the above specification the Say_Hello procedure is marked as exported , which forces the compiler and linker to use the C calling convention as well as create the appropriate entry in the resulting library file .
The implementation of this package should not be surprising :
-- file : ada_module.adb with Ada.Text_IO ; package body Ada_Module is procedure Say_Hello is begin Ada.Text_IO.Put_Line ( " Hello from Ada ! " ) ; end Say_Hello ; end Ada_Module ;
The library has to be built as a shared library in order to later allow the Python interpreter to dynamically load it .
The following GNAT Project Manager script takes care of proper compilation :
-- file : ada_module.gpr project Ada_Module is for Source_Dirs use ( " . " ) ; for Object_Dir use " obj " ; for Library_Name use " ada_module " ; for Library_Dir use " lib " ; for Library _Kind use " dynamic " ; for Library_Interface use ( " Ada_Module " ) ; for Library_Auto_Init use " False " ; end Ada_Module ;
An important setting above is the Library_Interface value , which defines the set of package names that are to be treated as a public interface of the library - this is what makes the whole a stand - alone library and what additionally forces the binder to include the module intialization and finalization routines that will be called later on to properly set up the library in the enclosing process .
The build process can be invoked with the command :
$ gnatmake - Pada_module
On the Mac OS X system the result of the build is a new file libada_module .
dylib in the lib directory .
On other POSIX - like systems the likely file extension will be . so instead .
The Python layer
Having the Ada library properly compiled and assuming that the DYLD_LIBRARY_PATH ( that will be LD_LIBRARY_PATH on Linux ) environment variable is set up so that both the dynamic module and the GNAT run-time libraries are on the list , it should be possible for Python to load the new module .
One of the most useful standard packages in Python is ctypes , which allows to dynamically load libraries and to create callable entities based on the given symbol name .
The following single script demonstrates the use of ctypes package with the previously compiled Ada module :
>>> import ctypes >>> ada_module = ctypes.CDLL(" libada_module.dylib " )
After importing the ctypes package , the Ada module is explicitly loaded and a new " handle " is created that represents the whole library - this handle can be used to call module functions by name .
There are two " magic " functions that should be executed in order to properly initialize and finalize the Ada module - these are ada_moduleinit and ada_modulefinal .
It should be noted that these functions return nothing and that fact has to be properly communicated at the Python level in order to prevent Python from using the non-existing return value .
The following snippet initializes the Ada part :
>>> ada_module.ada_moduleinit.restype = None >>> ada_module.ada_moduleinit( ) >>>
The Say_Hello procedure in Ada has no parameters and returns nothing - similarly to the initialization function , that fact has to be stated :
>>> ada_module.say_hello.restype = None
At this point , the Python layer has enough knowledge to properly call the Ada function :
>>> ada_module.say_hello( )
Hello from Ada ! >>> for i in range ( 5 ) : ... ada_module.say_hello( ) ... Hello from Ada ! Hello from Ada ! Hello from Ada ! Hello from Ada! Hello from Ada ! >>>
In principle , the module should be finalized before being unloaded .
Even though in the majority of cases it is not strictly necessary to do so at the end of the Python script ( or the interpreter interactive session ) , the following commands finalize the Ada module :
>>> ada_module.ada_modulefinal.restype = None >>> ada_module.ada_modulefinal ( ) >>>
Moving forward
Obviously , the above example is very simple .
It does , however , present the conceptual scaffolding that allows to build much more elaborate systems .
The part that requires particular attention is the set of types that can be used for parameter passing in the Ada module - in principle these should be limited to the set that is foreseen for C interfacing in Ada .
Another important aspect of inter-language interfacing is the use of exceptions - these should be avoided across the language boundary , as it is not likely that they will be properly interpreted in a foreign language context .
The Annex B of the Ada Reference Manual is the relevant source of information related to interfacing between Ada and other languages .
See the ctypes documentation for details on handling dynamically loaded native libraries at the Python level .
Last but not least - read also the next part of this article : Ada -Python Demo .
In reporting on the BP oil spill , the media has at times taken liberties in the use of unexplained technical terminology .
In the interests of helping readers more easily follow the environmental disaster still unfolding in the Gulf of Mexico , here is a basic glossary of oil spill - related terms :
Berms
( noun , pl. )
A wall or barrier of sand , ordinarily used to protect against flooding in coastal regions , but now being used to stop oil from washing up on beaches in Gulf Coast states .
In context : " [ Gov. Bobby Jindal ] called on the federal government to approve a plan to build sand berms to protect the bayou country . " — New York Times
Blowout preventer
( noun ) Known in industry circles as a BOP , this is essentially an enormous safety valve that automatically seals the well if there is a problem .
It failed to work on the Deepwater Horizon rig .
In context : " BP investigators are trying to determine whether any modifications to the blowout preventer that apparently failed to halt the Gulf of Mexico oil spill may have affected its operation " — Houston Chronicle
Booms
( noun , pl. ) Plastic or cloth flotation devices , linked together in a chain , designed to stop surface oil slicks from washing inland .
One of the methods local communities are using to prevent oil coming to shore .
In context : " At Blind Bay Louisiana and elsewhere , oil has drifted under or over the booms onto land . " — Reuters
Cement plug
( noun ) A layer of cement placed inside the well during drilling to prevent methane gas from leaking up the pipe .
An incorrectly installed cement plug is at the center of the dispute between well owner BP , rig owner Transocean and contractor Halliburton over what caused the explosion .
In context : " One focus of the Senate hearing into the Deepwater Horizon disaster was why the final step in the cementing process — putting a cement plug in the well more than a mile below the sea surface — was n't performed . " — Wall Street Journal
Containment cap
( noun )
The custom - built collection device that was placed over the gushing oil well on June 3 .
The bell - shaped structure is engineered to create a seal over an open pipe atop the blowout preventer , and funnel leaking oil up to a tanker ship floating above .
BP says the containment cap is now trapping between 11,000 and 15,000 barrels of oil a day .
In context : " A newly - installed containment cap on the stricken BP rig is helping to limit the leak " - Press Association
Dispersants
( noun , pl. )
Chemicals applied directly to spilled oil to break up slicks and make oil disperse into the water .
BP has been using a dispersant called Corexit , but the EPA is concerned about the chemical 's toxicity and has asked BP to find an alternative .
In context : " BP has already dumped 700,000 gallons of the dispersant into the sea . " — ABC News
Drilling mud
( noun ) A high - density slurry composed of clay , water , minerals and chemicals that is pumped into a well to exert downward pressure on the gas and oil below and prevent them gushing out .
It is also used to cool and lubricate wells during drilling .
In context : " After an 18 - hour delay Thursday to assess its efforts and bring in more materials , BP resumed pumping heavy drilling mud into the blown - out well 5,000 feet underwater in a procedure known as a top kill . "
— AP
Fingerprinting
( verb ) Method by which oil can be determined to have originated from a particular source .
Also referred to as hydrocarbon profiling .
In context : " NOAA has also been fingerprinting the oil to determine if it is from the Deepwater Horizon spill or some other oil that may emerge from from natural oil seeps on the seafloor " - Environmental News Service
Junk shot
( noun ) Another temporary way to plug the oil leak , by injecting " solid rubbery and fibrous material " into the head of the broken well with the intention of clogging the pipe and stanching the flow .
It was one of the catalogue of failed attempts to plug the leak in May .
In context : " The goal of the junk shot is to force - feed the preventer , the device that failed when the disaster unfolded on April 20 . " — New York Times
Liability cap
( noun )
The financial cap on the amount of damages an oil company is legally required to pay for an oil spill .
It is currently set at $ 75 million , but Washington lawmakers are proposing legislation to raise the liability cap for small spills , and abolish it for larger ones .
In context : " Legislation has been introduced in Congress that would blow the lid off the liability cap and raise it to $ 10 billion " - Marketplace Report
Loop Current
( noun ) The " ribbon " of warm ocean water that flows from the Caribbean sea , loops clockwise around the Gulf of Mexico , and then washes into the Atlantic through the Florida straits .
Oil from the spill has now been sucked into it .
In context : " The slick is now being swept toward Florida 's tourist beaches and fragile coral reefs by the powerful Loop Current . " — Vancouver Sun
LMRP
( acronym ) Lower Marine Riser Package .
The section of the broken blowout preventer upon which a temporary containment cap has now been fitted .
In context : " The cap sits on the BOP 's lower marine riser package ( LMRP ) section " - BBC
MMS
( acronym ) The Minerals Management Service , the federal agency that oversees offshore drilling .
Widely criticized for failing to regulate the Deepwater Horizon rig .
Soon to be broken up into three divisions in response to the disaster .
In context : " President Obama has said MMS has been too cozy with the industry , and critics say oil and gas companies have too much say over the federal regulations . "
— New York Times
NOAA
( acronym ) The National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration .
The federal agency which monitors the condition of the oceans and the atmosphere .
In context : " In congressional testimony on Wednesday , leading scientists criticized the NOAA for ' failing to conduct adequate scientific analysis of the spill and allowing BP to obscure the spill 's true scope . ' " — Politics Daily
Relief well
( noun ) A secondary well drilled to intersect the leaking main well , allowing engineers to intercept the oil flow from the reservoir below and pump in cement and heavy fluids to stop the leak .
It is considered the most surefire method to permanently stop the leak , but will take months to complete .
In context : BP has " begun to drill a relief well a half - mile away from the leak and positioned to intercept it at 13,000 feet below the seabed . "
— AOL News
Riser pipe
( noun )
The pipe that connects an underwater wellhead to the drilling rig floating on the surface of the ocean above .
In the case of the Deepwater Horizon , the riser — now crumpled on the ocean floor — was approximately a mile long .
In context : " A drill pipe currently trapped inside the riser has reduced the flow area by an additional 10 percent . " — BP statement
Riser insertion tube tool
( noun ) Another temporary solution for plugging up an oil spill .
" Essentially an industrial - size catheter , " it partially blocks the flow of oil coming out of the riser pipe .
Has been successfully stemming some of the oil all this week .
Also known as a ... RITT .
In context : " The volume of oil and gas being collected by the riser insertion tube tool ( RITT ) containment system at the end of the leaking riser is estimated to be about 3,000 barrels a day . " — Business Financial Newswire
Skimmers
( noun , pl. )
Boats that suck in oily water off the surface of slick .
One of the methods local communities are using to clean their waters .
In context : " BP says that skimmers have already sucked up more than 14 million gallons of oily water .
The water portion of that is considered contaminated and has to be handled with care . "
— NPR
Tar balls
( noun ) Small , dark - colored pieces of weathered oil that washes up on a beach .
The NOAA says we will recognize them as the coin - size oil chunks that " stick to our feet when we go to the beach . "
In context : " There is no magic trick to making tar balls disappear .
Once tar balls hit the beaches , they may be picked up by hand or by beach - cleaning machinery . "
— NOAA
Top hat
( noun ) A two - ton containment device that , in theory , would have capped off the oil .
Introduced as an option after a larger containment device failed , but was ignored in favor of the riser insertion tube .
In context : " BP is abandoning — at least for now — plans to use to the ' top hat ' containment dome to curtail the spill . " — Newsweek
Top kill
( noun ) Another temporary method of sealing the oil well .
Essentially , it involves pumping dense mud into the blowout preventer under such high pressure that it forces the leaking oil back into the ground .
The manuever was attempted in late May , but failed .
In context : " With BP 's latest method , called ' top kill , ' the company thinks it has finally figured out a way to plug the leak . "
— WDSU
Weathering
( verb )
The physical and chemical process that changes the oil from a slick to tar balls spread over a large area .
In context : " Dilution and weathering would reduce [ the oil slick ] to some combination of thin strips of mayonnaise - like ooze mixed with tar balls . " — Miami Herald
Well bore
( noun ) A hole drilled for the purpose of extracting oil .
In other words , the actual hole in the sea floor .
In context : BP is " considering several methods of shutting down the well , including a " dynamic kill " by inserting fluids and drilling " mud " into the well bore . " — Daily Herald
Well casing
( noun ) A large pipe inserted into the well bore for structural reinforcement and to prevent oil from leaking out of the well .
( Also referred to as " casing " or " casing pipe . " )
In context : " BP engineers expressed concerns that the metal well casing the company wanted to use might collapse under high pressure . " — The Sydney Morning Herald
Well head
( noun )
The component at the surface of a well bore on which the apparatus for extracting the oil is attached .
This is the component from which the oil is leaking .
The blowout preventer is at the well head .
In context : " Reports say 210,000 gallons of oil have leaked daily into the Gulf of Mexico from this damaged well head . "
— USA Today
This article was originally published May 21
The only savers in the U.S. seem to be the investment banks .
Four of the big banks on Wall Street turned out a perfect quarter as they have managed to leverage the zero percent funds from the Federal Reserve into government securities .
At the same time , middle class Americans would be lucky to get 0.1 percent at a bank on their savings account .
Then you have Social Security coming out stating that there will be no cost of living adjustment since inflation is supposedly under control ( except for food , healthcare , and other daily use items ) .
Americans are being punished if they are savers and prudent with their finances .
The current system is based on turbo capitalism and the fuel that runs this system is debt .
Punish Saver Technique Number 1 – Transfer money from savers to big banks
The “ perfect quarter ” for the banks is really an insult to the rest of America :
“ May 12 ( Bloomberg ) — Four of the largest U.S. banks , including Citigroup Inc. , racked up perfect quarters in their trading businesses between January and March , underscoring how government support and less competition is fueling Wall Street ’s revival .
“ The trading profits of the Street is just another way of measuring the subsidy the Fed is giving to the banks , ” said Christopher Whalen , managing director of Torrance , California - based Institutional Risk Analytics .
“ It ’s a transfer from savers to banks . ”
This is a disgrace to Americans that actually bailed out these banks ( although the majority did not consent ) .
It was our representatives in D.C. , in particular the Senate that have been selling out to Wall Street for decades .
We have reached the logical conclusion here .
You get 0 percent for savings accounts at big banks that then can charge you 19 percent on a credit card .
Next , they borrow at zero and basically buy anything that yields a bit better and you have a system that ca n’t lose .
But middle class Americans have no access to this system and that is why the underemployment rate is still at 17 percent today .
Punish Saver Technique Number 2 – Beat those on fixed incomes
In 2010 Social Security offered no cost of living ( COLA ) adjustment to the millions that receive benefits :
Now many middle class Americans actually depend on Social Security as a primary source for their retirement .
No adjustments yet daily goods keep going up like food .
Many retirees might own their home outright and as local government scramble for money , they hike up taxes .
For example in California sales tax rates are getting close to 10 percent in some areas while those on fixed incomes have no adjustments .
Many on fixed incomes do n’t have the timeframe to gamble in the Wall Street casino so they want to minimize risk .
They usually stick their money into banks that offer 0.1 percent rates on savings accounts or if you are lucky , maybe 1 percent on a CD .
In other words they basically have the same return as stuffing money into a mattress .
Punish Saver Technique Number 3 – Push folks into debt serfdom with credit cards
Even though the Federal Reserve has pushed rates to near zero for big bank borrowers , they are still charging absurd rates on their credit cards :
They justify this move by recent spikes in defaults and the added risk in their borrower pool .
But they are using taxpayer money to make those daily profits !
It would be one thing if banks were lending out their own money .
Then it would be understandable if they charge high rates .
But they are using the Federal Reserve as a money launderer for cheap taxpayer money .
Anyone that can borrow at zero percent can take on absurd amounts of risk :
Do n’t you wish you had access to zero percent rates ?
That was the case for a few years during the debt bubble and consumers went crazy with vacations , cars , and buying homes they had no ability to repay .
But not everyone bought into this nonsense .
We know this is bad idea .
But somehow giving this same privilege to banks is supposed to turn out better ?
So as the economy is still in the dumps , Americans have turned to their credit card to pay for daily necessities or even higher healthcare costs .
The credit card has allowed many to consume today what they will earn tomorrow .
Roughly $ 850 billion in credit card debt is outstanding .
At a high interest rate , how much are banks making here from the new debt serfdom ?
Punish Saver Technique Number 4 – Student loan gimmicks
One incredible statistics is that for - profit schools make up 10 percent of the going college population but make up nearly 50 percent of all student loan defaults .
Instead of encouraging people to pay for part of their college , these for - profit schools leverage government debt and stick students into schools with no verifiable student outcomes .
So once these students finish , they come being worse off than poor .
They now come out with a degree one notch above a paper - mill and $ 40,000 of debt or more .
In fact , the trend in higher education has been more and more debt :
Over 90 percent of those at private for - profit schools depend on loans for their education .
So instead of educating students to be prudent with their finances , right off the bat we are teaching them that saving is for chumps ( after all , they are taking on immense amounts of money to pay for college which is a good thing , right ? ) .
Take a walk around any college and you ’ll see banks pushing credit cards at a place where students probably already have a student loan through them !
Punish Saver Technique Number 5 – Encourage 401k and stock market casino for retirement
Notice how volatile Wall Street is getting again ?
Remember that nearly 1,000 point drop a few days ago which amazingly has n’t been explained ?
Take a look at this volatility :
This is not normal .
A near 1,000 point drop in one day , and then swinging back up 600 points in the same day is not normal .
It is astounding that the American public has yet to have a solid explanation as to what occurred .
Yet this is another way savers get punished .
Those that want to save prudently and merely want a basic yield have access to very few investment vehicles .
Savings account ?
No. CDs ?
Hardly any yield .
So people go after stocks .
But even today over 50 percent of trades are done by computers .
Some have joked around that Wall Street is essentially Skynet and it is gaining consciousness to how easy it is to rob taxpayers .
Even if you personally choose to avoid the stock market , you might have your company gambling away in high flying investments .
CalPERs , the biggest public pension fund of California lost billions of dollars in horrible real estate deals .
That money will never be recovered .
In the end it is prudent savers who get punished .
The current system is failing because it has been running on pure consumption and gambling on Wall Street .
What do we need ?
Break up the big banks .
At the very least this will stop those absurd perfect quarters .
Force the Federal Reserve to increase interest rates .
They claim this will hurt the housing market .
Oh really ?
So 4 million foreclosures a year is n’t bad ?
This is a giant gimmick to hide the fact that they are basically robbing the American public blind .
The U.S. government has blocked full - fledged audits of the Federal Reserve .
By doing this , they have given Wall Street full reign on easy money without any kind of oversight .
Even Elizabeth Warren has fought valiantly to get a full audit of the TARP funds and this is only one piece of the giant $ 13 trillion in bailouts , back stops , and artificially cheap money Wall Street has gotten .
The mattress did n’t seem like a bad place for saving from 2000 to 2010 and it did n’t cost us trillions of dollars .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Follow us on Twitter !
Advertisements
The ratings troubles at Fox News continue to mount as along with the collapse of Glenn Beck , the networks entire prime time lineup is down in down in total viewers over the past year .
FNC embraced the Tea Party and saw its ratings fall 6 % , while MSNBC ’s have grown by 3 % .
In other words , since Fox News embraced the Tea Party , they have lost over 120,000 daily viewers .
According to the entire FNC prime time lineup has declined from their 2009 numbers .
In May , “ Bill O’Reilly , Sean Hannity , and Greta Van Susteren have each hit their lowest point in a year or more with the key 25 - to 54 - year - old demo . ”
O’Reilly and Hannity had his lowest numbers in the demo since January of 2009 , and Greta Van Sustern did her worst numbers since May of 2009 .
O’Reilly went from averaging 1 million viewers in the demo in November 2009 to 693,000 in May .
This is a trend that is mirrored all through the Fox News lineup .
However , none of the programs have fallen as hard or fast as Glenn Beck .
Beck ’s numbers have collapsed from a high of 3.4 million total viewers to averaging 2 million , and on his bad days 1.7 million .
In daytime viewers , Fox News is down 6 % .
In prime time , FNC is down by 7 % .
In contrast , MSNBC has seen its daytime viewers increase by 3 % , and its prime time drop by 1 % .
CNN was still hemorrhaging viewers .
They were off 16 % during the day and 22 % in prime time .
Advertisements
The sample size being used here is year to year or longer , so the comparison is based on how the network did during the same time frame the previous year .
In terms of total viewers , Fox News has lost 120,000 - 140,000 sets of eyeballs , so the question becomes , what happened ?
Last summer at this time the right wing was whipped into a fever over health care reform .
It is possible that after their defeat , many FNC viewers became dejected and abandoned the cause , but I do n’t think this provides a complete explanation .
Another possibility is that Fox News is the network equivalent of the boy who cried wolf .
They managed to boost their ratings with a campaign of Obama based fear , but as time goes on , and none of their dire predictions come true , it could be that some Fox News viewers are tuning out the drumbeat of fear .
This is plausible , but since FNC ’s audience is anti-Obama , not very likely .
The best explanation is that when FNC mirrored the Republican Party and moved farther to the right , they alienated moderate and independent conservatives .
Essentially , the same dynamic that is shrinking the Republican Party is decreasing the potential audience for Fox News .
The network has shifted from being a big tent home for conservatives to being one of the main sponsors of the Tea Party .
They are so entrenched in the movement that they went as far as to appoint one of their employees , Sarah Palin , as the Tea Party leader .
As Fox News has echoed the divisive angry language of Palin and the Tea Party , their more extremist tone turned off potential viewers .
The logic of using someone as polarizing and unpopular as Palin as bridge between the network and the Tea Partiers is dubious at best .
It is as if no one ever thought that Palin could become the same kind of anchor around the necks of Fox News and the Tea Party that she was to John McCain ’s presidential campaign in 2008 .
This is n’t to say that Palin herself is strictly to blame .
She is n’t , but she is the embodiment of what has gone wrong for both Fox News and the Tea Party .
The notion that Fox News could shift even further to the right , hire Sarah Palin , and engage in overt political advocacy , while still increasing ratings was a pipe dream akin to George W. Bush ’s dream that he could make the economy flourish by both increasing spending and cutting taxes .
Fox News embraced Palin and the far right only to see their reward be declining ratings .
The execs at FNC guessed wrong on the future direction of the country , and now they are paying the price .
The Fox News freight train is still strong , but is losing steam , because in politics , anger is a fuel that burns quickly , and has limited effectiveness .
H/T : Alternet
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
May 20th , 2010
Via : AP :
The number of people filing new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly rose last week by the largest amount in three months .
The surge is evidence of how volatile the job market remains , even as the economy grows .
Applications for unemployment benefits rose to 471,000 last week , up by 25,000 from the previous week , the Labor Department said Thursday .
It was the first increase in five weeks and the biggest jump since a gain of 40,000 in February .
The forecast had been for claims to fall by around 4,000 from the previous week .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
In 2007 , Obama ’s Secretary of Energy , had a bold pronouncement : British Petroleum was going to help save the world .
The former Stanford Professor and 1997 Nobel Laureate Stephen Chu made the comment in an interview now available on YouTube .
At the time the video was filmed , BP had just given $ 500 million to establish a bio-science research lab in coordination with the Lawrence Berkeley National laboratory .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This is a great opportunity , ” Chu remarked .
“ There ’s been a lot of excitement that ’s been growing over the last several years .
Now , we ’ve partnered with BP — we ’ll have the resources we need to carry out some of the things we want to do in order to help save the world . ”
“ Well , we ’re going to save the world in part by doing something about the energy problem , ” Chu continued , after a question about how BP would help save the world .
“ This impacts national security , this impacts economic prosperity , and most important for me this impacts stewardship of the environment , ” he added .
Xandros is based , like Ubuntu , on Debian GNU / Linux , the ultimate community distribution of Linux , but lives by a very different ethos .
Xandros has moved at its own pace , offering solutions from desktop to server , with the objective of " selling Linux into a Windows world . "
There was a short - lived community edition of Xandros , but for the most part Xandros has given the impression of keeping itself to itself , concentrating on its partnerships and enterprise sales , selling a boxed edition based on ageing but stable versions of Debian , and cranking up EOM deals with the likes of Asus - remaining on the sidelines of the Linux world , all but imperceptible to Linux users , except when it has broken ranks , to appear on the Asus Eee PC or to sign an unfriendly ' patent covenant ' with Microsoft .
The distribution is ' Windows - like ' , neatly configured , easy to use and popular with its own particular band of devotees , but contains proprietary extensions and an all but moribund release cycle .
The ' patent covenant ' with Microsoft has had a detrimental effect on Xandros ' ongoing relationships with the Linux user and developer communities .
Ostensibly the purpose of the deal with Microsoft was to licence protocols to enable Xandros ' BridgeWays and Scalix products to work with Microsoft networks .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
Northern Virginia ’s streets are set to become more dangerous as a new law takes effect enhancing the profitability of red - light - camera schemes .
The robotic ticket machines are already flashing in Arlington and Alexandria , but Arlington next month will become the first northern jurisdiction to issue tickets .
Based on the program ’s dismal results from 1999 to 2005 , there will be more people , not fewer , in area hospitals and more cars in body shops .
Take the intersection of Lee Highway and Lynn Street , where a machine once again will send traffic citations through the mail .
According to the Virginia Transportation Research Council ( VTRC ) , the total number of accidents jumped by a third when the camera went live a decade ago - including a 21 percent increase in right - angle collisions .
They were n’t just fender - benders , either , as the number of injuries climbed 14 percent .
That intersection was one of the better performers .
Adding the rest of Arlington ’s camera - monitored intersections , rear - end accidents soared 139 percent overall .
Red - light - running crashes jumped 159 percent .
Red - light - running crashes involving an injury increased 65 percent .
Angle crashes increased 53 percent .
All types of injury crashes increased 89 percent .
Total crashes increased 65 percent .
There was no decrease in any type of accident studied .
VTRC ’s analysis took advantage of the most sophisticated techniques to adjust for the influence of all relevant factors , including traffic volume .
Over the same period , accidents at camera - free control intersections dropped .
A spokesman for the Arlington County Police Department said that though she was not familiar with the VTRC report , “ other studies ” have shown decreases in accidents .
No doubt those “ studies ” were provided by the Arizona - based private vendor American Traffic Solutions , which stands to make millions on this contract .
Arlington ’s first three years of photo ticketing generated 70,050 tickets worth $ 3,525,250 .
Since then , technology has advanced to the point where ticketing vehicles making safe right - hand turns on red provides significant new revenue potential .
Other cities are counting on short yellow times to deliver big green .
Alexandria , for example , dropped the yellow time at South Patrick and Gibbon streets from 4 seconds to 3 seconds with criminal disregard for the negative effect that change will have on safety .
Virginians can take comfort in knowing that traffic tickets in the Old Dominion are only valid if properly served , which means they can toss mailed citations in the garbage without consequence .
If ticket revenue dwindles from Virginians ignoring unserved tickets , it will send a signal to politicians to stop putting their reckless greed above safety .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Computers have frequently changed the manner in which things are executed .
From labor rigorous as well as was once unachievable jobs , computers are finding a means to roughly clear up every thing furnishing individuals with the benefit they never ever had before .
The exact same pertains for faxing documents .
Presently , in contrast to utilising a fax machine , you may send fax from your computer .
Transmitting fax from your computer a lot suitable since contrasting fax machine , data transmission is n’t based on common packet switching systems .
This means that distinct from when using fax machine , do not feel strong delay as you send fax from your computer .
As you send a fax from a computer , it ultimately incorporates the net .
The effective use of Internet process enables computers very efficient in transmitting faxes .
Transmitting fax from your computer can only take a short time or just a couple of minutes .
The …
https://ia601006.us.archive.org/22/items/CrowsNestRadio-S1/ForLoveMoney.mp3
Crows Nest Radio ( Episode 105 )
When Ron Avitzur had his dream job at Apple taken away from him he chose not to accept reality .
He kept showing up even though no one was paying him to , working 100 hour weeks and convincing the other people in his office to believe in his dream .
His story is the first half of the hour long show .
Scott Bruzenak would like to get paid to make beautiful music , but in the meantime , he gets paid .
His story was recorded and produced in 2008 .
Maybe I ’ll give him a call tomorrow to record the epilogue , because I think he ’s changed jobs again .
More information is available from this link , which is a simple google search of a very unique name .
You can read Ron ’s original story here , where you can also find links to the various other multi-media retellings of “ The Graphing Calculator Story . ”
Music from the first half of the show was byChristian Bjoerklund / CC BY - NC-SA 3.0
The opening music for the show is by I , Cactus / CC BY - NC-SA 3.0
The song in between the two stories was by Amoebic Ensemble / CC BY - NC-ND 3.0
Overshare Warning :
[ [ I have yet to get paid a dime to make this podcast and I am fully aware that chances are , I never will .
Still , I plan to produce at least one episode a month until forever because it feels really good to work hard and to share .
Having said that , I want very much to earn a living wage doing this sort of work and I look forward to some shiny day when I do . ] ]
Swedish theologian Gunnar Samuelsson of Gothenburg University is making waves with his argument that Jesus was probably never nailed to a cross .
In a 400 - page paper , Samuelsson makes the case that original Latin , Greek , and Hebrew texts from the time of Homer until after Jesus ' death offer no evidence that Romans used crosses , or nails , in their " suspension punishments . "
How convincing is Samuelsson ?
( Listen to Samuelsson 's claims )
This is just a theory : Samuelsson has " caused something of an unheavenly row " with his thesis , says Theunis Bates in AOL News , and no wonder .
If he 's right that Jesus was executed by some other " gruesome execution device , " that scuttles " the defining symbol of Christianity . "
But while the New Testament really is somewhat " ambiguous about the exact method " of Christ 's death , so too is his evidence that " the Roman Empire was a crucifix - free zone . "
" Little evidence Jesus died on a cross , says scholar "
He does n't take his theory far enough : Samuelsson 's " reasoning is sound :
No literature of the time describes a cross , " says Dianna Narciso in Examiner.com .
But it 's hardly groundbreaking .
Englishman John Denham Parsons , for example , " laid out the evidence against a cross as early as 1896 . "
Samuelsson 's big problem , though , is he can't force his great " reasoning skills to the point at which his faith may be dissolved . "
" Christian scholar admits ' no historical evidence for cross ' "
Who cares how Christ died ?
It 's predictable that this study has created " yet another dividing line between Christians and non-believers , " says Mark Berman in Opposing Views .
But does it undermine basic tenets of the faith if Jesus Christ was killed on a spiked pole or a tree trunk ?
Samuelsson , a committed Christian himself , does n't think so — he just wants us to " read the text as it is , not as we think it is . "
" Pastor 's study : No real evidence Jesus died on cross "
Simon Dyer — Jun 25 , 2010
More than two years after 1,600 ducks died in Syncrude 's Aurora tailings lake , the oil sands operator has been found guilty in a high - profile court case that almost never happened .
Since the incident , the amount of tailings ( the toxic liquid waste produced by the oil sands extraction process ) has steadily increased in volume by 200 million litres , or 80 Olympic - sized swimming pools , every day to now cover an area of 170 km2 .
It raises the question : Did the ducks die in vain ?
Checks and balances left unchecked
The Edmonton Journal 's Darcy Henton summarized the evidence on just how those 1,600 ducks died in the first part of his three - part series looking at the case .
Here are the highlights from what he found : Syncrude failed to deploy duck deterrents despite reports 11 days prior to the incident that migratory birds had arrived .
The head of their bird and ecology team had no training in wildlife management .
That team was called into work two weeks later Dead ducks at Syncrude 's Aurora tailings lake than usual .
The team only worked four days out of what should have been seven - day - a - week bird deterrent coverage , and that reduction of staff and workdays was n't reported to Alberta Fish and Wildlife .
The equipment required to deploy duck deterrents — adequate number of trucks , a fleet of operational boats and the batteries ( nine - volt available in any convenience store ) — was not available .
While Syncrude claimed it was an act of God that caused the duck deaths , other oil sands operators , like Suncor , began to operate their bird deterrent systems for the 2008 migration two weeks before Syncrude workers were even called into work .
Déjà vu all over again
Checks and balances are supposed to be in place to prevent incidents like that of April 28 , 2008 .
Syncrude took a lax approach to its wildlife management responsibilities though and , as a result , more than 1,600 ducks died .
Similarly , despite the province 's Directive 074 , new rules designed to limit increases in tailings , the Energy Resources Conservation Board ( ERCB ) has approved Syncrude 's tailings expansion plans and later defended their decision , stating that Syncrude " might not have been satisfying the letter of the Directive until 2014 but they were certainly obeying the spirit of it . "
The trial that almost never was
Speaking of not holding Syncrude to the letter of the law , the company almost bypassed charges for the duck deaths .
It was only after Barry Robinson , a lawyer for Ecojustice , filed a private prosecution by an Alberta citizen against Syncrude in January 2009 that both the Governments of Canada and Alberta laid charges the following month , almost one year after the incident .
Duck struggling , covered in toxic tailings at Syncrude 's Aurora tailings lake
The verdict
The guilty verdict is significant and it 's positive .
Further , because of the negative publicity the trial has generated , Syncrude 's bizarre legal strategy and the company 's unwillingness to accept responsibility for the obvious failures in due diligence , both the oil sands industry and Syncrude have taken a reputational beating .
Albertans , Canadians and a growing international audience are casting a skeptical eye on the industry .
The trial in the court of public opinion will continue even after today 's verdict .
The guilty verdict is probably just one of many that should have come down due to wildlife deaths at oil sands sites .
It took a Freedom of Information request to determine that 164 other animals have died at these sites since 2000 , a number that undoubtedly underreports actual impacts due to monitoring gaps .
Increased monitoring , reporting and transparency are critical .
So , whether this incident was isolated is questionable and so is whether industry and government are responding appropriately .
Even if the maximum $ 800,000 is fined , it 's evidence that environmental regulations , even when they are enforced , are n't much of a deterrent .
Canadian Oil Sands
Trust , the largest owner of Syncrude with a 36 per cent stake , had a net income of $ 1.5 billion in 2008 and $ 432 million in 2009 .
In just the first quarter of 2010 , their net income was $ 165 million , or around $ 1.8 million per day .
An $ 800,000 fine would represent income from less than half a day of production for Canadian Oil Sands Trust , or likely around four hours of profit for the whole Syncrude consortium .
Bottom line - even the maximum financial penalty would be but a drop in the bucket .
Tailings lake in Northern Alberta
What needs to happen now ?
The ducks were an unfortunate result of the unacceptable waste management practices of an oil sands industry that , during 40 years of weak regulatory oversight , has produced 840 billion litres of toxic waste .
While meeting basic standards of due diligence around deploying propane cannons and other aversion strategies are important , the tailings issue is much bigger than ensuring adequate resources are available to ensure birds do n't land on toxic waste .
What we need is less toxic waste .
Syncrude is n't alone in its plans to not reduce its tailings waste and therefore not comply with Directive 074 .
An assessment conducted by the Pembina Institute and Water Matters , found Syncrude is one of seven oil sands operators that are not planning on complying with the Directive .
Whether the ERCB will enforce its own rules and reject some of these inadequate plans remains an open question .
Rhetoric from politicians and even some industry now acknowledges that tailings lakes are unacceptable , but the problem continues to grow .
We need enforcement of current rules and much stricter standards for new projects that would prohibit the creation of liquid tailings .
Otherwise , the ducks will have died in vain .
Social Security is more crucial today than ever before .
Employer - provided pensions have all but disappeared .
Income inequality rages .
Retirement savings are historically low while the cost of growing old has soared .
Most seniors depend on Social Security for the majority of their income .
Without Social Security , 40 % of elderly Americans would live in poverty .
“ FDR famously said that ‘ no damn politician can ever scrap my Social Security program ’ because it is an earned benefit funded by the workers themselves .
But he may not have anticipated a reckless president with a complete disregard for precedent , unconstrained by traditional guardrails , and influenced by a well - funded right - wing movement committed to subverting the signature program of the New Deal . ”
Now COVID is endangering seniors ’ lives and their financial security .
Fortunately , Social Security was designed for exactly the kind of “ hazards and vicissitudes ” the pandemic presents .
Breadwinners newly disabled by COVID are turning to Social Security to keep their families afloat .
When beneficiaries die from the virus , their dependents can count on the financial lifeline of survivors ’ benefits .
At the same time , analysts have rightly pointed out that the surge in Social Security claims from the pandemic may strain Social Security ’s finances at a time when the system is already fiscally challenged .
Without a boost from Congress , Social Security ’s trust fund will be exhausted by 2035 , after which the program will still pay nearly 80 % of benefits ( an outcome no one who supports Social Security wants ) .
We have endorsed landmark legislation from Rep. John Larson to keep Social Security fully solvent for the rest of this century while boosting benefits , mostly by demanding that the wealthy pay their fair share into the system like everyone else .
( Payroll contributions are currently capped at $ 137,700 in income , leaving trillions of dollars in untapped revenue that Social Security sorely needs . ) .
Unfortunately , so - called “ entitlement reformers ” want beneficiaries — some of our most vulnerable citizens — to bear the brunt of shoring up Social Security ’s finances .
Even as Social Security proves itself as a financial safety net in a time of crisis , conservatives continue to agitate for benefit cuts , such as raising the Social Security retirement age to 69 or 70 ( even though many older citizens cannot continue working that long ) or reducing cost - of - living adjustments ( COLAs ) that do n’t even keep up with seniors ’ true expenses as it is .
But some on the right want to go much further .
And President Trump has surrounded himself with them .
Despite having promised “ not to touch ” Social Security , the President listens to conservative ideologues who have long wanted to undo FDR ’s landmark program , including former budget director Mick Mulvaney , chief of staff Mark Meadows , and economic advisor Larry Kudlow .
The Heritage Foundation ’s Stephen Moore and billionaire businessman Steve Forbes also have outsized influence , not to mention Republican “ entitlement reformers ” in Congress , including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell .
While the President pays lip service to protecting Social Security , he has been enlisted in the effort to dismantle it .
The most glaring example is the President ’s unilateral ( and possibly unconstitutional ) action to defer the payroll taxes that fund Social Security through the end of the year .
This could cost the program over $ 300 billion in lost revenue , plus the interest it would have earned .
Upon announcing this executive order , the President promised to “ terminate ” payroll taxes if re-elected .
That would either bankrupt Social Security or force depend on general revenue , which would destroy the program ’s worker - funded nature and open it up to benefit cuts in the name of deficit reduction .
The Trump administration ’s campaign against Social Security did not start with the payroll tax cut .
Each of the President ’s annual budgets have called for deep cuts to Social Security Disability Insurance ( SSDI ) , with then - budget director Mick Mulvaney claiming with a straight face that SSDI is not “ part of Social Security . ”
The administration has changed the rules to make it harder for disabled Americans to continue collecting benefits , and attempted to replace the administrative law judges who decide the fate of workers ’ disability appeals with partisan political appointees .
Today ’s Social Security antagonists do not proclaim their outright hostility to the program and instead speak of “ saving ” or “ reforming ” it .
Naturally , “ reforming ” really means some form of benefit cuts or privatization .
They try to shatter the intergenerational compact at the heart of Social Security by cynically telling millennials that the program will not be there when they retire .
Conservatives must feel compelled to employ these misleading tactics because they know that 85 years after its enactment , Social Security is still enormously popular with the public .
Poll after poll shows that Americans across party lines want to see Social Security protected , not cut , privatized , or compromised .
In a recent survey of our own membership , 88 % of respondents opposed cutting payroll taxes for Coronavirus relief .
FDR famously said that “ no damn politician can ever scrap my Social Security program ” because it is an earned benefit funded by the workers themselves .
But he may not have anticipated a reckless president with a complete disregard for precedent , unconstrained by traditional guardrails , and influenced by a well - funded right - wing movement committed to subverting the signature program of the New Deal .
President Roosevelt may not have imagined a successor more than 80 years later publicly promising to “ terminate ” the payroll taxes that were supposed to protect the program from being “ scrapped . ”
On this anniversary , we must renew our commitment to preserving and expanding Social Security in the face of these relentless efforts to undermine it .
Fortunately , the broader public — those who paid for , depend on , and cherish their earned benefits — have an opportunity to elect new leaders who will protect seniors , the disabled , and their loved ones against the “ hazards and vicissitudes ” of life that President Roosevelt understood so well .
Republican Senate candidate Chuck DeVore said Friday that “ the liberal media ” had accused him of “ a Blumenthal moment ” — a reference to Connecticut Atty .
Gen. Richard Blumenthal ’s admission this week that he had misspoken about his military record in the Vietnam War era .
A Times report Friday said the Irvine assemblyman , who spent 24 years in the California Army National Guard and U.S. Army Reserve , mentioned during a March candidate debate that he was “ shot at in Lebanon ” without making it clear that the incident occurred in 1984 while he was a student and a reporter for the Orange County Register on a media tour .
Another journalist who was on the tour contradicted DeVore ’s statement that “ the Syrians shot at us and kind of drove us off the hill . ”
Former ABC
News correspondent Bob Zelnick told The Times that nothing he “ saw or experienced could reasonably be interpreted as our having been driven off the hill by Syrian fire . ”
DeVore stood by his account at an appearance before a group of Republican women in Riverside .
He played portions of the tape that he recorded during the 1984 incident .
It included sounds of gunfire , narration from DeVore and discussion with the men he describes as the Israeli soldiers who accompanied the group .
DeVore provided his own narration during the Riverside event .
After listening to one of the popping rounds of gunfire , he told the audience : “ Hear how quiet everything got after that ?
It ’s because they were whistling over our heads at that point . ”
“ Hear that ?
That ’s the Israeli officer going : OK , we ’re through .
You ’re all off the hill . ”
The officer ’s words are difficult to decipher on the tape , which DeVore has posted on his website .
Though DeVore ’s transcript says the officers “ were clearly concerned for our safety , ” on the tape it sounds like the officer could have said , “ OK , are we all through ? ”
A transcript of the tape sent to a Los Angeles Times reporter indicated that DeVore was laughing during the incident , and others were making light of it .
DeVore said his campaign distributed the tape to the media “ so I could prove to them that I ’m not a liar . ”
“ The liberal media is now accusing me of a Blumenthal moment , ” DeVore said .
And it ’s like — excuse me ? ”
maeve.reston@latimes.com
Photo : Sandro ; Styling by Tony Bryan ; Grooming by Randy Wilder
Of all the challenges Conan O’Brien faces on his nationwide “ Legally Prohibited From Being Funny on Television ” tour ( translating his talk - show aesthetic into a live comedy performance ; avoiding coming off as a sore loser ) , the biggest challenge might be self - inflicted : having to step onstage every night in the wake of his opening act , Reggie Watts .
Watts , a star of New York ’s alt - comedy scene , is the kind of comedian who tends to close shows .
His sets are loud , disorienting bouts of improvised anti-comedy .
He is , in many ways , the opposite of O’Brien , as both a performer and a being .
O’Brien is gangly and pale ;
Watts is chubby and dark .
O’Brien has an ironic post–Tonight
Show beard and that signature little flip of orange hair ; Watts has a huge asymmetrical Afro that blends into a beard as thick and dark as good - quality garden loam .
O’Brien approaches comedy , famously , as a writer , spending hours preparing each moment onstage .
Watts improvises his act so thoroughly that , if a hard - core fan were ever to request a favorite old bit , Watts would probably have no idea what he was talking about .
Over the past seventeen years , Conan has established himself as one of America ’s most stable comic voices .
Watts builds his comedy out of radical instability :
He switches so fluidly among different accents and personae ( soprano , baritone , Californian , Cockney ) that it ’s hard to tell what the real person even sounds like .
Conan , in other words , is a recognizable type of comedian : a subspecies of the genus Letterman .
Watts is like a character Conan might have invented — half - man , half - astral - funk Muppet .
Their partnership , however , is neatly symbiotic .
Watts lends Conan underground credibility while Conan gives Watts national exposure — he ’s probably the highest - profile opening act in the country right now .
And it seems to be working out .
Through its first month and a half , Conan ’s tour has drawn rave reviews , and Watts has inspired thousands of delightedly surprised testimonials on YouTube and Twitter .
He embodies the paradox of the cult star : a charismatic , powerfully original performer who probably deserves to be super - famous but whose originality disqualifies him from all the usual channels of super - fame .
A fellow comedian recently called him “ Black Galifianakis , ” mainly because of his beard , but the affinity goes deeper .
Zach Galifianakis was also an anti-comedian revered among Brooklynites before he broke out nationally as a star of The Hangover and a host of Saturday Night Live .
As the Conan tour nears its end ( it hits Radio City Music Hall this week and finishes June 14 in Atlanta ) , we might be witnessing the birth of Reggie Watts as a national phenomenon : Galifianakis 2010 .
I first saw Watts perform last March at MoMA — an unusual comedy venue , but appropriate for someone who pushes so hard against the traditional limits of the form .
He was headlining a variety show in one of the museum ’s small subterranean theaters , and his twenty - minute set contained as much variety as the rest of the acts combined .
Its opening was unpromising : Watts walked onstage in a tight red T - shirt and suspenders and started bumbling , in a refined British accent that I took to be his natural speaking voice , through some awkward small talk .
“ We ’ve come quite a bit of the way here already , ” he said , “ and we ’re just getting started . ”
He paused .
“ It ’s one of those years , you know ?
And , uh , I think a lot of us can feel — and agree — to most everything that we ’re here , within ourselves , this evening … ” It took a few sentences to figure out that this aimlessness was , in fact , the performance itself .
He was building , phrase by phrase , a structure of deliberately failed logic , with each piece related just enough to follow the last but not quite enough to make sense with the whole .
It was gourmet word salad — a brilliantly sustained comedy filibuster .
Gradually the crowd adjusted , and Watts ’s pauses filled with increasing laughter .
“ We , more than any other time , ” he continued , “ and I mean this when I say this — more than any other time , we ’ve been here , right now .
You know ? ”
He spoke , haltingly , about polycarbonates and the landfill system , cited fake authorities ( “ French and Saunders once said … ” ) , referred to the MoMA as the Whitney , and snuck in , out of nowhere , a near - perfect impression of Bill Cosby .
Occasionally , with a straight face , he ’d substitute a bizarre series of noises for a word , or his voice would cut in and out while his mouth kept moving , so it looked like the microphone was malfunctioning .
It was like a seminar on public speaking gone wrong .
Soon the crowd had fully acclimated , and Watts was officially killing .
The absurd monologuing was an act in itself , and most comedians would have stopped there .
But Watts took things to another level .
Several times during the set he broke into music — creating songs , layer by layer , using only his voice and a little machine called a loop pedal .
He beat - boxed , hummed , clicked , sang , and rapped ; he mixed rock , hip - hop , techno , opera , Broadway , church hymns , and soul .
The nonsensical talking blended into the music , and the music blended back into the talking , with no connective thread other than that it all seemed to be emanating from the mouth hole at the approximate center of Watts ’s wild halo of hair .
He looked , at times , like someone suffering a seizure from an overflow of incompatible talents .
By the end of his set , he was doing whatever is better than killing — double - homiciding , mass - murdering .
Photo : Rob Loud / Getty Images
For the record , Watts ’s natural speaking voice is pure neutral delocated middle - class American — a little higher than I expected , a little nasal .
“ I think that when people seek any form of self - education , ” he told me , “ their accent just kind of neutralizes .
It gets closer to a newscaster . ”
We were speaking in his manager ’s office in the Village , the week before he left on the Conan tour .
He wore blue - and - red - striped suspenders , a gray T - shirt that read CREATIVE CAPITAL , and black jeans rolled up at the ankles .
His mustache curled up inexplicably on one side .
Each of his pinkie nails was long and painted — one pink , the other black .
I asked Watts how many different accents and personae he has .
He said he ’s not sure ; it ’s an unstable crew .
But he estimated that he ’s spent half his life speaking in a British accent , of which he has four or five main variations .
Then , without prompting , he started to demonstrate them .
( Talking with Watts is like watching a mellow version of his stage show . )
There was an educated Londoner ( “ very kind of subtle ” ) , a thick , sludgy working - class voice ( “ you ’re trying to understand the properties of cheese , you want to put it on your biscuits ” ) , a hyper Cockney ( “ let ’s go out like for a pint or wha’ever , catch some o’ them birds , y’know what I mean , we could talk forevah about these birds ” ) .
He also has what he calls “ European in general , ” plus deliberately terrible Irish and Australian accents , sci-fi robots , a range of feminine voices , and a whole crowd of Americans : New Jersey cabbies , effeminate southern men , his grandfather from Cleveland .
“ They just kind of pop into my head , ” he said .
“ It just happens .
Sometimes I ’ll be channeling a voice that I heard on the subway .
Some of it ’s just based on types of people , lifestyles .
I do n’t really practice at all .
I ’m always riffing throughout the day , cracking jokes with friends .
I kind of fall into it . ”
Suddenly he started speaking like a West Coast Wiccan girl , in a voice that oozed patchouli and druid crystals .
“ You know like the spirit world is so crazy ? ” he said .
“ Because Gaia is like a full - being sentience ?
And we are the stewards of it ?
And Shilanqua was talking to me yesterday about the burn and our responsibilities to clean up after we ’ve been in camp ?
And base camp was 30 feet away and Trinity was like , ‘ How come you did n’t bother to come to the morning temple ritual ? ’ ” And on and on and on and on .
Reggie Watts ’s childhood seems to have been engineered to produce a comedian exactly like Reggie Watts .
He was born in Germany , in 1972 , to a French mother and an African - American father .
His mother spoke little English , so Watts grew up fluent in French .
By age 4 he ’d also lived in Spain and Italy — his dad was in the Army — which means his brain ’s language centers got exposed , at a crucial period , to most of the accents of Europe .
( Onstage , he ’ll occasionally launch into braided streams of French , Spanish , German , and Italian . )
He spent the rest of his childhood in Great Falls , Montana , a place that must have seemed exotic in its mundanity .
At 5 he started studying classical piano , adding yet another language — music — to his repertoire .
( He studied jazz in college , and has played with several rock bands , opening for Regina Spektor , Dave Matthews Band , and the Rolling Stones . )
Because of his childhood culture - hopping , Watts says , he grew up with anthropological tendencies .
He did n’t so much inhabit the world as study it .
“ I always tried to find the causality of why things are the way they are , ” he told me .
At home he ’d take his toys apart .
At school he ’d invent backstories to explain why bullies were so mean , or he ’d drive his teachers crazy by interrogating them about why they had become teachers .
He became a connoisseur of what he calls “ in - between ” moments — times when he was immersed in a situation but could also see it from the outside .
Despite his familiarity with music , for example , he found himself looking around in wonder during school orchestra practice .
“ Here I am in second violin section — the conductor getting up and tapping the baton , ” he said .
“ And all these people with horsehaired wooden sticks and strings , looking at a bunch of symbols on a piece of paper .
And the bass players are tall and look like their instruments , and the cellists have long hair and look like cellists .
I ’m sitting there like , What is this ? ”
Watts always felt not of this world .
“ For most of my life I ’ve liked to pretend I live in a starship .
Punching in fake codes to get into doorways that obviously are not secure . ”
( He makes some sci - fi door noises : Bee do do deep .
Psshhhh . )
“ I love that idea of living on a spaceship .
Because essentially we are : a gigantic thing floating in some infinite darkness that ’s running on principles that we do n’t even understand . ”
Onstage , Watts likes to make fun of observational comedy .
He ’ll slip into a low , drawling , American voice and say things like : “ Women be crazy … Now here ’s a scenario .
A woman be , like , sittin ’ down in the chair and shit ?
You know what I ’m saying ?
And she might , like , get up at some point , you know ?
And walk out a door and some shit ? ”
Long pause .
“ Know what I ’m sayin ’ ?
That ’s fucked up . ”
But Watts ’s own comedy is actually — in a unique way — hyperobservational .
He notices things , the more trivial the better , and plays them for improbable laughs .
It ’s less a stand - up act than a public report on his decades - long ethnographic study of human behavior .
“ I like talking about mechanisms , ” he told me .
“ Because it ’s kind of absurd .
It ’s not trying to be noticed , it ’s trying to be transparent . ”
He wrings a lot of humor , for instance , out of the way performers adjust their microphones .
He ’ll pick one up and start untwirling the cord from the mike stand , and then he ’ll keep doing it for twenty seconds , exaggerating the motion until it turns into its own little dance .
Or he ’ll sit at a piano and , before singing , fall into an almost Chaplinesque struggle with his mike stand ’s tension knobs .
He recently got onstage after a string of more - traditional stand - up comedians and performed a silent set — moving his lips , mimicking the gestures and rhythms of stand - up , even pausing between silent jokes to wait for the crowd to laugh .
Compared to his topical contemporaries ’ , Watts ’s comedy can seem purely absurd , derived from the world but not of the world .
It ’s like Richard Pryor with the human content surgically extracted .
But Watts ’s nonsense actually makes a strange kind of social sense ; his incongruity is congruent with the development of American culture over the past ten years .
It ’s comedy for the Internet era : this infinite fracture that forces us to be fluent in a million discourses , and to speak them one on top of another .
Watts parodies that , dropping us in and out of discussions already in progress , never relating or resolving them — showing us all what we ’ve done to logic , and how silly it is .
He treats knowledge wiki style , feeding the audience false information , as when he recently told a crowd in Seattle that the Space Needle was built in 1993 .
He assumes a ridiculous intimacy with audiences , talking to them as if they ’ve grown up with him :
“ Do you guys remember when we went on that field trip … Remember when Brian got in trouble ? ”
Watts described his method to me as “ culture sampling . ”
He picks templates , he says — a scientific lecture , a corporate report , hipster gossip — and then fills them out , off the top of his head , like Mad Libs .
When I asked if he ’d ever considered writing material in advance , he basically recoiled .
“ No .
That would suck . ”
He talks about the process of improv in quasi-mystical terms , as a kind of spiritual jazz — a way to honor the world through mindfulness .
All his ideas come , he says , from being alert to his environment and opening his mind to something he refers to as “ the Source . ”
“ Improvising music has helped me a lot , ” he said .
“ Music is very similar to comedy :
It ’s all about texture , timing , context , vocabulary , performance .
When someone ’s onstage doing a solo , essentially it ’s the same thing as what a comedian does .
They ’re in the moment .
They ’re listening .
The environment is giving you stuff constantly : a woman yelling something , an animal making a weird sound in the forest , a window being rolled up , static on a radio .
Someone turns to you and says something in the same key as the radio .
If you pay attention to the world , it ’s an amazing place .
If you do n’t , it ’s whatever you think it is . ”
As the world will presumably discover , now that it ’s beginning to pay attention to Reggie Watts .
In late June , two important events related to renewable energy took place .
On June 24 , the Senate passed changes to the government 's renewable energy target , removing the bias towards small - scale energy systems that put many wind farm projects on hold .
The scheme set a 20 % renewable energy target by 2020 .
The changes created a Small Scale Renewable Energy Scheme ( SRES ) and a Large Scale Renewable Energy Target ( LRET ) .
The SRES was left uncapped with a fixed renewable energy credit price , with regular reviews aimed at reducing this figure in the future .
The LRET is projected as 41,000 gigawatt hours ( GWh ) by 2020 , ensuring that most of the government 's target of 45,000GWh is made from large scale systems .
This sounds like an important step forward , and it will give a boost to the wind industry .
With 11GW of wind projects already in the pipeline , and wind energy being the lowest cost renewable energy source in Australia , it is expected that wind will make up most of the LRET .
However , the fine print reveals even the modest target of 20 % is unlikely to be met .
The 20 % figure is only based on current electricity demand — 256 terawatt hours ( TWh ) — not the actual estimated demand in 2020 .
Moreover the government 's discussion paper on the changes , released in March 2010 , projected no growth in renewable energy between 2020 and 2030 .
That is , it is expected Australia will still only have 45,000 GWh of renewable energy generated in 2030 , or just 12 % of energy production .
On top of this , Australia is yet to have its first large - scale solar plant .
In contrast to these policies , the Zero Carbon Australia Stationary Energy Plan was launched on June 22 in Canberra .
The project , a joint collaboration between the Melbourne University Energy Institute and Beyond Zero Emissions , sets the ambitious target of 100 % renewable energy by the end of 2020 .
The plan provides a comprehensive roadmap for replacing all of Australia 's stationary energy ( including a fuel - switch to renewable electricity for heating and transport ) within 10 years .
The report is the culmination of 12 months of work by engineers , scientists , researchers and others , who volunteered their time to perform a study that no Australian government was prepared to undertake .
The plan uses only commercially available technology that is proven and reliable , particularly large onshore wind turbines and Concentrated Solar Thermal ( CST ) technology .
Wind power from 23 new wind farms is proposed to meet 40 % of the forecast electricity demand and 12 solar thermal regions are proposed to meet 60 % of demand .
The centrepiece of this plan is CST , particularly the “ power tower ” technology in conjunction with a molten salt storage system .
The fossil fuel industry invests a lot of time and money into promoting the message that renewables can't provide baseload power , because “ the sun does n't shine at night and the wind does n't blow all the time ” .
However , power towers with storage are capable of supplying 24 - hour baseload power , and countries like Spain and the US are already installing thousands of gigawatts of capacity right now .
Instead of digging up thousands of tonnes of coal to boil water , CST harnesses the free power of the sun .
The solar power towers work with a molten salt storage system , where the sun is reflected on a central receiver at the top of a tower to heat molten salt to above 565ºC .
The molten salt then flows to a nearby tank that acts like a giant thermos that can store the fluid with minimal heat losses for 18 or more hours .
When electricity is needed , the salt is sent to a heat exchange to make steam , which is expanded through a turbine designed for rapid start - up .
This system would work well with the proposed distributed wind network by providing back - up for wind energy low - wind periods .
Additionally , periods of high wind allow the CST plants to keep more molten salt in storage for later use .
The plan also involves a serious upgrade in Australia 's transmission infrastructure to create a single national grid and a plan to reduce per capita energy use by 33 % , bringing Australia in line with other first world countries .
It will also result in the creation of at least 155,000 jobs in construction , operation and maintenance , as well as manufacturing .
The real figure is likely to be higher with more jobs needed in planning , design and education .
Germany 's renewable industry already employs 300,000 people .
The required investment to achieve this transition in 10 years is $ 370 billion , which could come from a mix of commercial and public sources .
This equates to $ 37 billion per year over 10 years .
While this sounds like a lot of money , the reality is that Australia 's existing energy infrastructure is getting old and in need of replacement .
Based on estimates from government energy bodies such as the Australian Bureau of Agriculture and Resource Economics ( ABARE ) , the report has found that the required investment , fuel , operation and maintenance costs needed to sustain Australia 's existing fossil fuel power infrastructure would be “ $ 500 billion ( Net Present Costs ) over the period 2011 – 2040 which is roughly equivalent to … the [ Stationary Energy ] Plan ” .
When the costs of oil and carbon emissions are factored in ( in the advent of a carbon price ) the plan will amount to a $ 1600 billion saving by 2040 .
With plans around the country for new coal and gas fired power stations and expansion of the fossil fuel resource industry , the choice between two possible energy futures could not be starker .
As the report states , “ social and political leadership is now required in order for the transition to begin ” .
[ Trent Hawkins , the Socialist Alliance candidate for Wills , is a mechanical engineer working in the renewable industry and is one of the authors of the Stationary Energy Plan .
A 16 page synopsis of the plan is available online at www.beyondzeroemissions.org .
The full - length plan will be launched on July 14 at Melbourne University . ]
Yossi Benayoun has , according to reports , agreed to join Chelsea on a four - year contract from Liverpool , although it is believed that both clubs have yet to agree a fee .
Chelsea have reportedly been pursuing the Israeli international for some time and see him as an ideal replacement for Joe Cole , who will leave the club next month after failing to agree terms on an extension to his deal at Stamford Bridge .
Benayoun has been a moderate success at Liverpool since joining for £ 5 m in July 2007 but is believed to have fallen out with the former manager Rafael Benítez during the last campaign and has been looking to leave Anfield ever since .
According to the Israeli Sport 5 website , the 30 - year - old has finalised personal terms with the Premier League champions , but the move is far from completed .
Chelsea , it is believed , do not want to spend more than £ 4 m on the player while Liverpool want closer to £ 10 m .
Liverpool are currently without a manager following the departure of Benítez earlier this month and it is also possible that his replacement , widely expected to be Roy Hodgson , could demand that Benayoun remains at the club .
It is likely , though , that a compromise will be reached shortly that will see the former West Ham player return to London .
AMBER , A FOSSILIZED TREE RESIN
THE SWEDISH AMBER MUSEUM
The Swedish Amber Museum in Kämpinge is close to sandy beaches in the southwestern corner of sweden .
When the storms begin in the autumn , the local people head for the beach to search for the " Gold of the North " .
Maps at the museum give a hint about good locations .
Anyone can find a pebble , but the 1 kilo pieces and bigger are very rare .
Amber from coastal erosion is transported along the shores of all the countries around the southern Baltic Sea .
Its weight is slightly heavier than the water in the Baltic Sea .
It floats like a soap on the bottom , following the streams until it comes up on the shore or sinks in shallow water .
Sometimes it is mined in clay deposits or found among the quartz sand .
In saturated salt water it floats .
( Melt a couple of spoons of salt in a cup of water and test your amber . )
HISTORY AND TRADE
The museum shows artifacts from the Stone Age through the Viking Age , to the jewelry of today .
During the Middle Ages , prayer beads were exported as the main product of tooled Baltic amber .
From the 16th century into the 18th century , bracelets , necklaces , containers , boxes , bowls , plates , flutes , buttons , mouth pieces for pipes , chess sets , watch cases and even luxury interior fittings were made using amber .
The bulk of the amber trade took place in Königsberg and Danzig , modern Russia and Poland , respectively .
In Rome , during the reign of Nero , Romans travelled to the coast of germania to purchase amber .
One expedition proved so successful that a special " amber day " was arranged , where this costly item was used to decorate the gladiator games .
In the protective netting between spectators and the arena , a glittering amber ornament was placed within each knot and the actual arena was apparently strewn with amber !
During that time , the southwest coast of the Baltic Sea was the most important supplier .
The Romans maintained regular trade connections with northern Europe along the so called " Amber Routes " .
Even earlier , amber was revered by the Phoenicians , who traveled the seaway to what is today the Danish west - coast .
Grave - finds from all countries around the Baltic Sea prove that earlier amber was a common trade object to Stone Age man .
Since prehistoric times amber has thus been a readily sought after material .
Its color , luster , warmth , aroma , electric properties and background , in a scientific sense , place amber in a special category among ornamental stones .
AMBER AND MAGIC
In days gone by , amber was acclaimed to possess the power of healing .
Worn as a necklace or charm , or carried around in small bags , amber was believed to be a remedy against such ailments as gout , rheumatism , sore throats , toothache and stomach - ache .
It was also believed that amber accelerated birth and was a good remedy against snake bites .
To guard against the swapping of a new born baby , the infant it was often given an amber necklace to wear .
Amber was supposed to contain magical powers , which is why heart shaped amber charms were carried to offer protection against evil forces and help against witchcraft .
AMBER FACTS
During the Roman times , higher prices were paid for small amulets in amber than for healthy slaves .
In 79 AD , Plinius wrote that the women of northern Italy wore amber beads against thyroid .
Martin Luther carried a piece of amber in his pocket as a protection against kidney stones .
In ancient China it was customary to burn amber during large festivities .
This practice both signified the wealth of the host as well as honoring the guests .
According to Mohammed , a true believer 's prayer beads should be made of amber .
The father of healing , Hippocrates , declared amber active against a number of diseases including delirium tremens .
Over 2500 years ago , Thales of Miletos discovered that when amber was rubbed against cloth , sparks were produced and then the amber attracted husks and small wooden splinters .
This force was given the name " electricity " after the Greek word electron which means amber .
AUTHENTIC AND FALSE AMBER
In the display the Amber Museum also explains about how to tell the difference between true , treated and false amber .
Amber is often sold heated , melted and pressed or even mixed with or made from synthetic materials .
Most true Baltic amber is milky and pale under the crust .
The warm " amber " color occurs first after it has been exposed to oxygen for about a hundred years .
To make amber more attractive to the purchases , todays industrial amber jewelry producers are manipulating to get the warm brown - reddish amber color , which often also includes discs , called sunspangles .
The most common method make amber clear is to put the material under pressure and heat in an autoclave together with nitrogen .
After this procedure , it is put into an oven to obtain the sunspangles and the cognac color .
This heating and treating is made to make amber jewelry more attractive .
Baltic amber occurs naturally in a variety of colors : white , yellow , brown , black , red , green and blue .
The most common are honey - colored and milky .
A small percentages is bone white , due to microscopic gas bubbles .
The clear and translucent amber results from flowing and dripping resin .
This kind often shows layers from continuing flow on already dried resin .
The black and dirty brown colors are caused by a mix of resin , soil and plant fragments .
The most rare have a tone of green or blue caused by gas or inclusions .
If the craftsman keeps part of the natural shape , when sanding the raw amber , the crust or inclusions give a natural variety of multicolored tones .
It is possible to melt amber pebbles and press them to bigger lumps .
It then becomes harder , and less brilliant when cut .
Any color can be added in this procedure .
This pressed amber is still considered as natural amber by some producers .
PLASTIC COPIES
Since the bakelite and plastic era began early this century , there has been a number of fake amber qualities in the commercial market .
Bakelite necklaces were sold in Europe in the early twenties , when amber was in fashion .
In the markets in Morocco , North and East Africa , as well as in the Middle East and India , amber colored plastic necklaces are very common .
They are often sold as antique trade beads .
Sometimes they are old , very beautiful , large egg - yolk colored strands , but they are still plastic , and tend to be heavier than amber .
The original , real trade beads , which were distributed from northern Europe around 300 years ago , are very rare to find in the market .
It is difficult to see the difference , but if a heated needle is put into the hole of a bead , the smell of burned plastic immediately appears .
Baltic amber smells like pine resin .
Even without heating the needle , you can tell the difference .
Plastic is elastic , and the needle gets stuck in the material , but true amber is brittle and small pieces will chip off by the pressure .
A scientist from British Museum of Natural History , found a falsification in their collection .
A very well preserved fly was described as a palaeontological rarity from the beginning of the 19th century .
Someone had divided the piece and carved a concave hole and then put the fly in and covered it with an " amberlike " material before gluing the halves together again .
Since the " Jurassic Park " movie , fortune hunters from all over the world have tried to create attractive plastic - imitations with inclusions , sold as true amber .
Sometimes even mammalian hair and feathers are skillfully baked in .
They are often carved as a Buddha or other figures , sometimes presented with lumps of the same plastic material with a surface that looks like a natural amber crust .
To complete the imitation the faked raw lumps are dipped in oil with a smell of resin .
COPAL , YOUNG RESIN
Resin has always oozed to protect trees all over the world , and the process is still going on .
The older the resin is , the harder .
It takes millions of years for the resin to harden to amber .
When the resin is younger than one million years , it is called copal , a product traded as raw material for varnish and lacquer before the modem synthetic products were developed .
In New Zealand , copal was mined and exported all over the world in the beginning of the century .
Today the industrial remains are shown in museums on the North Island .
Among the large pieces in the showcases there are quite a few with perfect lizards and giant spiders enclosed , the result of a kind of melting technique used by the miners .
There are almost no inclusions in the New Zealand " Kaurigum " , opposed to the very fossil - rich copal from East Africa and Colombia .
Copal turns sticky and smells like fresh resin if heated .
It does not take a good polish and the crust comes back in a few years .
It is transparent in a champagne color and very brittle .
There are different sources in many places , varying in age from a couple of thousand years to one million years .
IS AMBER FOREVER ?
Unfortunately , amber is not forever .
Roman beads , 2000 years old , have developed a new thick crust .
The Baltic amber jewelry from the last centuries has the fine net of new crust on the surface .
It is possible to polish it , but it is very difficult with the faceted kind of jewelry that was common at that time .
Some amber from the Dominican Republic crusts already after 10 - 20 years .
In Museum für Naturkunde in Stuttgart , germany , their valuable collections of inclusions are preserved in plastic - coating to keep them from the devastating oxygen .
Only the amber deep down in geological deposits has " survived " since it oozed from the trees .
So , what is found today is only very little of all the resin the trees have produced during millions of years .
" JURASSIC PARK "
In the wake of the movie " Jurassic Park " , the interest in amber with inclusions has been increasing rapidly .
In the movie , scientists extracted DNA from dinosaur blood enclosed in the stomach of mosquitoes in amber .
Through cloning , real dinosaurs were created , and the rest of the story you probably already know .
Scientists from the British Museum of Natural History , are now after years of testing , questioning if earlier DNA extractions are conterminated .
No successful experiments proved so far .
Most amber found today was formed during the Tertiary Age , about 30 - 50 million years ago , after the dinosaurs were extinct .
In a few places such as Lebanon , New Jersey ( USA ) and Alava ( Spain ) , amber from the age of the dinosaurs ( 65 - 220 million years ago ) has been found , but in very small amounts .
REALISTIC SCIENCE
What the movie above all contributed to among scientists all over the world was an increased awareness of how extremely well inclusions in amber are preserved .
After millions of years they are visible in three dimensions , showing microscopic details clearly .
They may even show behavior or " stories " from the bottom of the prehistoric forests .
The prehistoric conifers , ( Pinus succinifera ) , from which Baltic amber originates , were growing in a subtropical climate in what today is northern Europe .
Due to its light weight , Baltic amber was an easily transportable material during the formation of bed deposits during the iceages .
Much of the amber found today has been relocated several times .
Different kinds of amber are found throughout the world .
The amber from Dominican Republic and Mexico comes from a leaf tree , which grew in tropical climate .
USA EXHIBITIONS
After showing our collection of Baltic amber at the Tucson Mineral show , the Amber Museum in Sweden has been invited to exhibit rare specimens at natural history museums all over USA .
In our exhibitions there are many pieces including 40 million year old " frozen stories " .
Some contain insects trapped in the sticky resin during their mating act ; others show behavior like ants transporting eggs or carrying away trapped prey .
Other specimens include insects caught by spiders , sometimes wrapped up in webs , microscopic arthropods on rotting leaves , fungus growing on dead substances , pollen falling out of the anthers of a flower , small mites riding on beetles and many more .
These frozen moments from the floors of the prehistoric forests can teach us much about the fauna and flora at that time .
Scientists can compare inclusions in amber with todays similar species and study the development through the ages .
The insects in amber are very much the same as the ones living today .
Their evolution began 350-400 million years ago .
When trapped , they were in the early Tertiary Age ( 30 - 50 million years ago ) , already similar in appearance to today 's insects .
The mammals were beginning to develop during this era , and a few inclusions of mammalian hair are found , as well as some bird feathers and reptile skin pieces .
Recently an entrapped lizard in amber was found in Gdansk - area , Poland .
By
LEIF BROST
Swedish Amber Museum
Fischer Motorcycles MRX – Click above to watch the video after the break
Television 's Original Automotive Magazine , MotorWeek , recently took some time out to sit down with Dan Fischer , former AMA motorcycle racer and the man responsible for Fischer Motorcycles .
In the interview and corresponding video ( see it after the break ) , Fischer stakes a claim as the only affordable American sportbike manufacturer in existence , now that Harley - Davidson sadly shut down its Buell operations
While the Fischer MRX is indeed designed and built in the United States , its heart actually comes from South Korea .
We 're fine with that , as this 650 cc powerplant is what allows Fischer to sell its wares at an attractive $ 7,995 asking price .
What 's more , the claimed 80 horsepower and 52 pound - feet of torque coupled with a fine six - speed gearbox means you wo n't really be hurting for more power on the street .
Also included in the base asking price are an adjustable Ohlins rear shock , 43 mm USD fork adjustable for compression and rebound and a made - in - the - USA one - piece frame .
Options are plentiful as well , with full Brembo front brake package , carbon fiber bodywork and forged aluminum wheels acting as stand - out items .
Want more ?
Click on past the break to watch the video .
[ Source : MotorWeek via OtherMakes.net
F1's favoured track designer Hermann Tilke will pen the new US Grand Prix circuit in Austin , Texas and a site for the track has been decided on but not made public .
A lawyer for the race 's promoter Full Throttle Productions is quoted by the local American - Statesman newspaper revealing that land has been secured .
" We 're just not ready to disclose it [ the actual location ] yet , " said Richard Suttle .
He also said regular F1 circuit designer Hermann Tilke has been appointed .
But even with the new details , doubts about the project remain , including insider sentiment that it resembles past negotiating moves deployed by F1 chief executive Bernie Ecclestone .
Until the shock news of the Austin deal emerged , Monticello Motor Club in New York was considered the front runner for a contract .
Club president Ari Straus said the 2012 start - date was the biggest surprise .
" Somebody starting from scratch would not be able to do it until 2013 , " he said .
The implication could be that if Austin is unable to be ready for 2012 , Monticello could be back in the frame for a project the following year .
" If Bernie comes back to the table , " Straus said , " Monticello is ready . "
But Austin promoter Tavo Hellmund , reportedly a friend of Ecclestone 's for decades , said he is not worried about the tight schedule for 2012 .
" If it [ the date ] slides back , it slides back , " he said .
Although mainly funded privately , the project will also enjoy some state input , with a letter to Ecclestone signed by Texas governor Rick Perry pledging $ 25 million per year from the state 's Mayor Event Trust Fund .
The Fire From Within
DMT
Citation : BIO - BLOG28 .
" The Fire From Within : An Experience with DMT ( exp22238 ) " .
Erowid.org .
Sep 27 , 2004 .
erowid.org/exp/22238
DOSE :
50 mg smoked DMT
BODY WEIGHT : 155 lb
I have always fancied myself a psychedelic adventurer , a believer in the mystical quality of the worlds surrounding us .
In the footsteps of Huxley , Leary , Metzner , Alpert , McKenna , Castaneda , and Strassman ( to name a few of the pioneers ) I walk with arms outstrecthed and wings unfurled , open to the multidude of experiences psychedelics have to offer .
My use of psychedelics has been solely for the purposes of spiritual enhancement and mental discovery .
I have tried almost all common substances with psychedelic properties and have read as much literature on the topic as possible .
My intent with any psychedelic journey is to make sense of a certain situation and / or a transformation amongst my mundane world .
I have always found profundity , cosmological insight , and a sensibility that is derived from the intricate threads of wisdom woven within the tapestries of my body and the universe .
This account I am about to give is purely in the realm of the mytho - poetic .
And by this I mean as I write this I have only put together a few of the pieces that composed my DMT experience .
My ability to reflect upon and extricate meaning from the experience can only be implemented through a poetic description because the experience was , well , poetic .
Before I get to it I want to set the stage .
I have been planning this adventure for about a year now always cautious about where my mental / spiritual / corporeal state is .
I have had astrological advisors , polarity practitioners , cranio - sacral practitioners , and close friends alike talk with me about when and when not to take DMT .
I have friends who have had many experiences with DMT and those with none .
And I valued everyones ' opinion especially those closest to me .
The only person however who knew when the best time to leap into the crack between worlds was me .
Needless to say , my mundane life had taken quite the dramatic turn of events and I had a dream that I took DMT and transformed into a Panther or some sort of large feline running through along a desert plateau .
I identify with the feline archetype and in Chinese astrology I was born during the year of the tiger .
Whern I have dreams such as this I interpret them as good omen and a time to take a psychedelic trip .
One of my best friends who personally made a batch of DMT invited me to his and his girlfriends home on the beach to take the DMT leap .
If there was anyone whom I could trust administering this drug to me it was him .
And the space that was offered to me was very warm and comfortable .
We waited until twilight , around 5:45 pm PST .
We lit the room with candles , closed all curtains , and instilled the room with silence .
I could not hear anything but a distant roll of ocean waves that were nothing less than soothing .
As I do before any psychedelic journey , I practiced some very basic yoga stretches that I have learned from Bikram and Iyengar Yoga .
And after about 10 minutes of this I faced the north , west , south , and east and said a prayer for each direction : my safety , my ability to trust , my ability to find clarity , and for my capacity to retain wisdom and understanding .
These prayers firmly established my intent for this experience and with humility and courage I sat down on the couch and let my friend administer the DMT , which he did with a glass pipe that had never been used .
His girlfriend who is also a close friend of mine was in the room as well .
Both would sit with me and hold space and make sure I was safe .
The time was 6 pm , twilight , the crack between the worlds as it were .
The first inhalation was deep and I could taste a burnt musky scent incomparable to anything I have ever tasted before .
I held in the smoke for nearly 15 seconds , exhaled and felt very light .
Upon the second inhalation I felt very dizzy and while I exhaled I fell back onto the couch lying horizontally .
My pulse rate shot way up and I was exttremely hot .
Immediately I heard a cracking in my ears followed by a loud ringing that only lasted about 10 seconds .
Silence .
My body trembled and I began breathing deeply and heavily letting out long sighs and moans .
I visually witnessed the room disappearing like an evanescent footprint on the sand slowly being washed away by the tide .
Then there was total and immense darkness .
And as though I was propelled by some inexplicable force , my body was rocketed forward in a horizontal motion faster than anything I could comprehend .
Swirls of light danced around me and I saw particles of matter all around exploding into multicolored fragments .
The terror I initally experienced was unfathomable .
I felt like I was dying and that I had no control whatsoever .
And at once , I surrendered to this death and in a sense celebrated it .
As soon as I did this I saw a strange multi-limbed entity approach me on my left , swooping in and craddling my body as though I was an infant .
It did not speak nor do I remember anything other than it had many arms .
It was very warm and non-threatening and it spoke to me with its touch and nothing more .
Its presence was extremely nurturing and it smiled with such seraphic peace and benediction .
The particles of light exploding around me , soft mercurial waves of color enveloping me and draping me with care , muslin arms holding me gently the universe expanding and contracting , angels dancing on effervescent stars , galaxies of light , sounds of butterfly wings burning , tendril tongues leaping like flames form a campfire , all derivations of geometrical patterns making reasonable the irrational .
Dewdrops slipping off of buttercups , a warm desert breeze , a cactus field of great saguaros and ox tongues swaying gently as sheets of stars pass above , careening archetypes appearing and disappearing in front of me : a Pirandellonian clown , a giant black horse with a honey colored mane , an archer with an inviting grin , ferries with dragonfly wings , a wizard with soft spoken eyes , a lascivious young siren licking my chest with a long slippery buttermilk tongue , a bengalian tiger with piercing luminescent eyes , an old man laughing , a young girl crying , an Indian inside a pueblo praying over a dying boy menstruating through his nostrils , a aft man on rollerskates , and a crone in a purple shroud reaching her old withered hand to me the whole of humanity dancing naked amongst the gods and godessess of the storm .
These images passed by me so fast yet each intricate contour of their bodies I remember so clearly .
This lasted for what seemed hours and I calmly resigned to the incomprenibly beautifully changing aspect of the universe .
The world runs by rhythms we cant possibly comprehend , and to make peace with that is the essence of being human .
This I felt like no other time in my life .
No other experience was remotely close to this .
And the whole time this presence or perhaps God , the Great Spirit was holding me in the warmest of embrace .
And slowly it brought me back to my corporeal existence in the room on the couch , so gracefully and elegantly .
My body felt like a lithe dandelion floating effortlessly back to the ground .
I began laughing joyfully at the unbelievable nature of my experience .
I felt like I now possessed an uncanny wisdom so powerful and so essential to my being that I retained a wondeful sense of self - confidence and peace .
And as I opened my eyes I saw the room as it once was before .
There were strange geometrical patterns all around , yet I knew that I was back from wherever I went .
My friends were there , smiling .
I thought my god , how long were they there ?
How could they have waited with me so long , so reserved and peaceful ?
Hours had passes , so I thought .
And to my amazment looking at the clock , only 6 minutes ( earth time ) had passed !
I meditated for about 10 minutes and then slowly got up and walked around .
My heart was still racing but within 10 more minutes I was calm and collected .
The only residual affect occurred about 8 hours later when I awoke with anxiety and in a pool of sweat .
I had shivers and chills and I immediately got in a warm bath and slowly regained my composure .
I watched the sunset that morning from my bedroom window and I felt a strong fire from within me that produced so much happiness and determination .
This fire from within I had never experienced and now that I have it , it carries me forth into the world with speed , agility , and a sense that the universe is indeed incomprehensible , and that no mathematical formula , no graph nor chart can possibly explain the infinitude and eternal changing manifestations of this endless flow of life .
And this flow of life is joyous .
Fox has kicked casting for Matthew Vaughn ’s X - Men : First Class into high gear with reports of another mutant signing and a second in the works .
Roger Friedman is reporting that Benjamin Walker has signed on to play Beast , the large intellectually gifted blue mutant played by Kelsey Grammer in X - Men : The Last Stand .
He ’s currently starring in Public Theater ’s ‘ Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson ’ and will jump straight from that New York theater gig into X - Men production within the next few weeks .
Meanwhile , THR ’s Heat Vision reports Michael Fassbender has moved from hopeful for the role of Magneto to early negotiations with Fox .
Columbia still remains interested in Fassbender for the Spider - Man reboot so it will be interesting to see if they make a play here shortly or focus elsewhere .
As it stands the X - Men : First Class cast list stands at James McAvoy as Charles Xavier and Benjamin Walker as Beast .
More mutant casting announcements should roll in regularly over the next several weeks .
The Awesome Power of Family Courts T he month of June when we observe Father 's Day is a good time to review some of the injustices committed against fathers by family courts .
Family courts routinely deprive divorced fathers not only of their own children , but even many constitutional rights .
For example , do you think judges should have the power to decide to which religion your children must belong and which churches they may be prohibited from attending ?
In December 2009 a Chicago judge did exactly that .
Cook County Circuit Judge Edward Jordan issued a restraining order to prohibit Joseph Reyes from taking his three - year - old daughter to any non-Jewish religious activities because his ex-wife argued that would contribute to " the emotional detriment of the child . "
Mrs. Rebecca Reyes wants to raise her daughter in the Jewish religion , and the judge sided with the mother .
Joseph Reyes ' divorce attorney , Joel Brodsky , when he saw the judge 's restraining order , said , " I almost fell off my chair .
I thought maybe we were in Afghanistan and this was the Taliban . "
Mr. Reyes took his daughter to church anyway and let the Chicago media know about it .
Soon he was back in court to be prosecuted for contempt in violating the family court order .
The good news is that Reyes , fortunately , drew another Cook County judge , Renee Goldfarb , who ruled on April 13 , 2010 that Reyes can take his daughter to " church services during his visitation time if he so chooses . "
Judge Goldfarb said her decision to let Reyes take his daughter to church was based on " the best interest of the child , " but then criticized Reyes for going public with his case .
This case is a good illustration of the dictatorial power of the family courts .
Both judges purported to decide what church a child can attend based on the judge 's personal opinion about what is " the best interest of the child . "
The choice of a church should be none of the government 's business , even if the parents are divorced , and " best interest " should be decided by parents , not judges .
Not only did the family court try to take away a father 's parental rights and his freedom of religion rights , but also his First Amendment free - speech rights .
The second judge severely criticized Reyes for telling the media about his case .
But publicity was the reason the family court backtracked from sending Reyes to jail for violating the restraining order .
It 's important to shine the light of publicity on the outrageous denial of parental rights by the family courts .
In another divorce case last year , a family court in New Hampshire ( where the state motto is " Live Free or Die " ) ordered ten - year - old Amanda Kurowski to quit being homeschooled by her mother and instead to attend fifth grade in the local public school .
Judge Lucinda V. Sadler approved the court - appointed expert 's view that Amanda " appeared to reflect her mother 's rigidity on questions of faith " and that Amanda " would be best served by exposure to multiple points of view . "
Where did family court judges get the power to decide what church and what school the children of divorced parents must attend ?
Family court judges have amassed this extraordinary power by co-opting and changing the definition of a time - honored concept : " the best interest of the child . "
This rule originally came from English common law as compiled by William Blackstone in 1765 , and meant that parents are presumed to act in their own children 's best interest .
For centuries , English and American courts honored parents ' rights by recognizing the legal presumption that the best interest of a child is whatever a fit parent says it is , and should not be second - guessed by a judge .
However , when U.S. state legislatures revised their family - law statutes in the 1970s , the " best interest of the child " became disconnected from parents ' decisions .
Family courts assumed the discretion to decide the best interest of children of divorced and unmarried parents , and enforce their opinions by using their power to send fathers to jail and to tell them how they must spend their money .
The notion that persons other than parents should decide what is in a child 's best interest is illustrated by the slogan " it takes a village to raise a child . "
Those who use that slogan understand " village " to mean government officials and employees of the courts , the public schools , and the departments of children and family services .
The " best interest " rule is totally subjective ; it 's a matter of individual opinion .
Parents make thousands of decisions about their children , and should have the right to make their decisions even if they contravene so - called experts .
Whether the decision is big ( such as where to go to church or school ) , or small ( such as playing baseball or soccer ) , there is no objective way to say which is " best . "
Since judges are supposed to base their decisions on evidence presented in open court , and there is no objective basis for deciding thousands of questions involved in raising a child , judges often call on the testimony of expert witnesses .
A big industry has grown up of psychologists , psychiatrists , social workers , custody evaluators , and counselors who are eager to collect fees for giving their opinions .
Having opinions produced by persons with academic degrees is a way to make subjective and arbitrary judgments appear objective .
With the volume of cases coming through family courts , judges can evade responsibility for controversial decisions by rubber - stamping opinions of these court - appointed experts .
Sometimes these rulings are against women , but most decisions are against men , especially fathers .
It 's time to call a halt to the practice of letting family court judges make decisions that are rightfully the prerogative of parents .
Putting Men in Debtors ' Prisons
Did you know that a family court can order a man to reimburse the government for the welfare money , falsely called " child support , " which was paid to the mother of a child to whom he is not related ?
Did you know that , if he does n't pay , a judge can sentence him to debtor 's prison without ever letting him have a jury trial ?
Did you know that debtor 's prisons ( putting men in prison because they can't pay a debt ) were abolished in the United States even before we abolished slavery , but that they exist today to punish men who are too poor to pay what is falsely called " child support " ?
Did you know that when corporations can't pay their debts , they can take bankruptcy , which means they pay off their debts for pennies on the dollar , but a man can never get an alleged " child support " debt forgiven or reduced , even if he is out of a job , penniless and homeless , medically incapacitated , incarcerated ( justly or unjustly ) , can't afford a lawyer , serving in our Armed Forces overseas , or never owed the money in the first place ?
Did you know that when a woman applying for welfare handouts lies about who is the father of her child , she is never prosecuted for perjury ?
Did you know that judges can refuse to accept DNA evidence showing that the man she accuses is not the father ?
Did you know that alleged " child support " has nothing to do with supporting a child because the mother has no obligation to spend even one dollar of it on a child , and in many cases none of the " support " money ever gets to a child because it goes to fatten the payroll of the child - support bureaucracy ?
These are among the injustices that the feminists , and their docile liberal male allies , have inflicted on men .
Most of these family court injustices are caused by the Bradley Amendment , named for its sponsor former Democratic Senator from New Jersey and presidential candidate Bill Bradley .
That 1986 federal law prohibits retroactive reduction of alleged " child support " even in the circumstances listed above .
The Bradley law denies bankruptcy protections , overrides all statutes of limitation , and forbids judicial consideration of obvious inability to pay .
Most Bradley - law victims never come to national attention because , as Bernard Goldberg wrote in his book Bias , mainstream media toe the feminist propaganda line , denigrating men , especially fathers , and using the epithet " deadbeat dads . "
But one egregious case did make news in 2009 .
Frank Hatley was in a Georgia jail for more than a year for failure to pay alleged " child support " even though a DNA test nine years earlier , plus a second one in 2009 , proved that he is not the father .
His ex-girlfriend had lied and claimed he was .
The August 21 , 2001 court order , signed by Judge Dane Perkins , acknowledged that Hatley is not the father , but nevertheless ordered him to continue paying and never told him he could have a court - appointed lawyer if he could not afford one .
Hatley subsequently paid the government ( not the mom or child ) thousands of dollars in " child support . "
Even after he was laid off from his job unloading charcoal grills from shipping containers and reduced to living in his car , he continued making payments out of his unemployment benefits .
But he did n't pay enough to satisfy the avaricious child - support bureaucrats , so Judge Perkins ruled Hatley in contempt of court and sent him to jail without any jury trial .
With the help of a Legal Services lawyer , he was released from jail and relieved from future assessments , but ( because of the Bradley Amendment ) the government demanded that Hatley continue paying at the rate of $ 250 a month until he paid off the $ 16,398 debt the government claimed he accumulated earlier ( even though the court then knew he was not the father ) .
He paid the debt down to $ 10,000 but was jailed for six months in 2006 for falling behind on payments during a period of unemployment .
When he became unemployed and homeless in 2008 , he was jailed again .
Altogether , Hatley paid so - called " child support " for 13 years and spent 13 months in jail because of a woman 's lie , the Bradley Amendment , the ruthless " child support " bureaucracy , and the bias of the family court against fathers .
In 2009 , the court relieved Hatley of any future child support payments ( probably because of press publicity about this case ) but did not restore his driver 's license .
This system is morally and constitutionally wrong and the Bradley Amendment is particularly evil , yet all authorities say the court orders were lawful .
Another type of feminist indignity is the use in divorce cases of false allegations of child sexual abuse in order to gain child custody and the financial windfall that goes with it .
Former Vancouver , Washington , police Officer Ray Spencer spent nearly 20 years in prison after being convicted of molesting his two children who are now adults and say it never happened .
The son , who was 9 years old at the time , was questioned , alone , for months until he said he had been abused in order to get the interrogator to leave him alone .
The daughter , who was then age 5 , said she talked to the interrogator after he gave her ice cream .
There were many other violations of due process in Spencer 's trial , such as prosecutors withholding medical exams that showed no evidence of abuse , and his court - appointed lawyer failing to prepare a defense , but the judge nevertheless sentenced Spencer to two life terms in prison plus 14 years .
Spencer was five times denied parole because he refused to admit guilt , a customary parole practice that is maliciously designed to save face for prosecutors who prosecute innocent men .
Depriving Men of Constitutional Rights Family courts routinely deprive men of their fundamental right to parent their own children , by charging them with a wide variety of trivial offenses .
Family courts generally uphold feminists ' demands to kick a man out of his own home , and take control of their children and his money , based on a woman 's unsubstantiated allegations .
The principal tactics in this racket are domestic violence accusations and court - issued restraining orders .
The Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) was passed in 1994 as a payoff to the radical feminists for helping to elect Bill Clinton President in 1992 .
Personal sponsorship of this law was taken over by then - Senator Joe Biden .
VAWA shows the hypocrisy of noisy feminist demands that we kowtow to their ideology of gender neutrality , to their claim that there is no difference between male and female , and to their opposition to stereotyping and gender profiling .
There is nothing sex neutral about VAWA .
It is based on the proposition that there are , indeed , innate gender differences : men are naturally batterers and women are naturally victims .
VAWA is not designed to eliminate or punish violence , but to punish only alleged violence against women .
Most of the shelters financed by VAWA do not accept men as victims .
VAWA has been known from the getgo as " feminist pork " because it puts $ 1 Billion a year of U.S. taxpayers ' money into the hands of the radical feminists .
They have set up shop in domestic violence shelters where they promote divorce , marriage breakup , hatred of men , and false accusations , while rejecting marriage counseling , reconciliation , drug - abuse treatment , and evidence of mutual - partner abuse .
There is no investigation or accountability for the taxpayers ' money spent in these shelters .
VAWA makes taxpayers ' money available to the feminists to lobby state legislators to pass feminist laws , to train law enforcement personnel and judges in using the laws , and to fund enforcement .
VAWA provides the woman with free legal counsel to pursue her allegations , but not the man to defend himself .
He is on his own to find and pay a lawyer — or struggle without one .
Feminists have changed state laws in order to get family courts to operate on a loosey - goosey definition of family violence .
It does n't have to be violent .
It can simply be what a man says or how he looks at a woman .
It can even be what a woman thinks he might do or say .
Definitions of violence include calling your partner a naughty word , raising your voice , causing " annoyance " or " emotional distress , " claiming to be " fearful , " or just not doing what your partner wants .
Feminists have persuaded most states to adopt mandatory arrest laws .
That means , when the police arrive at a disturbance and lack good information on who is to blame , they are nevertheless legally bound to arrest somebody .
Three guesses who is usually arrested .
Feminists have lobbied most states into passing no - drop prosecution laws .
Those laws make the prosecutor legally bound to go forward with prosecution even if the woman recants her charges or wants to drop them .
Studies show that women do recant or ask to drop the charges in 60 % of criminal allegations , but the law requires prosecution against the man to proceed regardless .
Along with the loss of other constitutional rights , the man thus loses his right to confront and cross -examine his accuser .
VAWA has a built - in incentive for the woman to make false charges of domestic violence because she knows she will never be prosecuted for perjury .
Charging domestic violence practically guarantees she will get custody of the children and sever forever the father 's relationship with his children even though the alleged violence had nothing whatever to do with any abuse of the children .
Judges are required to consider allegations of domestic violence in awarding child custody , even though no evidence of abuse was ever presented .
' Gamesmanship ' of Restraining Orders Family court judges issue restraining orders virtually for the asking , without any evidence of actual domestic violence or even threat of violence .
The Illinois Bar Journal ( June 2005 ) explained how women use court - issued restraining orders as a tool for the mother to get sole child custody and to bar the father from visitation .
In big type , the Journal proclaimed : " Orders of protection are designed to prevent domestic violence , but they can also become part of the gamesmanship of divorce . "
The " game " is that mothers can assert falsehoods or trivial complaints against the father , in order to get a restraining order based on the presumption that men are naturally abusers of women .
Restraining orders are in reality a tactical legal maneuver familiar to all family court attorneys as a way to obtain an order of contempt and unfairly increase the leverage of one side ( typically the woman ) in bargaining with the other ( typically the man ) .
The Fourth Amendment guarantees U.S. citizens the right to be " secure in their persons , house , papers , and effects . "
But each year , restraining orders are issued against at least two million men without proof or even evidence , forcing innocent men out of their homes .
In 33 states , fathers can be thrown in jail for even a technical violation of a restraining order , such as sending a child a birthday card or telephoning a child on an unapproved day .
Family courts have avoided facing up to whether the restraining orders issued against fathers are constitutional .
Accused criminals enjoy a long list of constitutional rights , but feminists have persuaded judges to issue orders that restrain actions of non-criminal husbands and fathers , and punish them based on flimsy , unproved accusations .
Most states do not require proof by a clear and convincing standard of evidence .
Even though these restraining orders are issued without the due process required for criminal prosecutions , they carry the threat of a prison sentence for anyone who violates them .
The New Jersey Law Journal reported that an instructor taught judges to be merciless to husbands and fathers , saying , " Throw him out on the street , give him the clothes on his back , and tell him ' See ya ' around . ' "
People have a better chance to prove their innocence in traffic court than when subjected to a restraining order .
Too often , the restraining order serves no legitimate purpose , but is just an easy way for one spouse to get revenge or the upper hand in a divorce or child custody dispute .
Once a restraining order is issued , it becomes nearly impossible for a father to regain custody or even get to see his own children .
That is the result even though the alleged domestic violence ( which does n't have to be physical or proven ) did not involve the children at all .
Probably two million restraining orders are issued each year in domestic relationships .
These restraining orders almost certainly increase violence and harm , because studies show that the safest place for adults and children is in a home with two parents , rather than one that is broken by a restraining order .
In 1999 there were 58,200 abductions of children by non-family members , a crime typically the direct result of inadequate adult supervision .
When an adult is ordered out of a home based on some allegation of domestic violence , the children in that home are no longer supervised , and victimization by crime ( and accidents ) necessarily increases .
There is no evidence that the millions of restraining orders issued annually each year increase the overall safety of the applicants or their children , and most likely the opposite is true .
It is false to claim that because domestic violence often occurs behind closed doors , it is somehow difficult to prove .
In fact , real domestic violence is easier to prove than most crimes .
Medical record and forensic evidence is clear and convincing for real domestic violence , and the time and place of the crime are easy to determine , and a restraining order may be appropriate .
What is difficult is to disprove false allegations of non-serious domestic violence , so a higher standard of proof is essential to sift fact from fiction .
It seems elementary that husband and fathers who are accused of crimes by their wives or girl friends should have the same constitutional rights accorded to any criminal , but they do not in family courts .
They are routinely denied equal treatment under law , the right to a fair trial , the presumption of innocence until proven guilty , the right to confront accusers , and a court - appointed lawyer when they can't afford to hire an attorney .
It 's time to restore basic constitutional rights to husbands and fathers and repudiate the feminist agenda that treats men as guilty unless proven innocent .
VAWA will be coming up for reauthorization soon , and it must be reformed .
Reforming the Violence Against Women Act ( VAWA ) is today 's basic civil rights issue .
Domestic violence must be redefined to mean violence .
State laws must be changed to repeal mandatory arrest laws and no -drop prosecution laws .
We must eliminate the incentives for false accusations of domestic violence , which include using restraining orders as the " gamesmanship " for divorce , child custody , money , or ownership of the family home .
Persons accused of domestic violence , man or woman , are entitled to have fundamental constitutional rights , including due process and presumption of innocence until proven guilty by clear and convincing evidence in court .
What a way to go , indeed
Merchants of Doubt : How a Handful of Scientists Obscured the Truth on Issues from Tobacco Smoke to Global Warming .
By Naomi Oreskes and Erik Conway .
Bloomsbury ; 368 pages ; $ 27 and £ 25 .
Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
IN 1953 the leaders of America 's big tobacco companies met John Hill , founder of a public - relations company , Hill and Knowlton , to talk about worrying new scientific research linking their products to cancer : worrying , that is , in that it might hurt sales .
Hill stressed that a key part of their response had to be making sure that the public was informed of scientific doubts about the validity of the research .
The tobacco industry took his advice to heart , even when its own in - house scientists were confirming what the public - health researchers had found out .
In this powerful book , Naomi Oreskes and Eric Conway , two historians of science , show how big tobacco 's disreputable and self - serving tactics were adapted for later use in a number of debates about the environment .
Their story takes in nuclear winter , missile defence , acid rain and the ozone layer .
In all these debates a relatively small cadre of right - wing scientists , some of them eminent , worked through organisations sometimes created specially for the purpose to take on a scientific establishment that they perceived to be dangerously unsympathetic to the interests of capital and national security .
By the time the makers of cigarettes were fighting against legislation on secondary smoking and the makers of chlorofluorocarbons against regulations to protect the ozone layer , their efforts had coalesced into a general attack on the environmental movement and the regulatory bodies it had brought into being .
The techniques employed included disinformation of various sorts coupled with an enduring and disgraceful willingness to stick to discredited arguments that seemed to play well .
It is a shameful story for many of those concerned , and the authors make effective use of the vast archive of tobacco company documents now in the public domain , and of the personal archives of some of the scientists involved .
The book is good on drawing out the politics involved , and pointing out the contradictions .
People who insisted that it was vital to look at worst - case scenarios when dealing with the Soviet Union proved remarkably averse to taking the same approach to environmental issues .
It is rather less strong on the politics on the other side .
In most of these campaigns the dissenters have argued that the American scientific establishment is tainted with an anti-corporate liberalism and is trying to impose socialism by the back door .
One does not have to agree with this view , or to think that both sides are equally culpable , to feel that the ways in which science is used to generate assent for environmental action may sometimes be as interesting as the ways in which it is mobilised for dissent .
Though the authors note as a curiosity that campaigns against secondary smoke predated the evidence that it did any harm , they show no desire to explore this seemingly reversed causality .
The book seems to suggest that the path from scientific assessment to environmental regulation would be a straightforward business were it not for the kind of opposition that the authors chart .
But it would have added something to have examined more systematically the differences between cases where the science is clear ( ozone after 1987 ) and where there was a fair amount of hype ( forest death through acid rain ) .
It is striking that America got acid-rain regulation passed in an election year under a Republican president .
Moreover , it was passed despite there being very little scientific support for the more hyperbolic claims by environmentalists .
The authors rightly decry the degree to which scientists have sometimes manufactured and exaggerated environmental uncertainties .
But they fail fully to explain how , despite this and other countervailing factors , environmental action has still often proved possible .
If you want to learn about R through videos , there are now a large number of options .
This post provides links to many of these video under the headings of : ( a ) What is R ? ( b ) Introductory R , and ( c ) Intermediate and Advanced R .
What is R ?
If you are evaluating whether you should learn and use R , these videos explain what R does and why it is worth learning .
David Smith from REvolutions provides an Introduction to R .
Dice News presents a two minute quick overview of R
Courtney Brown presents a 7 minute video on why he encourages his students to learn R .
J.D. Long presents an hour long video conference on how he came to use R .
Introductory R
If you have just started learning R , these videos show you how to do basic data analytic tasks in R .
Rvideos provides around 20 videos providing an introduction to R on topics such as bootstrapping , ANOVA , Graphs , Dates , Sampling , Help , and more .
ramstatdavid has around 25 videos on YouTube each of around 5 minutes .
Many of the videos are on producing plots in R .
LearnViaWeb has around 15 introductory R videos .
Topics include loops , time series , installing R , reading and writing data , writing a function , GLM , and using random numbers .
Decision Science News has two ten minute video tutorials providing an introduction to R .
wildscop on YouTube has eight introductory tutorials on R. Topics include installing R , using help , opening files , interacting with the console , manipulating matrices , and plotting .
ahmetrics on YouTube has five tutorials on R on topics such as trellis plots , reading Excel data , simple linear regression
Learning R Toolkit has a six module course on R with videos .
The first two modules are free .
regionomics on YouTube has around 5 videos on R interspersed with videos on other topics .
Topics include an introduction to R , Rcmdr , and Discrete Choice models .
Dr. Thomas MacFarland has a series of introductory lectures on R using the Tegrity viewer .
It assumes very little prior knowledge of computing or statistics .
When I tried it , Tegrity worked better in Firefox than in Chrome .
of f2themovies2 on YouTube has around 20 introductory tutorials on R
mattstat on YouTube has 7 introductory tutorials on R
MrIanfellows on YouTube has 3 videos providing examples of using the Deducer GUI to interact with R .
I thank Rob Hyndman for helping me discover a few of the above .
Intermediate and Advanced Materials on R
If you know the basics of R and are interested in learning about a particular topic related to R , the following videos are great .
I find it useful to hear how experts talk about R in order to get a sense of how to speak and think about R .
Drew Conway makes available a set of videos through VCASMO .
The talks are drawn from a range of presenters .
The list is growing and at the time of posting includes talks on : ggplot2 , Social Network Analysis in R , SQL and R , Python and R , optimisation and R , Zelig , and more .
Hadley Wichkam has a four part video short course on graphics with R .
It is particularly good if you want to learn ggplot2
David Mease provides a complete video course on Data Mining using R and Excel
McStatsTutorials on YouTube has 6 videos on Time Series .
A couple of videos demonstrate how to perform analyses using R .
For my own videos , see the Video Tag of my blog .
For example , a 34 minute video analysing Winter Olympic Medal data using StatET and R..
Related Resources
If you enjoy learning about data analysis through videos , you may also want to have a look at my earlier post on full - length mathematics and statistics video courses .
These are great if you need to consolidate more fundamental mathematical and statistical concepts .
I also have a post with links on Getting Started with R .
If there are links to videos on R that I have left off the list , feel free to post a link in the comments .
[ Ed . Note :
In this week ’s " Ask the President 's Science Advisor , " OSTP Director Dr. John P. Holdren answers an e-mail question concerning the Obama Administration 's efforts to enhance scientific integrity in Federal policymaking .
To have your question considered for this feature , e-mail your short query to AskDrH@ostp.gov or tweet @whitehouseostp using the hashtag # AskDrH .
The selected question will be posted in the blog with Dr. Holdren 's answer . ]
Dear Director Holdren ,
The President put scientific integrity on the top of his science agenda as a candidate and pledged in his inaugural address to " restore science to its rightful place . "
The President asked the Office of Science and Technology Policy 15 months ago to create a plan to restore scientific integrity to federal policymaking .
The plan was due by July 9 , 2009 .
Why is there such a delay in restoring scientific integrity to the federal government ?
What are the sticking points ?
Can you give me a date when you expect a plan , directive , or Executive Order to be released ?
Sincerely ,
Jason , San Francisco
President Obama ’s “ Memorandum for the Heads of Executive Departments and Agencies ” of March 9 , 2009 , on the subject of scientific integrity stated clearly and unconditionally the fundamental principles of the Administration ’s stance on this subject .
These clear and unconditional statements begin , in the document ’s second paragraph , with the following :
Political officials should not suppress or alter scientific or technological findings and conclusions .
If scientific and technological information is developed and used by the Federal Government , it should ordinarily be made available to the public .
To the extent permitted by law , there should be transparency in the preparation , identification , and use of scientific and technological information in policymaking .
The selection of scientists and technology professionals for positions in the Executive Branch should be based on their scientific and technological knowledge , credentials , experience , and integrity .
This set of principles is augmented later in the Memorandum , in connection with the President ’s request to the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy for recommendations for further Presidential action “ to guarantee scientific integrity throughout the Executive Branch ” .
As formulated there , the principles on which these recommendations for further Presidential action are to be based are as follows :
(a) The selection and retention of candidates for science and technology positions in the Executive Branch should be based on the candidate 's knowledge , credentials , experience , and integrity ; ( b ) Each agency should have appropriate rules and procedures to ensure the integrity of the scientific process within the agency ; ( c ) When scientific or technological information is considered in policy decisions , the information should be subject to well - established scientific processes , including peer review where appropriate , and each agency should appropriately and accurately reflect that information in complying with and applying relevant statutory standards ; ( d) Except for information that is properly restricted from disclosure under procedures established in accordance with statute , regulation , Executive Order , or Presidential Memorandum , each agency should make available to the public the scientific or technological findings or conclusions considered or relied on in policy decisions ; ( e ) Each agency should have in place procedures to identify and address instances in which the scientific process or the integrity of scientific and technological information may be compromised ; and ( f ) Each agency should adopt such additional procedures , including any appropriate whistleblower protections , as are necessary to ensure the integrity of scientific and technological information and processes on which the agency relies in its decision - making or otherwise uses or prepares .
There should not be any doubt that these principles have been in effect — that is , binding on all Executive departments and agencies — from the date of issue of the Memorandum on March 9 , 2009 .
All that has been awaiting the requested action by the Director of OSTP is recommendations to the President on what further instructions he might issue in augmentation of these principles in order to advance the goal of achieving the highest level of scientific integrity across the Executive Branch .
Pursuant to that request , my staff and I have been engaged since the date of the Memorandum in development of such recommendations , which as specified in the Memorandum has included consultations with “ the heads of executive departments and agencies , including the Office of Management and Budget and offices and agencies within the Executive Office of the President ” .
Indeed , OSTP began the process by creating an interagency panel with representatives from all of the major science offices and agencies .
That group launched an unprecedentedly open , Web - based process to accept detailed input from stakeholders inside and outside government .
Based on that input and internal discussions , the group developed draft recommendations for consideration by OSTP and OMB .
And over the intervening months representatives from those two offices have been honing a final set of recommendations .
I am the first to admit that the process has been more laborious and time - consuming than expected at the outset .
Determining how to elaborate on the principles set forth in the Memorandum in enough detail to be of real assistance in their implementation , while at the same time retaining sufficient generality to be applicable across Executive departments and agencies with a wide variety of missions and structures , has been particularly challenging .
And other demands on the participants over this time period have also been much greater than expected .
But I am pleased to report here that the process , though slower than many ( including myself ) had hoped , has resulted in what I believe is a high - quality product that I anticipate finalizing and forwarding to the President in the next few weeks .
In addition to the strong scientific integrity principles that , as noted above , have been in effect since the President ’s memorandum of March 9 , 2009 , there has been other important activity on transparency and integrity ongoing in parallel with the process of developing the supplementary recommendations that the memorandum requested .
In particular , OSTP and OMB have spearheaded an array of Open Government initiatives that have , together , made a record - breaking amount of government data available to the public and , more generally , have unveiled many previously hidden workings of the Federal government .
Indeed , I believe no Administration has pushed as hard as this one to restore integrity in general — and scientific integrity in particular — to the Federal enterprise .
I am confident that with the completion of OSTP ’s recommendations on scientific integrity these already high standards will be strengthened and assured well into the future .
John P. Holdren is Assistant to the President for Science and Technology and Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy
Water , Another Crisis for Iraq
As if the people of Iraq did n’t have enough problems – a bloody war that wo n’t seem to quite end , an occupying army , trying to form a new government that functions – they also do n’t have enough water .
In a place like Iraq , our attention is on the big issues , and we might forget that life also goes on for regular people .
They need to grow crops and wash dishes and make tea .
For many people in the country , those mundane things can be every bit as big an issue .
If you do n’t have water to drink , that is an immediate crisis .
In a recent Reuters article , Aseel Kami quotes someone in one of those water - poor areas of Iraq , “ ‘ We depend on this water truck .
If it did not come for any reason , on that day a glass of water would be as precious as a human soul … we would be left without anything .
No bathing and no drinking water , ’ said Dakheel . ”
The author says , “ According to government statistics cited by the ICRC , one in four of Iraq ’s 30 million people does not have access to safe drinking water . ”
What are the water issues in Iraq ?
In a related Reuters report , Serena Chaudhry gives an excellent account of the problem .
Chaudhry says , “ A country dominated by arid desert landscapes , it has one of the most extensive irrigation systems in the world but years of war , underinvestment and sanctions have prevented it from properly harnessing what little water it has left .
Iraq ’s main rivers , the Euphrates and the Tigris , provide little relief to the parched plains as hydroelectric dams in neighboring Turkey , Iran and Syria have stemmed the water flow . ”
Chaudhry explains that :
Water levels in the rivers have dropped
Failing crops have forced possibly millions of people out of rural areas and into cities
83 percent of sewage is discharged untreated
Government disorganization means improvement projects are delayed
US Government reconstruction efforts include sewage and water , but ca n’t solve the whole problem
Oil production requires huge amounts of water ( 1.6 barrels of water for each 1 barrel of oil ) , so personal and agricultural consumption competes with economic development
In addition we find that :
As the US continues to try to figure out its role and responsibility in Iraq , the factor of water can not be left out .
Can there be a lasting peace and stability without enough water for a cup of tea ?
A New York Times article quotes , “ The problem of wars has been solved , ” said Faaq Fadhil , the director of irrigation in Abu Khassib , a village south of Basra .
“ Now we must solve the problem of the environment . ”
—
Follow Columbia Water Center on Twitter
Suppose that you own a small business .
You have a small store located in one of the millions of strip malls that have become the American landscape .
One day , a couple of representatives from a local Catholic church come into your store and request a few minutes of your time .
They show you a picture of a large sign they want you to place in your store window so it will be visible from the street .
The sign displays an image of Mother Teresa and is intended to honor her 100th birthday .
You politely decline the request , keeping your annoyance to yourself because upsetting potential customers is never wise .
The Catholics thank you for your time and leave .
You consider the matter closed and move on with your life .
The next week , you are visited by a small delegation representing all the Catholic churches in your community .
They make the same request , but this time , they have something else to show you .
It seems that they have collected several thousand signatures in the form of a petition asking you to display their sign .
They suggest , ever so subtly , that you stand to lose some customers by not honoring their request .
Although you manage to refrain from yelling at them , you make it clear that you are not at all happy with their approach .
You compare their tactics with the mafia and explain in no uncertain terms that you will not hang their religious propaganda in your store window .
Again , they tell you that they appreciate your time and leave .
The protests start a few days later .
Some people stop by to tell you that they will not do business with you until you agree to hang the sign .
Others assemble to picket in front of your store .
Your calls to local law enforcement do not go anywhere .
They have the right to assemble as long as they are not physically blocking your entrance .
Your business begins to suffer .
In case you missed it , this story is based on something happening right now in New York City on a much larger scale .
Believe it or not , the Catholic church is demanding that the owner of the Empire State building , a privately owned building , light it to honor Mother Teresa .
They do not care that the owner has a policy about not lighting the building for religious figures .
They have collected over 40,000 signatures and taken out ads in the local papers .
They intend to bully him into submission and are pulling out all the stops to do just that .
H/T to Stardust Musings and Thoughts for the Freethinker
I love shell productivity hacks .
I believe that if you work in a Linux environment , you owe it to yourself to become as good as you can be at working with your shell of choice ( e.g. bash ) .
You see , most people who have worked with Linux for any length of time have some level of skill with the shell , that level is usually mediocre at best .
But , you do meet the occasional person who wows you with what they can accomplish and I will tell you right now that their skill does not come from superior knowledge ( or at least not fully from superior knowledge ) .
It is all about maximizing the effect of the knowledge you do have , finding little tricks and hacks that will save you , potentially less than a second , every time you perform a particular action .
Thing is , some actions you might do hundreds of times per day , so those seconds really start to add up , especially once you have accumulated dozens of these hacks .
Anyway , here is one such tip .
Running Multiple Commands
Whenever you work with the shell you almost always need to run several commands in a row .
I am not talking about piping commands to each other , but just running several in sequence .
Surprisingly , people usually tend to wait for each command to execute before running the next one .
Why not execute all the commands at once ?
Bash has some decent support for this , and if you train yourself to do it this way , not only will it potentially save you some time , but it will also force you to think further ahead ; all of which will make you that little bit more productive .
Let ’s have a look .
Firstly we need to create some commands to make it easier to see what is happening .
The first one will be called cmd1 , and all it will do is sleep for 2 seconds then output something to the screen .
#!/bin/bash sleep 2 echo " cmd1 "
The second command will be called long - cmd and it will sleep for 30 seconds before outputting something to the screen .
#!/bin/bash sleep 30 echo " long-cmd "
The third command will be called cmd-fail and it will exit with a non -zero exit status to simulate a failing command .
#!/bin/bash echo " Failing ... " exit 2
We ’re now ready to run some commands in sequence by kicking them off at the same time .
All you need to do is separate the commands with semicolons and they will execute one after another .
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp $ ./cmd1 ; ./cmd1 ; date cmd1 cmd1 Sat May 1 23:29:49 EST
2010
As you can see , the two cmd1 commands executed first and then the date command ran – as expected .
The only problem here is this , if a preceding command fails , the subsequent ones will still run :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp $ ./cmd1 ; ./ cmd-fail ; date cmd1 Failing ...
Sat May 1 23:32:33 EST
2010
This may be the behaviour we desire , in which case all is well , but what if we do care about the success of the preceding commands .
In that case , separate the commands with double ampersand instead of semicolon .
As soon as one of the commands fails , no subsequent command will be executed – handy .
Here is another thought , if you do n’t need to run multiple commands in sequence , but simply want to kick off multiple commands , why not execute all of them at once by putting them all in the background .
All you need to do is separate each command with a single ampersand :
All three of our long commands have kicked off in the background .
This works because as soon as we background the first command by putting an ampersand after it , the shell gives us another prompt and is ready to accept more input , so we can keep going and execute as many commands as we want on the same line , by backgrounding them all .
It is a slightly quicker way ( than waiting for each command to finish , or backgrounding each one separately ) to execute multiple commands if they do n’t rely on each other .
If the commands produce output , all the output will still go to the screen , so the output from all the commands can potentially get mixed up , but you can , of course , still redirect the output of each command somewhere else .
You can also easily check on the status of each of the backgrounded commands :
[ email protected ] : ~/tmp$ jobs ( http://feeds.feedburner.com/softwaretechandmore)
Running ./long-cmd & [ 2 ] - Running ./long-cmd & [ 3 ] +
Running ./long-cmd &
The number in square brackets is the id of the job , and you can use it to perform actions on the running job , such as bringing it to the foreground , or killing it :
If you foreground a job by using fg , and want to put it back in the background after , all you need to do is press Ctrl - Z and then background the job again by using its id .
There you go , not revolutionary , but some handy tips to keep in mind to shave off a few seconds here and there .
And believe you me , those seconds really do start to add up after a while .
More about shell stuff soon .
Image by Roger Smith
Unter Einhaltung der allgemeinen Hygiene - Vorgaben gibt es keine Einschränkungen
für unser Ladengeschäft , die Werkstatt sowie unseren Schießbetrieb !
Trainieren
Sie ganzjährig unter optimalen Bedingungen .
Modernste Technik , eine Riesenauswahl an Übungsprogrammen und alle zugelassenen Waffenarten stehen für Sie bereit .
Lernen
Sie bei uns den respektvollen Umgang mit der Waffe , verfeinern Sie Ihre Technik oder vervollkommnen Sie Ihr Repertoire – für ganz besondere Augenblicke und viele tolle Erfolgserlebnisse .
Das ist unser Anliegen .
I thought i’d post this up to give everyone a reminder that Truth is set for a UK release tomorrow ( May 17th ) , so make you remember to download it !
Also , just to let you know , I was lucky enough to interview Chiddy Bang a few days ago when they played an absolutely banging gig in Norwich , UK .
I ’m just putting the finishing touches to the it , but it will be up here very soon .
It was a fantastic interview and they gave me some very honest answers to a number of tricky questions !
Subscribe to Get Updates by Email
Enter your email address : Delivered by FeedBurner
Subscribe in a reader
Gawker
A hacking group has obtained the e-mail addresses of 114,000 owners of 3G iPads by exploiting a security hole on AT &T‘s Web site , according to a report by Gawker .
The group also obtained the identification number that those iPads use when they communicate over AT&T ’s network , known as an ICC - ID .
It is not clear what that information could be used for .
According to Gawker , which was given a copy of the list of e-mail addresses , it includes military personnel , staff members in the Senate and the House of Representatives , and people at the Justice Department , NASA and the Department of Homeland Security .
Private - sector addresses that were exposed include those of executives at the New York Times Company , Dow Jones , Condé Nast , Viacom , Time Warner , the News Corporation , HBO and Hearst , along with bankers and venture capitalists .
The hacking group , Goatse Security , found that a program on AT&T ’s Web site , when given an iPad ’s ID number , would return the owner ’s e-mail address .
It used a script that could guess IDs and collect the associated e-mail addresses .
The group eventually notified AT&T of the breach , and the security hole was closed .
Apple did not respond to a request for comment .
After news surfaced of the revealed e-mail addresses AT&T responded with the following statement :
TOKYO Ã¢â‚¬â€ Interpol this week placed the head of US - based anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd on an international wanted list at Japan ’s request , authorities in Tokyo said Friday .
The Japan Coastguard was informed by Interpol Thursday about the listing of Canadian Paul Watson , 59 , for allegedly conspiring to harass whaling ships in Antarctic clashes in February , a coastguard spokeswoman said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The coastguard filed the request with the French - based police service in April as part of Japan ’s long - running battle with militant environmentalists from Watson ’s Sea Shepherd Conservation Society .
Kyodo News said Japan had asked Interpol to issue a so - called blue notice , asking national police forces to provide information on Watson ’s whereabouts and activities , but not a red notice requesting his arrest .
Japan hunts whales under a loophole to an international moratorium that allows the killing of the sea mammals for scientific research , but it does not hide the fact that the meat is later sold in shops and restaurants .
Sea Shepherd has long sought to obstruct Japan ’s whalers and this year claimed its most successful season yet by preventing the harpoon ships from killing hundreds of the ocean giants .
Japanese authorities say the activists inflicted chemical burns on whaling crews by throwing bottles of butyric acid , which the Sea Shepherd group describes as rancid - butter stink bombs .
ADVERTISEMENT
Sea Shepherd ’s futuristic powerboat the Ady Gil , carrying six crew , sank after it was sliced in two in a collision with the whaling fleet ’s security ship in January .
The boat ’s captain Peter Bethune later boarded a whaling ship and was detained .
He is now on trial in Tokyo for trespass , causing injury and other charges .
Prosecutors have demanded two years in prison for the New Zealander .
The court is due to deliver its verdict on July 7 .
As Peck notes , in response to an Israeli spokesman ’s saying that the poor put - upon trained IDF commandos attacking the flotilla had “ paint guns ” against people with pipes and whatnot , the commandos also had automatic weapons , pepper spray , tear gas and other things the people they attacked at four o’clock in the morning in international waters did n’t have .
( Note , also , the interspersing of the same snippet of grainy and slickly - edited black - and - white IDF video with that of the last video taken and transmitted by the flotilla before the IDF shut down all transmissions and confiscated all recording and communications devices from the flotilla .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Print
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
I like the way the whiskers work to balance this image .
My eye keeps wanting to find the ends of the whiskers at the top of the image -- they got chopped off a bit .
Regardless , there 's still plenty of visual interest -- it 's a rare shot .
Is it possible to do a vertical crop with this image ?
Not sure how it would look , but I would try
Twelve employees of Pei Wei Asian Diner at 54th Street and Ray Road in Chandler were fired after they skipped work to participate in a May 29 protest of the new immigration law Senate Bill 1070 .
That was nearly half the staff at that restaurant , which has a workforce of about 30 , said Pei Wei spokesman Peter Marino .
The fired workers violated a well - established Pei Wei attendance policy , he said .
" When employees choose not to show up for a scheduled shift and choose not to give notice , it causes tremendous disruption to fellow co-workers and impedes our ability to serve our guests , " the company said in a statement .
At the same time , Pei Wei said it respects the rights of people to peacefully protest , and it does not comment on local , state or federal laws .
The Phoenix branch of a union , the Industrial Workers of the World , is giving moral and financial support to the fired workers , although the employees were not unionized .
An e-mail from the union and one of the fired workers , who are Hispanic , has accused Pei Wei of selective enforcement of its attendance policy .
" Pei Wei has rarely terminated employees for not showing up and not calling in alerting the company to their absence , " the union e-mail said .
" Most of those are treated with a write - up or disciplinary action rather than outright termination , " the union said .
Elizabeth Serafin , a fired employee who had worked at the restaurant for about eight months , said the week before she was fired , a male Hispanic cook did n't call and did n't show up , but he was n't fired .
He was reprimanded and forced to take a week off without pay , she said .
" Why did they give him the opportunity but not to us ? " she said .
The 12 worked as cooks , dishwashers and busers .
Of the 12 , 10 are men and two are women .
The union said at least some of the workers had asked to be granted the day off but were denied .
So they decided to attend the rally in solidarity .
Marino said the company works with employees to allow them time off to pursue strong personal interests , but that the terminated Chandler employees had simply violated the policy .
A picketer showed up at Pei Wei in Chandler on Friday night but was shooed away by police .
A handful of pickets collected a couple of blocks away .
At the same time , 20 people picketed the Pei Wei at Seventh Avenue and McDowell Road in Phoenix , said Bill Krist , recording secretary of the Phoenix IWW .
Krist said the union is looking for a labor lawyer who would work pro bono .
Jay Pierce , a volunteer organizer with the union , expects more picketing if the company continues to refuse to talk to the fired workers .
" They 've refused all our requests , " Pierce said .
" We 've e-mailed , called , visited .
They have refused any type of negotiation . "
The fired employees are asking for their jobs back , for back pay and an apology , Pierce said .
Marino would not address that issue , saying the company statement speaks for itself .
The union said that on June 16 , a delegation of workers and supporters went to Scottsdale to visit the headquarters of P.F. Chang 's , the parent company of Pei Wei .
Workers asked to talk to a company representative , but police were called and workers were threatened with arrest on a trespassing charge .
No arrests were made .
The May 29 protest against SB 1070 was a march from Indian School Road and Seventh Street to the state Capitol .
I could n't resist taking a picture of her pussy with the VS see - thru panties , I just love how her hairy twat looks on those panties .
We sat down with Rashad Frazier , owner of Yoshi Jenkins to chat about his entrepreneurial journey and vision for the future .
And they say it 's not a culture ...
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Ghosts n Goblins
This one goes out for all retro- freaks out there who appreciate such hard , old and golden games !
Use your arrows to walk , Z to jump and X to fire .
This is turning into an oddly sad day here at RPS .
Pete Closs forwards this footage of the last day at Looking Glass : May 25th 2000 .
About 40 minutes of the last seconds of one of the greatest developers of all time .
Impromptu silly interviews with everyone you care to mention .
Discover who will play everyone in the inevitable Looking Glass movie and see Lulu Lamer brag about her Unreal Tournament skills .
Hurrah !
But mainly sniff .
( Actually , I have vague , vague , vague memories of maybe some of this footage being online before … but not mentioned on RPS , so fuck it .
I know it ’s OLD so be gentle )
“ Right , go for it .
Go . ”
“ Go where ? ”
“ Go anywhere you want .
Just go home . ”
Only few things are better than a pair of big boobs and one of those things is two pair of big boobs :)
Two legendary busty models , Lorna Morgan and Kerry Marie , are undressing and touching eachother on the stairs .
Enter Scoreland the oldest and largest source for busty women
Most of your favorite super heroes are actually side projects .
Most super heroes do n’t do that whole super hero thing as their full - time gig .
In fact , most of them have got a day job .
I know you ’re busting your ass , Mr. and / or Mrs. Startup type .
I know you ’re working hard on a side project or idea while continuing to slave away at the day job .
All in the hopes that someday — someday — you might get to turn that side project into a full - time gig .
But it can be taxing .
I know it .
So every once in awhile , I like to try to give you a little motivation .
A little help .
A little something that makes staying up that extra four hours a little easier .
And that little something today is this :
Most of your favorite super heroes are actually side projects .
I hear you .
“ WTF is he talking about now ? ”
But bear with me .
Let ’s take a few minutes to think about what you ’re doing in the context of being a super hero .
First off , because you are pretty heroic following your dream .
And second , because it might just give you that inspiration you need .
Third , it just goes to show that you can do something incredible that has nothing to do with revenue .
I mean , just stop and think about it for a second .
Most super heroes do n’t do that whole super hero thing as their full - time gig .
In fact , most of them have got a day job .
The super hero thing ?
It ’s a side project , true believer .
It ’s something they do in their free - time .
That ’s right .
Super heroes ?
Just a bunch of working stiffs with 9 - to - 5 jobs .
But with amazingly awesome side projects on which they work when they ’re not in the office .
Peter Parker ?
Day job .
Superman ?
Day job .
Tony Stark ?
Day job .
Bruce Wayne ?
Day job .
Fantastic Four ?
Day job , day job , day job , day job .
And they were astronauts .
ASTRONAUTS .
And they still felt like pursuing their side project .
Or maybe Reed Richards pushed them into it .
Whatever .
The point is they could have been doing something else .
Profitable .
You get the drift .
All of these folks had a much more lucrative and profitable careers than “ being a super hero . ”
But guess what they decided to do ?
They decided to do what they knew they had to do .
To follow their passion .
I mean , what if they had said “ There ’s no business model or revenue stream for this whole ‘ saving people ’ thing .
So I ’m not going to do it . ” ?
That would have been a huge loss .
Your not following your intuition — not pursuing your side project — could be an equally big loss .
What ?
You ’re still not buying it ?
Okay .
How about this ?
Super heroes even start their side projects the same way entrepreneurs do .
And much like Web startups , it does n’t much matter what name you choose for the project .
You just have to do it .
Let ’s take Peter Parker .
He ’s minding his own business when suddenly he ’s bitten by the startup bug .
And he realizes that he has something special .
Something he could call his own .
Something with which he could change lives .
Or Bruce Wayne .
After his own trauma , he recognizes the inefficiencies of the municipal justice system .
Frustrated , he develops a way to shortcut the red tape and bring criminals to justice .
And he bootstraps his own business and brings on a partner to make it happen .
He even gets additional assistance from friends and family .
Or Tony Stark who , after tinkering with some technology , figures out a better way to do what his massive corporation does .
But he continues to pursue it and use it for good even though — let ’s be honest — the capital expenditures have his startup deep in the red .
Or take Bruce Banner .
I mean , he used to just get angry about the way things were .
But once he found a startup that needed him , he was much much happier .
For a little while anyway .
He ’s kind of a serial entrepreneur that one .
Heck , Professor Xavier liked his side project so much , he started a startup incubator that helps other mutants learn how to turn their side projects into full - time gigs .
He ’s like the venture capitalist of the super hero world .
Same with Nick Fury .
Making connections among super heroes so that they could form more viable startups .
I could go on and on — in the Marvel universe at least — about examples of how what you ’re doing , what you ’re pursuing , is much the same as many of the super heroes out there .
Because they saw a problem .
They encountered something they knew they could fix .
They took a risk to make something better .
Or they simply were born with the skills to make it happen .
However you look at it , super heroes start as side projects .
And sometimes they become startups .
But they have to follow their passion first .
And it has nothing to do with revenue .
Or business acumen .
Or ROI .
It has to do with solving a problem .
And making something better than what exists today .
So what side project are you pursuing ?
You could be the next super hero .
( Image courtesy popculturegeek .
Used under Creative Commons . )
Like this : Like Loading ...
Who owns your favorite organic food label ?
Think most organic products and companies are independent - think again .
Odwalla = Coca -Cola ; Green and Blacks Chocolate = Cadbury ; Cascadian Farms = General Mills .
The list goes on and on .
In fact , if you see it at a chain grocery store , your favorite organic or natural foods product is probably owned by a big corporation .
See the graphic below for your favorite organic brand and their parent company .
It is the natural progression of business .
In 2005 , US organics accounted for 2.6 % of the food market , growing at a rate of 17 - 20 % a year resulting in a $ 52 billion industry in 2008 .
The plus side
Organic food is easy to find , is plentiful and the costs are reasonable .
The food is predictable in quality , flavor and taste .
Often smaller producers have a smaller production line and work in small batches with less strict ingredient or quality controls .
While this can add to the uniqueness , it occasionally can produce unexpected results .
It can expand the organic market , adding and converting farmers and updating practices to the mainstream .
The minus side
It is difficult for small labels to compete , or expand beyond their local distribution network .
Often you will find less variety and more processing as these growing newly - corporate brands age .
The companies may begin to change their values , altering and dropping expensive or non-growth - related practices .
What you can do
If this news is troubling to you , try shopping at smaller local stores and farmers markets .
These are the best ways to find local organic producers and products .
Be proactive - keep up on the practices of your favorite organic brands to ensure they do n’t change once acquired by larger corporations .
Many organic companies retain their management , values and practices and are managed as a ‘ hands off ’ brand .
Since organic practices can vary from company to company ( within the standards ) , it is always a good idea to know the practices of your favorite brands .
Infographic by Philip H Howard of Michigan State University
DEFAULT
Three Filipino journalists have been murdered in separate incidents over the last seven days .
Sun FM broadcaster Desidario Carmangyan was shot on Monday 15 June , when on stage hosting a talent contest in the southern island town of Manay , Joselito Agustin , a broadcaster with DZJC Aksyon Radyo - Laoag , was gunned down on Tuesday by two unidentified motorcyclists near the northern town Baccara whilst walking home from work and on Saturday night , Kastigador reporter Nestor Bedolido was killed after being shot six times outside a karaoke bar in Digos city .
All three had been outspoken about political corruption , malpractice and other illegal activities .
Local authorities say they have set up a special task group to investigate the attacks .
Climate protesters set up a barricade and began playing a game of mini - golf on the asphalt at Aberdeen airport in protest at the environmental damage caused by flying , a court heard today .
A group of nine people , five men and four women , appeared in Aberdeen sheriff court today accused of causing a breach of the peace , causing fear and alarm , and vandalism when they allegedly broke through the airport 's perimeter fence last year .
Claire Sandison , a member of BAA security staff , told the court she discovered the security breach on patrol at 3.35 am on 3 March last year .
" I found a group of people piecing together fencing with bolts , " she said .
" I was very concerned for the safety of the airfield . "
She said she then found a group of five or six people on the airport 's taxiway , which takes aircraft from the terminal area onto the runway , as she drove around the perimeter fence .
She admitted , however , that there were no aircraft using the runway at that time in the morning .
Prosecuting , Alan Townsend , the depute fiscal , asked her : " What else were they doing ? "
She replied : " Playing mini golf with miniature , children 's golf clubs . "
Some of the group were wearing high - visibility jackets and were taking photographs of each other , she added .
Shelagh McCall , a defence lawyer , asked her : " When you say they were playing golf they , were they using plastic golf balls ? "
She replied : " Yes . "
The nine defendants , Dan Glass , 25 , Emilia Kawowska , 19 , Tilly Gifford , 24 , Josie Hanson , 25 , and Jonathan Agnew , 22 , all from Glasgow , Mark Andrews , 25 , from Edinburgh , James Kerr , 34 , from Paisley , William Boggia , 43 , from Ballater , Aberdeenshire , and Kate Mackay , 20 , from Shipley , West Yorkshire , all deny the charges .
Several protesters are accused of climbing onto the airport terminal , causing vandalism to the roof .
The jury was shown pictures taken by a police photographer of a banner hung from the terminal building which read : " Nae Trump Games With Climate Change . "
The jury was shown photographs of three bolt cutters and a fence area covered in tarpaulin along with a bundle of bicycles left on a grassy area outside the grounds .
The frame on one bike read : " Pedalling for the Planet " .
The trial continues .
Trilateral Commission co-founder says infighting amongst elite , combined with awakening of humanity worldwide , is hampering move towards one world government
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , May 19 , 2010
At a recent Council on Foreign Relations speech in Montreal , co-founder with David Rockefeller of the Trilateral Commission and regular Bilderberg attendee Zbigniew Brzezinski warned that a “ global political awakening , ” in combination with infighting amongst the elite , was threatening to derail the move towards a one world government .
Brzezinski explained that global political leadership had become “ much more diversified unlike what it was until relatively recently , ” noting the rise of China as a geopolitical power , and that global leadership in the context of the G20 was “ lacking internal unity with many of its members in bilateral antagonisms . ”
In other words , the global elite is infighting amongst itself and this is hampering efforts to rescue the agenda for global government , which seems to be failing on almost every front .
Brzezinski then explained another significant factor in that , “ For the first time in all of human history mankind is politically awakened – that ’s a total new reality – it has not been so for most of human history . ”
Watch the clip .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Brzezinski continued , “ The whole world has become politically awakened , ” adding that all over the world people were aware of what was happening politically and were “ consciously aware of global inequities , inequalities , lack of respect , exploitation . ”
“ Mankind is now politically awakened and stirring , ” said Brzezinski , adding that this in combination with a fractured elite “ makes it a much more difficult context for any major power , including currently the leading world power , the United States . ”
During a subsequent question and answer session , Brzezinski was asked if he thought another organization should replace the United Nations as the de facto “ one world government , ” to which Brzezinski responded , “ There should be such an organization , ” before pointing out that the UN was not it in its current role .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
As the text at the end of the video makes clear , Brzezinski ’s admission that humanity has undergone a political awakening is not a positive development in the eyes of the elite .
In his 1970 book Between Two Ages : America ’s Role in the Technetronic Era , Brzezinski wrote the following .
“ The technetronic era involves the gradual appearance of a more controlled society .
Such a society would be dominated by an elite , unrestrained by traditional values .
Soon it will be possible to assert almost continuous surveillance over every citizen and maintain up - to - date complete files containing even the most personal information about the citizen .
These files will be subject to instantaneous retrieval by the authorities . ”
The “ elite ” to which Brzezinski refers included many of those who were in attendance for his speech at the CFR meeting .
The global political awakening which Brzezinski discussed represents part of the resistance to that very elite dominated society and the systems of control , subjugation and surveillance that they have imposed upon the human race in pursuit of a “ more controlled society ” and a one world government .
This article was posted : Wednesday , May 19 , 2010 at 10:16 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Milton Friedman on Racial Discrimination By David Henderson
Kentucky candidate for U.S. Senate Rand Paul has made waves lately by saying that he would not have supported the part of the 1964 Civil Rights
Act that violates private persons ’ freedom of association .
He stated that the parts of the Act that forbade discrimination on racial grounds by government were parts he agreed with but that private businesses should be allowed to discriminate on any grounds they chose .
He has since waffled , and even some libertarians have stated that they would have supported coercive government measures to forbid racial discrimination in hiring .
George Mason University law professor David Bernstein , was quoted as saying :
Therefore , to break the Jim Crow cartel , there were only two options : ( 1 ) a federal law invalidating Jim Crow laws , along with a massive federal takeover of local government by the federal government to prevent violence and extralegal harassment of those who chose to integrate ; or ( 2 ) a federal law banning discrimination by private parties , so that violence and harassment would generally be pointless .
If , like me , you believe that it was morally essential to break the Jim Crow cartel , option 2 was the lesser of two evils .
I therefore would have voted for the 1964 Civil Rights Act .
I would be interested in David ’s evidence that there was such a cartel .
The fact of the matter is that this country moved from segregation required by law to segregation forbidden by law without trying freedom of association for a millisecond .
So I do n’t presume to know how much or how quickly segregation would have broken down without the law .
There are strong incentives for employers , unhindered by law , to hire the best person for the job , regardless of race , and it would have been nice to see how well and quickly freedom of association would have worked .
Interestingly , Jennifer Roback has given evidence that among the strongest opponents of laws requiring segregated seating on street cars in the South were . . . street car companies .
It ’s interesting to revisit what Milton Friedman wrote about these issues in his 1962 book , Capitalism and Freedom .
Here ’s an excerpt :
If you 've noticed how many people have voicemail messages that sound like they 're gasping for air when they record them , this simple trick from reader Gregor Samosa will help you leave smooth radio - announcer - quality messages .
Advertisement
Photo by comedy nose .
Inhale deeply , as if you 're about to leap into water , while the computer tells you to wait for the beep before recording your outgoing message .
Wait for the beep .
In a lovely , smoothly modulated voice , leave your outgoing message .
No more " help I 'm drowning sound " to alarm your callers !
Advertisement
Am I the only dolt who had n't figured this out ?
I 've re-recorded so many messages because of the gasp ... but now I gasp no more .
This trick works not only for recording the message people will hear when they dial into your voicemail but also when leaving messages for other people .
If you have a great tip to share , sound off in the comments or head over to #tips and share it with the tips box .
Thanks for the advice , Gregor !
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
How To Avoid a Gasping Sound at the Start of Your Outgoing Voicemail Message [ via # tips ]
EYVIND EARLE was born 1916 in new york city , but moved already after two years with his parents to hollywood .
his father , ferdinand , was a professional painter who had studied with ADOLPHE WILLIAM BOUGUEREAU and ABBOTT McNEILL WHISTLER .
he soon became a busy art director and scenic artist in hollywood .
from early on eyvind was educated by his father in the arts .
when he was ten the parents divorced and eyvind followed his father on longer trips to mexico and europe .
already after a few years , age 14 , he was good enough to have his own art show in southern france .
later at the age of 21 he crossed the northern american continent on his bike , painting a watercolor on each of the 42 days it took him .
already three years later the metropolitan museum of art bought one of his watercolors for its permanent collection .
the same year eyvind started his own christmas card company , printing them as serigraphs .
1951 he joined disney as a background painter , working on FOR WHOM THE BULLS TOIL , MELODY and TOOT , WHISTLE , PLUNK AND BOOM .
finally he was offered the position as production designer , color stylist and background painter for SLEEPING BEAUTY .
paralell during that time he designed for the shorts PIGS IS PIGS , GRAND CANYONSCOPE , PAUL BUNYAN and LONDON BRIDGE .
he colorstyled the night / park sequence in LADY AND THE TRAMP and designed 5 murals for disneyland .
in 1958 he left disney and started his own company , producing commercials and title graphics , as well as the logo trademark trailer for universal pictures .
later in his life he dedicated all his time to painting , becoming very successful with exhibitions in museums and galleries around the world .
in 2000 he passed away , 84 years old .
I want to concentrate in this post and the next ones on EYVIND EARLE’S unparalelled stylistic design for SLEEPING BEAUTY .
from what I have heard from artists they worked with him , he must have been a very difficult character to deal with , very demanding .
well – look at all the designs and BG - paintings he created for SLEEPING BEAUTY !
masterpieces !
usually I am not a big fan of extremely detailed backgrounds , but in this case it is different .
all the detail in his artwork works as a texture like in the medieval gobelins .
he was very careful with the design of these textured elements , like the plants and trees in the forest , the interior of the cottage or the stone walls in the kings castle and the different more mossy walls in maleficent ’s ruins , that the paintings never feel overworked .
on the contrary , they are the perfect stage for the very designed and less detailed characters .
the color - combinations throughout the whole film are some of the most beautiful and tasteful in animation .
© disney enterprises , inc
Bringing you the most opinionated reviews from the world of entertainment !
