The Austin Police Department released dashcam video of a police officer who struck a motorcyclist with his patrol car .
Officer Damon Dunn had just completed a traffic stop near Scofield Ridge Parkway and Mopac on May 29 .
According to the police report , Officer Dunn was putting notes in his computer when he realized he had rolled through a stop sign at the intersection of Magazine and Lamplight Village .
As he rolled through the stop sign , Dunn struck a motorcyle ridden by 74 - year - old Louis Olivier .
Olivier was taken to Brackenridge where he remained in good condition Friday .
No disciplinary action was taken against Officer Dunn .
There is a law enforcement exemption that allows police to use mobile data units , such as computers , in their vehicles while driving .
BP may be getting all the bad headlines these days , but Americans should probably worry more about Exxon Mobil .
Big Oil ’s financial sway over Congress and even the White House has been widely reported – with the overwhelming bulk of oil money going to Republicans .
But Exxon Mobil Corp. stands out among the nation ’s oil giants in one big way : it is quietly spending millions of dollars to fund an enormous , interlocking network of extreme right - wing “ policy ” groups , foundations and think tanks – often with innocuous names – working to shape public opinion and policy .
A glance at the MediaMatters Conservative Transparency project gives the picture .
For example , Exxon has given more than $ 1.2 million to the American Council for Capital Formation .
This group ’s website is filled with attacks on the climate bill now before Congress .
Featured items include an op ed by its senior vice president , Margo Thorning , published May 18 in the Detroit News , headlined “ Climate bill will stall Michigan ’s manufacturing engine . ”
Another featured item , a recent Wall Street Journal interview with ACCP ’s head , Mark Bloomfield , cheerleads cutting the capital gains tax .
Bloomfield boasts he is known as “ Mr. Capital Gains . ”
According to the WSJ article , Bloomfield holds a monthly Washington dinner “ for an eclectic group of members of Congress , corporate executives and journalists . ”
The article says these gatherings “ harken back to a less partisan and hurried time in Washington , when policy was often hashed out informally and off - the - record . ”
Exxon has given $ 1.6 million to the Competitive Enterprise Institute , which calls itself “ a public interest group dedicated to free enterprise and limited government . ”
CEI , says Sourcewatch , “ postures as an advocate of ‘ sound science ’ in the development of public policy .
However , CEI projects dispute the overwhelming scientific evidence that human induced greenhouse gas emissions are driving climate change .
They have a program for “ challenging government regulations ” , push property rights as a solution to environment problems , opposed U.S. vehicle fuel efficiency standards and been a booster for the drug industry . ”
Then there ’s the National Center for Policy Analysis , which Exxon has given $ 520,000 .
It says its goal is “ to develop and promote private alternatives to government regulation and control , solving problems by relying on the strength of the competitive , entrepreneurial private sector . ”
It pushes Social Security privatization and health savings accounts , rather than the dreaded “ Obamacare . ”
Its website sports blurbs from Newt Gingrich and right - wing commentator John Stossel .
According to the National Committee for Responsive Philanthropy , the NCPA prides itself on “ aggressively targeting key political leaders and special interest groups , establishing on - going ties with members of the print and electronic media , and testifying before Congress , federal agencies , state lawmakers , and national organizations . ”
Exxon is one of the top funders of the National Taxpayers Union , to whom it has given $ 315,000 .
NTU calls itself a “ citizen group ” advocating the flat tax – tax cuts for the rich , cutting government services , “ individual liberty , and free enterprise . ”
Grover Norquist was one of NTU ’s executive directors .
Exxon has given $ 531,000 to the Heartland Institute – another “ free market ” group that fights efforts to curb global warming and other environmental measures , and pushes school vouchers and privatization – and $ 385,000 to the right - wing Heritage Foundation .
And on and on .
MediaMatters has an extensive listing .
And Exxon Mobil , alone among the top oil corporations , has joined forces with extreme right - wing funders like the Koch and Scaife family foundations , and others less well known but equally far - right , in this vast stealth effort .
Exxon has given $ 1.9 million to the well - known right - wing American Enterprise Institute .
That ’s small potatoes compared to $ 17 million for the AEI from the top funder of right - wing groups , the Wisconsin - based Lynde and Harry Bradley Foundation , which got its start with the proceeds of the Allen - Bradley Company , manufacturer of rheostats .
Or the $ 8 million for the AEI from the right - wing Smith Richardson Foundation .
financed by the Vicks VapoRub fortune .
Or the $ 6.4 million from the Scaife Foundation , financed by the Mellon industrial , oil , and banking fortune .
But it shows the kind of company Exxon Mobil keeps .
Exxon has given $ 265,000 to the Manhattan Institute , funded by the same collection of right - wing foundations .
The Manhattan Institute , frequently cited as a source in major media like The New York Times , without any mention of the extreme - right nature of its funding , trumpets “ market - oriented policies ” and says it is aimed at “ shaping American political culture and developing ideas that foster economic choice and individual responsibility . ”
It holds forums and conferences , and produces publications , books and a quarterly magazine “ City Journal . ”
Its website features a June 27 article in the New York Daily News by institute fellow Diana Furchtgott - Roth attacking the effort to pass a “ living wage ” law in New York City .
She calls a “ waste of money ” a law that would require new projects that receive city subsidies to pay workers $ 11.50 an hour or $ 10 an hour plus health benefits .
Over and over , for what Hillary Clinton once perceptively called the “ vast right - wing conspiracy , ” Exxon Mobil ’s name pops up among the funders .
The far right in our country is n’t just tea party “ wackos . ”
To get to the root , a good place to start would be Exxon Mobil .
Photo : Exxon Mobil Corp Chairman and CEO Rex W. Tillerson speaks at a news conference in Dallas last year , where he sought to defend the company ’s record on climate change .
( AP / Mike Stone )
" ... the uncomfortable issue of race stared everyone in the face , but local officials and the media have bent over backwards to look away ..."******************************** The presidency of Barack Obama was supposed to bring about racial progress and reconciliation .
From San Francisco to New York , the rough and tumble of America ’s urban centers have steadfastly refused to succumb to his message of hope and change .
Instead , they have showed , through numerous recent examples , that hatred and cowardice – as delivered from African - Americans to Asians – is not only alive and kicking , but heinous and potentially lethal .** In April , two black teenagers punched 59 - year - old Tian Sheng Yu in the mouth in downtown Oakland , California .
He fell on his head , spent the next few days in critical care and subsequently died .**
Between late March and early April , five black teenagers assailed five different older Asian women , including one who was 71 , on separate occasions in or near a public housing project on the Lower East Side of New York City .** In late March , five black teenagers surrounded a 57 - year - old Asian woman at a light rail bus stop in San Francisco ; one of them grabbed her and threw her from the platform onto the rails before he proceeded to beat her .
** In January , black teenagers kicked and beat 83 - year - old Huan Chen after he got off the same bus stop .
He , too , died from his injuries .
Last fall , two young black men grabbed 64 - year - old Rongshi Chen on his way to a convenience store in San Francisco , threw him onto the concrete , kicked his ribs and broke his collarbone before they took his cash , credit cards and identification .
The criminals target not just the old and the weak but also the young and vibrant ...** In late March in San Francisco , a group of black teenagers beat a 29 - year - old Asian man .
.. Similarly , the two teenagers who attacked Tian Sheng Yu in Oakland assaulted his 27 - year - old son before and after they assaulted the father .
Some of the perpetrators , like those who attacked the 83 - year - old Huan Chen , wanted money before they ran off laughing .
.. Many , however , acted for no apparent reason than just the satisfaction of perpetrating a beating itself .
After the attacks , the uncomfortable issue of race stared everyone in the face , but local officials and the media have bent over backwards to look away .
San Francisco Supervisor Sophie Blackwell was eager to label the attackers as just thugs who targeted the “ weak and vulnerable .
” San Francisco Police Chief George Gascon insisted that the attacks against Asians were “ crimes of opportunity , ” not incidents of racial targeting .
Oakland City Council member Jean Quan discounted the role of race as well , BLAMING the Chinese residents of Oakland for making themselves “ easier targets ” through their frequent failure to report crimes committed against them .
New York City ’s mainstream local media sources , including WCBS and NBC New York , FAILED TO REPORT THE RACE of the teenagers who terrorized five different ELDERLY ASIAN WOMEN on the Lower East Side , even though their race was there for the world to see , on surveillance video .
In the age of Obama , racial honesty , or even racial soul searching , is apparently too much to ask for .
Those in charge of the law , politics and opinion have rendered their verdict ( i.e. , no racism ) and everyone else is supposed to go home .
Yet Asian residents of America ’s urban centers , normally apolitical and non-confrontational , have refused to play along .
At least not this time .
At a community meeting with Oakland Police Chief Anthony Batts , dozens of Chinese residents , many tearfully and through a translator , relayed their stories of having been mugged or beaten by black youths .
At the same meeting , Young Kong , host of a Cantonese radio program in San Francisco , shouted , “ People are afraid to talk about race !
” Si Chen , the daughter - in - law of Mr. Rongshi Chen , the man who was mugged and beaten in San Francisco last fall , told the San Francisco Chronicle : “ I do n’t like to say this is race discrimination , but I have to say it !
” Do these shabbily dressed , English deficient Asian people know something that their much more polished and much better educated government and media representatives do not ?
Has facing the terror of America ’s inner cities day after day skewed their objectivity , and rendered them blind to the reality that blacks , whites and other races fall victim to black violence just as Asians do ?
Or do their tears and outbursts result from having been at the receiving end of not just the rampant violence but also the endless racial slurs that blacks — and to a lesser extent – Hispanics , regularly dish out at Asians in dangerous and crowded urban settings ?
Could it be that maybe , just maybe , they live in a society that prefers to believe that racial progress can only come from affirmative action programs doled out for “ underrepresented ” minorities and this same society just cannot bring itself to acknowledge disgraceful behavior from minorities ?
Could it be that when American society and its universities teach that minorities such as blacks and Hispanics can only be victims of racism , not racists themselves , such a society can only meet minority racism with excuses , and minority wrongdoing with an averted gaze ?
Racist attitudes and racially motivated crimes in the inner city have existed for a long time , long before surveillance cameras captured them for distribution on the Internet .
Now the images shock the consciences of all those who live in safer neighborhoods and prefer not to face the horrors that one human being could inflict one another .
Everyone agrees , something must be done , but what ?** It is crucial , as everyone now urges , that the criminals be brought to justice .
It is just as important , as both law enforcement and civilians insist , to impose law and order on lawless streets .
Ultimately , however , safer streets and more secure neighborhoods depend in no small part on the willingness of residents to demand personal responsibility from everyone and condemn racist behavior across the board .
Right now , even those reviled by the recent spate of black - on - Asian violence eagerly dismiss the role that race plays , just as mainstream society hurriedly discount black racism toward Asians as anecdotal .
Well , these accounts can only be anecdotal because no one is interested in conducting statistics , studies or polls – and few are willing to write articles — on the issue .
Most Asians who have suffered from ghetto racism rarely , if ever , air their grievances to those outside of their own communities , either because they do not speak English well or they wish to avoid trouble .
In the end , few people talk about this painful subject and even fewer are willing to believe it .** For now , the only solution appears to be more anecdotes .
Below , I offer my own :
It conveys my experience as a seventh grader growing up in Oakland , California in the late 1980s .
It describes racism – largely from blacks and Hispanics — that Asians regularly experience in inner-city areas throughout America .
I hope that my anecdote will allow others to see exactly what it is like to live in an environment that daily allows the ugliness of racism to occur unquestioned and unchallenged .
Any reporter , researcher or policymaker who wishes to dig deeper will find an endless of supply of other stories like or worse than mine throughout this country .
I share my story not to obfuscate the racism that many blacks continue to face in this country .
Nor am I trying to detract from the friendship , kindness and helping hands that blacks regularly offer to Asians immigrants in this country .
I share my story because racism is complicated and multifaceted , but it is ugly no matter where it originates .
In modern America , racism consists of dimensions beyond white versus black and involves conflicts among racial minorities themselves .
It could be countered with better parenting , better families and better communities .
But racial equality , along with peace and harmony , also requires an American society that can confront this painful issue with more honesty , a society is that is willing demand from everyone something that the first black president of the United States has repeatedly urged the black community to grasp : some personal responsibility .
It is worth more than a million affirmative action programs .
[ Editor 's note :
The names of the individuals who appear in the following personal account have been altered to protect their privacy ] .
My Story : The Fight in the GhettoThe walk to school was less than fifteen minutes , but it always felt like an eternity .
Each morning , I dreaded the walk and walked slowly .
I was never late , but I always tried to delay my arrival , even if only by a few minutes .
I was in the seventh grade and attended a public school in the inner city Oakland , California .
I hated my school and my fellow students .
More than anything else , I hated the frequent threat of violence and the constant presence of racism .
I stood out academically .
With the exception of physical education , I took “ gifted ” or advance classes for students my age .
I also took math classes that normally admitted only eighth and ninth graders .
The following year , I would skip the eighth grade and take advanced classes that my junior high school did not offer – a chemistry class at a high school in the morning and advanced algebra and trigonometry at a community college in the evening .
Most who knew me at school thought I was strange and looked at me funny .
The eighth and ninth graders with whom I took math classes appeared to resent me most of all .
I wore thick glasses and shabby clothing , and remained uninterested in their goofing off or their flirtations with the opposite sex .
To my older classmates , no one should have been studying as hard as I did in seventh grade .
I thought differently , believing that hard work and academic excellence could lead to great things .
No one told me that stellar grades in the seventh grade did not count toward college admissions or life in general .
My parents did not speak English and could not advise me .
Our family had arrived from China only three years ago .
None of the adults at my school counseled me to enjoy my adolescence rather than bury my head in books and equations .
My instructors and counselors had bigger problems to worry about : students who toted weapons , engaged in drug use or participated in gang activity .
There was little else that I wanted to do with my time anyway .
I had few friends and did almost no socializing outside of school .
Much of junior high consisted of students with whom I could not or did not wish to be friends anyway .
My school was predominantly black , increasingly Asian and Hispanic and barely white .
Often , black students screamed racial epithets at the Asian ones .
“ Ching Chong , ” “ Chinamen ” and “ Chow Mein ” became our names .
Sometimes , our tormentors imitated how we spoke our native tongues .
On other occasions , they threatened to or actually did physically assault us .
No one ever doubted who would win in a fight .
Along with other Asian students , I did my best to avoid any risk of physical confrontation — those who openly and regularly uttered racial epithets always appeared ready to back up their threats with violence .
When blacks made fun of the “ Chinamen ” among them , I said nothing .
When black teenagers screamed at the middle aged Cantonese woman in the cafeteria and called her a “ stupid Chinaman , ” I , along with all the other Asian students present , did nothing .
When black students routinely threatened to beat up their Asian classmates , who were generally smaller in size , I looked away .
When black girls yelled after me , “ Look at that ugly ass skirt that stupid Chinese girl is wearing , ” I pretended that I did not hear them .
Black racism did not end at the school fence .
Black teenagers regularly hurled racial insults at adult Asian immigrants who spoke limited English on the streets of Oakland .
They also frequently crept up behind elderly Asians and frightened them with sing - song nonsense , such as “ Yee - ya , ching - chong , ay - yahhhh ! ” Meanwhile , numerous black adults discriminated against Asian immigrants as well , at the grocery store , on the bus , at the hospital , the unemployment office and everywhere and anywhere .
Each time , I gritted my teeth , felt a burning rage but watched the racism take place , in silence .
If ever , my rage burned so hot that I felt compelled to respond , my compulsion would quickly cool when confronted with the embarrassing fact that the other “ Chinamen ” nearby – Chinese , Vietnamese , Koreans , Filipinos and anyone else who looked Asian – always pretended as if they were not witnesses to my anger or the incidents that caused it .
The Hispanic students at school were slightly better .
Many of those who spoke English joined the black students in bullying and racially discriminating against Asians .
The more recent immigrants , however , did not speak enough English to dish out racial slurs .
Like many Asian immigrants , they , too , wore shabby clothing and came from impoverished families trying to eke out a living .
They spoke Spanish and tended to congregate among themselves .
Every now and then , I spent time with them .
Maybe our immigrant experiences unified us , but our language and cultural barriers , as well as the discriminatory behavior of other Hispanics , always kept me from becoming their close friends .
Meanwhile , the large Asian student population at school provided me with little comfort .
Although I ate lunch each day with a couple of nice Chinese girls , we did little else together .
I dreaded spending time with a vast majority of the Asians at school .
Many were Chinese ; many others were Vietnamese immigrants of Chinese descent .
We had little in common .
I regularly immersed myself in Chinese text , such as multi-volume Chinese martial arts novels that weaved stories about ambition , power , love , betrayal before a backdrop of dynastic rule , political insurrections and military strategy .
The other Chinese - speaking students preferred to discuss the appearances of actors and actresses from Hong Kong , the latest Chinese soap opera on television and other mindless subjects .
Many of these Asian students simply thought that I was stuck up and unfriendly , or both .
Which was fine .
I did not expect them to understand .
I expected even less from the white students .
They made up an extremely small minority but along with certain Asian students , were always present in the small number of classes offered to “ gifted ” students .
Compared to other racial groups in Oakland , white people tended to be better dressed , better educated , more polite .
Rarely did they threaten to assault Chinese people physically or berate us racially .
Many of the white students were cordial and friendly but I found little to talk about with them .
Most of them lived a much more sanitized life than I .
While I lined up , along with much of the school , each day for government subsidized lunches , the white students brought or bought their own .
While I lived in an apartment on a crime - strewn street , they mostly lived in the hills , where the grass was greener and streets safer .
While they talked about movie stars , boy bands and shopping , I had never been inside a movie theater in America , did not listen to popular music and had little money to shop for anything .
Then one day , I forgot about my relentless pursuit of academic achievement , my fervent love for Chinese novels and my inability to relate to my peers .
I had a decision to make : Was I or was I not going to remain a “ Chinaman ” ?
A Mexican girl had gotten right in my face , and I could see her spit flying as she threatened , “ You stupid Chinese bitch , I ’m going to kick your ass !
” Just minutes ago , we were sitting on the floor mats inside a small room .
We were in the middle of gym class .
Our instructor was telling us that we would play basketball among ourselves today .
He would disappear and leave us unsupervised , as he often did .
Right before the instructor sent us outside , the Mexican girl behind me growled , “ Moooove , you Chinaman .
You ’re in my way . ”
I looked around .
The floor mat was filled with students and she wanted more space .
“ Bitch , moooove , ” the Mexican girl on the floor mat repeated her demand .
“ No , you move , ” I responded with neither certainty nor conviction .
Confrontation was not my forte .
The Mexican girl did not share my compunction .
Like many others at my junior high , she showed up at school but did not learn ; went to class but did not study .
She liked to puff herself up as a badass who was ready to fight her way through any disagreement .
Yet she rarely picked fights with those bigger than her in size .
Instead , she regularly dished out racial slurs to those who looked Chinese .
Against us , her epithets rarely elicited a response .
She was now visibly agitated .
“ Listen , you Chinese bitch , ” she threatened .
“ If you do n’t move , I ’m gonna make you . ” I did not move .
Her first punch landed on my right thigh , a couple of inches above the knee .
I saw the muscle twitch and contract .
I had never been physically attacked by a racist before .
In the past , I had always managed to stay quiet or walk away .
I punched back .
Then she hit me again , and I responded in kind .
I was no stranger to fist fights .
At home , scuffles with an older brother , who was some thirty to forty pounds heavier , regularly took place .
In comparison , getting hit by a Mexican girl who was not much bigger was entirely unremarkable .
There was , however , something deeply unsettling about being in a fight at school .
Fighting was for punks , gangsters , and losers who would amount to no good , not for a super nerd with a 4.0 grade point average .
Students in our gym class started to file outside .
I got up to leave as well , hoping that that would be the end of the scuffle .
It was not .
The Mexican girl followed me .
Her usual posse , which consisted of about three other Hispanic girls , surrounded us outside .
Racial slurs started to fly .
“ Yeah , kick her Chinese ass ! ” “ Chinese bitch ! ” “ Stupid Chinaman ! ”
The Mexican girl ’s friends egged her on .
The Mexican girl was now in my face .
She would stay in my face for the rest of class , taunting and cursing .
Every now and then , she would attack physically .
Each time , I would respond , but without her fervor .
When the Mexican girl attacked , her friends would cheer and yell more racial epithets at the Chinaman .
When she engaged in trash talk , they would laugh .
Throughout the confrontation , others came and went to watch .
Not all of them were her friends , but none was mine .
Perhaps my friends did not know .
Perhaps they did and just chose to stay away .
I had few friends anyway .
Michelle , a Filipina girl with whom I had gone to elementary school , was the only one who was nearby .
We were not particularly close , but we had been cordial ever since fourth grade .
She had always been nice to me , and to everyone else .
A few days before , we had lunch together in the school courtyard .
Instead of throwing away her soda can , she handed it to the older Asian man who scoured the campus each day , hunched over with a large bag , to collect cans and bottles for recycling .
Right then and there , a couple of black students in the courtyard yelled in his direction : “ Hey , Chinaman , come take this can ! ” I winced .
Michelle said nothing , and neither did I .
Now , out of the corner of my eye , I saw her at a basketball court that was within earshot of every word uttered in the fight , but she did not look our way .
With her back turned toward us , she repeatedly tried to shoot a ball into the basket .
She would stay there repeating the same motion , by herself , for the rest of the class .
I felt the cold wind as it blew through my thin white sweater .
It was nearing the end of the fall semester .
Winter was on the cusp of its arrival in California .
Frigidity was creeping into my limbs , interrupted only by the periodic blow from the Mexican girl .
“ Man , her braces hella stink , ” the Mexican girl was getting on with her trash talk .
I had to get on with mine : “ You look like a fucking mummy . ”
Trash talking was not a skill that I had practiced in the three short years that I had been speaking English .
Without even thinking about it , I invoked the latest topic in my world history class .
We were in the middle of studying ancient Egypt .
Someone watching on the sidelines murmured , “ What ’s a mummy ? ”
The target of my insult , however , understood the reference perfectly .
She had good reason to .
Like many other female junior high school students in the ghetto , she wore heavy and cheap makeup .
It added a thick layer of brown to her face and made it lifeless .
The brown was complemented by extremely dark eyeliner that made her eyes look hollow .
Her lipstick , bright red , accentuated the lifelessness of the rest of her face and revealed a mouth full of braces and yellow teeth .
“ What did you call me ?
I do n’t look like a mummy .
You ’re the fucking mummy , you Chinese bitch .
”
“ Go fuck yourself , you Mexican ho . ”
The audience gasped .
No one blinked when blacks and Hispanics , or anyone else , insulted Asians with racial slurs , but since Asians never responded in kind , or at all , my response appeared scandalous .
Trading racial slurs may have been a stupid way of combating racism and ignorance , but in the seventh grade , standing there alone , it was the only response I could offer .
My racial slur sparked another physical scuffle .
It ended when a tall black girl , Tyesha , stood between me and the Mexican girl and said , “ C’mon , Nina , do n’t get into a fight . ”
Tyesha used to sit in front of me in class in the fourth grade .
We met on my first day of school in America .
At first , when I could not speak English , we said hello to and smiled .
When my English gradually improved , we conversed , often with the help of hand gestures .
When my English improved further , I helped her with math , a subject with which she always had difficulty .
Back then , I was “ Nina ” and Tyesha was one of the first black people I had ever seen in my life .
At the time , I did not know what racism was and believed that everyone in America had an English name .
By junior high , I had reverted to my given name .
At the same time , I was getting to know racism far more intimately than I ever wanted to .
Tyesha was now telling me and the Mexican girl to break up the fight .
She was an entire head taller than both of us .
When neither of us showed any interest in heeding her advice , Tyesha started to laugh .
The nerdy Chinese girl who once did not speak English was now getting into a fight with her Mexican friend .
It was all very funny to her .
After a few laughs , she left us to find entertainment elsewhere .
She had not come to break up the fight after all .
She could have , but did not , stay to take part in the jeering on the sidelines .
Perhaps she would have had I not been “ Nina ” but some Chinaman that she did not know .
Whatever her intentions , the few minutes when she stood between me and the Mexican girl – when she did not exactly take my side and in fact prevented me from hitting anyone – offered me the only respite from feeling entirely alone in the fight .
When she took off , I returned to the trash talk and physical confrontation .
Nearby , Michelle was still shooting hoops with her back turned toward us .
The fight continued its course until the bell rang .
The Mexican girl and her posse decided to go to their next class .
So with a bit more trash talking and jeering from the sidelines , they left .
Michelle was now gone from the basketball court too .
There was nothing that she could have done had she stood by my side .
She would have risked being physically attacked herself .
Like most Asian girls , she did not swear , rarely yelled and never traded racial insults .
She looked just as Chinese as I and befriended mostly Chinese people .
The remarks from the Mexican girl that started the fight could have been uttered to her just as they were uttered to me .
They were not .
So she pretended as if she were not there .
I never forgave her .
I slowly walked over to the locker room to change for my next class .
My hands were freezing .
In the cold , no other Chinamen shared my anger or my frustration , even if they daily shared my humiliation .
Incredulous friends and acquaintances alike came up to me throughout the rest of the day .
Many asked , “ You called her a Mexican ho ?
Why ? ”
Upon discovering my reasons ( “ because she called me a Chinese bitch ” ) , their look of incredulity gave way to either confusion or bemusement .
A pretty Asian girl in one of my “ gifted ” classes looked like she wanted to ask why that was worth fighting over , but she must have seen the fatigue in my eyes and just walked away .
A big white girl – the only white person I knew at that school who lived in a neighborhood worse than mine and who regularly resorted to racial epithets against Asians — nearly broke out in laughter .
She did not , perhaps because she still needed to copy my homework for our next class .
No one asked if I was physically hurt .
I did not report the incident to any of the school ’s instructors or administrators .
They would not have cared , and even if they did , they would have done nothing .
Like a zombie , I went from class to class the rest of the day .
When school ended , I slowly dragged myself home .
As much as I disliked junior high , I never rejoiced on the way home .
On most days , I was too tired .
Racism , and the outrage and bitterness that it fostered , always accompanied me .
Over time , they festered and multiplied .
On this day , I chose not to be a Chinaman , but the upshot made clear that I was just a foul - mouth nerd who got into fights she could not win .
At home that evening , I did not discuss the fight .
There were no bruises and no marks on my body and no need for any explanation .
My parents worked twelve to sixteen hour days at subminimum wage jobs .
They did not need to worry about a daughter who got into schoolyard brawls , whatever the reason .
I did my best to appear chipper , and did such a good job that my brother observed , “ You seem really happy today .
You must have had a good day at school . ”
I mumbled an unintelligible noise and he took it as a “ yes .
” The next day , I would dread going to school once again .
Ying Ma is a visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution .
She is currently working on a book titled , From Guangzhou to the Ghetto .
Eminem has been taking new tracks all over Europe as part of a promotional tour for his forthcoming album , Recovery .
Following a mid-May debut at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 ( his third number one to date ) , “ Not Afraid ” follows in the vein of Relapse , further documenting his path to sobriety , but this time without the skits and alter - egos .
During his European media blitz , Eminem stopped by Le Live du Grand Journal to perform his latest single .
While it ’s hard not to miss the good old days when Em still displayed a sense of humor about himself , one ca n’t help but react to his emphatically delivered performance to his fans as he raps :
“ It was my decision to get clean , I did it for me / Admittedly , I probably did it subliminally / for you , so I could come back a brand new me . ”
Recovery is released June 22 . [ 2 Dopeboyz ]
June 24 , 2010 --
Five high - sodium foods -- not all of them salty tasting -- are a big reason why nine in 10 Americans get way too much sodium every day .
New CDC data show that only 9.6 % of U.S. adults limit their daily sodium intake to recommended levels .
Where 's all that sodium coming from ?
From salt , mostly .
But only 10 % of it comes from our shakers .
An estimated 77 % comes from sodium in processed or restaurant foods .
" All food categories contribute to sodium intake .
But grains and meat -- the foods we eat most -- contribute the most sodium , " Elena V. Kuklina , MD , PhD , senior service fellow at the CDC 's division of heart disease and stroke prevention , tells WebMD .
But the CDC report identifies five foods that give Americans most of their sodium :
Yeast breads
Chicken and mixed chicken dinners
Pizza
Pasta dishes
Cold cuts
The three food groups from which we get the most sodium include some surprises :
In an interview with MTV , The Last Airbender writer / director M. Night Shyamalan confirmed that he filmed scenes with the Kyoshi Warriors for the film but does not plan on including them on the upcoming Blu-ray Disc and DVD release .
“ I do want to show some of the scenes I cut out , ” he explained .
“ I probably wo n’t show the Kyoshi Warriors because I want to save them for the second movie , because I ’m going to have to introduce them all over again . ”
Similarly director J.J. Abrams filmed Klingon scenes for Star Trek that were removed from the final cut .
Though Klingons could still appear in Star Trek 2 , Abrams was comfortable enough with the scenes to include them on the Blu-ray and DVD .
Before there ’s a The Last Airbender 2 with Kyoshi Warriors the first film needs to prove successful enough for Paramount to make another huge investment .
Reviews have been harsh across the board and box office returns fair but not great .
Shyamalan goes on to confirm that there will be no director ’s cut of The Last Airbender on home video as his theatrical cut is always the final cut .
He does plan on including a bevy of scenes including that were deemed too comical for the final cut .
Tomorrow , at the IMPACT conference , IBM plans to unveil CityOne , a video game that plops you into the role of being a city planner , trying to solve the sorts of business and environmental problems that grip today ’s modern cities .
The ultimate aim for this so - called “ serious game ” is to teach laypeople how to better cope with complex modern problems by showing them the forest of solutions that have to be brought to bear , ranging from technological wizardry like smart grids , to better IT , to smart environmental policy .
( Presumably , the aide of IBM will come in handy somewhere down the road , given the company ’s investments in many of these technologies . )
The game ’s premise is based on the real world : Cities
already consume 75 % of the world ’s energy and cause 80 % of its carbon emissions .
And they ’re growing at a blistering pace :
The world ’s urban population is expected to double by 2050 .
So cities have to grow smarter if they ’re to support the massive population migrations that are happening worldwide .
CityOne is much like Sim City , only the problems are scarily real , ranging among energy , water , banking , and retail .
So , for example , one day you might get hit by a rapid increase in water usage due to population growth–while you ’re still losing 40 % of your water supply to leaky pipes .
( This is actually reality , in decrepit megalopolises such as Mumbai and Mexico City . )
To fix that problem , you ’ll have to carefully install a real - time water management system .
Or , to encourage growth in small - businesses , you ’ll have to set up an infrastructure of mobile payments , dynamic invoicing , and micro-lending .
Clear your Friday night schedule .
Nancy Pearson , an
IBM vice president , says that the games let people “ inherently comprehend … the potential business outcomes that
can result . ”
In other works , the meaning of saving the money ( and the earth ) through the power of IBM should become a lot clearer to you than it was through all those hazy branding campaigns .
I live in Washington , D.C .
I have lived here since I moved to this great city from my native California in 1999 , to attend graduate school .
Back then , I went home at least twice a year ; between Priceline.com ’s $ 125 roundtrip fares and living three miles from Reagan National Airport , flying to NorCal was as easy as taking the “ Metroliner ” to New York City .
I loved traveling .
I loved the excitement , the anticipation , the permission I gave myself to buy mind - rotting magazines and over - priced candy from Hudson News , right before sauntering up to my gate .
Then , everything changed .
Traveling was no longer glamorous and thrilling , it was fraught and terrifying .
Was it going to happen again ?
How could we stop it ?
How do you protect a massive , liberty - loving nation from crazed zealots who are willing to sacrifice their own lives for some twisted ideal ?
Security .
Lots and lots of security .
Lining up to be screened for hidden box -cutters or submitting to more thorough searches through our baggage made sense .
We were trying to protect this country .
We kept repeating , “ Never again . ”
But somewhere between justifiable caution and utterly comprehensible fear , common sense was lost .
What replaced it was an obtuse over - reliance on the obvious– but not your obvious or mine , no .
It was the “ obviousness ” of the ignorant which suddenly became a battering ram of blunt discrimination used to profile , persecute and pervert .
I kept flying home , but now it took hours .
Hours to get through security .
Hours stuck during layovers in random cities .
Hours to get to and from the airport , because my Mother was no longer able to pull up to a curb and wait five minutes for her child to leave baggage claim .
And when I did leave baggage claim , I did what I always had – I rushed in to her waiting arms to be held , except now , instead of mutual joy , I was looking for comfort .
“ They pulled me out of line and checked me TWICE ” , I ’d howl .
And the more often it happened , the less I wanted to fly , anywhere .
Watching everybody else get on a plane EXCEPT for the vaguely brown - looking people was depressing , then infuriating .
When concerns were raised initially about how racist TSA ’s procedures were , how discernment had been replaced with straight - up discrimination , things got worse , in my experience .
I still got pulled out of line , but so did an 89 - year old WASP in a wheelchair , in considerable pain , who was flying home to die .
Watching TSA brusquely shove him around in his chair , looking for a weapon he was presumably sitting on , while he trembled broke my heart .
Yes , this was justice indeed .
Now the “ extra screenings ” were being conducted on brown people and the vulnerable , common sense be damned .
I thought of all of this because I read this :
Azaad Singh cried when he entered the glass enclosure at the Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , airport for extra screening .
He was patted down .
His bag was searched .
And then the security officer went through his prized possessions : his first Elmo book , his second Elmo book , his mini-mail truck .
Azaad , whose name means “ freedom , ” is an American and a Sikh .
He ’s 18 months old . [ AP ]
Because all Desis are barely two degrees apart , I think I have seen pictures of this child on Facebook .
That made it even harder to read this news story , because my brain immediately fleshed out a grainy mental movie , starring this baby .
I could picture him scared , crying and confused , and my heart cracked a bit .
No , it ’s not going to ruin his life and I ’m sure he ’s recovered quickly and is doing well .
But I ca n’t help but hang my head in sorrow for the path this country is on , for the choices which are being made which result in “ Security Theater ” vs. actual security .
Part of me wants to cry for Azaad , because he ’ll never know the America that I grew up in , that I enjoyed for 26 years before everything went horribly wrong .
I know , the correct response to this maelstrom of feelings is to get motivated , to get up , stand up , and shout for change .
I ’m willing to do that , but I ’m also grimly aware of how much work it will take– and how little will come to us , as a result of it .
I have the right to be dismayed .
I do n’t have many rights left .
I ’m keeping that one .
Azaad ’s father , Amardeep Singh , told a House hearing Thursday that he ’s not sure how he ’ll one day explain to Azaad why he and his Sikh family seems to always need extra screening . [ AP ]
Now just to be clear– this is not our Amardeep Singh , who blogs at Sepia Mutiny and also has a precious toddler son .
I do n’t want to confuse anyone .
I can’t imagine how he ’s feeling .
I fly ( ha. ) in to a livid rage when a dog bullies my puppy at the dog park .
I ca n’t fathom what feelings churn within when it is your baby being intimidated .
The House Judiciary civil rights subcommittee is exploring potential legislation to stop racial profiling .
Witnesses proposed that Congress require studies to document how often particular groups of victims are stopped or arrested and whether they were threats to the United States .
Legislation also should provide for legal redress for those who were wronged .
Witnesses told the committee that profiling remains a national problem for African - Americans ; Hispanics are increasingly victims , especially in states and communities that have cracked down on illegal immigrants ; and , since Sept. 11 , 2001 , Muslims and Sikhs have been regularly targeted .
“ It ’s not fair .
It ’s not safe .
It ’s not American , ” said Singh , who was returning from a family vacation in Mexico two months ago when the incident occurred in Fort Lauderdale .
He ’s director of programs of The Sikh Coalition .
He testified wearing a traditional Sikh turban . [ AP ]
He ’s right .
It ’s not fair , it ’s not keeping us safe and it ’s not American .
And poor little baby Azaad deserves more than this depraved reality show he was forced to star in , at the airport .
EXCLUSIVE : Humans fled Earth to colonize a distant planet in " Avatar , " and now they could be do it again in " The Martian Chronicles . "
Sources say that John Davis , the Fox - based producer behind such science - fiction hits as " Alien vs. Predator " and " I , Robot , " has optioned film rights to the Ray Bradbury classic , in which humans land on Mars after a cataclysmic disaster and interact / clash with the natives in a series of interlinked adventures .
Bradbury 's 1950 short - story collection has made it to the screen before , in a 1980 television miniseries that starred Rock Hudson and Bernadette Peters .
But 30 years later , there 's plenty more that technology ( and 3 - D? ) could bring to the tales .
There 's certainly ample narrative material in the book , which chronicle much of the action from humans ' point of view , with some philosophical inquiry layered atop the pulp stories .
One thing that may need to change , however , is the timing : Bradbury 's original book set a chunk of the stories in the distant future -- in 2000 and 2005 .
-- Steven Zeitchik
Twitter.com/ZeitchikLAT
Photo : " The Martian Chronicles . "
Credit : Doubleday Dell
RECENT AND RELATED :
Hollywood hopes for a game - changer in ' Avatar '
Searching for Ray Bradbury
Ray Bradbury brings his dark carnival to Santa Monica
GROUP A : FRANCE IN DISARRAY : Chaos reigns in the France camp with the expulsion of striker Nicolas Anelka and players refusing to train
THERE ARE some rather uncanny similarities between the conflict in the French squad that erupted into public view yesterday in Knysna and certain events of Saipan eight years ago .
Take the conflicting versions of events , the bitter recriminations over leaks to the press and the way events have been reported , the promise of an internal inquiry when everyone gets home , the general chaos and , most obviously , the expulsion itself of a key player from the squad after his refusal to apologise for insulting his coach ,
There are , however , significant differences too , not least the scale of the underlying problems which have prompted not just the departure of Nicolas Anelka but also the resignation of the team director , Jean - Louis Valentin , the fact that the French Federation rather than the coach took the decision to expel the player and the unanimous backing Anelka has received from his team - mates in the wake of the action taken against him for his outburst at half - time in Thursday ’s defeat by Mexico in Polokwane .
Domenech , who is to be replaced by Laurent Blanc after this World Cup , also appears to have been humiliated in a way that Mick McCarthy never was and it seems somewhat remarkable at this stage that he does not simply walk in advance of his side ’s critically important game against South Africa in Bloemfontein .
In a bizarre turn of events yesterday the coach found himself reading a statement from his players to the media at the team ’s temporary training base in Knysna , in which they condemned the expulsion of Anelka .
This was after he had spoken to the squad for 20 minutes on the team bus with the curtains closed .
Perhaps the only consolation for the team ’s supporters is that the players seem finally to be agreed on something , even if it is their rejection of the stand taken by the French Federation in support of their coach .
Any hopes the federation hierarchy might have been harbouring that they would be able to draw a line under Anelka ’s enforced departure comprehensively evaporated yesterday afternoon when the remaining players decided that they would not take part in the scheduled public training session but only sign autographs for fans who had turned up to watch .
Robert Duverne , the squad ’s fitness coach , appears to have been angered when he heard the news and an altercation ensued with team captain Patrice Evra which Domenech had to break up .
When the team director , Jean - Louis Valentin failed to persuade the players to change their minds he stormed off , throwing his World Cup accreditation badge to the ground , denouncing their stand as “ a disgrace ” and announcing his intention to leave immediately for Paris and resign from his job as managing director of the federation .
On Saturday , Evra had sought to play down the significance of Anelka ’s row with Domenech in which he is alleged to have told the coach to : “ F*** off you dirty son of a whore , ” insisting that the more important question was the identity of the person who leaked the story to the media .
As he departed yesterday a tearful Valentin denied that he had been the guilty party on that score .
Domenech , meanwhile , acknowledged the importance of the story becoming public , insisting that he had not had a huge problem with Anelka ’s outburst in the circumstances but that his refusal to apologise became a major stumbling block once the incident had gone beyond the confines of the dressingroom .
“ This was not a confrontation , ” said the coach .
“ People can not imagine the pressure .
You are in the dressingroom , the trainer says something to a player who is already under pressure , they are annoyed for a minute and words are said .
“ He reacted in a way which is not ideal .
But what he said in the corner ( of the dressingroom , where Anelka was sitting as Domenech criticised him for drifting out of position during the game ’s first half and announced that he would be replaced for the second ) is unimportant .
“ The problem was in - house and I had left it .
Everything stayed between us .
That was management .
The only thing that I can reproach him for is not having come to apologise .
Afterwards , when it came out ( in the press ) the decision of the federation was the right one . ”
The players , unsurprisingly , begged to differ .
In their statement they made it clear they supported Anelka unreservedly .
“ If we regret the incident which occurred at half - time of the match between France and Mexico , ” they said in their statement , “ we regret even more the leak of an event which should have remained within the group and which is quite common in a high - level team .
At the request of the squad , the player in question attempted to have dialogue but his approach was ignored .
“ For its part , the French Football Federation has at no time tried to protect the squad .
It has made a decision ( to send Anelka home ) without consulting all the players , on the basis of the facts reported by the press .
“ Accordingly , and to mark the opposition to those at the highest level of French football , all the players decided not to train today .
Out of respect for the public who came to attend training , we decided to go to meet the fans who , by their presence , showed their full support .
“ For our part , we are aware of our responsibilities as those wearing the colours of our country .
Also for those we have towards our fans and countless children who keep Les Bleus as role models .
We forget none of our duties .
We will do everything individually and also in a collective spirit to ensure that France regains its honour with a positive performance on Tuesday . ”
Within the hour , the federation has issued a statement of its own , insisting that the decision to expel Anelka was taken after a long discussion with the interested parties and “ in the presence of the team captain ” .
It apologised for the “ unacceptable ” decision of the players not to train and suggested that the players had generated a mixture of “ anger ” and “ shame ” because of their actions .
It promised an immediate inquiry upon the team ’s return from South Africa .
With Anelka on a flight to Paris last night , insisting that he has retired from international football , Sochaux coach Francis Gillot lambasted the attitude of the French players , observing : “ Their attitude is both pathetic and disgraceful .
Today I am thinking of the Irish – they should have been there in our place .
France is the laughing stock of the world . ”
WASHINGTON — President Barack Obama has chosen a former assistant U.S. attorney and Justice Department inspector general to lead an overhaul of the regulation of offshore oil drilling , the White House said Tuesday .
Michael R. Bromwich will oversee the reorganization of the Minerals Management Service , the federal agency charged with regulating the industry , the White House said in a statement .
The ...
Earlier this year , a German consortium launched the mega - project " Desertec " that plans to use solar power in the Sahara to generate electricity for Europe .
Is the TransGreen Project a Competitive or a complementary project to Desertec ?
The TransGreen project has been introduced at the May 25 Cairo meeting of energy ministers from the 43 countries .
Participants discussed the formation of a consortium to install electrical lines connecting Europe to North of Africa .
The project TransGreen , aims to bring together power companies , network operators and high - tension equipment makers under the leadership of French energy giant EDF .
The German industrial and engineering group Siemens , which is already part of Desertec , may also join TransGreen .
Currently , only a dual AC line with a capacity of 1,400 megawatts across the Mediterranean , under the Strait of Gibraltar between Morocco and Spain .
At the end of May , the Transgreen consortium plans to launch the first phase , a € 5 million study phase before the building of the actual lines .
Many companies have already agreed to contribute to this first step .
In addition to this financial advantage , the Transgreen project offers obviously a nice reference for similar future projects in China and India , which has undoubtedly been at least as convincing for Siemens , ABB , Alstom / Areva , Nexans , Prysmian , Cap Gemini or Atos Origin .
Solar energy could supply up to a quarter of the world ’s electricity by 2050 .
Solar plants would harvest sunlight from fields of reflectors to boil water and drive steam turbines .
The region ’s “ high solar resource largely compensates for the additional cost of long transmission lines ” beneath the Mediterranean Sea .
Desertec aims to deliver 15 per cent of Europe ’s power requirements by 2050 as the EU seeks to reduce its carbon emissions , in part by reducing consumption of electricity generated by burning fossil fuels .
The MENA - region countries hoping to export power to Europe include Mediterranean nations such as Morocco and Algeria , Egypt as well as Saudi Arabia .
The Sahara , in North Africa , has the biggest Uninhabited Areas in the World , particularly well exposed to the Sun , which could boost Economies of Scale for a Big Solar Energy Production Network linked to the EU from Spain ( via Gibraltar ) , up to Greece ( via Crete ) and Cyprus , as well as Italy ( via Malta and Sicilia ) , France ( via Sardaigne and Corsica ) , etc .
From the outset , the TransGreen project , sponsored by France , looks like a competitor to Desertec , a project initiated by German companies .
However , The French group Saint - Gobain is actually part of the project Desertec , Siemens , the giant German electrical , engineering and electronics company is said to be joining the TransGreen consortium .
Instead , one project ( TransGreen ) will deliver to Europe , part of the energy generated by the other ( Desertec ) project .
www.iea.org/
In IT Blogwatch , bloggers fight for the right to privacy and portability .
Your humble blogwatcher selected these bloggy morsels for your enjoyment .
Not to mention demonic ' peareidolia ' ...
Jason Calacanis has an excoriating poker metaphor :
Over the past month , Mark Zuckerberg , the hottest new card player in town , has overplayed his hand .
Facebook is officially ... uncool , amongst partners , parents and pundits .
... Zuckerberg and his company are–simply put–not trustworthy .
[ He is ] an amoral , Asperger ’s - like entrepreneur ... clearly the worst thing that ’s happened to our industry since , well , spam .
The entire industry went from rooting for Zuckerberg to hating him ... in under 18 months .
Peter Rojas and Matt Cutts have turned off their Facebook pages , and more intelligent people everywhere are talking about doing so .
More .
Krishnan Subramanian likens Facebook to Sarah Palin :
I strongly feel that Facebook has gone rogue .
...
Many pundits are upset that Facebook treats users ' privacy with complete disdain .
... I have added ... value to the Facebook platform from my participation .
...
Asking me to leave if I do n't like their newly introduced terms is not reasonable .
...
Facebook does n't support complete data portability .
...
Asking me to leave my data behind and go elsewhere now is no different from someone who ... asks me to leave my wallet .
More .
Eric Eldon [ Inside Facebook ] digs into the changes and criticisms in more detail :
Fairly or not , critics are advocating for ... restrictions on how Facebook handles user privacy ... even recommending that users leave the site .
...
There could still be a tipping point , where the build - up of issues finally convinces people to leave en masse .
...
The changes ... are misleading to the portion of users who have filled out their interests assuming everything would stay private .
...
Facebook ... [ does ] not clearly explain to users how the features can be used .
... " Like " has more than one meaning .
...
Facebook is clearly sharing some data without user permission .
And ... has made the process for opting out more complicated .
...
Facebook 's changes have made some information open that users likely assumed would stay private .
More .
Facebook 's Elliot Schrage , VP for public policy , says they 're all " confused " :
Nobody at Facebook wants to make our users ' lives more difficult .
We want to make our users ' lives better .
...
Despite our efforts , we are not doing a good enough job communicating the changes that we 're making .
...
But it 's certainly fixable .
...
We will soon ramp up our efforts to provide better guidance to those confused about how to control sharing and maintain privacy .
...
My biggest concern ... has been the incorrect perception that we do n't care about user privacy .
...
If Facebook is going to succeed - and we will - it 's ... because we 'll do the best job of responding to your questions and concerns .
More .
But Xeni Jardin [ Boing Boing ] calls the response " lametastically lame " :
[ It ] has about as much teeth as a chicken .
...
What was published today feels like a big [ masturbation ] ... and no real answers for anyone .
Pathetic .
Why was there no attempt ... to poke at ... this guy 's wiggle - words ?
Facebook 's bottom line seems to be : " If you 're using our service to share intimate details of your life with friends and family , you 'll take whatever we give you , and we 'll change that whenever we want without warning . "
More .
Instead , Maxwell Salzberg offers the open source Diaspora project :
[ Facebook ] could be almost entirely replaced by a decentralized network of truly personal websites .
... Diaspora aims to be a distributed network , where totally separate computers connect to each other directly , will let us connect without surrendering our privacy .
...
Owned by you , hosted by you , or on a rented server .
...
Will aggregate all of your information : your facebook profile , tweets , anything .
... [ With ] an easily extendable plugin framework .
...
Decentralizing lets us reconstruct our " social graphs " so that they belong to us .
Our real social lives do not have central managers , and our virtual lives do not need them .
... Direct and secure .
...
We are currently raising money .
...
We would love your help .
More .
And Harry McCracken [ Technologizer ] is the king of the one - sentence summary :
Facebook has a history of asking for forgiveness rather than permission , and now says the default for everything is " social " - so the best way to keep things private is to keep them off the service , period .
More .
UPDATE : Richi Jennings weighs in with his own opinions .
And Finally ...
Demonic face on canned pear ; consumer complains to Heinz
[ hat tip : Mark Frauenfelder , via Arbroath ]
Do n't miss out on IT Blogwatch :
* Subscribe to the Computerworld Blogs and IT Blogwatch newsletters
* Catch up with posts from the previous few days
Richi Jennings , your humble blogwatcher Richi Jennings is an independent analyst / consultant , specializing in blogging , email , and security .
A cross-functional IT geek since 1985 , you can follow him as @richi on Twitter , pretend to be richij 's friend on Facebook , or just use good old email : itbw@richij.com .
You can also read Richi 's full profile and disclosure of his industry affiliations .
This story , " " Kill Your Facebook Page " Backlash Gains Speed " was originally published by Computerworld .
Nancy Pelosi ( left ) , accompanied by Sen. Harry Reid , speaks to reporters Friday after a meeting with President Obama about the Gulf oil spill .
Pelosi demands BP end dividends
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , in her sharpest rebuke yet of the oil industry , said Friday that BP should not make dividend payments to stockholders until those affected by the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico are made “ whole . ”
“ I ’m saying that they should not be paying dividends until they make these people whole and make a better effort to do it in a timely fashion , ” Pelosi told reporters .
“ These people are coming to us and saying ‘ I have to take out a loan , ’ . . . . which I can ill - afford to repay because BP is not , you know , is not paying .
BP has the money , it made $ 17 billion last year .
They went up , what , 12 points on the stock market yesterday ? ”
Advertisement
BP ’s paying dividends to stock holders has grown controversial in recent days , as Gulf shore residents have complained about the speed in which the company has responded to loss of income claims .
The Times of London reported Friday that BP was preparing to defer payment of its next dividend and instead put the money in an escrow account until the full scale of the company ’s liabilities from the spill can be determined .
White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said Thursday he would “ stay out of their legal obligations to shareholders ” but added that the company should n’t “ nickel - and - dime anybody in the Gulf ” if it could redistribute profits and run pricey television ads .
Pelosi ’s view was less nuanced .
“ I thought dividends were something you paid because you made such and such a profit , I did n’t know it was something you paid off before you took care of your expenses , ” she said .
Pelosi ’s hard line on BP was n’t limited to dividend payments .
She said company officials were not truthful when they told the federal government BP had the technology to drill at extreme depths in the Gulf of Mexico .
“ BP stated that they had the technology to drill deep , that they had the technology to prevent a blowout and that they had the technology to clean up , and none of these things happened to be a fact , ” she said .
Legislatively , Democrats have the wheels in motion on their own response .
They are aiming at reforming the Minerals Management Agency and reshaping offshore drilling policy .
Pelosi threw her weight behind some legislative proposals , including amending the Death at High Sea Act – a century - old law that imposes strict limits on recouping damages for dying in the ocean .
She said she specifically is looking to peel back provisions which limit payments based on how far the death occurs and a provision that disallows families from obtaining payments based on emotional suffering .
Show full PR text
Ford is expanding its Lincoln lineup with seven all - new or significantly refreshed vehicles in the next four years – including its first - ever C- segment vehicle
Lincoln 's plan accelerates with more investment and attention on standout product design , class - leading technology and powertrains delivering top performance and fuel efficiency
Lincoln product development , marketing , sales and service resources expanding as the brand competes with Cadillac and Lexus in the marketplace
Ford will end production of Mercury vehicles in the fourth quarter of this year to fully devote its financial , product development , production and marketing , sales and service resources toward further growing its core Ford brand while enhancing Lincoln
Existing Mercury owners to receive continued access to parts and service support at Ford and Lincoln dealers ; current Mercury vehicle warranties and Extended Service Plans will be honored ; special offers available on new Mercury vehicles through the summer
Affected dealers to receive specialized support during the transition , as the company continues its transformation to a more profitable dealer network
DEARBORN , Mich. , June 2 , 2010 – Ford Motor Company will expand and enhance its Lincoln brand lineup with seven all - new or significantly refreshed vehicles in the next four years as part of an aggressive growth plan focused on standout product design , class - leading technology and new powertrains – all aimed at competing with Cadillac and Lexus in North America .
Ford also will end production of Mercury vehicles in the fourth quarter of this year to fully devote its financial , product development , production and marketing , sales and service resources toward further growing its core Ford brand while enhancing the Lincoln brand .
" We have made tremendous progress on profitably growing the Ford brand during the past few years .
Now , it is time to do the same for Lincoln , " said Mark Fields , Ford 's president of The Americas .
" The new Lincoln vehicles will transform luxury for North American premium customers through an unexpected blend of responsive driving enjoyment and warm , inviting comfort .
We will also offer our customers a world - class retail experience through a vibrant retail network . "
Lincoln 's hallmarks will be refined , modern design , the most fuel - efficient premium powertrains and industry - leading technology that create a unique driver experience both in the cabin and on the road .
" Profitably growing Lincoln in North America is an important part of our One Ford plan , " said Alan Mulally , Ford president and CEO .
" Our Ford brand is gaining momentum and winning customers around the world .
Now , we are going to use the same laser focus to further strengthen Lincoln and deliver even more products luxury customers really want and value . "
Foundation Set
The future of Lincoln is building from a strong base that includes the all - new flagship MKS large sedan , the all - new MKT seven - passenger crossover and a significantly refreshed MKZ mid-size sedan – all now in showrooms .
The hybrid version of the MKZ will reach showrooms later this year and is expected to be the most fuel efficient premium sedan on the market .
Lincoln 's product actions continue later this year with the debut of the significantly refreshed 2011 MKX crossover , the first vehicle to feature MyLincoln Touch driver connect technology .
This will be followed by another six all - new or significantly refreshed vehicles within four years developed with Lincoln 's DNA of standout design , precise and confident driving experience , class - leading technology and powertrains delivering top performance and fuel efficiency .
Lincoln will be led by expanded product development and marketing , sales and service teams to support the brand 's growth plan and ensure it has a strong cadence of distinct products that are well positioned in the market .
Plans for Lincoln include :
Lincoln 's first - ever C- segment vehicle
New Lincoln - exclusive powertrains , including an all - new V - 6 engine and advanced fuel - efficient transmissions
EcoBoost engines available in all Lincolns – from the Navigator full - size SUV to the new C- segment Lincoln
Fuel economy leadership with each new vehicle – leading to Lincoln emerging as the most fuel - efficient luxury lineup on the market
Stephen Roach does not seem to understand what a bubble is .
He makes the same arguments in dismissing China 's property bubble that we heard in the US , regarding " solid demand " .
Please consider China ’s Housing Market Is n’t Overheating , Roach Says
The property boom in China is n’t a bubble because it ’s supported by “ solid ” demand for residential housing , according to Stephen Roach , chairman of Morgan Stanley Asia Ltd .
While portions of the real - estate market such as high - end apartments are overheating , demand for residential homes will remain robust as rural Chinese migrate to bigger cities , Roach said in a radio interview from Hong Kong with Tom Keene on Bloomberg Surveillance .
“ This is just a sliver of the property boom , ” Roach said , citing that each year since 2000 , between 15 and 20 million people migrate to Beijing , Shanghai , and second - and third - tier cities in mainland China .
That ’s two and a half New York Cities created annually , he said .
“ This underpins a huge demand for residential property .
This property has not overheated and the demand for this property is very , very solid . ”
The nation ’s property prices rose 12.4 percent in May from a year earlier , the second - fastest pace on record .
China ’s banking regulator said today it sees growing credit risks in the nation ’s real - estate industry and warned of increasing pressure from non-performing loans .
China ’s lawmakers have raised down payment requirements and mortgage rates and restricted loans for multiple - home buyers as they seek to dampen record property price gains .
The government ’s “ decisive ” actions in April are working to cool the sections of the housing market that were overheating , according to Roach .
“ By all accounts , it looks like the measures are working for now , ” he said .
Demand Irrelevant
What Constitutes a Bubble ?
MONTREAL – Favouring her left forearm , on which spots of blood had soaked through the white bandage , the woman stood in the prisoner ’s box looking crushed , accused of stabbing her own daughter in what police say was an “ honour crime . ”
After her lawyer , Tom Pentefountas , asked to delay the formal laying of charges so his client ’s psychological fitness for trial could be determined , the woman ’s husband stood up in the back of the court and shouted to the judge : “ Please sir , my wife is innocent ! ”
He soon began to weep , completing the picture of a family utterly torn asunder by what transpired early Sunday morning .
The 19 - year - old daughter remains in hospital with knife wounds to the head , shoulders and arms .
It ’s believed that the daughter came home late , Pentefountas , a prominent name in the Montreal legal community , indicated to the court .
One source said she is believed to have returned home after 3 a.m .
The assault happened just after 8 , according to police .
Police based their theory that it was an honour crime on “ what we saw at the scene of the crime , ” said Olivier Lapointe , spokesperson for the Montreal Police Service , and especially on interviews with people inside the house and the victim herself .
It appeared related to the “ behavior of the victim , ” Lapointe said .
The woman , 38 - year - old Johra Kaleki , faces charges of attempted murder , aggravated assault and assault with a weapon .
According to Amnesty International , there are more than 5,000 honour crimes in the world each year .
They are an “ ancient practice ” in a number of countries tied more so to culture than religion .
Typically the woman is murdered by a member of her own family after tarnishing the family ’s honour for ostensibly “ immoral ” behavior , often in relation to virginity or modesty .
The three other daughters in the family are currently in the custody of provincial youth protection authorities .
The family , which is Afghan in origin , moved to the neighbourhood in Dorval , near Montreal ’s main airport , about five years ago , according to neighbour Emery Dora .
The family was pleasant , but “ mostly kept to themselves , ” Dora said .
For instance , the father and the girls would play together but not with other children in on the street .
The father , Ebrahim Ebrahimi , would n’t let a younger daughter play soccer with other girls in their backyard , Dora added .
In court on Monday afternoon Kaleki , dropped her head in despair as Pentefountas asked the judge for a mental assessment for his client .
“ We think there was a temporary lapse of mental capacity , ” Pentefountas told Justice Serge Boisvert .
Boisvert said Kaleki is normally a “ balanced individual , ” but that it ’s alleged she “ lost possession of her capacity on that particular morning . ”
Crown Prosecutor Anne Gauvin said the police file only states that she was “ hysterical , ” but did not oppose the mental assessment , which the judge agreed to .
The court granted Gauvin ’s request to bar communication between Kaleki and her children , but not her husband .
“ He ’s an important witness in the Crown ’s case , ” Gauvin said .
Lapointe said according to their information , the husband tried to intervene during the alleged altercation .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Last summer , after a car was found submerged in the Kingston canal , a Montreal - area couple of Afghan origin were accused along with their son of killing their three daughters and another relative in what was also believed to be an honour crime .
Their trial will begin next year .
Kaleki will be back in court July 12 .
What do I do to prepare for Laser Tattoo Removal ?
Avoid tanning the skin before laser tattoo removal .
Also , avoid applying makeup or cover up to the area before treatment .
We recommend avoiding the use of aspirin before laser tattoo removal , instead choosing non-aspirin products , like Tylenol or ibuprofen for minor aches and pains prior to the procedure .
Notify your physician if you are prone to keloid scarring to determine if you ’re still a candidate for laser tattoo removal .
Does Laser Tattoo Removal hurt ?
Advanced tattoo removal lasers are much faster and less traumatic to the skin than previous technologies , making the treatment much more comfortable .
The impact of the energy from the laser ’s powerful pulse of light has been described as similar to getting snapped by a thin hot , rubber band .
With each subsequent treatment , the discomfort fades .
nn Methods for anesthesia vary from a Zimmer air chiller , topical , or injectable anesthesia .
What will I look and feel like after the treatment ?
The treatment will leave the skin mildly red and may result in pinpoint bleeding or blistering .
One may notice a temporary whitening of the tattoo and swelling of the skin in the region .
Over the next few weeks , the body ’s scavenger cells remove pigment residues .
One begins to notice lightening of the tattoo approximately two weeks post treatment and this will continue for two to three months .
nnFollowing treatment , the doctor will apply an antibacterial ointment and dressing to the area .
The skin should be kept clean with continued application of ointment as directed .
A shower or bath the day after treatment is okay , but the treatment area should not be scrubbed .
Your skin might feel slightly sunburned for a couple of days and the treated area may remain red for a few weeks .
If the skin forms a blister or scab , this should be handled gently .
After healing , the tattoo color will gradually and continually fade .
I have a full sleeve but only want to remove part of it .
Is that possible ?
With tattoo removal , we can remove any part of a tattoo or the whole tattoo .
One common scenario where we remove only part of the tattoo is employment with the military or police force .
Very commonly , these two institutions do n’t want a tattoo showing that extends beyond the sleeve or beyond the collar .
Another scenario is when you just does n’t like part of the tattoo , and we can remove that so you can go back and touch up the tattoo later .
How can I make sure that I get good results ?
The key with tattoo removal is using the right wavelength of light — meaning the right laser for the color of the tattoo ink and the color of the skin .
Unfortunately , there ’s not a one - size - fits - all device that treats all the colors of tattoos that we commonly see .
In this case , we may use what we call a YAG laser that treats a black tattoo , an Alexandrite laser that treats a green , and a Ruby laser that treats blue .
So , when selecting a cosmetic physician to treat your tattoos , make sure they have multiple devices so they can tailor the treatment specifically to the color of the tattoo .
Secondly , someone with darker skin is going to require a different technology than someone with lighter skin .
Can you guarantee that all the ink will be removed ?
No , the extent of the ink that can be removed depends on many factors , including the physical nature of ink used , its color , how much was injected into your skin , and how deeply it was placed .
Can multiple lasers be used in the same visit ?
Yes , it ’s the most efficient way to clear a tattoo , but a multiple - wavelength session is best left to experienced physicians .
Can I have a new tattoo placed over where the old one was ?
Yes — some of the most flattering referrals we get are from tattoo artists who send their clients to Reflections when they wish to revise their artwork .
They choose us because we send their clients back with their skin in great condition .
What are the possible side effects ?
Side effects of laser procedures are generally few but may include hyperpigmentation , or the darkening of the skin at the treatment site , and hypopigmentation , where the treated area lacks normal skin color .
Other possible side effects include infection of the site , textural changes in the skin and permanent scarring .
Treatment of tanned skin increases the complication rate and should be avoided .
The use of advanced lasers designed specifically for your skin type and the color of your tattoo and the experience of your physician factor into the risk of complications .
How is the ink processed out of the body ?
During treatment , the laser “ explodes ” the ink under the skin and then through a variety of mechanisms , the body clears that ink through its immune system .
Some of the ink actually goes right through the air and is excreted .
So , over a period of time , the tattoo will get lighter and lighter .
If I get a tattoo , what should I know ?
Go to a reputable practitioner who is using advanced and sterile instruments and choose a facility that is clean and up to date .
Try to choose as few colors as possible and gravitate towards dark green , black and blue .
Avoid pastel colors , yellow , orange , and white , as they are harder to remove .
Consider having the tattoo placed in an area that is easily coverable with clothing in case you regret the decision later .
How does one choose a provider for Laser Tattoo Removal ?
There are several factors that will help ensure that you choose the right physician and facility for laser tattoo removal .
First , make sure that the practitioner is indeed a physician .
Next , ask the practitioner if he owns or rents the technology he will be utilizing .
A physician who rents or uses a hospital - based system normally does n’t perform enough treatments to warrant purchasing the lasers , leaving the possibility that they are inexperienced .
Rental lasers may also be improperly calibrated and result in bad outcomes .
Make sure the technologies are indeed lasers ( sometimes the term is used loosely ) and are new .
nnChoose a physician who owns several tattoo lasers and has the full complement of wavelengths to treat all tattoo colors .
If this is not the case , it may compromise care and result in inadequate removal of the tattoo pigment or even scarring .
nnLastly , choose a physician who focuses their entire practice on laser and aesthetic medicine , and not one who has a different area of interest and uses lasers part time .
Look around the office carefully .
Make sure it is clean and up to date .
Look for other lasers used for hair removal , skin rejuvenation , acne , rosacea , skin resurfacing and acne scars , etc .
This demonstrates experience and dedication to the field , which can make a big difference in the quality of care you receive .
How much does laser removal cost ?
We price tattoo removal by the size of the area being treated , with a single session ranging from $ 200 to $ 650 ( and upwards if you ’re looking to removennAlmost all tattoos require multiple treatments , so the cost of a tattoonSome factors that affect the rate of tattoo removal include : nnTattoo layeringn• Location of your tattoon •
Your skin typen •
The color and amount of inkn •
Any pre-existing scarsnnOne of the most effective ways to reduce the cost of your tattoo removal is to decrease the number of sessions you need – and that means seeing a physician who has the best lasers and knows how to make each session as effective as possible .
We cover that , as well as what you can individuall do before and after your treatments to make them more effective , in this blog .
nn Most laser treatments will take multiple sessions for the complete removal of your tattoo .
Even though it depends on your body ’s ability to remove ink , most specialists recommend multiple sessions at a gap of 6 - 8 weeks .
Laser treatment for Tattoo Removal ?
The choice of laser treatment for tattoo removal is made depending on your skin type and the color of your tattoo .
The best surgeons will use a combination of laser treatments to help you achieve optimal results .
If you have laser tattoos , then Q switched lasers are required for their removal .
These produce light energy in short nanosecond pulses which allows them to penetrate your skin in order to heat and shatter the tattoo ink.nnDifferent wavelengths of laser are used so that different colors in the tattoo can be targeted during the same session .
However , you must know that green - colored tattoos are resistant to Q switching .
Cynosure PicoSure is used on such stubborn ink .
Here are some of the common laser treatment for tattoo removal : nn• PiQo4 – it helps with a wide variety of ink colors and types ; it is a safe alternative for dark skin tones which are difficult to treat with other lasers .
n• Medlite 6 – with 4 wavelengths , it helps with multicolored tattoos .
It can be used for all skin types .
n• Alex TriVantage – it helps with the removal of multi-colored tattoos on most of the skin types .
It is a great option for the removal of tattoos that include blue , green and black colored inks .
nnFor the complete removal of a tattoo , it may take 4 or more sessions that are spaced at an interval of 6 to 8 weeks .
The number of sessions required to depend on the color and kind of ink , amount of ink used and the depth at which it was tattooed into your skin .
How many treatments do I need for Tattoo Removal ?
Laser tattoo removal is different for each patient since every person and their tattoo is unique .
This means that it is not possible to predict the exact number of treatments that will be required to achieve complete removal of a tattoo .
Most professional tattoos take around 6 to 12 treatment sessions for complete removal .
nnA tattoo removal center will take into consideration several factors before the number of treatments can be decided .
Some of these factors include your skin type , tone , layering of the tattoo , location , pigmentation , the amount of ink applied to your tattoo , the kind of pigment used , whether homemade pigment or professional ink was used , and any pre-existing scars from the tattoo .
Other than these factors regarding the tattoo itself , your cosmetic physician will also want to know if your immune system is healthy and whether you are a smoker .
nn
Once all these and more factors are taken into consideration , your tattoo removal center will be able to decide on the number of treatments that will be required to completely remove your tattoo .
nn The PicoWay laser procedure is able to remove professional tattoos within 4 to 6 treatments , whereas amateur tattoos take about 2 to 3 treatments .
The success of your tattoo removal also depends on the ability of your body to break down the ink , which depends on your general health .
When you consult experienced specialists who use the most advanced technology and effective laser treatments , they will be able to remove your tattoos in fewer treatment sessions .
What should I do after laser treatment for my tattoo ?
Like with any kind of any wound , you will want to treat the skin very gently .
You do n’t want to expose it to sun since that can create pigmentary issues .
You ’ll want to keep it moist using different things like Aquaphor or Bacitracin and keep it covered to prevent it from getting dirty .
Resist the urge to scratch it and peel it .
Avoid popping or poking at any blisters that might form .
How effective is laser tattoo removal ?
If you regret a tattoo and want to look at your options , laser tattoo removal is the most effective treatment for eliminating it .
Laser tattoo removal is safe for all kinds of skin tones and works on many types of inks .
Usually it takes about 3 to 10 treatment sessions for removal , and these sessions are spaced at 4 to 6 weeks .
Different kinds of laser treatments are used for removing different kinds of tattoos .
For instance , the alexandrite laser is most effective in removing the green - colored tattoo pigment , even though it removes blue and black pigments as well .
nn
There are a few factors that need to be considered before deciding the effectiveness of the laser removal technique in your specific case .
The cosmetic physician at your tattoo removal consultation will check factors like the nature of the ink that was used for your tattoo , the amount of the ink used , and how deep was the ink injected .
Some other factors that are taken into account are the age of your tattoo , the location of the tattoo on your body , and whether you have had previous treatments .
Tattoo removal is a process that requires patience , since it could take a year or more to fully remove certain tattoos ; for instance , green color in a tattoo is the most difficult to remove .
nn
The reason why tattoo removal takes so long is because it is a cyclical procedure .
Once the laser breaks up the ink molecules in your tattoo , the lymphatic system takes 4 to 6 weeks to absorb these molecules and clear them from your body .
This is why the placement of your tattoo plays an important role in the amount of time it takes for its removal ; the closer it is to your heart , the more quickly it can be eliminated .
Even when your laser removal treatment cannot promise you complete removal of the tattoo after considering all the factors , it will often fade enough so that you can get a cover - up tattoo .
Iu2019 m black and Iu2019ve heard lasers can be bad for black skin .
Can I have a black tattoo removed ?
Will it leave white spots behind ?
We can treat tattoos in patients that have darker skin — the key is what wavelength or laser has been utilized .
The specific wavelength of light is usually 1064 to remove a black tattoo in someone who has darker skin .
So , lasers like Picosure may cause complications like white spots since it does n’t produce the correct wavelength .
Are there alternatives to Lasers Tattoo Removal ?
Unfortunately , there are not a lot of great alternatives to laser therapy .
There are creams available on the market , there are abrasives , there are devices to scrape , and there are chemicals that burn the skin .
These are not effective , and the scarring and loss of pigment from trying to remove a tattoo by yourself at home can make it much more difficult and sometimes even impossible to produce great results with a laser .
How long does it take for a tattoo to fade ?
The effectiveness and length of a laser tattoo removal treatment package depend on many factors .
Each tattoo is different and comes with different pigments , techniques , quality , and reactivity .
However , each tattoo will require multiple sessions to produce results .
Some treatment packages can require as few as four treatments or as many as ten — or more .
As a general rule , black inks are easiest to fade , while bright and pastel colors will be more difficult .
I was out of town at a wedding last weekend , and when I got back , I found a strange thing on my doorstep -- a bag with a bottle of wine in it , on which was written :
Leaving aside the fact that I was n't around to be annoyed by whatever driveway - blocking may have taken place over the weekend , I 'd say that 's pretty much the nicest thing a stranger has ever done for me .
A bottle of wine ?
I have to assume that the three other apartments in my building , who all share my driveway , found similar goodie bags on their doorsteps .
What a gentleman ( or woman ) !
Let 's start the week off with some feel - good vibes : what 's the nicest thing a stranger has ever done for you ?
1 2 3 next »
OpenOffice at the crossroads
A conversation with Michael Meeks
by Richard Hillesley
OpenOffice.org is a flagship for free and open source software , released under free software licenses and achieving downloads in the hundreds of millions .
OO.o is a success by most measurements , but there have long been murmurings of discontent among developers resulting in complaints of " non-responsiveness and lack of leadership " on the project .
The argument is not that the project is a failure , but that OpenOffice.org could be so much more , given a less top down approach to project management and a looser rein on developers ' ability to get involved .
The code of OpenOffice.org is released under free software licenses but the copyright for all internal and third party contributions are assigned to Oracle / Sun , and the OpenOffice development team within Oracle / Sun dictates the rate of progress .
The most vocal critic of the process has been Novell employee and long time GNOME and OO.o developer , Michael Meeks .
Meeks argues that copyright assignment discourages external contributions , and that over zealous control of the project inhibits developer initiative .
Meeks has long contended that OpenOffice.org has failed to attract and keep individual and corporate developers due to " a half - hearted open - source strategy that is not truly ' Open ' " and lacks transparency .
This has inhibited the potential of OO.o to be " even greater " than it already is .
The question why
" In a healthy project we would expect to see a large number of volunteer developers involved , " Meeks has written .
" In addition - we would expect to see a large number of peer companies contributing to the common code pool ; we do not see this in OpenOffice.org .
Indeed , quite the opposite we appear to have the lowest number of active developers on OO.o since records began . "
Sun 's grip on the development process has inhibited the creative hubbub common to most open source projects , and developers are reluctant to contribute because the incentives have n't been there .
The virtue of successful open source projects is supposed to be that they are developer driven - open , democratic , noisy , argumentative , divisive , chaotic and productive .
And they work .
So for Meeks the issues are simple .
OO.o needs revision of the ownership and licensing structures .
" The better place to be is just to get people to work together , so we can focus on the really interesting technical arguments , rather than squabbling over the basics . "
This promises to be an interesting topic for Oracle , for as Meeks points out , " I use the name Sun advisedly .
The organisation there still has not been merged into Oracle , so it remains to be seen what Oracle will do when that happens . "
Come together
The underlying problem for Meeks and other developers is the slowness of development and fixing of bugs in OO.o , and the need to encourage Oracle / Sun to stimulate the responsiveness , innovation and speed of development that are the characteristics of other successful free and open source software projects .
Some participants in OO.o development have pushed for the creation of an independent foundation for OpenOffice , on the model of Mozilla , KDE or Gnome , but Meeks is ambivalent about the advantages of such an approach .
" An independent foundation leads you to several questions , " he says .
" You can go for a Mozilla - like Foundation .
They do a lot of good work , but there 's an unfortunate instability in having a single large organisation doing all the work , and there are funding issues .
Firefox has a fairly obvious funding model , but that would n't be true of an OpenOffice Foundation , so you wind up asking companies to chip in to pay the developers .
It 's an inelegant solution to the problem .
It seems to me far better for each company to employ developers that work on the project in the common good , as is done with Linux , GNOME or KDE . "
" Independence is good , but getting the asset out of Oracle would be very difficult .
I personally would just settle for people working together , reasonably , and making some compromises that suggest it 's worth having people work together . "
" The ideal would be to get a little less heavy handed control form up - stream , and a more enlightened approach to working together .
There 's no business reason for separation and there are some very strong business reasons for working together , obviously - in terms of improving the product , of moving faster , in terms of not paying people to duplicate features that have already been written under some liberal license .
Its absolutely nonsensical to have people in two companies writing essentially the same stuff .
Words fail me to express how pointless it is . "
" The ideal everyone wants is to work together .
The question is why are n't they ? "
Next : Every bug is a feature
1 2 3 next »
Print Version | Permalink : http://h-online.com/-1023702
Michigan State Law Passed
In 2008 Protects Employees Who Use Marijuana To Treat Debilitating Diseases
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
BATTLE CREEK , MI – The American Civil Liberties Union and ACLU of Michigan , in partnership with the law firm of Daniel W. Grow , PLLC , filed a lawsuit today against Wal - Mart Stores , Inc. and the manager of its Battle Creek store for wrongfully firing an employee for using medicinal marijuana in accordance with state law to treat the painful symptoms of an inoperable brain tumor and cancer .
The lawsuit charges that Joseph Casias , 30 , the Battle Creek Wal - Mart 's 2008 Associate of the Year , was fired from his job at the store after testing positive for marijuana , despite being legally registered to use the drug under Michigan 's medical marijuana law .
In accordance with state law , Casias never ingested marijuana while at work and never worked while under the influence of marijuana .
" Medical marijuana has had a life - changing positive effect for Joseph , but Wal - Mart made him pay a stiff and unfair price for his medicine , " said Scott Michelman , staff attorney with the ACLU .
" No patient should be forced to choose between adequate pain relief and gainful employment , and no employer should be allowed to intrude upon private medical choices made by employees in consultation with their doctors . "
Casias has suffered for more than a decade from sinus cancer and a brain tumor in the back of his head and neck that was the size of a softball when it was first diagnosed .
His condition has forced him to endure extensive treatment and chemotherapy , interferes with his ability to speak and is a source of severe and constant pain .
Nonetheless , he had been successfully employed for more than five years by Wal - Mart in Battle Creek , where he began as an entry - level grocery stocker in 2004 and worked his way up to inventory control manager .
" For some people , working at Wal - Mart is just a job , but for me , it was a way of life , " said Joseph .
" I came to Wal - Mart for a better opportunity for my family and I worked hard and proved myself .
I just want the opportunity to continue my work . "
In 2008 , Michigan voters enacted the Michigan Medical Marihuana Act , which provides protection for the medical use of the drug under state law .
The pain medication Casias ' oncologist had previously prescribed for him provided only minimal relief and as a side effect caused Casias to suffer from severe nausea .
After the law was enacted , Joseph 's oncologist recommended that he try marijuana as permitted by state law , and so Casias obtained the appropriate registry card from the Michigan Department of Community Health .
The results were immediate and profound : his pain decreased dramatically , the new medicine did not induce nausea and Casias was able to gain back some of the weight he had lost during treatment .
" Joseph is exactly the kind of person whom Michigan voters had in mind when they passed the state 's medical marijuana law , " said Daniel W. Grow , a St. Joseph , Michigan - based attorney .
" Medical marijuana is legal in this state because voters recognized its ability to alleviate the pain , nausea and other symptoms associated with debilitating medical conditions , and no corporation doing business in Michigan should be permitted to flout state law . "
Michigan 's medical marijuana law protects patients registered with the state of Michigan from " arrest , prosecution , or penalty in any manner " for the use of medicinal marijuana as prescribed by a doctor and also protects employees from being disciplined for their use of medical marijuana in accordance with the law .
The law does not require employers to accommodate the ingestion of marijuana in the workplace and does not protect employees who work under the influence of the drug .
The outcome of today 's lawsuit , filed in Calhoun County Circuit Court , could have ramifications beyond Michigan .
" Today , 14 states and the District of Columbia provide protections for patients who use marijuana as recommended by a doctor , " said Kary L. Moss , Executive Director of the ACLU of Michigan .
" This case will be closely watched by patients across the country who rely on this medicine for pain relief and on their state laws for protection against unscrupulous employers . "
Lawyers on the case include Grow , Michelman , Moss and Dan Korobkin and Michael J. Steinberg of the ACLU of Michigan .
A copy of the today 's complaint is available online at : www.aclu.org/drug-law-reform/casias-v-wal-mart-complaint
Additional information about the ACLU 's work to reform drug laws is available online at : www.aclu.org/drug-law-reform
Additional information about the ACLU of Michigan is available online at : www.aclumich.org
Are You REALLY Ready to Buy a Home ?
When we bought our home three years ago , it was kind of a snap decision .
I was in debt pay down mode because my husband and I had agreed that we were n’t ready to buy a home .
Then out of no where , my husband announced that he wanted to buy a house .
Immediately .
So we began looking .
We went on a whirlwind tour of our town and after three weeks we settled on a modest home whose payments we could afford .
Our credit was excellent , and we “ passed ” the income audit we were subjected to ( since my freelance income is our main source of income ) .
We managed to scrape together enough of a down payment for a FHA loan , but it meant that we had to use the freshly paid off credit cards for a lot of other things for a couple of months .
Looking back , I ’m not entirely sure we were really ready to buy a home .
We had n’t saved up enough of a down payment , and our budget was in transition since I was just starting to amass enough clients to make payments that were 1/3 of our monthly income .
What if one of my clients fell through a couple of months in ?
To be honest , even with our good credit , if we had n’t bought before the financial crisis , I do n’t know that we would have been approved .
But we got the house , things took off with the freelancing , and now our hosing costs represent only 1/5 of our monthly income .
But we were very lucky , and very , very blessed .
Using hindsight , I can think of a few questions I should have asked myself before deciding to buy a home and having one under contract less than a month later :
Do you have a stable budget ?
Look at your income .
Is it stable enough to make regular mortgage payments ?
Make sure that you can keep up with your payments , and that the reliable portion income can handle your mortgage .
Do a mock budget with home ownership , that includes estimated taxes , HOA fees , maintenance costs , utilities , repairs and other expenses on top of your monthly principal and interest payment .
How long will you be in your home ?
The accepted rule of thumb is that you should buy only if you plan to be in your home for at least five years ( seven is better ) .
Think through career change possibilities , whether you will be moving when you are done with school , or whether additions to your household will necessitate an upgrade soon .
If you move too soon , the costs you pay up front could result in a not - worth - it situation .
Do you have a good sized down payment ?
We were fortunate , since we bought a modest home with a FHA loan that required only 3 % down at the time ( now it ’s 3.5 % ) .
I honestly think that we really did n’t have enough of a down payment to justify buying when we did .
Most lenders want to see 5 % or 10 % down , and the 20 % rule is still a good one to aim for .
The bigger your down payment , the less you have to borrow , and the lower your monthly payment will be .
Do you have good credit ?
For the best mortgage rates , many lenders want to see a credit score of at least 760 these days .
When we bought , our 720 at the time was more than sufficient to get the best rates .
If you plan to buy a home , check your credit score , and see where you are at .
You may need to pay down some debt , make on time payments and fix errors on your credit report in order to improve your score .
Are you prepared for additional costs ?
Finally , you need to realize that there are closing costs and other expenses associated with buying a home .
Are you prepared to pay out of pocket for these ?
Or will you have to add it to the home loan ?
It ’s better if you can pay these expenses out of pocket .
Also , understand that you may need to make improvements to your home , or , if it is new construction , put in a yard .
Be certain you are realistic and ready for these possibilities .
Prices and interest rates are low right now , and if you have been thinking about buying a home , it might be just the time to do it .
Carefully evaluate your situation , and make sure that you are truly ready to buy a home , and not just thinking that it would be a nice thing to do .
MADRID / BRUSSELS ( Reuters ) - Spain shut 19 northern airports including Barcelona on Saturday because of the cloud of abrasive ash blowing south from a volcano in Iceland .
The government said over 400 flights would be canceled , leaving almost 40,000 people stuck in airports stretching from La Coruna in the northwest to Barcelona in the northeast .
Air traffic was expected to be affected until 2 a.m. Sunday ( 10 p.m. EDT Saturday ) , at which time flights would gradually resume .
However , Spain ’s airport authority said that from 1800 GMT three airports - Zaragoza , Valladolid and Salamanca - would re-open .
It said Barcelona ’s should re-open at 2 a.m. on Sunday given current forecasts for the ash ’s trajectory .
The government said there was a chance the cloud could still affect Spain next week .
“ We do n’t rule it out and we will make alternative plans , ” Transport Minister Jose Blanco told a news conference .
Extra places had been made available on long - distance trains and extra buses and boats were being laid on to help people reach their destinations , he said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Transatlantic flights were being re-routed around the affected area , causing substantial delays .
Sweeping closures of European airspace last month disrupted the travel of millions of passengers in Europe and elsewhere , and cost airlines over a billion euros in revenues .
Scientific assessments led to a decision to restrict closures to areas of higher ash concentration , after lower concentrations were found not to be damaging aircraft engines .
The European air traffic agency Eurocontrol warned on Saturday of a rise in emissions from the volcano , Eyjafjallajokull .
“ The area of potential ash contamination is expanding in particular between the ground and 20,000 feet , ” it said .
But fears that the ash would shut airspace over Portugal and southern France were not immediately borne out .
Authorities said problems could begin in France by Monday .
“ Logically , we will be spared until Monday noon , based on current forecasts , ” a French aviation authority spokesman said .
Air France said late on Saturday it had carried out a test flight over the Bay of Biscay and Pyrenees without finding any traces of ash .
It had no plans to cancel flights .
As you go about your day - to - day activities , tiny bubbles of nitrogen come and go inside your tissues .
This is not a problem unless you happen to experience large changes in ambient pressure , such as those encountered by scuba divers and astronauts .
During large , fast pressure drops , these bubbles can grow and lead to decompression sickness , popularly known as " the bends . "
A study in the Journal of Chemical Physics , which is published by the American Institute of Physics ( AIP ) , may provide a physical basis for the existence of these bubbles , and could be useful in understanding decompression sickness .
A physiological model that accounts for these bubbles is needed both to protect against and to treat decompression sickness .
There is a problem though .
" These bubbles should not exist , " says author Saul Goldman of the University of Guelph in Ontario , Canada .
Because they are believed to be composed mostly of nitrogen , while the surrounding atmosphere consists of both nitrogen and oxygen , the pressure of the bubbles should be less than that of the surrounding atmosphere .
But if this were so , they would collapse .
" We need to account for their apparent continuous existence in tissues in spite of this putative pressure imbalance , " says Goldman .
If , as is widely believed , decompression sickness is the result of the growth of pre-existing gas bubbles in tissues , those bubbles must be sufficiently stable to have non-negligible half - lives .
The proposed explanation involves modeling body tissues as soft elastic materials that have some degree of rigidity .
Previous models have focused on bubble formation in simple liquids , which differ from elastic materials in having no rigidity .
Using the soft - elastic tissue model , Goldman finds pockets of reduced pressure in which nitrogen bubbles can form and have enough stability to account for a continuous presence of tiny bubbles that can expand when the ambient pressure drops .
Tribonucleation , the phenomenon of formation of new gas bubbles when submerged surfaces separate rapidly , provides the physical mechanism for formation of new gas bubbles in solution .
The rapid separation of adhering surfaces results in momentary negative pressures at the plane of separation .
Therefore , while these tiny bubbles in elastic media are metastable , and do not last indefinitely , they are replaced periodically .
According to this picture , tribonucleation is the source , and finite half - lives the sink , for the continuous generation and loss small gas bubbles in tissues .
On June 24th , 2010 , Futurama made its way back onto television , thanks to the fine folks at Comedy Central .
Taken off the air years prior by FOX , the smartest comedy on television could n't be held back and due to fan fervor , we 're now enjoying the new episodes .
With+so+many+characters ,+which+will+we+crown+#1 ?
With the show back on the air , Futurama 's being talked about around the water cooler again here at IGN , so we figured we would gather together our biggest fans of the series and name our 25 favorite characters .
With hundreds of characters to choose from , this was n't an easy task , but after much deliberation we settled on a list that highlights the show 's best characters .
Take a look , and make sure to tell us what you think in the comments section below .
" Crimes of the Hot "
His name says it all .
Hedonismbot is a robot programmed to pursue pleasure above all else ... with his very own lounging couch built in .
Never without his grapes , wine and valet Djambi , Hedonismbot lives a life we mere humans can only dream of .
Unlike other robots in Futurama , Hedonismbot does n't appear to be programmed to service anyone but himself .
He revels in decadence and apologizes for nothing !
" Hell Is Other Robots "
The Robot Devil ( also known as " Beelzebot " ) serves as the evil ruler of Robot Hell , which is hidden beneath the " Inferno " ride at Reckless Ted 's Funland in New Jersey .
What we love most about him though , is his infinite willingness to strike a deal ( especially when it 's by way of carnival wheel ) .
Whether it 's trading in his musically - trained hands for Fry 's or taking away the first - born son of Bender in exchange for the Armies of Hell , The Robot Devil is nothing if not a reasonable bionic tyrant .
" A Flight To Remember "
Leo and Inez Wong are the extremely wealthy parents of Amy Wong from the Planet Express Crew .
We love them for their overbearing portrayal of stereotypical Asian parents .
They are constantly badgering Amy to find a decent man to father grandchildren with .
When Amy brings back Kif to impress them at their Buggalo Ranch they immediately disapprove of his squishiness .
As owner of the western hemisphere of Mars ( The Good Side ) , Leo Wong is the evil mastermind who destroys Mars Vegas to build the largest miniature golf course in the galaxy in Into the Wild Green Yonder .
" Xmas Story "
" Watch out everyone !
His belly is jiggling like a bowl full of nitroglycerine ! "
Finally .
A TV show portrays Christmas the way the rest of us experience it .
As a murder - filled fear factory of ultimate judgment !
You might think that the Xmas Robot Santa has his " naughty and nice " meter out of whack but we'd like to suggest that his verdict is cruel , but fair .
Whether he 's killing everyone in his path with lethal ornaments or using mechanical reindeer to eviscerate citizens with laser beams , we can't help but love this unstoppable , psychotic lug from Neptune .
" I 'm going to tear off your skin like wrapping paper and deck the halls with your guts ! "
Ho ho ho , indeed .
" A Big Piece of Garbage "
Former student and bitter rival of Professor Farnsworth , Wernstrom is considered one of the greatest minds in the known universe .
While he and Farnsworth have been known to collaborate from time to time , Wernstrom will often attempt to get the upper hand , most notably with killbots , reverse scuba suits and Diamondillium .
While Farnsworth often poses a threat to his departed pupil , Werstrom would argue that the game of science is better left for the younger , more strapping 120 - year - olds .
But above all , Werstrom serves as the Newman to Farnsworth 's Jerry Seinfeld , and for that we raise our aging fists and lament , " Weeern - strom ! "
It ’s like taking a trip in a time machine , going all the way back to the darkest days of the cold war era , as headlines scream : Russian spy cabal arrested !
Glamorous Russian Mata Hari – “ worthy of a 007 movie ” – was sending secret messages !
Eleven seemingly ordinary – incredibly ordinary – people have been arrested so far , in a case that seems as bizarre as it is unbelievable .
A message supposedly decrypted and sent to the cabal read as follows :
“ You were sent to USA for long - term service trip .
Your education , bank accounts , car , house etc. – all these serve one goal : fulfill your main mission , i.e. to search and develop ties in policymaking circles in US and send intels ( intelligence reports ) to C[enter ] . ”
It sounds like Boris Badenov – or a very bad Ian Fleming knock - off .
Apparently , the cabal – numbering eleven spies , at least so far as we know now – was told to infiltrate the US and blend into America just as if they were ordinary people .
They would go about their ordinary jobs – consultant , real estate agent , housewife and mother , whatever – take out mortgages , have children , go to PTA meeting , and all the while they were really sinister Russian agents , plotting god - knows - what heinous schemes designed to steal our secrets , influence government policy , and undermine the very fabric of American life .
No kidding ….
Take Cynthia Murphy : the woman “ neighbors thought they knew was a mom of two young girls who loved to garden and made sure to water her plants . ”
They thought “ Richard Murphy was the dad at the bus stop .
The couple even had dogs and owned a Honda . ”
Yes , but what did they do to actually compromise US national security ?
Well , let ’s see : Cynthia “ allegedly used contacts she had met in New York to convey information to the Center about prospects for a global gold market . ”
Oh no !
Furthermore , “ the couple were cautious about seeking employment in the U.S. government , fearing their ‘ legends ’ were n’t strong enough to withstand a background check . ”
So , they did n’t infiltrate the US government , or even try to do so .
A typical Russian spy trick !
Alleged Russian spy Anna Chapman
And then there ’s this sinister note : “ The FBI also documents Cynthia ’s meetings with a prominent New York - based financier , whose name is omitted from the complaint .
Superiors in Moscow instructed Cynthia to develop the relationship and try to gain information on foreign policy and access to political events . ”
How perfectly , awfully insidious !
The next thing you know , they ’ll be reading blogs !
Cynthia was “ a well - dressed Mom working in a New York bank , ” we ’re told , and her husband a “ stay at home Dad . ”
Yet , according to our news media and the cops ( or do I repeat myself ? ) :
“ In spring 2009 , Moscow asked them about President Barack Obama ’s views before an international summit in July . ”
Really ?
But what would a mom working in a New York bank , and a stay at home Dad , know about that ?
Something does n’t smell right about this whole affair : my BS - ometer is clanging pretty loudly , and yours should be , too .
The indictments read like a very bad movie scenario , complete with machinations involving invisible ink , hi-tech hijinks , and secret messages – but what , one wonders , was the point ?
What did they steal ?
What damage did they cause ?
The indictments mention nothing of the sort , and it ’s apparently not at all clear what these “ deep cover ” “ spies ” accomplished , if anything .
It ’s quite a disparate crew our Keystone Kops have supposedly uncovered , including one Vicky Pelaez , a former Peruvian television reporter and a columnist for El Diario - La Prensa , whose forte was fiery denunciations of US foreign policy in Latin America , and her husband Juan Lazaro , a former professor at Baruch College who “ taught a course in politics in Latin America and the Caribbean ” and , according to the New York Times ,
“ His students said he was a professor like none other .
The reason ?
His passionate denunciation of American foreign policy .
He maintained that the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were a money - making ploy for corporate America .
He praised President Hugo Chávez of Venezuela and disparaged President Álvaro Uribe of Colombia as a pawn for paramilitary groups that have broad control over drug trafficking .
“ ’ He challenged us intellectually , ’ said one student who graduated in May .
‘ He criticized a lot about what happens in the United States , and that ’s what I think got some people upset . ’
Someone was so upset that he or she complained about Mr. Lazaro , students said , adding that Mr. Lazaro had been let go at the end of the semester .
Some students signed a petition seeking his reinstatement , but they said it had had no effect . ”
Oh god , I ’m sooooo glad the FBI is guarding our free society from those horrible authoritarian commies – are n’t you ?
Why , if not , college professors would be kicked out of their positions due to their unpopular political opinions , and we’d be living in a police state where the government can spy on you in your own home .
Oh , wait …
Leave it to Fleet Street to come up with headlines like “ Flame - haired beauty Anna Chapman allegedly part of bizarre Russian spy ring . ”
Where else but the Daily Mail would you read a headline like that ?
( Well , actually , the New York Post would probably run it , but would call her a “ red - headed beauty ” instead . )
Therein , we learn “ Glamorous Anna Chapman , 28 , appeared in court on espionage charges as the Home Office urgently probed claims one of the suspects used a fake British passport to travel to Moscow . ”
Actually , not a single one of those arrested is being charged with espionage : the charges are failing to register as a foreign agent , money laundering in some instances , and using forged passports .
Chapman ’s “ crime ” ?
Talking to an alleged Russian governmental official on a closed internet network whilst sitting in Starbucks .
Throw the book at her !
While headlines scream “ The Glamorous Spy Next Door ” and inscribe a narrative on the public consciousness that there are Russian pod-people possibly living next door to you , the actual facts tell a far different story .
Which is this : probably every country in the world employs a certain number of people to monitor events in the US while they live here , sending periodic reports to the “ home office , ” and Russia ’s is probably the least obtrusive – and , given what we ’ve uncovered so far , and the piddling charges filed against the “ spy cabal , ” not very good at what they ’re supposed to be doing .
However , other nations which do exactly the same thing – and worse – are somehow exempt from arrest .
And of course it ’s just a “ coincidence ” that this bust comes shortly after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ’s visit to Washington , which was supposed to herald the “ reset ” of Russo - American relations .
This Russian “ spy ” story is so flaky , so Bizarro World - ish , so obviously a con job that , really , no commentary is required : all one has to do is report the facts of the “ case ” to see that there is no case , or , as Gertrude Stein said of her home town of Oakland , “ no there there . ”
So what ’s the point ?
Who knows ?
There are plenty of people in the US government who would look favorably on a souring of US - Russian relations .
Perhaps the Obama administration is retaliating for Moscow ’s lack of cooperation with the Iranian sanctions .
Or maybe the idea is to divert attention away from the spy networks that really matter ….
Day in and day out we are told that al - Qaeda and its allies are relentlessly trying to penetrate the US so they can blow up a few cities with suitcase nukes , or whatever horrific weapon they ’ve gotten their hands on , and yet what does the FBI come up with : a dozen or so Russian “ moles ” left over from the cold war , happily ripping off their bosses for all kinds of goodies ( the Murphys got a $ 400,000 house paid for by Russian taxpayers , and put in their name ) , and having a good old time in America .
The more we learn about the cabal that did n’t steal a single secret , the louder the alarm on your BS - ometer will ring – that is , if you ’re paying attention to the upshot of this case at all .
Most people wo n’t , of course ; they ’ll just remember the headlines about “ Russian spies ” and retain a general impression of Russian malevolence – and that ’s the whole point .
That ’s what propaganda – good propaganda – accomplishes .
So we can say , with this little operation : Mission accomplished !
Add speed reading to the set of mad skills that rich robotic algos are now much better at than humans .
The latest craze among the computerized trading community is using Johnny 5 to read through thousands of press releases in combination with some fuzzy logic and the 80/20 rule , to trade stocks pronto , even as plan vanilla Homo Sapiens are still stuck on footnote 1 .
The WSJ reports that : " Researchers have been working on an artificial - intelligence computer program designed to mimic the way an analyst uses financial news .
In simulated trading , the program beat the S&P 500 , and when combined with quantitative stock - picking techniques , it saw a return on trades of more than 20 % . "
Unlike traditional number crunching methods to front run those armed with less than the latest SPARCs , this latest development will instead try to determine what the subtext of a given PR narrative is and trade it accordingly .
It is unclear whether these programs are already in place , and whether they account for the almost universally wrong knee jerk reaction post any earnings and press release by public companies .
We can't wait for corporate counterespionage divisions to reverse engineer these algos , and determine just what keywords and phrases set off Buy programs , and flood their press releases which announce 100 % misses to expectations , yet result in flash dashes and inexplicably push stock prices up a few million percent .
In other news , the market is now no longer about forecasting , predicting , and , generally , investing , but merely about being faster to frontrun / react / buy than your immediate competitor .
More from the WSJ :
To make stock predictions , the program does what is known as “ text mining ” — scanning large volumes of content and analyzing the words in it .
Computer - aided quantitative funds already are plentiful , but they analyze numerical data rather than text .
The new program is different because it attempts to simulate what has traditionally been a human activity .
“ Our approach is more like the analyst approach , simulated by a program , ” said Hsinchun Chen , director of the University of Arizona ’s Artificial Intelligence Lab , in an interview with Digits .
“ You have an analyst reading papers , looking for clues that others have not observed . ”
The program , which was first reported by MIT ’s Technology Review , scans stock prices and financial news and buys or shorts stocks it believes will move more than 1 % in the next 20 minutes .
The system sells the stocks after 20 minutes .
“ When you do long - term predictions , there are many variables , ” Dr. Chen said .
“ But … you can have an advantage if you look at five minutes , 10 minutes . ”
And before one says this is the dumbest thing in the world , here is the retort : the program 's creator , fully aware that past performance is a guarantee of future results , note that based on backchecks Johnny 5 would already be richer than Jim Simons :
The system ’s creators tested it using data from five weeks in the fall of 2005 — more than 9,000 news articles and 10 million stock quotes .
During that test , the system , called AZFinText , had an 8.5 % return on trades , beating the S&P 500 index as well as six of the top 10 quantitative funds .
When the researchers used quantitative strategies to select a portfolio and then used AZFinText to decide which trades to make , they saw a return of more than 20 % .
But that test period was selected for its lack of unusual market conditions , and Dr. Chen said the evidence is still early .
He expects the system to be in use in the next two to five years .
Dr. Chen and Robert Schumaker , an AZFinText creator who has since become an assistant professor at Iona College in New York , also have been working on systems that analyze finance writers ’ sentiment .
The researchers also are expanding beyond Yahoo Finance and traditional news outlets to analyze blogs and investor and employee forums .
We hope these binary librarians learn to avoid the pages of Zero Hedge early on .
Newzbin goes into liquidation amid rumours the codebase has been " stolen "
Victoria Police says it will look into claims that a senior detective was pressured to drop a 2004 rape case against St Kilda footballer Stephen Milne .
Former detective Scott Gladman has told Channel Nine he was intimidated and threatened by other officers to " do the right thing " .
He says he was told he would be looked after if the case was not pursued .
Milne was accused of raping a woman at the home of his team - mate , Leigh Montagna , in March 2004 .
Both men were interviewed by police but were not charged and have always denied the allegations .
After a two - month investigation , Victoria 's Director of Public Prosecutions declined to prosecute Milne , concluding there was insufficient evidence for charges to be laid .
Mr Gladman says
Milne is innocent until proven guilty in a court of law , but claims the case never got that far because the natural flow of justice was interrupted .
Mr Gladman says one senior police officer , who was a passionate St Kilda fan , called him to issue a warning .
" [ He said ]
' It did n't happen the way she said it happened .
She 's just one of these footy s***s that runs around looking for footballers to f***' , was the words , " he said .
" You better make this go away .
You better do the right thing .
You better make sure that this is done properly . "
Mr Gladman claims the police officer called him twice more .
" I was left [ with ] no doubt in my mind that people have long memories in the police force and that if I want to go far , or want to get on , then I have to do the right thing here , " he said .
Mr Gladman says parts of his brief of evidence went missing , sometimes for several hours , including the statement by the woman who made the rape allegation .
" So the football club would have been aware of the allegations in a statement form , the victim 's names and the witness 's names , within days of it happening , " he said .
" I was riding home at night time with four folders in my backpack , an extra 10 - 15 kilos , because I could n't leave the briefs at work . "
Victoria Police says the allegations have not been raised with the Police Ethical Standards department but that Victoria Police will now take a look at what has been said and decide what further actions might need to be taken .
Acting Deputy Commissioner Steve Fontana says the allegations are extremely serious and will be thoroughly investigated .
" We certainly would like to speak to Scott Gladman in relation to the allegations and also pulling out the file , the brief of evidence , " he said .
" We need to speak to all the parties involved , we need to speak to the victim in this matter just to keep her informed about the progress of the investigation . "
There is no suggestion that Milne or Montagna were involved in the alleged interference with the police investigation .
With news of an immigration rally outside tonight 's Lakers vs. Phoenix Suns game , prompted by Phil Jackson 's comments on Arizona 's controversial law , the coach himself released a statement today , hoping to clarify any issues .
“ I ’ve been involved in a number of progressive political issues over the years and I support those who stand up for their beliefs .
It is what makes this country great , ” he said , according to the LA Times .
“ I have respect for those who oppose the new Arizona immigration law , but I am wary of putting entire sports organizations in the middle of political controversies , " he continued .
" This was the message of my statement .
I know others feel differently , even in the Lakers organization , but it was a personal statement .
In this regard , it is my wish that this statement not be used by either side to rally activists . ”
On June 19 , the London - based Al Quds Al Arabi reported that two Israel Navy vessels accompanied the U.S. carrier group through the canal .
In a June 21 statement , the U.S. Navy did not cite Israeli participation .
" I am very proud of the men and women of the Truman Carrier Strike Group as we join the Fifth Fleet , " Rear Adm.
Patrick Driscoll , commander of Carrier Strike Group 10 , said .
" We have trained hard to support our troops on the ground in Afghanistan and we look forward to working with our regional maritime partners to enhance interoperability and security , " Driscoll said .
Officials said the U.S. passage through the Suez marked a major security and safety effort .
They said the Egyptian military facilitated the voyage of the carrier group without incident .
" I was surprised by how close we were to land , " Jason Kowalski , a sailor aboard Truman , said .
There ’s a lot of talk about private trackers and invite applications these days .
It looks as if every tracker on the planet is starting to recruit members via invite apps .
This is not really a bad thing though – invites officially handed out like this should allow tracker staff to recruit good members and minimize scams related to invite trading at the same time .
Anyways the latest private torrent site to implement online invite applications is the popular specialized high definition tracker HD - Bits .
Ro ( not to be confused with HDBits .
Org ) .
If you could not get into this site through their recent open signup ( there was one just about two months ago ) , you can now apply for an invite through the online form .
HDbits .
Ro tracks scene and P2P HD video releases such as movies , TV shows , Documentaries including exclusive uploads by their internal encoder group HDBRise .
With over 13000 active members and 4500 torrents , this is one of the larger HD trackers .
Torrents are well seeded and download speeds are pretty good .
Our recent review of HD - Bits .
Ro which we wrote during their last open signup is still up to date .
Hence , we will not be discussing site features or content in detail here – if you need to know additional information about this tracker or view screenshots of it , please refer to the full review located here .
Coming back to invite applications , you ’d be glad to know that they are not insanely hard to complete .
There are two stages in the process - first one tests your knowledge on HD - Bits .
Ro rules .
Provided that you read the rules carefully ( rules page may be found here ) , you should easily be able to complete this section .
Second and final step involves submitting ratio proof , profile links and a screenshot of your torrent client along with a few other details .
Once this is done , you can submit your invite application .
However , make sure you read the following ( quoted from HDBR page ) before you start filling out the form :
Please fill in all the forms , especially your e-mail because that 's where you 'll receive your invitation
Do n't worry about your personal information , only staff has access ; application is deleted after being accepted or rejected
We might answer your application in a couple of hours or it could take a couple of days
While we do not require you to write extremely long responses to the following questions , we do expect you to show some effort / thoughtfulness when answering
If your account was previously disabled , do not attempt to apply here .
Instead , come into IRC and talk with us !
Please complete only one application form , if you post more , we will delete from without even reading them
We do not know how long ( on average ) it will take Hd - Bits .
Ro staff to process your application and send an invite if you are approved .
It ’s best to wait patiently without applying multiple times as it might take some time to sort out the large number of requests they receive .
Site Name : HD - Bits .Ro ( http://www.hd-bits.ro)
Invite Applications URL : http://www.hd-bits.ro/application_form.php
Special thanks to Sorin for sending us this news .
Related Articles
MyFoxPhilly.com is reporting that this website , and this Facebook page popped up , urging Flyers fans to meet at the corner of 18th and the Parkway at 5 PM tonight to see the Blackhawks off from their hotel ( The Four Seasons ) to tonight 's Game 4 at the Wachovia Center .
Their bus is scheduled to leave at 5:25 .
They want fans to follow the Blackhawks bus on their bikes from the Four Seasons Hotel to South Philadelphia .
A source within the Flyers organization tells us they will have a police escort , and fans wo n't be able to get near the bus .
We can see this going horribly wrong , but if you do wind up going , please behave !
The last thing Philly sports fans need is another black eye from the national media .
If you see something crazy , send us pics to crossingbroad@yahoo.com or tweet us @crossingbroad .
A bright orange Lamborghini Gallardo has bit the dust on the rainy streets of a Sydney , Australia hotspot over the weekend .
A member of FerrariChat.com has posted up images of the aftermath , which resulted after the sorry looking Lambo clipped a taxi and then crashed into another one .
The accident took place on Sydney ’s Oxford Street on a Saturday night .
The place is lined with bars and clubs so we ’re guessing the driver was probably showing off -- speeding in a busy inner city street in the wet is never a good idea .
The damage looks bad but considering the engine is located at the rear of the car , there could be some hope for a repair .
You can check out the rest of the shots and judge for yourself by following the jump below .
[ FerrariChat.com ]
German SdKfz 251 Ausf D halftracks destroyed by the U.S. 9th Air Force near Gavray , France in August 1944 .
The foreground SdKfz 251 is an unknown variant with extended top armor plate over the passenger section .
What is Islamophobia ?
The need for a continuous critical scrutiny of Islam .
A phobia is fear , aversion or hatred , especially morbid or irrational of something , from spiders to wide open spaces .
Islamophobia is fear of Islam .
Yes I do fear it , but it is not irrational ; my life and the life of my family is at stake .
As an apostate from Islam I am at risk of being assassinated - all the Islamic schools of law whether Sunni or Shia prescribe the death penalty for apostasy .
As a public speaker critical of many aspects of Islam I am also risking my life since I am on the death list of many Islamists .
But , again , I repeat I am not irrational : I give reasons , arguments and evidence for my views .
Criticisms of Islam are not just some empty parlour game but matters of life and death .
It is irrational for liberal journals and newspapers to lament the lack of an Islamic Enlightenment and then refuse space to dissidents that criticise Islam as a dangerous ideology .
How do these liberals think an Enlightenment will come about without criticism ?
Islamophobia is a vague term of abuse used to silence criticism of Islam .
Islamic nations have also taken up the term Islamophobia to silence any criticism not just of Islam but any discussion of the human rights abuses in Islamic countries .
Just to quote the Koran is now considered Islamophobic , and forbidden in the Human Rights Council in Geneva .
I still receive letters from the Islamic world particularly from women telling me to keep up my good work since it was helping them to liberate themselves from an oppressive ideology .
At the Secular Islam Summit in Florida a few years ago , I was interviewed by the Arabic language television network , Al Jazeera .
I was a little hesitant but went ahead and answered their questions .
At the end , the journalists and the camera crew shook my hands and confessed that they agreed with my views but were unable to express them ; they also encouraged me to keep up the good work .
A few years ago at CFI Conference in Buffalo / Amherst , for once I had my Ibn Warraq name tag pinned on my lapel .
As I was walking along a darkish corridor three South Asian males came towards me , bent down and peered at my name tag and asked in astonishment , " Are you Ibn Warraq .
The Ibn Warraq ? "
I suddenly realised what Salman Rushdie must have felt during his years of hiding : absolute fear .
They asked to shake my hands and said that my books had changed their lives .
Dr. Ali [ a pseudonym ] fom Iraq stayed at the Center for Inquiry for three months , sleeping in one of the guest houses next to my house .
I spent much time with him .
He revealed that there had been an " Ibn Warraq Fan Club " in Baghdad for many months but had to be disbanded because of threats of violence .
Nonetheless , various fan club members are busy translating the works of Dr. Kurtz and Ibn Warraq .
The moral of all these tales and anecdotes is : we must continue criticising Islam - despite charges of Islamophobia - in a responsible way , without demonising all Muslims ; there is an obvious need for it , and it seems to have helped countless men and women , and may even help eventually bring about an Enlightenment .
Today is the sixtieth anniversary of the war that never ended – the Korean war , to be exact , the first real face - to - face armed conflict of the cold war era .
Although a truce was declared , a peace treaty was never signed , and the threat that Harry Truman ’s war will erupt once more hangs over our heads to this day .
Yet the North Koreans are a threat mainly to themselves , as they rail and rant and launch provocations that are almost comical in their extravagance : Pyongyang , which routinely threatens to incinerate the South , has elevated bellicosity into an art form .
However , these odd relics of a half - forgotten past are not what haunts us today : after all , the Korean peninsula is on the outer fringes of the Empire , and what happens there is of little consequence to most Americans .
What has the Korean war to do with us , in the here and now ?
Well , now that you ask : plenty .
The war was a turning point in terms of the domestic political debate : when it broke out , the American political landscape was undergoing one of those seismic changes in which left becomes right , right becomes left , and the world is turned upside down .
On the right , the Republican party was recovering from its marginalization during the New Deal era , mobilizing its forces – and the nascent conservative movement – around the banner of militant anti-communism .
Having been on the losing side of the foreign policy debate since Pearl Harbor , when the party ’s “ isolationist ” wing was soundly defeated , the GOP was n’t going to miss the opportunity to get their own back , and get it back they did .
Except for an anti-interventionist old guard , led by the remnants of the Taft wing , the Republicans went on the warpath , literally , and launched a campaign designed to smear the Democrats as “ soft on communism . ”
In very short order , the arguments they had made against the emergence of the US as a global power in the pre-war era were swept under the rug , to be replaced by a militant interventionism .
McCarthyism – the movement personified by Senator Josepth “ Tail Gunner Joe ” McCarthy , the alcoholic loose cannon of the Republican right – was the bridge that allowed the GOP to cross that Rubicon , and there has been no going back ever since .
The identification of a supposedly all - pervasive domestic enemy – American Communists , who had , in fact , permeated the Roosevelt administration , especially in its lower echelons , during the old Popular Front days – energized their base and paved the way for the party to abandon its former “ isolationism . ”
If it was okay to use the police powers of the emerging national security state to hunt down and identify Communists on the home front , then there was very little to stop us from carrying that crusade to the four corners of the earth – and we did just that .
In taking this path to power , the GOP went down the same road traveled by the Democrats only a few years before , when another form of socialism – National Socialism – was the enemy , and FDR used the threat posed by Hitler to brand his domestic opponents “ copperheads ” and worse .
Roosevelt and his American Communist janissaries used every opportunity to drive home the point that the anti-war anti-New Deal Republicans and their conservative and libertarian allies were Hitlerites , active agents of the Third Reich intent not only on delivering the world to the Axis powers but also determined to undermine and reverse the glorious achievements ofKing Franklin .
This smear campaign – the “ Brown Scare ” — was led by the extreme left wing of the wartime Popular Front , i.e. the Communist party , which was in the vanguard of the literary campaign to tar the Right with the Nazi brush .
The fellow - traveling John Roy Carlson , aka Avedis Derounian , wrote a best - selling book that retailed this farrago of lies and established , to this day , the “ official ” history of that era which characterized the old America First antiwar movement as a “ transmission belt ” for Hitler ’s propaganda , as one Commuinst - inspired tract put it .
It was only right , or so the conservatives thought , that the Brown Scare should be followed by a Red Scare , and so it was .
The Republicans went on the offensive , after the war , and , eager to recoup their losses – after having been almost completely marginalized during the war years – launched a campaign that accused the Democrats of “ twenty years of treason . ”
As Russian armies moved into Eastern Europe and set up “ people ’s democracies , ” and China fell into the Soviet orbit , this charge had a certain ring of truth to it .
Indeed , the Roosevelt administration had collaborated with the American Communist party , especially in New York , where the Communist - dominated American Labor Party wielded a pivotal influence .
The Communists had jumped on the New Deal bandwagon , and , in many instances , ridden it all the way to Washington , D.C. , where their agents penetrated government agencies and set up an extensive espionage network , as documents culled from old Soviet archives have recently revealed .
Alger Hiss was far from alone .
Such critics of Roosevelt ’s road to war as Col. Robert Rutherford McCormick , publisher of the militantly “ isolationist ” ( i.e. pro-peace ) Chicago Tribune had presciently warned that Stalin would be the victor in a war to destroy National Socialism , and that we had better let the two dictators fight to the death like scorpions in a bottle .
McCormick was vilified as a traitor for that , but history proved him right , and as Stalin ’s armies were taking one Eastern Euopean capital after another , the tables were turned .
This time , it was the left that was vilified as a “ fifth column , ” and the Republicans used the extreme right as a battering ram against the Democrats just as the New Dealers had used their Communist attack dogs in the war years .
Yet not everyone on the right was ready to throw their principles overboard , and a few voices of dissent were heard , albeit briefly and to no avail .
When McCormick raised objections to NATO and the Marshall Plan , he was attacked by the leftist Nation magazine , as well as The New Republic , as taking the “ Soviet line . ” Senator Robert A. Taft , although he supported NATO , did so reluctantly , and his followers in the GOP congressional caucus , such as Rep. George H. Bender , had no compunctions about voting “ nay . ”
The siren song of “ collective security , ” and all the shibboleths of interventionism , had failed to work their charms on these stalwarts all though the war years , when the pressure to conform was really intense , and they were n’t about to abandon their hard - won principles now .
The results of the war had validated them , and such writers as Garet Garrett , an editor of the Saturday Evening Post and a popular financial writer , warned us what was coming when he pointed to Truman ’s “ usurpation ” of what had formerly been the sole prerogative of Congress : the power to declare war .
Roosevelt had carried out a complex campaign of deception , carrying on a secret war while publicly declaring his desire for peace : Truman , on the other hand , a pygmy in comparison , simply ignored Congress and went ahead and made war on the North Koreans .
The Constitution , by this time , had become a mere parchment : this relegated it to the attic , finally , where it has lain ever since .
When Truman followed up his victory over the rule of law and the intent of the Founders with an order sending US troops to Europe , a few Republicans objected , and Truman commanded his lawyers and shills to come up with a rationalization for ditching the Constitution .
They promptly complied with " Powers of the President to Send Troops Outside of the United States , ” which was submitted to the Senate Foreign Relations committee .
“ This document , ” averred Garrett ,
“ In the year 2950 , will be a precious find for any historian who may be trying to trace the departing footprints of the vanished American Republic .
For the information of the United States Senate it said : ‘ As this discussion of the respective powers of the President and Congress has made clear , constitutional doctrine has been largely molded by practical necessities .
Use of the congressional power to declare war , for example , has fallen into abeyance because wars are no longer declared in advance . ’
“ Caesar might have said it to the Roman Senate .
If constitutional doctrine is molded by necessity , what ’s a written Constitution for ? ”
FDR had greatly expanded the power of the presidency , not only by the sheer force of his personality but by the rise of administrative law , i.e. law written and administered by the growing bureaucracy , which was and is answerable directly to the White House .
This was the signal achievement , if it can be called that , of the New Deal : the Imperial Presidency was born in the war years , and Truman sought to continue the tradition .
As US troops were mired in the Korean mud , in 1952 , the President invoked the mantra of “ national security ” and his alleged wartime powers to nationalize the steel industry , and call in the troops to break a strike .
Steel was essential to fighting the war , he reasoned , and therefore it was entirely within his power as commander - in - chief to seize the steel mills : once again , the Constitution would be molded by ever - present “ necessity . ”
The steel industry took the case all the way to the Supreme Court , and won a tentative victory .
As this piece on the case recounts :
“ On June 2 , 1952 , the Supreme Court , by a 6 – 3 margin , ruled that President Truman ’s seizure order was unconstitutional ( Youngstown , Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer , 343 U.S. 579 ) .
Justice Hugo Black , writing the majority opinion , concluded : " The Founders of this Nation entrusted the lawmaking power to the Congress alone in both good and bad times . "
Justices Black and Douglas took the position that under no circumstances could a president alone constitutionally " make laws " as Truman had attempted to do with his executive order .
The other four justices making up the majority did not go so far .
Evidently , they believed that the national emergency in the spring of 1952 was not severe enough to justify the government takeover of privately owned steel companies .
However , these justices implied that under more extreme circumstances , such an action by a president may be constitutional . ”
Which is why , today , the courts would have no problem upholding Joe Lieberman ’s bill giving the President power to switch off the internet — or , for that matter , effectively seize any and all industry — according to the dictates of “ necessity . ”
Do n’t you know there ’s a war on ?
Every administration uses the “ national security ” bugaboo to increase its power , and Truman outdid even FDR in the boldness of his usurpations , sending the troops to occupy the mills to avert a strike led by FDR ’s former allies , the Communists and their fellow travelers in the unions .
The national strike called by the steel workers was the last gasp of the left as it fell victim to the growing witch - hunt .
The cold war years saw the rise of the “ anti-Communist left , ” i.e. right - wing Social Democrats and the forerunners of today ’s neoconservatives , a shift prefigured when the Democrats dumped FDR ’s first Vice President , Henry Wallace , and replaced him with Truman .
The Wallace - ites soon hived off to form their own short - lived Progressive Party , and the left was marginalized until the 1960s .
The legacy of Trumanism , i.e. cold war liberalism , was Vietnam .
As we sink in the mud of yet another quagmire , this time in the wilds of Central Asia , let us remember how we got here , and who brought us to this moment .
Let us remember , and curse their names .
A little - noticed comment in a New York Times interview with Israeli opposition leader Tzipi Livni has critics arguing that it shows the media has a “ double standard ” when it comes to terrorism .
In an interview published Tuesday , Livni , the leader of Israel ’s centrist Kadima party , boasted that her parents , both members of the Zionist militant group Irgun in the 1940s , were the first couple to be married in the newly - formed state of Israel .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Both of them were in the Irgun , ” Livni said .
“ They were freedom fighters , and they met while boarding a British train .
When the British Mandate was here , they robbed a train to get the money in order to buy weapons . ”
To which New York Times reporter Deborah Solomon responded : “ It was a more romantic era . ”
“ I ’ve met interviewer Deborah Solomon — smart lady , ” writes Philip Weiss , who brought attention to the comment on his blog .
“ I wonder whether she was inoculated , as I was , by Zionism , and to what degree .
This is typically one - sided . ”
Weiss points out that Irgun , which was fighting for the creation of a Jewish state , was responsible for the bombing of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem in 1946 .
That attack killed 91 people , including US and British nationals , and is believed to remain to this day as the most deadly militant attack in the history of the conflict between Israel and its neighbors .
Irgun ’s membership was absorbed into the Israeli Defence Force after the creation of Israel .
Its political arm is a predecessor to today ’s Likud party , whose leader , Benjamin Netanyahu , is prime minister of Israel .
ADVERTISEMENT
Matt Duss at ThinkProgress goes even further than Weiss in his criticism of the Times ‘ portrayal of Irgun .
“ What Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s amazing here is not only does Solomon neglect to challenge LivniÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s characterization of her parentsÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ membership in a terrorist group as ‘ freedom fight[ing ] , ’ Solomon herself volunteers further assistance in the whitewash , ” he opines .
Duss points out that , at the time of Irgun ’s attacks , the Times itself referred to the group ’s activities as “ terrorism . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Can you imagine any mainstream American journalist performing this service in regard to Hamas terrorism ?
I doubt it , ” Duss writes .
Human beings , with few exceptions , view the world from two places at once : our eyes .
Our eyes are separated by approximately 2.5 inches and each retina can only generate a two - dimensional image .
But we live in a three - dimensional world so our brains have evolved to combine the two - dimensional images from each eye into a crisp three - dimensional model of the world around us .
A key part of this process is binocular disparity .
This refers to the fact that because each eye has a slightly different viewpoint , the two views are slightly displaced from each other .
It is central to our ability to judge distances because the amount of displacement between the two images is , after all , a function of how far whatever we are observing is from our eyes .
Since our brain is used to taking two 2D images and combining them to make a 3D model for us , it should be easy enough to persuade it to do so with any two images displaying the expected degree of binocular disparity .
Mercifully for b-movie film producers and , more recently , LCD display manufacturers , it turns out that it is actually very easy to fool the brain like this .
It 's pretty simple to present the brain with two " stereoscopic " images , but making sure that each eye sees the relevant image has proved more taxing .
The best cinema 3D ( if " best " is an appropriate word ) uses polarising glasses to filter the two images and create the 3D effect .
Sadly , the punters never really took to the idea of wearing the glasses , polarised , green and red or otherwise , mainly because they look so incredibly naff .
The problem for computer screen and TV manufacturers , then , was to create a plausible 3D image without using specs or - as with early attempts , two separate screens .
Sharp , along with most other display companies , started looking into developing a 3D display some time ago : the company 's European lab began its research back in 1992 .
Dimension Technologies Inc ( DTI ) meanwhile began its research in the mid 80s and now holds several patents covering technology for switchable 2D / 3D screens .
Early prototypes consisted of double screen systems but by 1994 Sharp 's researchers managed to get it down to one panel .
The next trick to crack was a screen that could display both 3D images and 2D images : all but the most frighteningly dedicated gamers would be reluctant to have a set up that meant changing monitors just to check email .
So how does it work ?
Think about that 3D cinema experience : differently polarised images play on screen together .
Viewers wear special glasses with lenses that allow opposite polarisations through .
In a simple 3D screen , a very fine grating , called a " parallax barrier " , is placed in front of the LCD screen .
It does the job of the polarising glasses , directing light from each image slightly differently so that at a so - called " sweet spot " about 20 inches in front of the screen the two images are separated just enough that the brain will create a composite 3D image .
The downside of this is that since the parallax barrier is a permanent feature of the monitor , then it 's always in 3D mode - not much use for day - to - day use , as noted above .
In Sharp 's screen , the parallax barrier is created by a second LCD screen - known as the " switching " LCD - which is off in normal 2D mode .
When this screen is activated , it polarises in stripes so that it is impenetrable to light from the first LCD screen , generating opaque grid lines in front of the normal screen .
The following graphic is from Sharp 's background to the process :
The limiting factor on this method is that you have to have your head in exactly the right spot to see the 3D image , so no peering over shoulders allowed .
Multiple viewer screens are not much more complicated to make : the parallax barrier is finer and cross hatched instead of striped .
However , making the images for such a screen is much harder , since instead of two pictures , the 3D image is created by combining at least four viewpoints .
For the time being , then , gamers will have to make so with single viewer screens , and will have to learn to play Quake without trying to peek round corners . ®
Related stories
Sharp launches ' 3D ' LCD screen
Sharp turns to Symbian
Samsung preps 2.6in VGA LCD
After the ban a group of Turkish bloggers has created an interesting poster mocking the censors !
code.google.com - I know , you do n’t need codes .
pages.google.com - Surf the government pages .
video.google.com - Use youtube .
Oops sorry , use something else .
translate.google.com.tr -
Why do you need to translate anything ?
docs.google.com - Use paper if you need .
sites.google.com - Sites ?
Why ?
books.google.com -
You do n’t want to read a book , do n’t you ?
chrome.google.com - Use Explorer , I like bugs .
sketchup.google.com -
It ’s forbidden to sketch anything , do n’t you know that ?
froogle.google.com -
It ’s too froggy to use .
labs.google.com - I just do n't like labs .
mars.google.com -
Do you really go to Mars ?
moon.google.com -
Is there any moon ?
notebook.google.com -
Note that , there is noo book .
toolbar.google.com -
You can borrow my hammer if it ’s necessary .
browsersync.google.com - Browser ?
What is that ?
catalog.google.com - Read government catalogs .
codesearch.google.com - I will find your code if you want .
knol.google.com -
What do you do with a troll ?
dir.google.com -
It ’s so boring .
You do n’t need it .
apengine.google.com - Somebody said engine ?
Give me oil !
health.google.com - I care about healtcare , not Google .
finance.google.com -
Can you borrow me a fifty ?
contacts.google.com -
Ask your headman .
earth.google.com - I love firebenders .
What the $ #@ is earth ?
groups.google.com.tr -
Why are they connecting people ?
Let ’s seperate them all .
shopping.google.com -
You need shopping too ?
Unbelieveable !
sky.google.com - Look over , there is your sky .
support.google.com - I ’m supporting you , you need Google ?
What a shame ...
tools.google.com -
Where is my hammer ?
wap.google.com - Wap is wap ?
answers.google.com -
You have questions ?
They are also banned .
google-analystics.com - I ’m the analyser here , OK ?
Source
Should Social Networrking Sites be Banned ?
( At Issue Series )
services “ Google Translate , Sites , Code , AppEngine , Docs , Groups , Feedburner .
Other Google services are reachable , but Analytics and Adsense are working slower . ” After the ban a group of Turkish bloggers has created an interesting poster mocking the censors !
Source http://sansuresansur.blogspot.com/2010/06/cok-sinirleniyorum.html
After YouTube has been banned in Turkey , according to some news reports , the government has also banned Google
Spill Brings Heartache
Tar balls from the Deepwater Horizon oil as they were collected East Beach on Galveston Island July 4 , 2010 .
U.S. Coast Guard photo .
U.S. Coast Guard
Spill Brings Heartache The U.S. Navy MZ - 3A Airship is enroute to the Gulf Coast and expected to arrive after July 6 at Jack Edwards National Airport in Gulf Shores , Ala .
The airship was requested by the U.S. Coast Guard to support Deepwater Horizon Response operations of the Unified Area Command .
The airship will be used to detect oil , direct skimming vessels , and look for wildlife that may be threatened by oil .
The airship began the flight to the Gulf Coast last month in Yuma , Ariz .
The airship is commercial A - 1 - 70 series blimp , manufactured by the American Blimp Corporation ..
U.S. Navy file photo .
Handout
Spill Brings Heartache Contractors use improvised mops made of bamboo poles and absorbent pads to clean up oil in the marsh grass in Terrebonne Bay , La. , on Saturday , July 3 , 2010 .
Oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill made landfall two days ago , and personnel from Branch Terrebonne Parish are responding with both tested methods and impromptu ingenuity to recover it .
U.S. Coast Guard Photo by Petty Officer 3rd Class Derek W. Richburg .
U.S. Coast Guard
Spill Brings Heartache Homemade sign in Grand Isle , La. , protests the loss of fishing jobs because of the oil spill .
The sign blames BP for the death of its fishing dream .
Sarah Netter / ABC
News
Spill Brings Heartache SpongeBob Squarepants and his friend Patrick star in a homemade protest sign in Grand Isle , La. Sarah Netter / ABC News
Pelicans Helpless as Oil Hits Gulf Shore Sonja Daniel is a Birmingham resident who travels to the beaches of Gulf Shores , Alabama every summer to enjoy the sun and water .
Sonja told ABC
News she was at the Gulf Shores public beach when the fumes from the oil washing ashore were " so horrible " she became sickened by them .
Sonja , like many in this area , returned to the beach -- this time Sonja brought a gas mask with her -- her way of enjoying the Gulf shores without breathing in what she calls " toxic air " from BP .
Courtery Sonja Daniel
BP Oil Spill Damages Environment
This image , according to a source who provided it and asked not to be named , shows barges at the site in the Gulf of Mexico where the crisis began .
These vessels are working on the " top kill " effort to stop the flow of oil that began when the Deepwater Horizon drilling rig suffered an explosion and fire on April 20 , 2010 , and later sank .
( ABC News )
BP Oil Spill Damages Environment
The drillship Discoverer Enterprise was used in efforts to control the spreading crude , setting parts of the oil slick on fire to prevent it from reaching shore .
This picture is from May 23 , 2010 .
Lt. Cmdr. Rob Wyman / U.S. Coast Guard
Dead Animals Start Showing Up After Oil Spill
A turtle is shown swimming in the gulf , approximately 16 miles off the Louisiana coast , May 3 , 2010 .
Dozens of turtles have shown up dead in the Gulf , many of which are currently undergoing necropsies at the Marine Mammal Institute in Mississippi to determine the cause .
At least five of the dead turtles have shown no trace of oil .
Greg Jennings and Sarah Gould / ABC
Federal judge Rosemary Collyer sits on the DC District Court , where several of the recent US Copyright Group lawsuits against alleged P2P users have been filed .
A few of those lawsuits ended up on Judge Collyer 's calendar , one of them filed against over 4,000 anonymous " John Does " at once .
This week , Judge Collyer issued a terse demand to the lawyers behind these cases : convince me within two weeks that jamming 4,577 people into a single lawsuit is a proper use of the court system .
Judge Rosemary Collyer
A brief entry in the official court docket lays out the order .
" MINUTE ORDER requiring Plaintiff to show cause in writing no later than June 21 , 2010 why Doe Defendants 2 through 2000 should not be dismissed for misjoinder under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 20 , " wrote the judge in The Steam Experiment case .
The same order was repeated in a separate case targeting 4,577 users alleged to have shared the film Far Cry .
The judge 's order came only days after the ACLU and EFF joined forces to file a friend of the court brief in these cases .
In that brief , the civil rights groups complained about the improper " joinder " of so many defendants from across the country in a single case in a far - off DC courthouse .
According to Rule 20 , which Judge Collyer referenced in her order , plaintiffs may only join defendants in a lawsuit if :
They assert any right to relief jointly , severally , or in the alternative with respect to or arising out of the same transaction , occurrence , or series of transactions or occurrences ; and
Any question of law or fact common to all plaintiffs will arise in the action .
But were the alleged distributions all part of the same " transaction or occurrence " ?
According to the ACLU and EFF , they were not , and these P2P lawsuits should be " severed " and each defendant sued individually .
" Plaintiff 's joinder of more than 4,500 defendants in a single action is improper and runs the tremendous risk of creating unfairness and denying individual justice to the suit , " they wrote .
" Mass joinder of individuals has been disapproved by federal courts in both the RIAA cases and elsewhere . "
The judge appears interested in at least debating this argument .
I checked in with EFF staff attorney Corynne McSherry , who worked on the brief , and she was pleased by the order .
" Of course , we do n't know yet how the judge is going to rule , but this order suggests that she is taking the issue seriously , " she said .
" That is a very good thing ; parties in any litigation should be required to follow the rules , but given the number of lawsuits ( with more promised ) and the thousands of individuals under threat , it 's particularly crucial here . "
Should the judge sever the lawsuits , each would have to be filed separately , with a separate filing fee and separate paperwork , making mass lawsuits much more difficult and expensive .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - Scientists are no strangers to spinning their research , a new study -- presumably not spun -- shows .
More than half of 72 reports examined by French and British researchers had dressed up their conclusions to make it seem as if new treatments were beneficial , even though they were n’t according to the statistics in the report .
For instance , one study concluded a cancer detection system worked , but could n’t back it up with actual results , Dr. Isabelle Boutron , who worked on the study , told Reuters Health .
“ Some of it was quite shocking , ” said Boutron , of the Universite Paris Descartes in France , adding that not all the examples were as glaring .
Earlier research has shown that findings are often spun when money is involved -- for instance when a drug maker funds a study of its own product .
In such cases , favorable conclusions may directly contradict the actual results .
But the spin is often subtle and may even slip by experts reviewing the scientific article .
This was true for Vioxx , a pain drug launched and later recalled by Merck , Boutron and her colleagues note .
When a clinical study was published in 2000 comparing Vioxx with an older drug , the authors downplayed the risk of heart attack : Instead of reporting the five - fold increase in risk , they chose to frame it as a protective effect of the older drug .
Although she did n’t examine the motives behind the spin , Boutron found several dubious strategies to misrepresent data .
Researchers would try to focus on only positive parts of their analysis , or compare patients before and after they received a treatment , without noting how patients responded to placebo .
Because the placebo response can be quite powerful , particularly in psychiatry , this can easily distort research findings .
“ I ’m sure most of the authors were n’t cheating , they were just very enthusiastic about their results , ” Boutron said .
But she added that she has become more suspicious when she reads academic articles , and that journals should pay more attention to research spin .
“ I supposed it will change the way I review papers , ” she said .
SOURCE : here
JAMA / Journal of the American Medical Association , May 26 , 2010 .
You have already voted for this video .
The UK and USA were going to build massive aircraft carriers out of pykrete ( a mix of ice and sawdust as ha ...
The UK and USA were going to build massive aircraft carriers out of pykrete ( a mix of ice and sawdust as hard as concrete ) to launch B29S against Japan .
This plan was amazing and for real .
“ It is the tension between creativity and skepticism that has produced the stunning and unexpected findings of science . ”
– Carl Sagan
advertisement
advertisement
Not since the Soviets launched Sputnik into Earth ’s orbit in the 1960s has there been such urgency for America to redesign science and math education programs .
Now , in the third millennium , the initiative takes the form of STEM ( Science , Technology , Engineering , and Mathematics ) education .
Research demonstrates that interest among American students in STEM subjects has greatly declined , a major issue given that the STEM labor force is an indicator of a nation ’s ability to sustain itself .
The new STEM initiative will launch with a bold mission : to reengage students in the joys of learning science and mathematics at all levels of education .
The launch is well underway .
In January of this year President Obama announced that $ 250 million would be invested in training and recruiting 100,000 new science and math teachers .
Secretary of Education Arne Duncan made STEM a prerequisite for states applying for Race to the Top funding .
Workshop image courtesy of the American Architectural Foundation
In lockstep with the White House announcement , the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in conjunction with the American Architectural Foundation , conducted workshops as part of a national summit on how design thinking and the design process can help to foster creative new models for STEM school development and create a framework for scaling up the STEM knowledge network .
Using design thinking , workshop participants also investigated what a STEM educational environment would look like .
America is investing in STEM education with money and with human capital .
Now is the time to reflect on the reasons for students ’ disengagement from science and technology subjects .
We need to treat STEM as a pedagogical approach and design an environment to support this new way of teaching .
Brian Greene , a best - selling author and theoretical physicist best known for his work in string theory , talks passionately about how we have educated the curiosity out of the math and sciences .
Greene says that we have paralyzed our children with the fear of being wrong .
Risk - taking and making mistakes are critical to the scientific process .
This fear of being wrong has resulted in disengagement from science and mathematics : learning science and math is a drag !
He makes a convincing assessment of the problems with our current science education system and stops just short of demanding a new pedagogy to bring excitement and relevance back to the learning of science and math .
advertisement
Watch Brian Greene ’s talk from a recent Aspen Ideas Festival on recapturing children ’s innate spirit of exploration .
The collision of the arts and sciences–right - brain thinkers collaborating with left - brain thinkers –helps spur new knowledge and innovation .
So why are the arts left out of the STEM discussion ?
I would argue we need to modify STEM to become STEAM to encompass the inventive , creative characteristics embodied in the arts .
By including the arts in the discussion , we also have the possibility of increasing engagement with students .
For example , at the University of California , Santa Barbara , JoAnn Kuchera - Morin , a musician , collaborated with her scientific colleagues to create the AlloSphere–an entirely new way to visualize and hear scientific data .
The Allosphere is a massive , echo - free sphere with large projection screens and surround sound that is connected to a super computer .
It enables scientists to employ all of the human senses and completely submerge themselves in their most complex data and models .
As Kuchera - Morin describes the phenomenon : “ imagine seeing and hearing the music of the electrons spin . ”
Words alone cannot explain the AlloSphere , you have to watch it in action .
Courtesy of crayonphysics.com and Kloonigames Ltd .
advertisement
Combining the arts and sciences can take a much simpler form as well .
Crayon Physics is a free Web - based game that introduces children to Newton ’s Laws of Motion .
The simple goal is to design a contraption that knocks a star off various platforms .
Kids can experience , in real time , the interconnected relationship of Newton ’s laws as their contraption is activated and unfolds .
The bigger idea is that the game allows the kids to solve puzzles by designing contraptions that are innovative , functional , and beautiful .
What Does a STEM Environment Look and Feel Like ?
It ’s critical to create an environment that promotes rather than hinders the collaborative human dynamic and the collision of mathematics , the sciences and the arts .
To promote this collision , spaces should flow into each other to encourage children ’s natural tendency to explore .
Do away the self - contained laboratory and let the lab atmosphere pervade a school ’s every nook and cranny !
We should promote project - based , rather than subject - based , curricula to enable inquiry and discovery .
Tinkering and prototyping rather than repetitive experimentation and testing should be the goal .
Some of the best examples of dynamic learning happen outside of school .
At the Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago , the “ Science Storms ” installation captures the sensorial , experiential joy that children discover in science .
At the ground level , the space is anchored by an immense vertical installation that allows children to feel a tornado spinning .
The perimeter of the installation is lined with smaller lab spaces for group learning .
The labs ’ glass walls and sliding doors provide a visual and tangible connection to the adjacent stimulating , hands - on experiments .
It is ironic that we create such amazing interactive science exhibitions that we bring our children to on special occasions rather than just building them at the schools .
advertisement
For designers invested in educational spaces , the challenge is obvious :
We cannot simply hammer the round peg of this STEM initiative into the square hole that is the 19th century school model .
Educators , scientists , architects , engineers , artists , technologists , designers , and kids can collaborate to re-envision the pedagogy and the learning environment needed to support STEM .
Through this design journey we will rediscover the spirit of playfulness and fun in learning science and meet the challenges of the Race to the Top .
Top image , the new “ Science Storms ” exhibition at Chicago ’s Museum of Science and
Industry Read Trung Le ’s blog Design
Education
Browse more blogs by Expert Designers Trung Le is a principal education
designer at Cannon Design .
Over the past two years he has helped lead an
interdisciplinary group of designers and educators from the U.S. , U.K. ,
Canada , and Germany , to collaborate on a research project that resulted
in the publication The Third Teacher : 79 Ways You Can Use Design
to Transform Teaching & Learning .
The term “ the third teacher ”
is derived from Loris Malaguzzi , founder of the Reggio Emilia approach
to learning and who wrote about the three teachers of children : adults ,
peers and the physical environment .
Environment , said Malaguzzi , is “ the
third teacher . ”
" I think the service companies are going to be exonerated , " he said .
" This was all BP 's fault . "
The headline comment came up , when Karen Finerman asked how to invest in the wake of the spill .
Simmons replied " I do n't think BP is going to last - at least not for more than a matter of months . "
That 's largely because the spill has grown to be so massive .
” President Obama got in writing from ( BP CEO ) Tony Hayward that he would clean up the Gulf of Mexico .
And right now the spread is larger that the state of Washington , ” Simmons says .
And it continues to grow .
Ultimately , Simmons thinks the cost of clean - up will just be too massive for BP to bear .
If you 're looking for a trade Simmons also tells us because of the moratorium in the gulf , investors should seek companies leveraged to exploration drilling overseas .
" It 's almost a certainty that we step back and say we do n't have the tool kit to go safely to these water depths . "
Of course , we'd be remiss not to tell you that Simmons can lean toward the dramatic .
Last week he told us that the most effective way to plug the spill in the gulf was to use a nuclear explosives .
However , let us reiterate that Simmons is widely followed in the industry .
And Wall Street listens to what he says .
You might want to do the same .
Watch the video now and hear our conversation with Simmons yourself !
______________________________________________________
Got something to to say ?
Send us an e-mail at fastmoney-web@cnbc.com and your comment might be posted on the Rapid Recap .
If you 'd prefer to make a comment but not have it published on our website send those e-mails to fastmoney@cnbc.com .
Trader disclosure :
On June 8 , 2010 , the following stocks and commodities mentioned or intended to be mentioned on CNBC ’s Fast Money were owned by the Fast Money traders ; Terranova owns ( IPSU ) , ( BX ) , ( PFE ) , ( FTO ) , ( RSX ) , ( TER ) , ( AXP ) , ( BMO ) , ( BBY ) , ( DIS ) , ( XCO ) , ( SWN ) , ( AAPL ) , ( IPI ) , ( SU ) , ( V ) , ( TEVA ) , ( FXB ) , ( GLD ) ; Adami owns ( AGU ) , ( MSFT ) , ( C ) , ( GS ) , ( INTC ) , ( NUE ) , ( BTU ) ; Finerman ’s firm owns ( AAPL ) ; Finerman owns ( BP ) calls ; Finerman Owns ( RIG ) calls ; Finerman ’s firm owns ( RIG ) calls ; Finerman owns ( MCD ) ; Finerman owns ( JPM ) calls ; Finerman owns ( BAC ) calls ; Finerman ’s firm owns ( JPM ) ; Finerman ’s firm owns ( BAC ) ; Finerman ’s firm owns ( C ) ; Finerman owns ( HPQ ) ; Finerman ’s firm owns ( HPQ ) ; Finerman owns ( GLW ) ; Scaramucci owns ( AAPL ) , ( MCD ) , ( JPM ) , ( BAC ) , ( C ) , ( WFC ) , ( GOOG ) ; Kelly owns ( GS ) puts ; Kelly owns ( SPY ) puts : Jon Najarian owns and has sold calls against ( MCD ) ; Jon Najarian owns and has sold calls against ( JPM ) ; Jon Najarian owns and has sold calls against ( BAC ) ; Jon Najarian owns and has sold calls against ( C ) ; Jon Najarian owns and has sold calls against ( WFC ) ; Jon Najarian owns and has sold calls against ( USB ) ; Jon Najarian owns and has sold calls against ( AAPL )l Jon Najarian owns and has sold calls against ( GS )
For Joe Terranova
Terranova works for ( VRTS )
Terranova is chief market strategist of virtus investment partners , ltd .
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( AMKR )
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( IGE )
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( DBV )
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( XLB )
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( XLV )
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( XLP )
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( XLY )
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( XLI )
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( XLU )
Virtus investment partners owns more than 1 % of ( DRYS )
For Anthony Scaramucci :
Skybridge Capital owns ( AAPL )
Skybridge Capital owns ( MCD )
Skybridge Capital owns ( JPM )
Skybridge Capital owns ( BAC )
Skybridge Capital owns ( C )
Skybridge Capital owns ( WFC )
Skybridge Capital owns ( GOOG )
Brian Kelly
Kanundrum Capital is short ( AMZN )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( RCL )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( XLY )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( AFL )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( CME )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( EWI )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( EWO )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( GS )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( HIG )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( XLF )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( FCX )
Kanundrum Capital is short ( XLB )
Kanundrum Capital is short the Euro
Kanundrum Capital is short the Pound
Kanundrum Capital is short the Swiss Franc
Kanundrum Capital owns ( GLD )
Kanundrum Capital owns ( GDX )
Kanundrum Capital owns ( GDXJ )
Kanundrum Capital owns ( AUY )
Kanundrum Capital owns ( GFI )
Kanundrum Capital owns ( TLT )
Kanundrum Capital owns U.S. dollars
For Chris Caso
Susquehanna makes a market in ( BRCM )
Susquehanna makes a market in ( INTC )
Susquehanna makes a market in ( MCHP )
Susquehanna makes a market in ( NVDA )
Susquehanna Financial and / or its affiliates beneficially own 1 % or more of ( MCHP )
Matt Simmons
*** No Disclosures ***
David Threlkeld
*** No Disclosures ***
Colin Gillis
*** No Disclosures ***
Scott Nations
*** No Disclosures ***
CNBC.com with wires
3:40 p.m. : Rodrick Jackson , Aaron Campbell 's brother , marched this afternoon with Campbell 's family and friends .
He said it " feels good to see that people have come out " in support of Campbell .
" Police are the people who we 're supposed to look up to , they 're the authority , " Jackson said as the crowd marched up Broadway throught the shadow of the Heathman Hotel .
" I want to see them stop taking advantage of it . "
3:30 p.m .
As the marchers turned off Broadway and into Portland State University , Jim McCandlish , an attorney for the family of Aaron Campbell , declined to comment about what the family hopes to hear from Attorney General John Kroger , who is expected to speak to speak at Portland State University at 5 p.m. to the crowd .
“ The family really appreciates the support they ’re getting from the community .
Justice will be done , ” said McCandlish .
3:35 p.m. Protesters are marching south on Broadway , chanting on the way to Portland State University .
The crowd appears to have grown closer to 400 .
3:15 p.m. About 250 have gathered in Pioneer Courthouse Square for a rally to protest the Jan. 29 fatal police shooting of an unarmed man and to urge the Oregon attorney general to launch an investigation
The rally is to be followed by a march up Southwest Broadway to Portland State University .
Attorney General John Kroger is meeting with community members at PSU to discuss what should be on the agenda for the state 's new Civil Rights Unit Division .
The rally is the second public gathering this week , in response to a grand jury decision clearing the officer involved of wrongdoing .
About 300 people marched on Wednesday from the Justice Center to City Hall , where they confronted Mayor Sam Adams .
A grand jury last week returned a " no true bill , '' or no indictment against Portland Officer Ronald Frashour , who fired one shot from his AR - 15 rifle at Arron Campbell , 25 , striking him in the back in the parking lot of the Sandy Terrace Apartment .
More The Oregonian 's full coverage of the death of Aaron Campbell .
Campbell died at the scene .
Police were called to the apartments on a welfare check of a woman , her three young children and Campbell , the woman 's suicidal boyfriend .
He was distraught over the death of his brother earlier that day .
Frashour told investigators he thought Campbell was reaching for a gun in his back waistband .
Moments earlier , Officer Ryan Lewton had struck Campbell , who had his hands behind his head , with beanbag rounds when he failed to put his hands in the air .
Campbell did not have a gun on him ; one was found later in his girlfriend 's apartment .
But the jury blamed the lack of police command and communication among officers for Campbelll 's death , and said it held the Portland Police Bureau responsible for his death .
About 30 witnesses testified .
Transcripts from the grand jury proceeding were released Thursday .
3:05 p.m. Gina Lawrence , a friend of the Campbell family , stood in Pioneer Square with a sign reading " We are the Campbell family . "
She said she thought Portland Police Officer Ron Frashour acted too swiftly in firing his AR15 rifle at Campbell 's back the night of Jan. 29th .
" I think the police officer just took matters into his own hands , " Lawrence said .
" You do n't take a person 's life for granted like that .
Once you 've taken a life , you can't give it back . "
She said police should have waited to see if other methods , such as beanbags and police dogs could have subdued Campbell .
Lawrence also commiserated with Campbell 's mother , Marva Davis .
Davis " had just lost her other son that morning from a heart condition , " she said .
" And then news cam the her other son was killed .
It just about killed her .
I do n't think I could bear it . "
--
Gina Lawrence , a friend of the Campbell family , stood in Pioneer Square with a sign reading " We are the Campbell family .
" She said she thought Portland Police Officer Ron Frashour acted too swiftly in firing his AR15 rifle at Campbell 's back the night of Jan. 29th .
" I think the police officer just took matters into his own hands , " Lawrence said .
" You do n't take a person 's life for granted like that .
Once you 've taken a life , you can't give it back .
" She said police should have waited to see if other methods , such as beanbags and police dogs could have subdued Campbell .
Lawrence also commiserated with Campbell 's mother , Marva Davis .
Davis " had just lost her other son that morning from a heart condition , " she said .
" And then news cam the her other son was killed .
It just about killed her .
I do n't think I could bear it . " -- Helen Jung and Michael Russell
To overhaul federal oversight of offshore drilling , President Obama has turned to a Washington lawyer with a reputation for fixing broken government agencies , but little or no background with energy or environmental issues .
Michael R. Bromwich , a former federal prosecutor and inspector general for the Justice Department who is now a partner in the Washington office of a New York law firm , will head up efforts to restructure the former Minerals Management Service , Obama announced yesterday .
" His charge over the next few months is to build an organization that acts as the oil industry 's watchdog -- not its partner , " Obama said during his Oval Office address last night .
Obama did not announce what Bromwich 's title will be .
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar has dissolved MMS , separated it into three parts and forced the resignation of the MMS director he had appointed , Liz Birnbaum .
But Obama said in his speech that " the pace of reform was just too slow . "
The MMS job did not require Senate confirmation , and Bromwich 's would not involve confirmation unless Congress acts to change the status of the agencies Salazar has created .
Bromwich helped prosecute Oliver North in the Iran - Contra investigation in the late 1980s .
After that , he was inspector general for DOJ during the Clinton administration .
He then went into private practice at Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson .
But his most high - profile work at the firm has been leading turnaround efforts at troubled agencies like the Houston and Washington , D.C. , police departments .
The Harvard - trained lawyer 's sparkling resume has a notable gap -- almost no energy experience .
A document distributed by Interior says Bromwich " conducted many major internal investigations for companies ... in the energy , pharmaceuticals , public accounting , and private security industries , among others , " but does not detail the energy work .
Bromwich did not return phone messages left last night .
But the Obama administration might see his lack of energy background as an asset in taking over a bureaucracy repeatedly described as having a " cozy relationship " with the oil and gas industry .
A 2008 Interior inspector general report detailing sexual relationships between MMS staffers and oil company employees has prompted many critics to chide that the agency was literally " in bed " with industry .
Such reports have buffeted the agency in recent years , and new reports released since the Deepwater Horizon exploded , sank and unleashed a torrent of oil in the Gulf of Mexico , have detailed an agency that at times viewed itself as a part of the oil industry rather than a monitor of it .
But Bromwich 's scarce experience in the field does raise eyebrows with some Interior veterans .
" It is interesting that the president would select someone who does not appear to have any natural resource or energy experience to both reform and lead this organization during a time of challenge , " said David Bernhardt , solicitor at the Interior Department during the George W. Bush administration and now a lawyer in the Washington office of Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck .
" However , he will actually find many talented and dedicated public servants within Interior who will want to help him succeed , and who are radically different from the way they are described in the talking points of politicians . "
Industry supporters might take heart that Bromwich does not appear to be any more closely tied to the environmental community than he is to industry .
" I do n't know him personally .
I have not even heard of him , " said Bill Snape , senior counsel with the Center for Biological Diversity .
" Bromwich looks solid , though he does come out of a corporate law culture himself . "
MMS , created by a secretarial order of then - Interior Secretary James Watt , has been hit for years with accusations that it is too close to industry .
Until the BP spill , most of those accusations and scandals focused on whether the agency drove a hard enough bargain with oil companies on royalties owed to the taxpayers .
" Over the last decade , " Obama said , implicitly pointing a finger at the administration of President George W. Bush , " this agency has become emblematic of a failed philosophy that views all regulation with hostility -- a philosophy that says corporations should be allowed to play by their own rules and police themselves .
" At this agency , industry insiders were put in charge of industry oversight .
Oil companies showered regulators with gifts and favors and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations , " Obama said .
Without praising or criticizing Salazar , Obama noted that Salazar quickly announced changes at MMS when he took office .
" But it 's now clear that the problem there ran much deeper , and the pace of reform was just too slow , " Obama said .
" And so Secretary Salazar and I are bringing in new leadership at the agency . "
Bob Abbey , who has run MMS since May 28 , will return to his post as director of the Bureau of Land Management , according to Interior .
D.C. background
Bromwich is not a complete stranger to politics .
He " maxed out " on political contributions to President Obama 's 2008 campaign , giving $ 4,600 , the limit under the law .
He gave $ 2,000 in 2004 to then - Democratic nominee Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) .
He also gave a boost last month to a controversial Obama administration appointee , James Cole , who is under scrutiny for his work for AIG and some of his legal views .
Bromwich had defended a federal judge who Cole prosecuted when he worked at the Justice Department .
Bromwich told the Associated Press that Cole did " a very professional job in sensitive circumstances . "
Bromwich is media savvy , having done numerous television interviews to explain high - profile cases he handled as inspector general and opine on legal issues .
In December 2009 , Washingtonian magazine listed him as one of " Washington 's top lawyers " alongside " elite criminal defenders " like Stan Brand and Richard Ben-Veniste .
Bromwich , a northwest D.C. resident , has practiced law for 29 years , according to Martindale.com , which says he has the legal service 's top " peer reviewed " rating .
Bromwich currently heads the internal investigations , compliance and monitoring practice group at Fried Frank .
According to his resume , his practice has been concentrated on conducting internal investigations for private companies and other organizations ; providing monitoring and oversight services in connection with public and private litigation and government enforcement actions ; and representing institutions and individuals in white - collar criminal and regulatory matters .
From 2002 to 2008 , Bromwich served as the independent monitor for the District of Columbia 's Metropolitan Police Department , focusing on use of force , civil rights integrity , internal misconduct and training issues .
In 2007 , Bromwich undertook a large - scale investigation of the Houston Police Department 's crime lab .
Obama called Bromwich " a tough federal prosecutor and inspector general . "
As inspector general , Bromwich was best known for investigating allegations of misconduct , defective procedures and incompetence at the FBI crime lab ; the bureau 's handling of the Aldrich Ames spy case ; and the Justice Department 's role in the CIA crack cocaine controversy .
In the Iran - Contra case , Bromwich served from 1987 through 1989 as associate counsel in the Office of Independent Counsel for Iran-Contra .
In 1989 , he was one of three prosecutors presenting the case against former Marine Corps Lt. Col. Oliver North .
He was an assistant U.S. attorney in the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York 1983 to 1987 .
Bromwich was inspector general at DOJ the same time that Wilma Lewis , assistant secretary for land and water , served as inspector general at Interior .
Though her portfolio includes MMS , Lewis has kept a low profile during the spill crisis .
Bromwich 's selection earned high marks from a lawmaker who also once served as a federal prosecutor , said Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse ( D - R.I. ) .
" As the Justice Department 's Inspector General under President Clinton , I knew Mr. Bromwich as a disciplined public servant and able lawyer who took his oversight responsibilities seriously , " Whitehouse said in a statement .
" These traits are essential as we continue to investigate the systemic shortcomings at MMS and work to ensure that the disaster in the Gulf is never repeated . "
Copyright 2010 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Though the leak may be capped this week , the Gulf oil spill will affect wildlife for years to come .
A brown pelican is seen on the beach at East Grand Terre Island along the Louisiana coast on Thursday , June 3 , 2010 .
Oil from the Deepwater Horizon has affected wildlife throughout the Gulf of Mexico .
( AP Photo / Charlie Riedel )
A brown pelican is seen on the beach at East Grand Terre Island along the Louisiana coast on Thursday , June 3 , 2010 .
Oil from the Deepwater Horizon has affected wildlife throughout the Gulf of Mexico .
( AP Photo / Charlie Riedel )
A brown pelican coated in heavy oil wallows in the surf June 4 , 2010 on East Grand Terre Island , Louisiana .
Oil from the Deepwater Horizon incident is coming ashore in large volumes across southern Louisiana coastal areas .
( Photo by Win McNamee / Getty Images )
A laughing gull coated in heavy oil wallows in the surf June 4 , 2010 on East Grand Terre Island , Louisiana .
Oil from the Deepwater Horizon incident is coming ashore in large volumes across southern Louisiana coastal areas .
( Photo by Win McNamee / Getty Images )
A brown pelican coated in heavy oil tries to take flight June 4 , 2010 on East Grand Terre Island , Louisiana .
Oil from the Deepwater Horizon incident is coming ashore in large volumes across southern Louisiana coastal areas .
( Photo by Win McNamee / Getty Images )
A brown pelican coated in heavy oil wallows in the surf June 4 , 2010 on East Grand Terre Island , Louisiana .
Oil from the Deepwater Horizon incident is coming ashore in large volumes across southern Louisiana coastal areas .
( Photo by Win McNamee / Getty Images )
A brown pelican coated in heavy oil tries to take flight June 4 , 2010 on East Grand Terre Island , Louisiana .
Oil from the Deepwater Horizon incident is coming ashore in large volumes across southern Louisiana coastal areas .
( Photo by Win McNamee / Getty Images )
A dead Northern Gannet covered in oil lies along Grand Isle Beach in Grand Isle , Louisiana May 21 , 2010 .
A month after the well blowout and rig explosion that unleashed the catastrophic spill , sheets of rust - colored heavy oil are starting to clog fragile marshlands on the fringes of the Mississippi Delta , damaging fishing grounds and wildlife .
Scientists fear parts of the huge fragmented surface slick will be sucked to the Florida Keys and Cuba by ocean currents .
REUTERS / Sean Gardner
Biologist Mandy Tumlin from the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries recovers a dead dolphin off of Grand Isle , Louisiana , on Saturday , May 29 , 2010 .
The dolphin will be taken for testing to see if its death was due to exposure to toxins from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
( Carolyn Cole / Los Angeles Times / MCT )
A dead sea turtle is seen laying on a beach as concern continues that the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico may harm animals in its path on May 5 , 2010 in Waveland , Mississippi .
It is unknown if the turtle died due to the oil spill .
Oil is still leaking out of the Deepwater Horizon wellhead at a estimated rate of 1,000 - 5,000 barrels a day .
( Photo by Joe Raedle / Getty Images )
A Plaquemines Parish employee lays oil absorbent boom as pelicans leave their nests on an island in Barataria Bay , just inside the the coast of Louisiana , Saturday , May 22 , 2010 .
The island is home to hundreds of brown pelican nests as well at terns , gulls and roseated spoonbills and is being impacted by oil from the Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
A laughing gull flies in the breeze on Raccoon Island , Louisiana May 14 , 2010 as an oil structure is seen in the background off the Louisiana coast in the Gulf of Mexico .
The tiny island , which is home to nesting gulls and birds , is unprotected by booms and reported to have had oil deposits washed up on its shore earlier this week from the BP oil spill .
REUTERS / Hans Deryk
A dead turtle lies in the surf as concern continues that the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico may harm animals in its path on May 3 , 2010 in Bay St Louis , Mississippi .
It is unknown if the turtle died due to the oil spill .
Oil is still leaking out of the Deepwater Horizon wellhead at an estimated rate of 1,000 - 5,000 barrels a day .
( Photo by Joe Raedle / Getty Images )
Danene Birtell , left , of Tri-State Bird Rescue and Research , Patrick Hogan , right , of International Bird Rescue and Research Center , and Christina Schilleci , background right , clean an oiled pelican from the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in Buras , La. , Thursday , June 3 , 2010 .
( AP Photo / Gerald Herbert )
A dead drum fish is seen laying in the surf as concern continues that the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico may harm animals in its path on May 5 , 2010 in Waveland , Mississippi .
It is unknown if the fish died due to the oil spill .
( Photo by Joe Raedle / Getty Images )
Back to blog home page
Follow us on twitter @thephotodesk
Rep. Charlie Melancon ( right ) is seizing the oil disaster in his race against Sen. David Vitter . | AP photo composite by POLITICO Dems drill campaign foes over BP
Democratic candidates in a handful of pivotal Senate races have seized on the Gulf oil disaster to go on offense against their Republican opponents , painting them as tools of BP and other firms responsible for the Deepwater Horizon disaster .
In other words : move over , Goldman Sachs .
The 2010 campaign has a new toxic corporation for candidates to bludgeon .
Advertisement
While the oil leak poses a political threat to the Obama administration , undermining President Barack Obama 's image of competence and command , other members of the president 's party have seen the Gulf leak turn to their advantage , allowing them to set up a people - versus - the - powerful narrative against Republican opponents tied in some way to big oil .
Among the loudest Democratic voices responding to the oil disaster has been Louisiana Rep. Charlie Melancon , a third - term representative from the New Orleans area who is challenging Republican Sen.
David Vitter this year .
Melancon drew wide media attention last month after he teared up during a congressional hearing on the oil spill .
This week , he appeared on ABC's " Good Morning America " to denounce BP CEO Tony Hayward and call for his removal .
" I was watching this week as the CEO of BP was talking about , he wants his life back .
I'm to the point where I wish the board would call him back and give us somebody that really wants to make sure that the people of this state , the people of this Gulf Coast region , have what they need , " Melancon said .
" If I performed the way this company 's performed — and of course , look at the stock and what 's happened to it because of this incident — usually , the buck stops there . "
Melancon 's campaign is now circulating a petition , asking the oil company to " send BP CEO Tony Hayward a pink slip . "
While the congressman has trailed Vitter in polls all year — a Rasmussen Reports survey in April gave the incumbent a 16 - point lead — the oil leak has given Melancon 's previously sleepy campaign an issue to rally around .
And Democrats blasted out a Time magazine article this week spotlighting Vitter 's support for a liability cap for oil companies like BP .
In Florida , too , where oil may next make landfall , Democratic Rep. Kendrick Meek has pointed to offshore drilling as a point of contrast between his record and those of his two opponents in the Senate race : Republican former state House Speaker Marco Rubio and Independent Gov. Charlie Crist .
While Rubio has moderated his rhetoric on drilling and Crist has effectively reversed his past support for offshore exploration , Meek 's campaign is quick to note that he 's the only major candidate in the race who 's always opposed near - shore drilling projects .
In an online petition calling for a moratorium on new wells , his camp writes : " Kendrick Meek is the only candidate who has consistently been against expanded drilling .
... Charlie Crist and Marco Rubio need to know that the people of Florida want to stop expansion of oil drilling off our coasts . "
It 's not just on the Gulf Coast where Democrats have jumped on the oil leak to go on political offense .
In Indiana , Democrats targeted former Republican Sen. Dan Coats — the GOP 's nominee for retiring Sen .
Evan Bayh 's open seat — for his lobbying firm 's connections to BP and Halliburton , and Democratic strategist James Carville penned a fundraising appeal , slamming Coats as a tool of big oil .
" Dan Coats , the Republican nominee for Senate is a lobbyist for big corporate special interests like chemical companies , oil companies , and insurance companies , " wrote Carville , who has been one of the loudest voices criticizing the response to the oil leak .
" Two companies share the responsibility for the Gulf catastrophe .
They are : BP and Halliburton — they are both clients of Dan Coats ’ law and lobbying firm , King and Spalding . "
The state party planned to release a Web video Friday highlighting Coats 's vote for the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 , which limited corporate liability in cases like the Gulf disaster , and warning : " These companies have helped pay Dan Coats ' salary for years .
In the Senate , he 'd answer to them . "
A fourth Senate race appears to have tightened noticeably since the oil disaster began unfolding , as Missouri Secretary of State Robin Carnahan has hammered Republican Rep. Roy Blunt over his track record of taking political contributions from oil interests .
Starting last month , Carnahan 's campaign lashed Blunt for being one of the top recipients of BP contributions in the House , and Carnahan spokesman Linden Zakula told POLITICO : " Time and time again , Congressman ‘ Bailout ’ Blunt puts corporate special interests ahead of Missouri families . "
A Rasmussen poll released Wednesday showed Blunt and Carnahan in a virtual tie for the open seat of retiring Republican Kit Bond .
Blunt took 45 percent of the vote to Carnahan 's 44 percent —- his worst showing in a Rasmussen survey since last September , and a seven - point slip since the pollster 's last test of the race .
There are Republicans , too , who have seen their political fortunes rise along with the oil in the Gulf of Mexico .
Republican governors on the Gulf Coast —- Louisiana 's Bobby Jindal chief among them —- have cut commanding figures at a moment of national crisis .
The independent Crist may have benefited from repeated opportunities to appear with President Obama and other administration officials responding to the disaster .
Polls have shown broad public frustration with BP over its handling of the Gulf crisis , and 70 percent of respondents in a CBS News survey released Friday said the company should be doing more to clean up the oil leak .
The White House has also drawn negative reviews from the public , and 44 percent in the CBS poll said they disapproved of the Obama administration 's response .
Just 38 percent said they approved of the government 's handling of the situation .
Save this picture !
Courtesy of Pierluigi Dessì / Confinivisivi
+ 14
Housing • Cagliari , Italy Architects : C+C04STUDIO
Year Completion year of this architecture project Year : 2005
Text description provided by the architects .
The building is located in the hinterland of Cagliari , in one of the smaller towns developed in the 60s and 70s of the twentieth century and lacking in the quality of construction and form .
From these boundary conditions , the design of new residential building comes with a strong propensity to volumetric rigor and close to context , in an attempt to create a new urban rule capable of suggesting new scenarios of order and thoroughness .
This attitude translates into an architecture characterized by strict volumes , almost entirely closed to the public roads , with small windows on the street and large openings to the courtyard facing south .
Save this picture !
Courtesy of Pierluigi Dessì / Confinivisivi
The articulation of the building is played using two materials : perforated panels of galvanized steel and cement plaster white .
The masses have to find a balance between the densification of the solid volumes and the increasing scarcity of matter , where the box opens to reveal the condominium common areas , stripped from the machinations of perforated steel panels .
While the closing of the " hard " parts construction translates into nearly private rooms facing the courtyard facing south , on the other spaces of the building open to the street and occur in the plots of paths distribution leading to the apartments and underlying garages .
The continuity and rigor stereometric wrap perforated plate is interrupted by a septum - projecting balcony , the only disturbing element in the balance between " mass " and " skin " .
Save this picture !
Courtesy of Pierluigi Dessì / Confinivisivi
The sheet metal facade has a dual function : first is the element that determines the continuity of the street alignments required by building regulations , municipal by another constitutes a deterrent to intruders , without hiding the paths of the common parts of functional ' building .
Some panels of sheet metal furniture allows entry to the building and access road to a clear sequence of ramps and stairs .
The building has three units of 60 sqm to 30 sqm and a small studio apartment .
A Republican lawmaker from a district affected by the oil spill called on Rep. Joe Barton ( R - Texas ) to step down as the ranking member of his committee .
Rep. Jeff Miller ( R - Fla . ) , whose Pensacola district is among the most affected areas in the Gulf by the oil spill , condemned Barton for apologizing to BP CEO Tony Hayward during a committee meeting on Thursday .
" I condemn Mr. Barton ’s statement .
Mr. Barton ’s remarks are out of touch with this tragedy and I feel his comments call into question his judgment and ability to serve in a leadership on the Energy and Commerce Committee , " Miller said in a statement .
" He should step down as ranking member of the Committee . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Barton apologized to Hayward during opening remarks at a hearing Thursday morning , telling Hayward that he was " ashamed " by President 's effort to force BP to create a $ 20 billion fund in escrow to pay out damages to victims of the oil spill .
“ It is a tragedy of the first proportion that a private corporation can be subjected to what I would characterize as a shakedown , in this case a $ 20 billion dollar shakedown , ” Barton said .
Miller took Barton to task .
“ I am shocked by Congressman Joe Barton ’s reprehensible comments that the government should apologize for the ‘ shakedown ’ of BP , " he said .
" BP has caused the greatest ecological and environmental disaster our nation has ever seen .
They are the responsible party and they should pay for losses and damages , not the taxpayer .
I am optimistic and hopeful that BP acted in good faith by opening the $ 20 million escrow account , as several of us have requested . "
Democrats sought to pin the 114 members of the conservative Republican Study Committee ( RSC ) to Barton 's remarks after the group 's chairman , Rep. Tom Price ( R - Ga. ) , that less stringently criticized the relief fund .
" This would be meaningful if Rep .
Miller did n't sit on the committee that sets out Republican policy and which used the exact same language as Rep.
Barton in opposing the administration 's effort to hold BP accountable to families and small businesses of the Gulf by making BP fund a $ 20 billion accountability trust , " DNC spokesman Hari Sevugan said .
Republicans have already begun to distance themselves from Barton 's remarks .
House Minority Leader John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerLongtime
House parliamentarian to step down
Five things we learned from this year 's primaries Bad blood between Pelosi , Meadows complicates coronavirus talks MORE ( R - Ohio ) said he disagreed with Barton during his weekly press conference .
" I have said since the beginning that BP ought to be held responsible for every dime of this tragedy , " said .
" And they ought to be held accountable to stop the leak and get it cleaned up as soon as possible .
” Another one of Barton 's colleagues , Rep . ( R- Texas ) , who was a top member of the subcommittee hosting Hayward today , also disavowed Barton 's remarks .
" He made it quite clear he was speaking only for himself , " he said .
An update :
Yes , what they ’re doing is cutting away parts of the riser , to make way for cutting it off for the 2nd cap .
— ——
It appears BP has just cut into the riser pipe with a robot .
Junk and oil is flowing all over the place right now .
This means they have given up on the junk shots / top kill and moved on to a very risky plan–apparently they are going to try to attach another BOP to the top .
This means that oil will flow at a much higher rate , until they are successful .
How they are going to be able to see what they ’re doing now that they ’ve cut it , or attach the new BOP ( scavenged from relief well 2 ) with all that pressure going out , no one seems to know .
Of course , this might not be what they ’re doing - but it looks that way .
The other possibility is that they are trying to attach the 2nd cap ( LMRP ) to the riser , but they would n’t have needed to stop drilling relief well 2 for that , or take it ’s BOP .
Also , the robot dropped it ’s saw .
As the Vietnam War ground on , the festivities continued at the White House , although Abell took care not to invite outspoken critics of the administration .
A bigger problem , she says , was “ the cast of thousands you would hear from who thought they should be invited . ”
When I ask her if people tried to crash , she replies , “ The regular crasher we had — Senator Strom Thurmond — was n’t really a crasher .
He just always brought somebody with him who was n’t invited .
But when he would show up with Miss Pecan Princess or the Queen of the Watermelon Festival , I ’d always find a seat for her .
I ’d roll over and play dead for Strom Thurmond .
He could cause the president a lot of problems , so I did n’t want to make him mad . ”
Somewhat surprisingly , Richard and Pat Nixon gave more state dinners than any other First Couple .
“ I believe I produced 76 , ” says their social secretary , Lucy Winchester Breathitt , who served during all five and a half years of the administration .
“ I think it ’s in The Guinness Book of World Records . ”
That includes , she adds , “ one the week before and one the week after Tricia Nixon ’s wedding , ” to Edward Cox , in the Rose Garden .
The Nixons put the white - tie back in the state dinner but removed the dancing .
They also had numerous official dinners , which were as formal as their state dinners , for everyone from the Duke and Duchess of Windsor to Duke Ellington .
“ They did white - tie dinners because foreign leaders loved to wear their medals and diplomatic honors across their tummies .
And you ca n’t do that except wearing white - tie , ” Breathitt continues .
“ The president liked German white wine , so we often served a German white wine and an American red wine .
The dining room , the way the Nixons liked to have it seated , could seat 130 if you used round tables .
If you used the E - shaped table , that was maybe 100 .
It was always a useful shape , because if there was someone the president did n’t particularly want to see , but who was high - ranking , he could be seated on the inside of one of the long arms of the E , with his back to the president , and the president would n’t have to see him . ”
At the Duke Ellington dinner , the entertainment included such jazz greats as Dave Brubeck , Gerry Mulligan , and Earl Hines , and turned into a jam session that went on until two a .m .
“ At one point I heard somebody on the piano in the Grand Hall , playing ‘ Satin Doll , ’ ” Breathitt remembers .
“ It was Vice President Agnew .
Nixon played ‘ Happy Birthday ’ to Duke Ellington on the piano and everybody sang . ”
Like most presidential couples , both Nixons reviewed the seating plan for state dinners once the social secretary had made up a preliminary chart .
According to Breathitt , “ Henry Kissinger was in on the seating , too . ”
The national - security adviser , who was then a bachelor , was clear about his preferences .
“ One day I walked upstairs to the second floor of the East Wing , ” says Breathitt , “ and coming out of the men ’s room there was Henry Kissinger with Anatoly Dobrynin , the Russian ambassador during the pits of the Cold War .
Henry grabbed me and said , ‘ Anatoly , this woman will be the death of me .
She seated me next to a 98 - year - old crone last night who had no teeth . ’
So I said , ‘ Phoo on you .
That was the foreign minister ’s wife , and you need to sit next to someone with dignity and rank . ’
He said , ‘ I know everything !
Bring out the beautiful spies who will torture all these things out of me !’
Dobrynin said , ‘ Never seat him next to beautiful women .
I cannot do a thing with him the next day when you ’ve seated him next to a beautiful woman . ’
So that became the challenge : Henry was always seated next to whoever was the prettiest on the guest list .
If we did n’t know who was the prettiest or see any likely candidate , the military social aides were told at their briefings that they were to report back on the cleavage factor , and we would then have a massive reshuffling of place cards .
It finally came to the point where [ White House chief of staff ]
Bob Haldeman told me that if I ever seated Henry next to a beautiful woman again I ’d be fired . ”
Ford and Carter
As the shadow of Watergate grew longer , the Nixons gave their last state dinner , for Romanian dictator Nicolae Ceauşescu , in December 1973 .
Nixon resigned on August 9 , 1974 , and one week later Gerald and Betty Ford not only hosted their first state dinner , for King Hussein , of Jordan , but also reinstated dancing , which was always led off by the president and First Lady and often went on way past midnight .
“ From the beginning , Jerry and I tried to make the White House a place where people could have fun and enjoy themselves , ” says Betty Ford .
“ Most of all we wanted the state dinners to express the very best about America , particularly during the bicentennial year . ”
Anthony commented yesterday on the question of atolls and sea level rise here , and I had previously written on the subject in my post “ Floating Islands “ .
However , Anthony referenced a paper which was incorrectly linked by New Scientist .
So I thought I ’d provide some more information on the actual study , entitled “ The dynamic response of reef islands to sea level rise : evidence from multi- decadal analysis of island change in the central pacific ” , by Arthur Webb and Paul Kench .
One of the ironies of the new paper involves the atoll of Amatuku in the island nation of Tuvalu .
Amatuku became the first poster child of “ drowning atolls ” due to an article in the July / August 2003 issue of Sierra Magazine , the magazine of the Sierra Club .
The article was entitled “ High Tide in Tuvalu ” , with the sub - title “ In the tropical Pacific , climate change threatens to create a real - life Atlantis . ”
Here ’s a recent photo of “ Atlantis ” :
Figure 1 . Photo taken in the South Pacific nation of Tuvalu ( 8 °S , 179°E ) , showing Amatuku Atoll and the abandoned causeway .
PHOTO SOURCE
In the Sierra Magazine article the author described the terrifying effects of “ global warming ” on Amatuku Atoll , site of the Tuvalu Maritime Training Institute :
To explain global warming in stark detail , all Tito Tapungao has to do is show a visitor around the grounds of his school .
Dressed in his sailor ’s pressed whites , the chief executive officer of the Tuvalu Maritime Training Institute points out a small brick cabin built by missionaries in 1903 .
Now , a century later , annual high tides rise halfway up the bedposts .
YIKES !
Be very afraid .
So what is the irony in the new study ?
Well , I ’ll get to that .
But first , a bit of history .
The Sierra Magazine article was what impelled me to write my 2004 paper ( Word Doc ) on Tuvalu .
I read that article , and my urban legend detector started ringing like crazy .
Consider : the missionaries ’ cabin was likely built a metre or so above high tide .
Add another half metre for the floor , and a half metre to get “ halfway up the bedposts ” … no way , I thought , that the sea level has risen two metres in Tuvalu .
Upon further investigation , I found out that the answer was already known , because geologists had studied ( pdf ) the area .
They found the changes in the shape of Amatuku Atoll were a result of changing currents from major alterations made in the reef during World War Two .
A channel was cut from the lagoon to Amatuku , and a causeway was constructed between Amatuku and nearby Malitefale Atoll .
Fill to make the causeway came from “ borrow pits ” , holes dug in the reef flats to provide coral rubble for the construction .
And some decades after the war , further borrow pits were dug to provide building materials for the Maritime Institute .
The swimmers in the Fig. 1 are swimming in one of the old borrow pits .
Here ’s an aerial view of the changes :
Figure 2 . Amatuku and Malitefale Atolls , Tuvalu , South Pacific .
Amatuku is less than a kilometre long .
As you can see , the changes in the reef structure were quite extensive .
All of these alterations in the reef changed the currents around the two atolls .
And of course , as a result , the shape of the atolls changed .
This change in shape is to be expected – after all , atolls are just piles of sand and rubble in the middle of a wild ocean .
One of the results was the erosion ( not from CO2 , not from warming , not from sea level rise , but erosion from man-made changes in the reef ) of the corner of the atoll where the missionaries ’ cabin was located .
Over the years since I published my paper , I ’ve taken a lot of heat for my claims .
I ’ve gotten plenty of irate emails from folks in Tuvalu and around the world , emails castigating me for suggesting that the rising sea levels wo n’t drown the atolls , emails impugning my ancestry , emails saying we ’d soon see thousands of “ climate refugees ” from Tuvalu , emails proposing that I perform anatomically implausible acts of sexual auto - congress , and mostly emails saying that I was clearly wrong , that it was patently obvious that rising sea levels would inevitably drown the atolls , duh , so there .
OK , enough history .
I got a pre-publication copy of the current paper under discussion from one of my secret underground ( underwater ? ) sources , my thanks to WS .
The abstract of the paper says ( emphasis mine ) :
Abstract Low - lying atoll islands are widely perceived to erode in response to measured and future sea level rise .
Using historical aerial photography and satellite images this study presents the first quantitative analysis of physical changes in 27 atoll islands in the central Pacific over a 19 to 61 year period .
This period of analysis corresponds with instrumental records that show a rate of sea level rise of 2.0 mm.y - 1 in the Pacific .
Results show that 86 % of islands remained stable ( 43 % ) or increased in area ( 43 % ) over the timeframe of analysis .
Largest decadal rates of increase in island area range between 0.1 to 5.6 hectares .
Only 14 % of study islands exhibited a net reduction in island area .
Despite small net changes in area , islands exhibited larger gross changes .
This was expressed as changes in the planform configuration and position of islands on reef platforms .
Modes of island change included : ocean shoreline displacement toward the lagoon ; lagoon shoreline progradation ; and , extension of the ends of elongate islands .
Collectively these adjustments represent net lagoonward migration of islands in 65 % of cases .
Results contradict existing paradigms of island response and have significant implications for the consideration of island stability under ongoing sea level rise in the central Pacific .
First , islands are geomorphologically persistent features on atoll reef platforms and can increase in island area despite sea level change .
Second ; islands are dynamic landforms that undergo a range of physical adjustments in responses to changing boundary conditions , of which sea level is just one factor .
Third , erosion of island shorelines must be reconsidered in the context of physical adjustments of the entire island shoreline as erosion may be balanced by progradation on other sectors of shorelines .
Results indicate that the style and magnitude of geomorphic change will vary between islands .
Therefore , Island nations must place a high priority on resolving the precise styles and rates of change that will occur over the next century and reconsider the implications for adaption .
Ahhh , vindication is sweet .
The authors agreed totally with what I had written in 2004 .
Rising sea levels do n’t destroy atolls , and their shape is always changing .
Exactly what I had taken so much heat for saying .
In addition to the Abstract , the Conclusions of the paper are quite interesting .
Here are some extracts ( emphasis mine ) :
Conclusions
The future persistence of low - lying reef islands has been the subject of considerable international concern and scientific debate .
Current rates of sea level rise are widely believed to have destabilised islands promoting widespread erosion and threatening the existence of atoll nations .
This study presents analysis of the physical change in 27 atoll islands located in the central Pacific Ocean over the past 20 to 60 years , a period over which instrumental records indicate an increase in sea level of the order of 2.0 mm y - 1 .
The results show that island area has remained largely stable or increased over the timeframe of analysis .
Forty - three percent of islands increased in area by more than 3 % with the largest increases of 30 % on Betio ( Tarawa atoll ) and 28.3 % on Funamanu ( Funafuti atoll [ the main atoll in Tuvalu – w . ] ) .
There is no evidence of large scale reduction in island area despite the upward trend in sea level .
Consequently , islands have predominantly been persistent or expanded in area on atoll rims for the past 20 to 60 years .
…
Results of this study contradict widespread perceptions that all reef islands are eroding in response to recent sea level rise .
Importantly , the results suggest that reef islands are geomorphically resilient landforms that thus far have predominantly remained static or grown in area over the last 20 – 60 years .
Given this positive trend , reef islands may not disappear from atoll rims and other coral reefs in the near - future as speculated .
However , islands will undergo continued geomorphic change .
Based on the evidence presented in this study it can be expected that the pace of geomorphic change may increase with future accelerated sea level rise .
Results do not suggest that erosion will not occur .
Indeed , as found in 15 % of the islands in this study , erosion may occur on some islands .
Rather , island erosion should be considered as one of a spectrum of geomorphic changes that have been highlighted in this study and which also include : lagoon shoreline progradation ; island migration on reef platforms ; island expansion and island extension .
The specific mode and magnitude of geomorphic change is likely to vary between islands .
Therefore , island nations must better understand the pace and diversity of island morphological change and consider the implications of island persistence and morphodynamics for future adaptation .
Could n’t say it better myself … and oh , yeah , what about the irony ?
Well , Amatuku , the poster child of disappearing atolls , the threatened “ real - life Atlantis ” , home of the disappearing missionaries ’ cabin , happened to be one of the atolls considered in the study .
The authors found that despite the loss of the missionaries ’ cabin , Amatuku increased in area by about 5 % over the nineteen year period during which it was studied … ah , the irony , it burns .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Image caption Ofek 9 is described as an advanced remote sensing satellite
Israel has launched a surveillance satellite that will be used to spy on Iran 's nuclear programme , reports say .
The satellite 's high resolution camera would significantly boost Israel 's intelligence gathering , officials told local media .
Israel 's defence ministry said the Ofek 9 was launched from Palmachim air force base on its south coast near Tel Aviv .
It is one of at least four Israeli spy satellites currently orbiting the Earth .
" This provides Israel with greater operational flexibility , since we now have another set of eyes on a target , " Chaim Eshed , the director of Israel 's military space programme , told The Jerusalem Post .
" This means that we have increased the rate we can visit a target . "
Israeli press reports said the satellite 's high resolution cameras would boost its efforts to keep a close eye on Iran .
Israel regards Iran as the principal threat to its security after repeated references by Iranian leaders to Israel 's demise .
Along with the West , it suspects Iran of trying to develop nuclear weapons under the guise of a civilian nuclear programme , a claim Tehran denies .
Israel 's last spy satellite , TecSar , was launched from India in 2008 .
Besides spy satellites , Israel also has a number of communications satellites in orbit .
What is Finance Watch ?
Making finance
serve society
To face collective challenges such as climate change and rising inequalities , we need the positive power of finance to be put at our service .
This is what Finance Watch is all about .
BOGOTA , Colombia —
When Colombian rebels interrogated three U.S. hostages in 2003 , an attractive European woman , with hip - hugging camouflage fatigues and an exposed belly - button , did the translating .
At first , she seemed like " a wannabe revolutionary " wrote former hostage Marc Gonsalves in a book published last year .
But Tanja Nijmeijer , a Dutch language teacher and the only European known to have joined Colombia ’s largest guerrilla army , could have a cold - blooded side .
When Gonsalves asked her what the rebels would do to the American prisoners in the event of a rescue attempt , Nijmeijer said : “ We kill everybody . ”
Nijmeijer ’s membership in the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , first became public three years ago when her diaries were discovered in the jungle .
Now , a book and a documentary released last month in the Netherlands have fleshed out Nijmeijer ’s perplexing story and the heartbreaking efforts of her parents to bring her home .
“ How is it that a girl from northern Europe opts to pursue social justice by taking up arms with one of the most cruel guerrilla movements in the world ? ” said Liduine Zumpolle , who works with demobilized guerrillas in Colombia and is co-author of the book " Tanja : a Dutch Woman in the FARC . "
Nijmeijer is n’t the first foreigner to be seduced by dreams of revolution .
Starting in the 1960s , a steady trickle of leftists traveled to Latin America to join guerrilla groups .
But most of these militias disarmed or were defeated and some of their foreign collaborators were killed or ended up behind bars .
Last month , a judge in Lima granted parole to New Yorker Lori Berenson , who spent 14 years in prison for collaborating with Peruvian rebels .
However , very few outsiders joined the FARC , which is widely despised in Colombia due to the group ’s involvement in drug trafficking and massive human rights abuses — like kidnapping thousands of civilians for ransom .
Nijmeijer , now 32 , is one of the few exceptions .
She grew - up in a small Dutch town in a middle - class family .
As a university student , she squatted in abandoned houses and hung out with campus radicals .
She became intrigued with Mexico ’s Zapatista rebels and was briefly jailed for protesting against paramilitary massacres in Colombia .
In 1999 , she traveled to Colombia where she taught English , learned Spanish , and was appalled by the country ’s yawning gaps between rich and poor .
" When you see , for the first time , so much poverty it 's inevitable that you ask : ' What can I do to help these people , ' " Tanja 's mother , Hannie Nijmeijer , said in an interview with the Colombian news magazine Semana .
" But I do n't know why she ended up " joining the guerrillas .
Gradually , Nijmeijer became convinced that the FARC ’s cause was just .
In 2002 , she joined the rebel group ’s urban militias in Bogota where , according to army intelligence reports , Nijmeijer was involved in the bombings of public buses and a police station .
“ She also speaks English , German and some French , so this has been useful for translating messages for commanders , ” said Edwin Koopman , a Dutch journalist who has written about Nijmeijer .
Itching to get more involved in the war , Nijmeijer joined a FARC unit in the southern Colombian jungle in 2003 .
But by then the rebels were being hammered by an army offensive that would eventually lead to mass desertions and reduce the size of the FARC from 18,000 to about 8,000 .
“ She had great expectations that the FARC would seize power , ” Zumpolle said .
“ But right when she joined , the guerrillas suffered some of their worst defeats . ”
Nijmeijer , who chose the nom de guerre “ Alexandra , ” quickly grew disillusioned .
She was rarely called upon for important missions and spent most of her time training , marching and standing guard .
In her diaries , which were found by army troops at an abandoned rebel camp following a June 2007 attack , she speaks of boredom , sexual promiscuity among the guerrillas and the cynicism and selfishness of her macho FARC commanders .
“ How will it be when we take power ? ” she wrote in one entry .
“ With the wives of the commanders in Ferraris with breast implants , eating caviar ? ”
In another passage she wrote : “ This might be worth it if one knew what we ’re fighting for .
But the truth is , I no longer believe in this . ”
She also wonders if she ’ll ever make it out of the jungle alive , noting : “ One is more or less like a prisoner here . ”
Indeed , joining the FARC is a life sentence .
Desertion is punishable by death .
But Nijmeijer became so homesick that the rebels allowed her mother to visit her at a rebel encampment in July 2005 .
In a home video made by her mother , Nijmeijer wears camouflage fatigues , a field hat and lipstick .
She smiles and offer greetings to her father and two sisters and insists everything is fine .
Zumpolle claims that rebel commanders were furious about Nijmeijer ’s unflattering portrayal of the FARC and that some called for her execution .
“ I keep bouncing back between two thoughts , ” Hannie Nijmeijer says in " Closer to Tanja , " a documentary by Dutch filmmaker Leo de Boer .
“ Either she ’s alive or she ’s not alive . ”
According to Zumpolle , Nijmeijer was punished with hard labor , like digging trenches , but eventually worked her way back into the FARC ’s good graces and is now part of the inner circle of Jorge Briceno , a top FARC commander known as Mono Jojoy .
Colombian authorities , meanwhile , claim that Nijmeijer participated in several fatal bombings in Bogota in 2002 and 2003 .
Earlier this year , Zumpolle and de Boer traveled with Hannie Nijmeijer to southern Colombia where , over armed forces radio , she urged her daughter to desert .
Back in her home country , Koopman said , the Dutch guerrilla is widely viewed as naive .
“ The general opinion is that she was stupid to go there and put herself in a situation she ca n’t get out of , ” he said .
This post has been corrected .
The Louisiana Family Forum , a conservative evangelical organization connected to Focus on the Family and the Family Research Council , has an interesting tidbit in its newsletter this week .
As the out - of - control BP Deepwater Horizon continues to spew millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal participated in a prayer vigil at the conclusion of a House session at the state Capitol .
While politicians and pastors were praying for environmental solutions to the crisis , they read from 2 Chronicles 20:12 , which says , “ Neither know we what to do : but our eyes are upon Thee . ”
Which is interesting , because even as Jindal is praying that he does n’t know what the heck he ’s doing , he ’s spurning the guidance of the experts .
Jindal has been embarking on a plan to build a series of coastal barriers to keep the oil out of marshes surrounding Barataria Bay .
However , he refuses to take guidance from environmental science experts , who fear the $ 360 million barrier project would be ineffective and could even possibly make the situation worse .
Of course , this is a typical response from Jindal , a creationist who is notoriously anti-science .
Here is a link to the Family Forum article .
If you scroll down to photo under “ Let Us Pray ! ” you ’ll see the laying on of hands on Gov. Jindal during the vigil .
Hat tip to Barbara Forrest .
Correction :
This post originally stated that Gov. Jindal is a young earth creationist .
It has been corrected to state that he is a creationist .
Ten new possible species could change everything about the way we think about deep - sea life in the Atlantic Ocean .
Most of the creatures are so strange , it is hard to know which direction they swim or where their mouths are .
The images were captured by researchers from the University of Aberdeen during more than 300 hours of diving with a remotely operated vehicle between 2,300 feet and 12,000 feet deep along the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , the largest mountain range on Earth , which runs down the center of the Atlantic Ocean between Europe and Africa on the east and the Americas on the west .
Three of the species , which look like colorful wavy worms , belong to a group of creatures called Enteropneust , which is believed to be the evolutionary link between backbone and invertebrate animals .
Previously only a few specimens of the group , from the Pacific Ocean , were known to science .
“ They have no eyes , no obvious sense organs or brain but there is a head end , tail end and the primitive body plan of backboned animals is established , ” said Monty Priede , one of the lead researchers on the project , part of the Census of Marine Life .
One of the most surprising observations by the researchers was how different the species are on either side of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , just tens of miles apart .
“ [ The two sides of the ridge are ] mirror images of each other , ” Priede said .
“ but that is where the similarity ended . ”
“ It seemed like we were in a scene from Alice Through the Looking Glass , ” Pried said .
“ This expedition has revolutionized our thinking about deep - sea life in the Atlantic Ocean .
It shows that we cannot just study what lives around the edges of the ocean and ignore the vast array of animals living on the slopes and valleys in the middle of the ocean . ”
Captions courtesy University of Aberdeen
Above :
Deepsea Jellyfish
Trachymedusa : Feeds on plankton and small crustacea near the sea floor .
Image : David Shale
Acorn Worm
Enteropneust worm from the North Atlantic Ocean ; southern purple variety : Feeds on sea - floor sediment , leaving behind variable wavy traces .
Image : David Shale
Sea Cucumber
Holothurian ; Peniagone diaphana : Feeds on the sea floor , but is capable of swimming and is found on hills and valleys of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge .
Image : David Shale
Scale Worm
Polynoid polychaete .
Image : David Shale
Acorn Worm
Enteropneust worm from the North Atlantic Ocean ; northern pink variety : Feeds on sea - floor sediment leaving behind characteristic spiral traces .
Image : David Shale
Sea Cucumber
Holothurian ; Amperima family : Feeds on the sea floor but is capable of swimming and is found on hills and valleys of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge
Image : David Shale
Comb Jelly
Bathypelagic ctenophore : Found close to the sea floor on the Mid-Atlantic ridge
Image : David Shale
Acorn Worm
Enteropneust worm from the North Atlantic Ocean ; southern white variety : Feeds on sea floor sediment and has been observed swimming .
Image : David Shale
Sea Cucumber
Holothurian ; Peniagone porcella : Feeds on the sea floor but is capable of swimming and is found on hills and valleys of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge
Image : David Shale
Basket Star
Gorgonocephalus .
A specialised starfish that captures plankton ( krill ) on its intricate arms .
Image : David Shale
See Also :
( CNN ) -- Philadelphia is one of the few American cities whose history is a fully integrated part of the urban landscape .
Cars still roll along the city 's cobblestone streets , people live in homes dating back to the 18th century and bars Ben Franklin frequented are popular today .
Philadelphians do n't neglect their history , and rarely do they cordon it off .
But apart from the tourist destinations that are synonymous with the place , such as the Liberty Bell , the art museum steps ( you know , from " Rocky " fame ) or Pat 's and Geno 's famous Philly cheesesteak shops , there is an often overlooked aspect of Philadelphia : its cultural depth .
So for the curious admirer , here 's a list of some other interesting Philly destinations :
Morris Arboretum of the University of Pennsylvania
There are few places so close to urban centers -- the Arboretum lies on the northwest , and most rural , edge of Philadelphia -- that allow you to experience such natural diversity .
More than 2,500 types of plants strew the grounds .
You can be strolling through an English rose garden and the next moment find yourself standing in front of world - renowned artist Patrick Dougherty 's " Summer Palace , " an art installation created by weaving sticks and saplings together .
In the summer , a miniature garden railway is erected , an always - popular amusement for children who get to experience the delights of a massive train set .
And from summer concerts to a rotation of special exhibits , there 's always something new taking place .
Northern Liberties
This once - floundering neighborhood has seen a rebirth in recent years .
Frequently overlooked by outsiders because of its dubious past , it lies just a stone 's throw away from the more friendly Old City neighborhood that houses the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall .
Home to some of the city 's hippest restaurants , bars and clubs , Northern Liberties is fast becoming a top destination for artists and other hipster types .
The Piazza at Shmidt's is a new favorite , a Philly take on the famous Italian communal ground , but do n't overlook some of the older mainstays such as Ortlieb 's Jazzhaus .
Walk a Crooked Mile Books
Perhaps it 's the fortress of books that surrounds the entryway and patio , or the scattered $ 2 literature that welcomes you as you enter , but there 's something unparalleled about this used bookstore in the Mount Airy section of Philadelphia .
Just north of the main commercial strip of the neighborhood , proprietor Greg Williams converted a portion of this 1882 train station from the apartment building it had become into a bookstore 15 years ago .
" We think of ourselves as a cultural reservoir .
We have books even the library would n't have , " says Williams .
I came across early 20th - century originals and reprints among the dusty shelves and rickety wooden floors .
And alas , if for some reason you do n't find anything that you fancy , you can be comforted by the complementary coffee they serve .
Sarcone's
The layers of delightfully flavorful deli meat would be cause enough for celebration if this hoagie ( Philadelphia term for the sub sandwich ) was n't all about the roll .
With a crusty exterior that slowly gives way to a soft center , it comes plain or with sesame seeds .
It 's certainly a far cry from that mushy bread found at your local sandwich chain store .
In a city where the hoagie is part religion , this is widely considered among the best .
Sitting at the top of the Italian Market , Sarcone 's is a perfect stop after a stroll through one of the city 's famous landmarks .
Philadelphia Mural Arts program
There are more than 2,800 public art murals in the city of Philadelphia .
Peppered throughout the city and painted by burgeoning and established artists , you can take tours by trolley , bus , bike and foot .
Ryan Derfler , the tour manager of the program , suggests the trolley as an introduction .
" It allows you to really get into the neighborhoods .
You 're not stuck in Center City .
Philadelphia is a very neighborhood - centric city .
[ The trolley ride ] allows you to see enough art that you see how the murals really reflect each neighborhood and the city . "
Rodin Museum
Auguste Rodin is considered one of the greatest sculptors to have ever lived .
I mean , have you seen " The Thinker " ?
This gem of a museum , which sits in the shadow of the Philadelphia Art Museum , opened in 1929 and is one of the legacies of movie theater magnate Jules Mastbaum , whom in the early 20th century had accumulated the largest Rodin collection outside of Paris .
Luckily , he decided to share it with his fellow Philadelphians .
And for just a $ 5 donation , it 's one of the better cultural deals in town .
Earlier this week , the U.S. Navy announced that four of their “ REMUS 100 ” unmanned underwater vehicles sailed off - radar and stopped responding to commands .
The ‘ bots were part of a fleet of thirteen drones being used in a training exercise to locate mine - like objects on the ocean floor off the coast of Virginia .
After days of searching for the runaway bots using manned boats and aircrafts , the U.S. Navy has yet to find anything .
So now , they 've called in the real underwater experts : dolphins and sea lions , trained to detect mines .
Unmanned Underwater vehicles ( UUVs ) started growing in popularity in the mid 1990 ’s , and now that the technology is more advanced they are finding work in everything from basic science research to military surveillance .
For the past 10 years , the REMUS 100 has been one of the most reliable UUVs on the market , making it an easy choice for the Navy to use in shallow water mine counter measure operations .
The idea is to have these vehicles replace mammals in surveillance and mine - detection tasks .
The bots have the advantage of being able to carry more equipment , like advanced cameras and side - scan sonar , and they also prevent the potential loss of life .
The mammals ' advantage ?
Well , they have brains and bodies that are way more adaptable than software and hardware .
Clearly , the bots did n't follow orders as expected .
That 's why the Navy is sending a bunch of dolphins and sea lions to find the drones that were supposed to replace them .
Given the REMUS 100's history of reliability , the recent disappearance comes as somewhat of a surprise .
Did the bots malfunction , or did something go wrong in the control room ?
The Navy is still investigating what caused the disappearance , but they say " fear not " to all seafarers and fisherman out there .
Fortunately , the torpedo - shaped REMUS 100 bots are relatively harmless , measuring only 7.5 inches in diameter and carrying no weaponry .
Still , let ’s hope the Navy can keep tabs on their bots in the future .
– Zach Gottlieb
Photo : via Wikimedia
Saudi Arabia would not allow Israeli bombers to pass through its airspace en route to a possible strike of Iran 's nuclear facilities , a member of the Saudi royal family said Saturday , denying an earlier Times of London report .
Earlier Saturday , the Times reported that Saudi Arabia has practiced standing down its anti-aircraft systems to allow Israeli warplanes passage on their way to attack Iran 's nuclear installations , adding that the Saudis have allocated a narrow corridor of airspace in the north of the country .
Open gallery view Satellite image of the Iranian nuclear reactor at Bushehr , January 3 , 2002 Credit : Getty
Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf , the Saudi envoy to the U.K. speaking to the London - based Arab daily Asharq al - Awsat , denied that report , saying such a move " would be against the policy adopted and followed by the Kingdom . "
According to Asharq al - Awsat report , bin Nawaf reiterated the Saudi Arabia 's rejection of any violation of its territories or airspace , adding that it would be " illogical to allow the Israeli occupying force , with whom Saudi Arabia has no relations whatsoever , to use its land and airspace . "
Earlier , the Times quoted an unnamed U.S. defense source as saying that " the Saudis have given their permission for the Israelis to pass over and they will look the other way .
" They have already done tests to make sure their own jets arent scrambled and no one gets shot down .
This has all been done with the agreement of the [ U.S. ] State Department . "
Once the Israelis had passed , the kingdoms air defenses would return to full alert , the Times said .
Despite tensions between them , Israel and Saudi Arabia share a mutual hostility to Iran .
" We all know this .
We will let them [ the Israelis ] through and see nothing , the Times quoted a Saudi government source as saying .
According to the report , the four main targets for an Israeli raid on Iran would be uranium enrichment facilities at Natanz and Qom , a gas storage development at Isfahan and a heavy - water reactor at Arak .
Secondary targets may include a Russian - built light water reactor at Bushehr , which could produce weapons - grade plutonium when complete .
Even with midair refueling , the targets would be as the far edge of Israeli bombers ' range at a distance of some 2,250 km .
An attack would likely involve several waves of aircraft , possibly crossing Jordan , northern Saudi Arabia and Iraq .
Aircraft attacking Bushehr , on the Gulf coast , could swing beneath Kuwait to strike from the southwest , the Times said .
Passing over Iraq would require at least tacit consent to the raid from the United States , whose troops are occupying the country .
So far , the Obama Administration has refused this .
On Wednesday the United Nations passed a fourth round of sanctions against Iran in an attempt to force it to stop enriching uranium .
But immediately after the UN vote , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad vowed the nuclear program would continue .
Israel hailed the vote – but said sanctions were not enough and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has refused to rule out a raid .
Netanyahu 's predecessor , Ehud Olmert , is believed to have held secret meetings with high - ranking Saudi officials over Iran .
Sometimes , Google 's search engine does a better job of telling us about IT vendors than the vendors ' own public relations and marketing machines , which are often there mostly to deflect questions rather than answer them .
So it is with the next commercial and development iterations of Oracle 's Solaris Unix operating system .
The crawling fingers of Google have found a Sun presentation given sometime this year ( there is no date on the document , but it looks to be post - acquisition in late January ) .
The short Solaris roadmap document , which you can see here , was created by Harry Foxwell , a consultant in Oracle 's Public Sector unit , on March 18 and is currently sitting on a server at the University of Delaware 's Electrical and Computer Engineering department .
( Well , probably not for long ) .
In that document , Foxwell reiterates what Oracle 's top brass was saying back at the end of January , which is the last time any official communications came out of Oracle regarding either Solaris , the hardened , commercial - grade Unix , or OpenSolaris , the development version of the platform not really intended for data center production .
Back then , a day after Oracle closed its $ 7.4bn acquisition of Sun , Larry Ellison , Oracle 's co-founder and chief executive officer , heaped praise on Solaris while still talking up Linux , but no one said anything about plans for Solaris 11 ( which was due around the middle of 2010 , according to Sun 's plan from 2009 ) or for OpenSolaris .
This freaked out Solaris shops enough that Dan Roberts , a director of product management at Oracle who is responsible for OpenSolaris and Solaris as he was for a few years at Sun , had to reassure the Solaris community that Oracle was not going to kill off the open source project underpinning Solaris .
At the time , Roberts said the next release would be OpenSolaris 2010.03 , which was originally due in February but which apparently came out in March ( the draft of the release notes can be found here , but the current release notes page on OpenSolaris says that 2009.06 is the current release .
No one from OpenSolaris or Oracle contacted El Reg to say that OpenSolaris 2010.03 had been released .
If the software really is available , this is not exactly smart PR .
It looks like OpenSolaris 2010.03 might have been announced on May 12 if you look at the " Project Indiana " download files , though it is still called the March 2010 update .
Then again , Oracle was moving Sun 's stuff onto its data centers from April through June , and this might reflect when the OpenSolaris files moved .
Anyway , according to the presentation put together by Foxwell , the next OpenSolaris release was supposed to come out in the first half of calendar 2010 and the name had not yet been decided .
The update was to be based on build 134 of OpenSolaris and to include enhancements to the installer and packaging of programs as well as for networking and virtualization ( the integrated Xen hypervisor , now supporting the Open Virtualization Format for virtual machine images ) .
BordeauxTechnology Group , which has created a commercialized version of the WINE runtime for Windows applications on non-Windows platforms , had ported its Bordeaux 2.0.2 to OpenSolaris for the 2009.06 release and was prepping for the 2010.03 release .
Ditto for the Fluendo DVD player , which is being brought over to the open source Unix variant 's 2010.03 release .
Sun is apparently porting Intel 's LatencyTop system latency measuring tool to OpenSolaris and is working on a tickless kernel too , like Linux already has .
Tickless kernels reduce system latency on jobs that are more real - time in nature .
The next OpenSolaris release was only going to be available as a download , not as a CD distro , according to Foxwell 's presentation – presumably in an effort to cut costs .
Now that we have cleared up the OpenSolaris situation – well , not really – that begs the next question :
What ever happened to Solaris 11 ?
In April 2009 , when Solaris 10 5/09 was launched , the expectation was to get a new rev of Solaris – called alternatively Solaris Next or Solaris 11 depending on who you were talking to – out the door in the middle of 2010 .
Well , April 2009 was a long , long time ago .
And two Solaris 10 updates ago too : 5/09 and 10/09 .
And a lot has changed at Sun since it has been absorbed into Oracle .
When Foxwell put together his presentation , he was telling people that the next update of Solaris 10 , which he called Update 9 , would come out in calendar year 2010 and that the update would focus on " new platform support , " meaning new Intel chips presumably , as well as integration and optimization of Oracle products .
Solaris 10 Update 9 would also have performance improvements in the networking and storage stacks and have tweaks for reliability as relating to mission - critical workloads .
And perhaps it is also telling that in an article posted on the Oracle website and extracted from the July / August 2010 issue of Oracle Magazine , that Ed Screven , who bears the title of chief corporate architect , never once mentioned Solaris or OpenSolaris .
None of Oracle 's actions ( or inaction ) could be construed as being proactive about telling the 50,000 - strong Solaris customer base – from which Oracle is trying to extract $ 2bn in profits – what is going on with the platform . ®
As if mimicking the great blue heron , the stalwart sentinel froze at attention .
Only the eyes moved .
Searching the edge of the solitary bright spot on the otherwise silt covered bottom , he waited for his quarry to reveal itself .
The Polaroid glasses helped , but the sun 's glare on the surface of the water played tricks with the bass angler 's mind and vision .
" Is that a fish or a dark spot ?
Maybe it 's just a small log . "
Slowly the fisherman moved his right hand up beside the glasses to shield out the sunlight and fixed his stare on the dim object 's outline .
Now , without question he could tell it was a largemouth bass , circling at the edge of the spawning bed .
A guardian male bass protecting the tiny bass fry from marauding bluegill .
" Wonder if Mama bass is still around ?
Maybe just out of sight in the bulrush and cattails .
Well , let 's try to get the male to bite . "
Aiming a short flip cast beyond the bed , the angler eased the single - hook - rigged plastic worm back toward the spot and allowed the lure to settle in the middle of the circular light spot on the bottom .
As expected , the male bass came to rebuff the intruder and plucked it up , carrying it away .
Not to eat the bait , but more a protective instinct .
Had it been following normal bass behavior to kill and eat the bait , the bass would have taken the lure by the head .
But to get this pest out of the bed , the fish grabbed the center of the plastic worm and swam off .
From such experience , the spawning bed fisherman knows to rig the hook more to the midsection of the worm .
Quick reaction to set the hook , before the bass drops the lure , and the fish is speedily reeled to the boat .
A 2 1/2 - pound largemouth , a male , showing all the wear and tear of a bloody tail in keeping with sweeping out the sandy bottom to build the nest .
But it 's a far cry from the trophy - size largemouth the spawning season offers .
The smaller male bass is dropped in the livewell to be released later at the spot .
For now , a short piece of mono with a sinker weight and a small piece of floating Styrofoam is placed to mark the bed 's location .
Given time , the environment in the shallow water will settle down and the bass fisherman will sneak back to the area .
For the bed fisherman , now it 's a case of being a hunter , silently stalking his prey , watching and waiting for the kill .
This is the springtime pattern that will begin to play out in the South , and elsewhere , when the doldrums and inactivity of winter pass and the water temperatures climb to the 65 - and 68 - degree range .
Nature responds , and the redbuds and dogwoods in bloom signal that largemouth bass are on the move toward the shallows and spawning action .
This , also , spawns debate and serious controversy about the sportsmanship of jerking huge bass off the spawning beds and its impact on the bass fishery .
In Southern states , fishery biologists have not detected a negative effect on fish populations where bed fishing is practiced .
Only a tiny fraction of bass fry grow to maturity in ideal situations , and forage and water quality are limiting factors , not fishing pressure .
States with shorter growing seasons do close the season for bass in spring , although some permit catch - and - release fishing during the spawn , and others limit the creel to one or two bass .
For more than 40 years , BASS has held tournaments during spawning season , especially in Florida , where bed fishing is an art form .
However , with a few notable exceptions , these contests were not determined by " sight fishing , " but by blind casting to spots the anglers believe bass should be hanging out .
So the question should be how to approach the " best fishing time " when more bass are found in the shallows and more of the fishermen can catch them .
Tournament groups and bass clubs might reduce their creel limits to smaller numbers , or conduct only single big - bass contests during the spawning season .
Whether you 're in a tournament or not , sportsmanship should be the rule of law .
During a time in the 1970s , the trophy black bass in certain Florida areas , such as Big Lake George on the St. Johns River , came under serious siege .
Catching a 10 - pound trophy became a matter of willingness to pay the price .
At $ 100 a pound , such a prized wall mount went for $ 1,000 a head .
Step ladders in fishing boats became the fad , and bed fishermen could more easily spot their targets .
Rather than tossing an artificial lure into the spawning beds under a big largemouth 's nose , live bait  a big bull shiner  was the weapon , proving to be more like shooting fish in a barrel .
Thankfully , live bait is not an option in tournament fishing , but several tournament pros have reached the skill level of sight fishing that they do n't need it .
And , they have a high level of patience  the quality to study a big bass ' behavior and to know when the fish is hot and will take a lure .
Big bass trophy guides in Florida , traditionally , like to book their clients around the full moon of February .
Outside the central Florida area , the prime time spawning most likely happens around the March full moon .
The pattern will follow the water temperature 's rise in waters in other areas into April and farther north .
When searching for spawners and the location of beds in the early season , the general rule is to comb the shallows in the northernmost coves or reservoirs .
These areas are the most protected during the cold winter blasts , and the first to warm up as south winds and sunshine push warmer surface waters in the area .
When you do spot the telltale white spot on the bottom , slow down and search the area , looking to actually observe a bass on or near the beds .
The bow - mounted electric trolling motor is used to work the area on a low speed setting , but a better approach used by the Florida big bass trophy guides is a push pole to urge the boat forward .
With the push pole , the boat 's drift can be abruptly halted in place upon spotting a fish on a bed .
Then , quietly drop a 10 - pound mushroom anchor to hold the position and observe the bass .
Working with the sun position and glare to the angler 's back is a must for the best visibility .
Veteran bed fishermen swear wearing dark or camo clothing is an advantage .
Above all , shy away from white hats and shirts .
Also , keeping a lower profile in the boat and using a sidearm flip cast or roll cast action will reveal less movement to the bass .
From here on out , it 's a case of hunker down and do your best to fool the largemouth into thinking some critter has invaded its space .
In reality , bed fishing for spawners is in no way associated with shooting fish in a tub .
A big bass , if he even takes the lure , is n't striking the bait .
Often he 's just holding it in his lips , and it is most difficult to hook it .
The use of more compact tube jigs or the soft plastic crawfish is , perhaps , the better spawning rig than the standard Texas rigged worm .
In Florida , black is a favored spawning lure color , maybe associated with a big leech .
But , at times , a more visible color , such as white or bubblegum , will aid the angler in working the bait and seeing the strike .
As discussed , the " strike " is a misnomer , usually .
Unless the big bass is goaded into an anger response and grabs the lure to crush it , getting a hook in its jaw is a game of hit - and - miss .
This brings the element of suspense into bed fishing for the angler , much like a trophy deer hunter squeezing the trigger on a big buck .
A well - placed shot will bag the trophy as surely as a timely hook set will net the big bass .
Words can't describe the sensation flooding over a bed fisherman when he does see a 10 - pound largemouth trophy bass , clearly outlined over the bright spot on the lake bottom .
Surely , the moment compares to a deer hunter watching a Boone and Crockett record - book rack emerge from the shadows and into gun range .
There 's buck fever for bass anglers , too .
Tips For Spawners in Muddy Waters
As a rule , prespawn largemouth are  predictably  unpredictable .
That is , you can always count on bass behavior in the springtime , but you can't count on conditions for sight fishing .
Even if the water temperature reads in the high 60s , the wild card in the deal is the joker : muddy water .
Still , spawning bass can be targeted and triggered to bite .
Here 's where a special short - arm spinnerbait with a gold plated blade with a ball bearing can be effective in shallow , muddy water .
The bass , in the off - color water , may be no deeper than 18 inches to 2 feet .
Use a 1/4 - ounce spinnerbait , and slow roll it on the retrieve .
Stop the retrieve when it nears a bush or suspected bed location , and the short - arm blade will " helicopter " down in a way bass can't resist .
In muddy water , you might not see bass beds , but you can look for signs of a bedding bass .
Early in the morning , when conditions are calm , watch for a " swirling motion " on the surface that indicates a largemouth is fanning the bottom .
Repeated casts of the spinnerbait to the sides of the spot may trip the bass ' trigger to attack the intruder , but often a largemouth will simply butt the lure .
Thus , a trailer hook is a bit of insurance to add .
Or even a treble hook can be used as a trailer hook , if the cover permits .
Another advantage of throwing a spinnerbait over dragging a plastic worm is being able to cover more water .
In a day 's fishing , that 's putting the lure in front of , perhaps , a few more fish .
What makes a boss great ?
It ’s a question I ’ve been researching for a while now .
In June 2009 , I offered some analysis in HBR on the subject , and more recently I ’ve been hard at work on a book called Good Boss , Bad Boss ( published in September by Business Plus ) .
In both cases , my approach has been to be as evidence - based as possible .
That is , I avoid giving any advice that is n’t rooted in real proof of efficacy ; I want to pass along the techniques and behaviors that are grounded in sound research .
It seems to me that , by adopting the habits of good bosses and shunning the sins of bad bosses , anyone can do a better job overseeing the work of others .
At the same time , I ’ve come to conclude that all the technique and behavior coaching in the world wo n’t make a boss great if that boss does n’t also have a certain mindset .
My readings of peer - reviewed studies , plus my more idiosyncratic experience studying and consulting to managers in many settings , have led me identify some key beliefs that are held by the best bosses — and rejected , or more often simply never even thought about , by the worst bosses .
Here they are , presented as a neat dozen :
What do you say : does that about cover it ?
If not , tell me what I missed .
Or if you ’re not quite sure what I mean in these brief statements , stay tuned .
Over the coming weeks , I ’ll be digging into each one of them in more depth , touching on the research evidence and illustrating with examples .
If you ’re like most people I meet , you ’ve had your share of bad bosses — and probably at least one good one .
What were the attitudes the good one held ?
And what great , workplace - transforming beliefs could your worst boss never quite embrace ?
Robert Sutton is Professor of Management Science and Engineering at Stanford University .
He studies and writes about management , innovation , and the nitty - gritty of organizational life .
His new book is Good Boss , Bad Boss .
I received a wide range of gifts ranging from food , to books , decorations , and even something for my dog !
Food : Alaska Wild Berry Chocolate Alaska Wild Teas Ligonberry Jam , Fireweed jelly ( never heard of fireweed , can't wait to try this )
Smoked salmon tenders Spice rub ( not pictured )
Books : Alaska cookbook Star Trek : Destiny trilogy
Fun stuff : Decorative cards 2 shot glasses from the Tipsy Moose Saloon ( bummer that one broke during shipment ) 1 chinese take - out box shaped tea - light holder 1 red striped polo shirt , red is my favorite color !
Dog biscuits for my cocker spaniel .
Thank you so much to my Arbiter !
I hope you get stuff as awesome and as interesting as the stuff you sent me !
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
WordPress themes are not just design templates , they contain PHP code and must be validated before use .
Not only because of bugs , but some may contain malicious code in there .
Specially if you download from random web sites and not from WordPress.org ( not saying that every theme at WordPress.org is safe ) .
One example popped this week , regarding the themes from http://hirewordpressexperts.com/.
They added some hidden code inside their themes to track which sites are using them ( and track the users as well ) .
However , their tracking server went offline and every site using it got this error on the sidebar :
Warning : file_get_contents (
http://24365online.com/_YTG_yu/_dl/get_info.php?host=site&referer;=&visitor;_ip=ip)
Can you see what they are doing ?
For every request they send to 24365 online.com the site name AND the visitor ’s IP address .
Want to see how many sites have this embeded ?
Search on Google for http://24365online.com/.
Now restrict for the last 24 hours and you will see more than 9 thousand sites with this error .
Can you imagine if their tracking server gets hacked ?
They could automatically load malware to all those sites .
But the worse is how they are hiding this code :
Surprisingly “ this ” string was found from image file wp.gif .
Soon I discovered that functions .
php file tried to include wp.gif file into source code .
Wp.gif file was adding additional code into get_footer function .
Some discussion here as well about them : http://mu.wordpress.org/forums/topic/15407
My recommendation is to do not use any theme from hirewordpressexperts.com and always double check any theme you decide to use .
If your site is hacked ( or with malware ) and you need help , send us an email at contact@sucuri.net or visit our site : http://sucuri.net.
We can get your sites clean up right away .
Also , consider checking out our site security monitoring .
We will monitor your sites 24×7 and alert you if it ever gets infected with malware , hacked or blacklisted .
Say hello to Popdose ’s latest column , in which I ’ll be sitting down with …okay , fine , getting on the phone with …some of the all - too - unheralded men and women who work behind the microphone to give voice to some of your favorite animated characters and , yes , maybe even to a few of your kids ’ favorites , too .
I ’d had the idea for this column some time ago , but I just had n’t gotten around to putting it into action .
The impetus to finally get off my arse and kick it off … ?
An E - mail from a publicist , casually asking me if I had any interest in chatting with his client , Tom Kenny .
Tom Kenny and I first crossed paths in early 2009 , when he was in the midst of the promotional blitz for Fox ’s then - new ( if ultimately short - lived ) animated series , “ Sit Down , Shut Up . ” I impressed him at the time by referring to him as the Hal Blaine of voice actors , since he ’s a utility player who can always be counted on to give exactly what ’s asked of him , and he impressed my daughter by providing her with a message on my recorder as Spongebob Squarepants , which she still cherishes to this day .
Mr. Kenny had just finished another call when I rang in to chat with him for “ You ’re the Voice , ” and to my amazement , he immediately recalled not only our conversation but also my E- mail address , confirming , “ You ’re NonStopPop , right ? ”
“ I was just on the phone with a friend of mine who ’s pitching an animated show for the first time , ” he explained .
“ I said , ‘ If you ’re going in and talking to executives , let me prepare you for the rudest experience in the world , because they ’ll be texting people while they ’re looking at this thing you worked really hard on !’
Basically , I was just telling him to expect arrogance and rudeness , because executives forget who the lucky person in the room is .
It ’s , like , ‘ Uh , let ’s not forget that you ’re the luckiest guy on earth , Untalented Suit Guy ! ’ ”
I quickly briefed Mr. Kenny on the premise of this column , and since he seemed jazzed about the concept , we jumped right into the proceedings , kicking things off with what you can expect to see as my standard opening question :
How did you first find your way into voice acting ?
My path into it was kind of elliptical and random .
I started out as a stand - up and a sketch actor who wanted to do voiceovers and just was having trouble finding the entrance door , but , ironically , while that was hard for me , making a living at stand - up comedy came pretty easily and quickly for me !
So I had that going on , and then doing a fair amount of on - camera stuff and guest stuff on sitcoms and various sketch comedy programs on TV from the early ‘ 90s on .
Then , while I was doing that , somebody from Hanna - Barbera saw me do stand - up at The Improv here in L.A. , and said , “ Have you ever thought about doing voiceover ? ”
And that was my dream job .
It was , like , “ Yes !
The way some guys dream of doing this …?
This is n’t my dream .
It ’s not like some ‘ Dilbert ’ - esque cubicle job , but it ’s not my be -all , end - all job .
I ’m good at it by accident . ”
So I went down there and auditioned for something , got it , and then from that came an audition for “ Rocko ’s Modern Life , ” an early Nicktoon during the “ Rugrats ” era , just post - “ Ren and Stimpy . ”
After “ Ren and Stimpy ” made it okay to be funny again .
That was when I started to book a lot of voiceover stuff , although after “ Rocko ” ended , there was kind of a lull as far as voiceover activity , where I was , like , “ Wow , maybe I shot my wad ! ” ( Laughs )
I was right about it being the best job for me .
The best use of my talents is that weird job , as opposed to being Drew Carey ’s fourth friend from the left on “ The Drew Carey Show ” or something .
That did n’t interest me at all .
The money ’s good , but sitcoms are not my bag at all .
But then things started to pick up , and … ( Hesitates )
Even though I ’m your first column , you probably already know this , but the whole journeyman voiceover guy thing is about just keeping the spinning plates spinning while getting new plates spinning , because some of those plates that were spinning … something gets to the end of its third season , and that ’s the end of it , because that ’s just the rules .
With kids TV , 52 episodes is usually the magic number .
Once they get 52 half - hours , even if it ’s a pretty successful show , they figure that that ’s enough for them to work with .
Kids can watch stuff a million times , and they do n’t demand new episodes like the fans of “ 30 Rock ” or something like that .
Once you have 52 episodes of something in the can , you can run those 52 episodes a zillion times , and by then , the kid has aged out of the demographic and you do n’t need to spend money making new ones .
You do n’t need to…or , at least , that ’s network thinking .
So that ’s the trick of this thing : to always be out there auditioning and always be out there pitching .
That aspect of it is one that I really like .
For me , auditioning for on - camera stuff was always this …I mean , I would have nightmares about it .
I hated going in and auditioning , sitting in a room with 10 guys that kind of look like you .
.. ( Laughs ) … and you ’re just , like , “ God !
I ’m here for the nerd audition ! ”
You just feel like shit !
But with voiceover , I love auditioning for it .
Just the auditioning process and trying to figure this stuff out is fun for me that on - camera never was .
Like , reading the description of that character or even just reading the description for commercial stuff .
“ We ’re looking for somebody who ’s upbeat but not announcer -y but still sounds authoritative ! ” ( Laughs )
To me , I like trying to read those tea leaves , to figure out the Sudoku .
You go , you give it your best shot , and sometimes you get it and a lot of times you do n’t .
It ’s a numbers game .
You just go and audition for stuff .
I feel very lucky that something like “ Spongebob ” blew up in a way that that is kind of the anchor … no pun intended …of my work life .
That ’s there , that ’s solid , that ’s going to be around for awhile .
And then you ’ve got all of this other stuff that you ’re doing that keeps you from being bored and feeling to yourself like a one - trick pony .
Because I think that ’s important , too .
That kind of breeds contempt for the job that ’s your bread and butter .
For me , one of the great things about the job is that this huge character that you do is just one day a week .
It ’s a blast : you go in , you do an episode , maybe another day a week you do toys or video games of “ Spongebob , ” and the rest of the cast , you ’ve been working with them for 12 years and they ’re all super fun , hilarious , great people that are a blast to kick around with .
So it ’s all good .
And the other four days of the week or whatever , you ’re being Iron Man or Rabbit from “ Winnie the Pooh ” or a robot or the Ice King from “ Adventure Time ” or any of the other stuff I do .
I ’d just get bored without doing all of this different stuff .
It probably has to do with ADD more than anything else .
( Laughs ) Billy West and I have actually had this conversation .
And then when you do have to do an on - camera thing , it just seems so slow .
And dull .
It ’s , like , erosion .
Like watching the Grand Canyon erode , where you ’re just , like , “ Jesus Christ , I ’ve been here for four hours , and I ’m still sitting in my trailer ! ”
The voiceover job is perfect for somebody who gets bored fast and has ADD .
And , also , a term I use a lot is that it ’s the perfect job for the shy showoff , where you sort of like being a class clown kind of guy , but you ’re able to do it in kind of an under - the - radar way where you have a nice comfort zone .
There ’s an anonymity that goes along with the ubiquitousness that ’s a great combination for me , personally .
From here , it was time to shift into the portion of our conversation where I ’d bring up one of Kenny ’s voices and he ’d tell me a bit about the experience .
I decided to start things slow .
• Tom Kenny , “ Dr. Katz , Professional Therapist ”
Yes , that was a character I was pretty familiar with .
( Laughs )
Well , you know , this speaks to …I do n’t know how much into the inside - the - industry stuff you care to get with this , but to me , I always tell aspiring people that are trying to break in that so much of this business is relationships .
It ’s not that you have this hardcore agent who goes out and gets stuff .
It really is n’t about that .
I was a stand - up , I did “ Dr. Katz , ” which was done by a little company called Soup 2 Nuts in Boston , and years after “ Dr. Katz ” … well , of course , for the uninitiated , “ Dr. Katz ” was a show where comedians performed their stand - up bits in the guise of couch talk with a shrink , Dr. Katz , played by Jonathan Katz .
It was kind of crudely animated , and it was really just a way to repurpose people ’s stand - up material in a new way .
But this company Soup 2 Nuts , after I ’m not even hardly doing stand - up anymore , they ’ve got other shows going .
They ’ve got a show called “ Home Movies ” that was on Cartoon Network , and now they ’ve got a show called “ Word Girl ” that ’s on PBS Kids .
And people at that company remembered me from “ Dr. Katz ” years ago , and they were , like , “ You know , that guy was good .
That guy was funny .
Hey , I hear that guy ’s doing a lot of voiceover work now . ”
So , you see , so much of this business is relationships .
Like , being versatile and not being a dickhead and kind of like the two most important skills of this job .
( Laughs )
Know how to do a bunch of stuff , and do n’t be an asshole to people .
So “ Dr. Katz , ” yeah , that was really fun , and it was cool to see myself as a cartoon .
• Oswald Cobblepot a.k.a.
The Penguin , “ The Batman ”
Yeah , that was funny !
That was a newer “ Batman ” series called “ The Batman ” … as opposed to “ A Batman ” … ( Laughs ) … and I went in and auditioned for pretty much every villain in the rogues ’ gallery .
You know , there was the Riddler , there was the Joker …to me , Mark Hamill will always be the Joker , but they were auditioning new Jokers .
It eventually went to Kevin Michael Richardson , a guy who you should also interview , who kind of made a totally different and totally great Joker , as it turns out .
So I auditioned for The Penguin , amongst others , and it ’s funny .
Here ’s more advice to newbies .
I said , “ What are you looking for with this new Penguin ? ”
And they said , “ Well , we know what we ’re not looking for .
We ’re not looking for anything that ’s reminiscent of the Burgess Meredith treatment in the Adam West ‘ Batman ’ series .
That ’s what we ’re not looking for . ”
And so I did it a few different ways , but then I started thinking to myself , “ You know , Burgess Meredith was perfect !
He did it exactly right ! ”
His Penguin … I mean , The Penguin is a kind of upper - crust guy who ’s maybe fallen on hard times .
His family , the Cobblepots , used to be like the Waynes in Gotham City , a rich family , who kind of squandered it all away .
They were , like , wastrels and screw - ups .
“ Wastrel ” is a word that ’s screaming for a comeback .
Exactly !
It sounds like a new superhero .
“ This is a job for The Wastrel ! ”
He just sits there and drinks and snorts coke while the crimes are going on .
( Laughs )
But , anyway , I went ahead and did a take on the Burgess Meredith version , and then I got called back , and they said , “ We really like this one .
Listen to the third one , because this is the one we like . ”
And it was the Burgess Meredith one .
So there ’s another rule for newbies : keep your mouth shut .
I just said , “ Yeah , okay , cool , I can do that ! ”
And I wound up doing The Penguin , and it was really fun .
I ’ve always been a comic book fan guy , since I was a kid , and I ’ve always been fascinated with the second and third string guys , I guess because I always figured that , if I was a superhero or super villain , that would be me .
( Laughs ) I would n’t be Superman or Batman .
I ’d be , like , Elongated Man : kind of okay at it , but not the A - list .
So , you know , I loved the character of The Penguin .
I also just love his balls , and his sense of inadequacy .
No super powers , he ’s just kind of ugly , this dumpy kind of guy , and he just decides to put on a tuxedo and be a villain and commit bird - themed crimes .
• Plastic Man , “ Batman : The Brave and the Bold ”
Yes !
I do n’t think of Plastic Man as being a B - list superhero , but many would .
He ’s always been one of my favorite characters .
I love those original ‘ 40s and ‘ 50s “ Plastic Man ” comic book stories by Jack Cole … who wound up blowing his brains out , but … ( Trails off ) I just love those .
I like funny , lighter - hearted superhero stuff .
Like , all this nihilistic “ Who Raped The Flash ’s Wife ? ” stuff that leads to a 52 - issue arc .
Again , talk about short - attention span , but I feel about comic books kind of like I feel about music : if your single ’s longer than three and a half minutes , you need to cut some shit out of it .
( Laughs )
It ’s , like , “ Come on , the Ramones never went over two minutes .
Come on , guys , pick it up ! ”
But I love Plastic Man , and …I do n’t know if you know this , but I wrote and voiced Plastic Man in an unsold “ Plastic Man ” pilot of Warner Brothers .
I did know that , in fact .
I ’m a fan of the Ruby - Spears “ Plastic Man ” series , so I ’ve got that set .
Oh , okay , so you ’ve probably seen the pilot , then , because I know it ’s on there .
Yeah , that was kind of our approach to Plastic Man .
Sorry , but I just thought those ‘ 80s cartoons were terrible … ( Laughs ) … so me and this guy Andy Suriano , who ’s a character designer and artist , a really gifted guy who did a lot of the designs for “ Clone Wars ” and “ Dexter ’s Laboratory ” and “ Power Puff Girls ” and all that , we would just be talking in the lobby of Cartoon Network , and we were always talking about Plastic Man and how somebody should do Plastic Man right .
And I ’m , like , “ Yeah , those horrible ‘ 80s cartoons that were super - limited animation … why would you take a character that is limitless and then do him in ultra-limited animation ?
Wow , I wish someone would do a cool Bob Clampett - like squash - and - stretch Plastic Man … ” And Andy Suriano said , “ Why do n’t we do it ? ”
And I said , “ Uh , yeah , okay ! ”
So , basically , they gave us money to do a pilot and stuff like that , and ultimately they wound up not picking it up for …mostly , I get the feeling that it was for internal office politics reasons .
From what I understand , Warner Brothers Animation and Cartoon Network have a dysfunctional relationship … ( Laughs ) … and figuring out who ’s going to pay for what and how the costs are going to be broken down often causes shit like that to fall apart .
Ironically , it should ’ve been an easy sell , just because , like , “ You guys already own this character , you ’re not doing anything with it , and we love it , so we ’re taking a resource that you already have and reinvigorating it . ”
And that logic works in getting it greenlit , but then it ’s the usual thing where all the people who greenlit your project , by the time the pilot ’s finished , they ’re all fired and gone and two more regimes have happened in the meantime .
So , you know , disappointingly , it did n’t get picked up as a series , but …and here we go with relationships again … what wound up happening is that I think it put Plastic Man back on their radar as a viable character , so when they were doing “ The Brave and the Bold , ” which was just all about guest stars and team - ups from all over the DC universe , they said , “ Hey , let ’s do Plastic Man…and , you know , we liked the way Tom Kenny voiced him in that short he did with Andy Suriano , so let ’s just have him voice him ! ”
So in a weird way , it kind of got me the gig without even having to audition .
So , you know , silver livings all over the place .
But I love doing Plastic Man .
He ’s one of my all - time favorite characters , and I hope that someday I ’ll get to do our treatment of him , because I think it was good .
• Peter Cottontail , “ Here Comes Peter Cottontail : The Movie ”
Ha !
Man , let ’s see … that was Rankin - Bass , it was a sequel to the network TV special from back in the early ‘ 70s , probably , and , yeah , that was one of those where it was just another product of an audition for something .
You go in and you give it your best shot .
As I recall , that was a pretty straight voice that was fairly close to my natural voice , which I do n’t get to do very often .
( Laughs )
So it was fun .
Once in awhile , it ’s nice to not have to scream .
• Happy , “ Sit Down , Shut Up ”
Man , that was a blast .
It ’s the R - word again : relationships .
Mitch Hurwitz , believe it or not , when I was doing on - camera , I had done a couple of sitcoms that he ’d worked on .
I did a couple of episodes of “ Brotherly Love , ” with Joey Lawrence and his two brothers .
( Laughs )
Mitch remembered me from that , and I think he ’d also heard that I was doing a bunch of voiceover work , and that helps .
I think he also was using a lot of celebrity , on - camera talent , some of whom were new to voiceover , and one thing that works in the favor of guys like me , Billy West , Phil LaMarr , Kevin Michael Richardson , Maurice LaMarche , and so on , is that if a producer or creator is using celebrities that are unfamiliar with the voiceover process , they ’re going to need a little more handholding and they ’re going to have a little bit of a learning curve in addition to crazy schedules that celebrities like Jason Bateman or someone like that has .
That guy ’s always shooting something somewhere and goes from movie to movie to movie , so he ’s usually out of town somewhere .
So I think it behooves a producer to have a…well , you know , you want your utility infielder to be a guy that you do n’t have to worry about .
You go , “ Okay , Tom , you ’re the doctor , you ’re the Russian guy , you ’re the cowboy , you ’re the bear , you ’re the robot , and you ’re the Martian . ”
And you go , “ Oh , okay , I got it . ” ( Laughs )
They know they do n’t have to worry about you .
And I think that helped me with that .
That was one of those shows where I just went in and … I pretty much auditioned for every male voice on the show , but even when you ’re doing it , you ’re pretty sure that , since it ’s a network prime - time show , they ’re probably going to go with a celebrity in the lead .
But maybe I can be the utility infielder on the show , which ai n’t bad .
And I like those gigs .
A lot of times , that ’s where you discover new voices , because you ’ve got to do five or six voices for the show , so it forces you to go places that you have n’t really gone before , since they ca n’t sound like each other .
So it ’s kind of a good exercise in a way , and it kind of helps you , because a lot of the voices are so minor – one line , two lines , three lines – that you can often , like in the case of “ Sit Down , Shut Up , ” when that show goes away , recycle the voice somewhere else and no one will notice .
( Laughs )
What I want to know is how many stupid journalists insisted on asking you about the status of the “ Arrested Development ” movie .
( Bursts out laughing )
It happens all the time !
It ’s so funny , though , because I have heard various things .
I know writer guys that are saying that they ’ve been asked to work up some stuff for it , that this actor ’s on board and that actor ’s on board , that Mitch Hurwitz wants to do it .
Who knows how much of this is true ?
It changes .
People get committed to other stuff , they get tied up for X amount of months , and if something does n’t get rolling right away , they move on to other stuff .
So , anyway , yeah , I hear the movie ’s still kind of alive , but my information is very non-specific and probably unreliable !
And , also , I would like to underline once again that I myself did not have anything to do with “ Arrested Development . ” ( Laughs )
I ’d never even worked with anyone from the show , aside from doing a few seasons of “ Mr. Show ” with David Cross and the stuff that I did with Mitch .
• Ratbert , “ Dilbert ”
Oh , man , “ Dilbert ” was another one of those shows that …I think it only ran for one or two seasons , maybe , and I thought it was a very good show , but I think the timing and the network were wrong for it .
I think the height of “ Dilbert ” - mania had already passed by the time they got that show going .
I think if they ’d done that show a couple of years earlier , it would ’ve done much better .
By then , the “ Dilbert ” - mania ship had already sailed .
Part of the reason was that they ’d first tried doing a live - action sitcom version of it that ended up not happening .
The great thing about that show was getting to work with Larry Charles .
I mean , co-creator of “ Seinfeld , ” he ’s gone on to do the “ Borat ” movie and “ Religilous ” with Bill Maher…real cutting - edge kind of comedy .
He ’s a really brilliant guy .
He did “ Masked and Anonymous , ” with Bob Dylan , a cult movie that a lot of people hate but that I love .
“ Dilbert ” was really fun , and the shows were well - written , and I… ( Slips into his Ratbert voice ) … I got to do a little tough Brooklyn guy , a Ratbert sort of ‘ tude .
And I… ( Slips into Asok voice ) … I also got to be Asok , the Pakistani guy who works in the office , the nicest guy in the world , who works in the office with Dilbert .
( Laughs )
That was a really great experience .
It was one of those shows that I wish had gone on longer , because it was really a fun experience , but I also think it was on …UPN ?
At the time , they were , like , the tractor - pull network .
Man , all of a sudden , I ca n’t even remember what was on UPN , aside from “ Buffy the Vampire Slayer ” and “ Star Trek : Voyager . ”
Was “ Reba ” on there ?
Actually , that was on The WB .
And the only reason I know that is that I used to have to drive by a big , scary billboard of her face whenever I ’d drive onto the Warner Brothers lot .
“ AAAAAAA !
She looks like the fucking Joker ! Jesus Christ ! ” ( Laughs )
But what I mean by that is that a sophisticated white - collar animated cartoon with a lot of social commentary … UPN was probably not the right home for it .
But the funny thing is that now you see “ The Office , ” and you ’re , like , “ A lot of this is like what the ‘ Dilbert ’ animated series could ’ve done . ”
It ’s tapping into a lot of the same “ Office Space ” kind of zeitgeist of cubicle hell .
I think the “ Dilbert ” cartoon did that pretty well , and since then , other shows have mined the same territory with , uh , much greater success .
( Laughs )
• Special Agent 14 , “ Stripperella ”
Ha ! “ Stripperella ” was a fun , kind of softcore show that was co-created by Stan Lee , I believe , that we did for Spike …and , unlike “ Dilbert ” and UPN , that was the right network for that show !
( Laughs )
The funny thing about “ Stripperella ” was that , since it was Viacom , you ’d record it in the same studio that you ’d record the Nicktoons in .
So it ’s , like , Pam Anderson would come in to do the records , and you ’d be standing next to her , doing this pretty spicy stuff , while you ’re staring at a picture on the wall of Dora the Explorer , feeling filthy . ” ( Laughs )
It ’s , like , “ Oh , man , I ’m looking at Boots the Monkey and trying not to stare at Pam Anderson ’s hooters .
I ’ll just look at that picture of Dora the Explorer and try to lose my boner ! ”
But it was really fun , especially Special Agent 14 , being a play on the word “ special . ”
He ’s literally a special agent , where he , uh , has a learning disability .
And , yet , he ’s smart .
That was the weird thing about him .
He was n’t a dumb guy .
He actually was a good agent .
But he had neurological disorders that led to communication difficulties .
( Laughs )
But he was pretty funny !
• Yancy Fry , “ Futurama ”
Hey , that was great , because Matt Groening ’s mind … he ’d been able to achieve so much with “ The Simpsons , ” which is such a great show .
My 12 - year - old is heavy into “ The Simpsons ” right now , he ’s kind of just discovered it in the last year , so I ’m watching a ton of old “ Simpsons , ” 20 years of “ Simpsons , ” and getting a crash course as I ’m re-watching them .
That show and “ Futurama ” are just … I like the heart that those shows have .
In addition to all the scathing social commentary , they also have kind of a heart at their core that a lot of the adult animation shows do n’t have .
It ’s hard to pull off .
I love working with Billy West , and …people tell me that my and Billy ’s natural speaking voices are kind of similar , anyway .
Like , we always wind up getting called back for the same stuff .
The last time I saw him was Friday .
I heard , “ Hey , there ’s this big Comcast campaign , and it ’s down to you and one other guy . ”
“ Who ’s the other guy ? ” “ I do n’t know , but they ’re bringing you in , and it ’s a paid callback .
They ’re calling you in , and you ’re just going to read some stuff . ”
I show up , and who ’s sitting on the couch ?
Billy .
“ Hey , dude ! ” ( Laughs )
So , anyway , long story short , it was kind of fun , since people are always saying that we sound the same , to play his brother in some flashback sequences .
“ Futurama ” is one of those shows that , like “ The Simpsons , ” they ’ve already got the utility infielders they need .
I mean , you ’ve got Phil LaMarr , you ’ve got Billy West , you ’ve got Maurice LaMarche , you ’ve got Dave Herman … that ’s , like , 14 million voices between those guys !
( Laughs )
So it ’s kind of unusual for them to have to bring in somebody unless it ’s some big celebrity stunt casting thing .
“ Hey , Leonard Nimoy ! ”
Or whatever .
So that was a rare chance for a non-celebrity to do a guest shot on “ Futurama . ”
I guess they did n’t want Billy talking to himself .
I do n’t know .
• Narrator / The Mayor , “ Power Puff Girls ”
Yeah !
Love that show .
I was lucky enough to just start breaking into the business when there were these young guys …well , guys younger than me , and I was n’t old ! … like Genndy Tartakovsky , Steve Hillenburg , Joe Murray , and , of course , Craig McCracken , who were just starting to be given some creative freedom .
I had worked with Craig on “ Dexter ’s Lab ” and stuff like that , with Genndy , and he pitched his own show , this “ Power Puff Girls ” thing based on a student short he ’d done in college called “ Whoop Ass Girls . ”
Obviously , they could n’t call it … ( Laughs ) … but I just went in and auditioned for it , and I really loved it .
I loved the material , and I loved the idea of ass - kicking superheroes that are cute little girly - girl ragamuffins , seemingly .
I thought that was pretty funny and a lot of comedy was in there .
So I was the narrator , which was just your standard booming voice …
( Goes into his narrator voice ) “ So , once again , the day is saved , thanks to the Power Puff Girls ! ”
Just your standard announcer guy , Bullwinkle 101 .
And then the Mayor is just kind of a bumbling , inept politician .
Gee , imagine that , right ?
BP oil spill , anyone …?
( Laughs )
So when it came time to audition for him , I just kind of mixed together a bunch of people : Ruth Gordon , the Wizard from “ The Wizard of Oz , ” and a little bit of Lionel Barrymore from “ It ’s A Wonderful Life . ” ( Goes into the Mayor ’s voice )
You just sort of mix ‘em all together , and you come out sounding like this !
( Laughs )
There ’s a little bit of Captain Crunch in there , too .
You just put it all into the Cuisinart and try not to make it sound too much like any of those things .
As long as you do a mélange of stuff , you ’re safe .
But I loved it , and that show went for a long time .
That show is special for me because it was the first time with a show that I worked on where I started to see merchandise from it out in the world .
Like , you ’d be out in L.A. , and some little hipster girl with black fingernail polish would be wearing a Power Puff Girls backpack , and I ’d be , like , “ That ’s so cool !
I work on that show ! ” ( Laughs )
I got my daughter into the show through the “ Meet the Beat - Alls ” episode .
She could name all four Beatles by the time she was a year old , so it seemed like the perfect gateway .
Oh , great !
That was a great episode .
How old is your daughter now ?
She ’s four .
My kids know more about the Beatles than I do , because of “ Beatles Rock Band ” and stuff .
Like , I know the average amount because I like the Beatles , but I had an older brother and sister who liked them more .
I was more of the punk rock demographic , because I was 14 in 1976 , so it was , like , “ Boom , there ’s the sweet spot ! ”
The Clash , the Sex Pistols , the Ramones .
So I was a little young when the Beatles came out .
Most of the stuff I know about them now comes from my 12 - year - old .
But Craig , obviously , is a complete freak , and they did that episode which was just chock full of Beatles references and Easter eggs and Beatles tidbits .
It was pretty fun .
And , of course , the challenge of that is that you ca n’t actually do anything that sounds even remotely Beatle - esque because Cartoon Network do n’t want to pay Paul McCartney .
( Laughs )
• Wally Langford , “ Mission Hill ”
Yeah , another one that …
( Starts to laugh )
As you ’re asking me these questions , I ’m realizing that my track record on prime time animation sucks !
Another show that …it ’s funny , because that show has gone on to have this cult following , much like “ Mr. Show with Bob and David ” has , where it seemed like a lot of people were n’t watching it at the time but it turns out to have this crazy afterlife where it ’s way more powerful .
Like Dracula , it ’s way more powerful in death than it ever was in life .
( Laughs ) I loved that show , because it was Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein , big “ Simpsons ” guys for years , and , again , it ’s a show that I think was kind of on the wrong network at the wrong time , but I see shows now that …they are n’t ripping it off , but they ’re tapping into the same kind of zeitgeist .
Like “ Big Bang Theory . ” “ Big Bang Theory ” could almost be a live - action version of “ Mission Hill ” in a lot of ways , and it ’s hugely successful … and not as funny as “ Mission Hill ” !
I loved the character I played , because , really , it was the first time that I ’d ever seen – definitely in an animated series , but maybe even in a sitcom – characters like Wally and his boyfriend .
He was an older gay gentleman , and he had been for years with this other gay guy , and they had a long - term relationship , and they were like an old married couple who both just happened to be men .
Do you know what I mean ?
And no big deal was made about it or anything .
It just treated them as characters , as oddball characters like everybody else was an oddball , square - peg kind of character .
I liked that he kind of looked like R. Crumb , and it was really fun .
They were really fun scenes to do , really well written , and in retrospect , I wonder if the show should n’t have been about them !
( Laughs )
Do an animated series about an older gay couple .
Forget about the twentysomethings and just do a show about a gay couple that ’s been together for years .
Kind of like the parents on “ Everybody Loves Raymond , ” but dudes .
Time to pitch Logo .
( Laughs ) I loved that show , but , again , the relationships go on , because Oakley and Weinstein wound up working on “ Sit Down , Shut Up , ” and I think they might be one of the reasons that I got in the door there : because they said nice things about me .
• Leon , “ Squirrel Boy ”
Another show that was funny and fun to do , and people on both sides of the glass were nice and let you go with your instincts .
They let you , as an actor , go with your instincts and do what you thought was funny .
I ’m always grateful for that .
I should point out that I specifically mentioned this role because one of my fellow Popdose writers , Scott Malchus , said that you were always hilarious when he caught you recording your stuff as Leon .
Oh , wow !
Yeah , I know Scott !
Well , please thank him for me !
• Otto , “ The Haunted World of El Superbeasto ”
Something I really enjoy about this job , again , is the total multiple personality disorder that you get paid for .
( Laughs )
You can be doing something that teaches preschoolers to read in the morning , and then in the afternoon you can be doing something completely sick and twisted .
I ’ve done stuff that ’s all over the spectrum , and I like it all .
It all has its unique , fun rewards .
But “ The Haunted World of El Superbeasto , ” now , one of the directors of that is Mr. Lawrence , who voices Plankton on “ Spongebob . ”
He ’s also a very talented animator .
He kind of stumbled into voice acting by just doing placeholder shit for “ Spongebob , ” and they said , “ You know what ?
We ca n’t find anybody as funny as you to be Plankton ! ”
So I wound up in that , being this British gorilla , and also a couple of other characters .
But it was fun .
When I walked into the booth , Rob Zombie really was there directing , and I ’m , like , “ Wow , this guy ’s really hands - on !
And he has a giant Creature from the Black Lagoon tattoo on his forearm that ’s photographically real .
That ’s insane ! ” ( Laughs )
So , yeah , that was really fun , really incorrect , and I loved it .
When I went to the screening , one thing I really liked about that movie when I saw it was that I could tell that the animators had been given free reign on their segments .
A lot of them were guys who work on TV stuff , but they were allowed to take the gloves off and do a bit where there ’s , like , a million rats coming out of a guy ’s butthole .
( Laughs )
You ’re just , like , “ Wowwwwwww … ” I could feel their freedom , is what I ’m saying .
It came off the screen , and it was cool .
So , yeah , it was really fun and different .
I like doing stuff that ’s all over the map .
That ’s one of the reasons that I got into this .
I do n’t want to be me .
• Skids , “ Transformers : Return of the Fallen ”
Yeah , you know , that ended up being more controversial than I expected .
Maybe I ’m dumb , but I really was n’t expecting that .
Maybe I ’m naïve .
That was , again , one of those things where a lot of times these big , giant budget movies just go right to celebrities , and “ Transformers ” is one where they can’t really do that .
You really do need voiceover actors to be those robots .
You ca n’t have Cameron Diaz sounding like herself .
So I went in and auditioned for a whole bunch of parts on it , wound up getting Wheelie , the little Joe Pesci-ish robot , and then he said , “ Hey , as long as you ’re here , can you and Reno ( Wilson ) read for these two guys ? ”
And I did n’t know whether we were placeholders or what , but I said , “ What ’s the deal with these guys ? ”
And Michael Bay said , “ They ’re robots who ’ve been sitting out there in space , picking up Earth TV signals and movies and radio stations and stuff , and they ’re fixated on gangsta rap .
They ’re wannabe gangstas , but they kind of suck at it . ”
And I said , “ Cool , I can do that . ”
And we did it , and the next thing I knew , there was all this controversy … which I basically just ignored because , by that time , I ’d done 150 more voiceover jobs .
Yeah , it caught us by surprise , and Reno , the other actor , who is African - American and from Brooklyn , he was equally as surprised by the outcry .
I thought … I mean , I drive by wannabe gangstas every day in L.A. .
I see Caucasian kids trying to be gangsta , I see Hispanic kids trying to be gangsta , I see Asian kids trying to be gangsta … with their shorts around the buttcrack and trying to talk “ street ” with varying degrees of success .
In a world with Eminem and shit like that , it just did n’t seem that controversial to me .
It still does n’t .
Being an actor , you play a whole bunch of different characters .
I do n’t have to like or agree with the politics with every character that I play .
It ’s , like , “ Sorry , but my aesthetic and Michael Bay ’s aesthetic are probably very different on a lot of things ! ”
So I was surprised by the outcry , but if you dig a little deeper , you realize that a lot of the outcry is just , like , pop culture college professors that have a self - published book that they ’re trying to pimp .
That I understand .
( Laughs ) Being a whore ?
I completely understand that .
Now me and this college professor are on the same page .
We understand each other .
By the way , I was not surprised by how quickly that outcry disappeared , and how it had no traction .
Fundamentally , it ’s a dumb avenue of thought to complain about that .
You know , we ’ve already started work on the third “ Transformers ” movie , and those characters are in there , from what I understand .
Probably in a much reduced role , but …hey , obviously , from an aesthetic point of view , if I was the boss of that movie , I would ’ve had less comedy relief and more robots kicking the shit out of each other , ‘ cause people pay to see that in those movies .
But , hey , it ai n’t my movie .
I ’m just the bass player .
If I go in there and Michael Bay says , “ Hey , do this , ” I say , “ Okay , cool , I can do that . ”
That ’s your job .
You ’re a foot soldier .
You ’re a shelf builder .
You say , “ Okay , what size do you want your bookshelf ?
How big is the corner that you want the shelf in ? ”
They give you the measurements , you give them the shelf , they give you the money , and you ’re done !
• Doctor Two Brains , “ WordGirl ”
Yeah , it ’s those Soup 2 Nuts people again : “ Dr. Katz ” and “ Home Movies . ”
A really fun , funny show which in some ways has some of the same aesthetic as “ Power Puff Girls , ” as far as spoofing melodramatic superhero stuff with a little girl protagonist , but it also teaches vocabulary and word - building skills to kids .
It ’s a little older than something like “ Handy Manny ” or something .
The target audience is probably 1st or 2nd grade , as opposed to preschool to kindergarten .
Again , those full cast recordings are just a blast .
A lot of the usual suspects are involved there , and Grey DeLisle and …oh , man , what ’s his name ?
He ’s another one of those “ Arrested Development ” guys , and he was in “ Hellboy ” and “ The Larry Sanders Show . ” Jeffrey Tambor !
He ’s one of the bad guys on the show , and he ’s always a zillion laughs .
Yeah , those shows are just an unadulterated pleasure , and it just got picked up for a whole bunch more episodes , so that ’s always good news .
The unusual thing about that series is that the people who do it are in Boston , and they fly in just a few times a year , so you do these marathon sessions where you do three , four , five episodes at a crack .
It ’s kind of fun .
You ’re there for six or seven hours , just living in the “ WordGirl ” world .
That show ’s a pleasure .
It ’s kind of funny , but all the years I ’ve been doing this …I think my instincts were right to get into voiceover , because I ’ve run into very few horrible people in the world of animation .
( Laughs )
I think if I was working in sitcoms or movies , I would ’ve run into hundreds and hundreds of horrible , anal people .
Animation is just a nicer world , one filled with nicer weirdos .
• Iron Man / Captain America / M.O.D.O.K , “ The Super Hero Squad Show ”
Yeah !
I also voice Colossus from the X - Men , and Juggernaut , who in Marvel canon is Professor ’s half - brother or something .
It ’s really fun .
I do n’t know how old you are , but there was a comic book … like “ The Brave and the Bold , ” I like it because it ’s a superhero - oriented show that kind of gives superheroes back to the younger audience , who originally enjoyed them .
Let ’s face it : comic books used to be mostly for kids .
A kid goes to the drugstore , he ’s got a couple of dimes in his pocket , and he buys “ Uncle Scrooge ” and “ Superman . ”
With “ The Brave and the Bold ” and “ Super Hero Squad , ” I think they serve that purpose .
I love Christopher Nolan as much as the next guy , but parents do n’t want to take their kids to see a superhero thing where a guy shoves a pencil through another guy ’s eye .
( Laughs )
So , yeah , “ Super Hero Squad ” is great , and there was a comic book called “ Not Brand Echh , ” which I do n’t know if you ’re familiar with …
Oh , I am .
I ’m a full - fledged comic book geek .
( Laughs )
Oh , okay , then !
Yeah , to me , “ Super Hero Squad ” is the closest vibe to “ Not Brand Echh ” that exists right now .
It was done by Marvel and drawn by Marvel artists , “ Not Brand Echh ” was , and it was like a Mad Magazine version of the Marvel superheroes .
I loved it because it was a way to see all of those superhero artists draw funny , people like Marie Severin and John Severin and Jack Kirby drawing in a big - footed , comedic style that you could tell they loved doing .
There was a lot of joy on those pages , and I loved those comics .
Stan ( Lee ) was writing them , and Stan ’s a comedian at heart , of course , so I love it .
I totally get it .
It ’s funny for me because some of the voice actors just did n’t grow up with this stuff , so it does n’t have a lot of import for them , whereas voicing Iron Man is … I mean , to me , it ’s like the culmination of all those man hours … sorry , kid hours .
( Laughs )
One of the reasons I became a voice actor , and one of my main training grounds , was reading aloud to my younger brothers and sisters , and a lot of the stuff I would read them were old Marvel comic books .
I always had an idea in my head of what Iron Man would sound like if you did him …and now I actually get to do it !
I ’m a 47 - year - old guy , and now it ’s my job !
It ’s pretty cool .
We just recorded a script on Wednesday that I wrote for “ Super Hero Squad , ” which I co-wrote with Eugene Son , one of the other writers .
Matt Wayne , the guy in charge of “ Super Hero Squad , ” was very nice , and he said … and this is the best compliment I ’ve gotten in years …
” You know , we ’ve noticed that you ’re not only just ad - libbing , you ’re polishing dialogue on the fly . ”
And I was , like , “ Wow , thank you for noticing ! ”
He said , “ You ’re shortening stuff , making jokes clearer , and stuff like that in the moment while you ’re doing it . ”
I said , “ Thanks . ”
He said , “ You ’re also kind of a nerd about this stuff . ”
“ Yes , I am . ” “ Would you like to write an episode ? ”
And I said , “ Yeah , cool … but I ’m really busy , running around like crazy every day .
Team me up with someone else on the staff , though , because I ’d probably be better off co-writing with somebody , so we ’re a two - headed beast . ”
So we just recorded that show on Wednesday , and it involves the Impossible Man , who ’s kind of like the Mr. Mxyzptlk of the Marvel Universe .
So , yeah , we got to do this really fun , comedic episode of “ Super Hero Squad . ”
With “ Super Hero Squad , ” there was kind of a line of toys that spawned the cartoon series , and usually that ’s not good for creativity , with the merchandising driving everything , but , really , except for the character designs , that ’s the only thing they really had to honor .
I ’m amazed at how far they ’re allowed to go with the characters .
And Stan Lee is a member of the cast !
That ’s another great thing .
I mean , Stan Lee is , like , 87 years old or something , and you ’re standing next to the mike with this guy who you worshipped your whole life .
It ’s , like , “ Wow , the shit that came out of this guy ’s head and this guy ’s typewriter impacted my whole life , and now we ’re sitting around making fart jokes with him ! ” ( Laughs )
It ’s great !
One of my prized possessions is a picture of me with Stan Lee .
( Offers a very acceptable Stan Lee impression ) “ Oh , yeah , sure , let ’s take that picture ! ”
That ’s one of the great things about Stan : he ’ll sign anything , he ’ll stand there ‘ til that last picture is taken .
He ’s a very gracious guy .
Because of guys like that , I try to be the same way when it comes to …well , of course , it ’s mostly SpongeBob stuff , but , still , that ’s what I do for the kids .
It ’s really fun .
What ’s funny is that Wednesday is “ Super Hero Squad ” record day and “ SpongeBob ” record day .
So from 9 to 1 , I ’m Iron Man , and from 2 to 6 , I ’m SpongeBob .
Kind of a split personality .
• SpongeBob SquarePants , “ SpongeBob SquarePants ”
The best part of “ SpongeBob ” is …well , probably the most amazing part of it is how long it ’s been on .
That ’s amazing .
I mean , I always loved the show and I always loved the character , from the get - go , and Steve Hillenburg is a guy who I always respected and thought was a really smart , nice man .
He developed the show and approached me before he pitched it to anyone and said , “ I want you to be SpongeBob , ” so I ’m very proprietary about that show , since I was there before it even was a show .
And now , 12 years later or whatever , it ’s still going on .
We did the pilot in 1997 , so it ’s 13 years that SpongeBob has been in my life .
You know , I ’ve got kids , so I ’m around kids a lot at school and when they have sleepovers and stuff , and to me , one of the best things about it is that this show has managed to work its way into people ’s family lives .
The whole family watches it together , it ’s a show that kids like and most parents think is funny , so they can sit there and not feel like they ’re suffering through it .
They sort of enjoy it .
And kids are so insanely super into it that …it ’s very flattering to be a part of this thing that has such impact in people ’s day to day habits .
It ’s kind of cool .
I love what I do , and it ’s fun being all of these characters , but I think it ’s pretty rare and kind of a rare occurrence that you get to voice a character that you got to kind of create the voice for , that ’s not an inherited character like Winnie the Pooh or Tigger or Donald Duck or something like that , that has all this good will for people .
SpongeBob seems to enjoy a pretty good amount of good will both within the animation community and outside of it , and to me , that ’s really a cool thing .
Plus , it kind of helps everything to be the voice of a character that ’s really well known .
You can at least walk into these auditions and not be a complete non-entity .
( Laughs )
Well , kids , there you have it : the first installment of “ You ’re the Voice . ” I hope you dug it .
As for the future of the column , it ’s going to appear as my schedule allows , so I ca n’t tell you when the second installment will appear , but I can at least tell you that I have someone who ’s already agreed to participate .
( Your only hint : the person in question was mentioned by Tom a couple of times during our conversation . )
No one is locked in beyond that , however , so if anyone has any suggestions for future columns , please leave them in the Comments section .
Finally sat down this weekend and completed my Javascript Lunar Lander clone , JSLander .
Decided to make it after messing around with midpoint displacement towards the end of last year .
The development of JSLander overall was n’t too bad , the trickiest thing was making everything work exactly the same when you were zoomed in , I happen to be horrible at math …
Check out the finished product here .
Download Source
The Tower of Pisa is the bell tower of the Cathedral .
Its construction began in the august of 1173 and continued ( with two long interruptions ) for about two hundred years , in full fidelity to the original project , whose architect is still uncertain .
In the past it was widely believed that the inclination of the Tower was part of the project ever since its beginning , but now we know that it is not so .
The Tower was designed to be " vertical " ( and even if it did not lean it would still be one of the most remarkable bell towers in Europe ) , and started to incline during its construction .
Both because of its inclination , and its beauty , from 1173 up to the present the Tower has been the object of very special attention .
During its construction efforts were made to halt the incipient inclination through the use of special construction devices ; later colums and other damaged parts were substituted in more than one occasion ; today , interventions are being carried out within the sub - soil in order to significantly reduce the inclination and to make sure that Tower will have a long life .
In all this story it is possible to find a meaningful constant , the " genetic code " of the Tower : its continual interaction with the soil on which it was built .
Today's ( 1999 ) works for the safeguard and the conservation of the Tower with very advanced methodologies are designed to fully respect this constant .
In life there are ways to do small things smarter that can have a significant impact on your quality of living .
We 've got 50 tips , tricks and hacks for what you wear , how you take care of yourself and ... [ more
DR Congo country profile Published duration 10 January 2019
The recent history of the Democratic Republic of Congo ( DR Congo ) has been one of civil war and corruption .
DR Congo is a vast country with immense economic resources and , until recently , has been at the centre of what some observers call " Africa 's world war " , with widespread civilian suffering the result .
The war claimed an up to six million lives , either as a direct result of fighting or because of disease and malnutrition .
The war had an economic as well as a political side .
Fighting was fuelled by the country 's vast mineral wealth , with all sides taking advantage of the anarchy to plunder natural resources .
Some militias fight on in the east , where a large United Nations force is struggling to keep the peace .
Democratic Republic of the Congo Capital : Kinshasa Population 81.5 million
Area 2.34 million sq km ( 905,354 sq miles )
Major languages French , Lingala , Kiswahili , Kikongo , Tshiluba
Major religions Christianity , Islam
Life expectancy 58 years ( men ) , 61 years ( women )
Currency Congolese franc Getty Images
President ( outgoing ) : Joseph Kabila
image copyright Getty Images
Joseph Kabila became president when his father Laurent was assassinated in 2001 .
He was elected in 2006 , and secured another term in controversial elections in 2011 .
He refused to leave office when his term expired in December 2016 .
Elections , twice delayed , were eventually held in December 2018 , but the results have caused controversy .
Officials declared opposition candidate Felix Tshisekedi the winner , prompting protests from rival opposition candidate Martin Fayulu of a deal with the government , whose candidate Emmanuel Ramazani Shadary came third .
image copyright Getty Images image caption Informal mining operations form a large part of DR Congo 's minerals industry
The Congolese media operate against a backdrop of political power struggles and unrest .
Reporters Without Borders says journalists face arrest , threats and violence .
The press carries criticism of the government , and some publications reflect opposition party views .
Radio is the leading medium .
Radio Okapi , partly run by the local UN mission , is an influential outlet .
Some key dates in DRCongo 's history :
image copyright Getty Images image caption Mobutu Sese Seko ruled between 1965 and 1997 , gaining notoriety for monopolising power and amassing a vast personal fortune
1200s - Rise of Kongo Empire , centred in modern northern Angola and including extreme western Congo and territories round lakes Kisale and Upemba in central Katanga ( now Shaba ) .
16th - 17th centuries - British , Dutch , Portuguese and French merchants engage in slave trade through Kongo intermediaries .
1870s - Belgian King Leopold II sets up a private venture to colonise Kongo .
1908 - Congo Free State placed under Belgian rule following outrage over treatment of Congolese .
1960 - Independence , followed by civil war and temporary fragmentation of country .
1965 - Mobutu Sese Seko seizes power .
1997 - Rebels oust Mobutu .
Laurent Kabila becomes president .
1997 -2003 - Civil war , drawing in several neighbouring countries .
Dozens of armed groups fight on in the east , requiring a large United Nations military force to try to maintain order .
2006 - First free elections in four decades .
Joseph Kabila wins the run-off vote .
2016 - President Kabila remains in power in violation of the constitution .
2019 - Officials declare opposition candidate Felix Tshisekedi the winner of December 's presidential election .
Vodafone Australia will start selling Google ’s Android - based Nexus
One handset in Australia tomorrow , but stocks are “ strictly limited ” and customers advised orders will only be taken through its website “ on a first come , first served basis ” , with no pre-orders available , according to a statement issued this afternoon .
As expected , Vodafone has exclusivity of the Nexus One in Australia .
It will sell the device , which has similar specifications to the HTC Desire ( exclusively on Telstra ’s Next G network ) , for $ 0 upfront on a $ 79 cap on a 24 month contract with a minimum total cost of $ 1896 .
The Nexus will be launched with Android 2.1 ( Eclair ) .
It comes with a muliti - touch 3.7 ″ 800×480 display , a 5 megapixel camera , 4GB memory with option to expand up to 32GB .
Connectivity and other features include HSPA , Wi-Fi ( 802.11b/g ) , Bluetooth 2.1 and GPS .
The Nexus One is hugely popular within the Android modding community due to efforts of modders like Cyanogen , who are constantly pushing the Android operating systems and hand sets to the limit .
In Australia , the Google hand - set will be released with the 2.1 OS , Eclair , although the full version of the 2.2 OS ( Froyo ) was released yesterday .
Delimiter asked Vodafone when Australian customers can expect a Froyo over the air ( OTA ) update , but the telco did not respond by the time this article was published .
The Nexus One was released globally back in January of this year .
The availability of Nexus
One by VHA was announced first last week via a VHA twitter account but no further details were provided at that time .
Image credit : Google
Among DC ’s September solicitations are announcements of upcoming action figures and collectibles , including a Jesse Quick statue .
Well , sort of .
AME - COMI HEROINE SERIES : JESSE QUICK AS THE FLASH PVC FIGURE
Sculpted by Jack Mathews
Faster Than Lightning !
Super - speedster and member of the Flash family of zoomers , Jesse Quick invokes the mysterious 3 ×2( 9y2 ) 4A formula , tapping into the power of the Speed Force .
Fleet of foot , Jesse sizzles with swiftness !
Packaged in a 4 - color window box with J- hook , this non-articulated PVC statue stands approximately 9 ” high and includes a display base .
On sale February 9 , 2011 * Statue * $ 70 US
Thoughts :
This is part of a series of statuettes that have taken DC heroines and redesigned them with looks inspired by anime .
This one ’s a bit odd , as is another one announced today ( Duela Dent as the Joker ) in that they ’re double mash - ups .
Instead of just anime - inspired Jesse Quick , it ’s anime - inspired Jesse Quick as the Flash .
OK , the Flash has the name recognition .
And while they could have just given us a female Flash , it ’s nice that they actually used one of DC ’s few female speedsters ( most of them are alternate - reality , past or future characters ) .
And , let ’s face it , Jesse Quick does n’t exactly have an iconic look to start from .
She ’s gone through at least half a dozen costumes since her first appearance .
Side Note : Speaking of Jesse Quick and anime , about ten years ago I watched a science - fiction sports epic called Battle Athletes Victory .
There ’s an athlete named Jessie with long blonde hair whose last name I could never remember , so I always thought of her as Jesse Quick !
Reminder : You can now follow Speed Force on Facebook , Twitter and Google Buzz .
Share
In the past year , we 've written a lot about the similarity between the rally of early 1930 and the one we had through April of this year .
The early 1930 rally came after the market had fallen nearly 50 % in the fall of 1929 .
The spring 1930 rally took the market up nearly 50 % again , to a level that was only about 20 % below the previous peak .
That rally , of course , was also the biggest sucker 's rally in history .
After the market peaked in April 1930 , it crashed again , eventually ending up down 89 % from the 1929 high and more than 80 % from the 1930 high .
The market did not reach the 1930 high again for another quarter of a century .
The rally that recently ended in April 2010 came after a crash that was actually slightly more severe than the 1929 crash ( 53 % versus 48 % ) .
It took the market up nearly 80 % from the low !
The recent rally also lasted longer than the 1930 rally did -- a year , as opposed to 6 months .
The 2009 - 2010 rally that ended in April , of course , may actually be the start of a great new bull market , one that will shake off the current " correction " and roar back to the market 's old highs .
On the other hand , it may yet also be another version of what happened in 1930 -- the start of another bear market that will take the market down for years ( or even , gulp , to a new low ) .
Importantly , we wo n't know for sure what today 's market is until we look at it with the genius of 20 /20 hindsight .
As Peter Schiff pointed out yesterday , even as late as 1931 , they did n't know they were in a " Great Depression " yet .
On the contrary , the promise from the White House was that " prosperity is just around the corner . "
Do n't believe it ?
Check out this excellent compilation of New York Times clippings from early 1930 put together by Dan Alpert of Westwood Capital .
There is nary a hint that anyone had any idea about the disastrous decade that was to come .
Dan 's complete compilation is contained in a broader research piece , which we 've embedded at the end .
The slides below contain excerpts from February - April , 1930 .
Is the current pullback just a " correction " and a " buying opportunity " ?
Or , as in the spring of 1930 , is it the start of the REAL market crash ?
You be the judge .
Meanwhile , here 's what things looked like in the spring of 1930 ...
Shortly after Alex Austin released Gish 's source code , Gish got its first new public feature courtesy of FrozenCow .
I find these " zero day open source contributions " really interesting .
It reminds me of the immediate rush to crack DRM or to exploit a newly disclosed vulnerability , but this is unequivocally awesome , feels good , and is only motivated by positively helping the community .
With this new patch , Gish can increase or decrease its size by pressing the M and N keys , which should lead to some awesome physics based scenarios .
Here 's an initial YouTube video demoing it :
Early Gish hack ( Early Gish hack ( Watch on YouTube
This has been merged with Sebastian Morr 's GitHub fork here .
I reached out to FrozenCow and asked him if he could share any tips for would - be Gish hackers or if he could say a few words about his patches :
I had already been waiting for some time for the code to be released .
So it was a great joy to finally see the post appear on Cryptic Sea 's blog .
On top of that , it was a great surpise to find out that someone ( Sebastian ) had already put the code on GitHub , which is a great site for sharing and collaborating with ( open - source ) code by using git as the version control system .
I only had a little bit of experience with the site , so it was nice to have another ' guinea pig project ' to try it out some more .
Also , any change I would make could be easily used by anyone else .
Compiling in Windows
Sebastian had already done some work to make it easily compilable in Linux , but since I like my Windows development - environment better I made a project - file for Visual Studio which can be used to compile Gish in Windows .
It did require me to figure out which libraries Gish uses and where I could download the right ones , but in the end that all worked out pretty well .
Workings of Gish
To describe what I 've changed to the code I need to give some background of how the Gish - body , called ' Tarboy ' in code , works .
I know Tarboy is officially called Gish , but to get a better distinction between the game and the character , I 'm going to use Tarboy to refer to the character from here .
Tarboy consists of 16 particles .
A particle is a point that can collide with the objects in the game and therefore has a position , velocity ( speed with direction ) and mass .
Pairs of particles within Tarboy are held together by ' bonds ' .
There are different kinds of bonds used within the whole game , but you can compare the bonds within Tarboy to springs .
Tarboy springs illustrated .
Tarboy springs illustrated .
I 've enabled test - mode in Gish and made the screenshot above to illustrate how the bonds connect to the particles .
You can see that each particle has 5 bonds : 1 to the opposite particle , 2 to it 's neighboring particles and 2 to it 's neighbor 's neighbor ( if you get what I mean : P ) .
I think the bonds between " neighbor 's neighbors " were needed to give Tarboy some more stability so that it does n't collapse upon itself .
The changes
So now that you know how this works , my changes are rather simple .
I decrease and increase the ' desired ' size of all bonds ( read springs ) , so that it pulls the particles inward or pushes them outward respectively .
After doing so , Tarboy could grow and shrink , which was already really cool .
What it did n't do though was crushing enemies more easily when Tarboy was bigger , you 'd presume it would also be heavier .
For this I 've also changed the mass of the particles the same way as I did for the sizes of the bonds .
Setting these values did not work all that well : when you changed size and pressed the ' heavy - button ' the values would be overwritten .
So I 've added a gravityscale and used that in the physics - simulation , a somewhat dirty solution , but I had no intention of doing it the ' clean ' way .
All in all the changes were only around 30 lines of code .
The hardest part was getting to know the code to find where and what to change to get the behaviour I wanted .
Many thanks to Cryptic Sea for opensourcing Gish and many thanks to Sebastian for putting it on Github and starting a collaborative community around the code !
You can get the binaries for Windows here to play with this hack yourself .
Linux users can get the code and use ' make ' .
A senior Taliban commander disguised as a woman was killed by Afghan and international forces after he opened fire with a pistol and tried to throw a grenade south of the capital , Kabul .
NATO reported a U.S. soldier died in a roadside bomb attack Saturday in southern Afghanistan , and a small explosion detonated in an area that houses foreign embassies and government offices in Kabul the same day , but caused no casualties .
The troop death brought to 85 the number of international service members killed so far in June , already the deadliest month of the nearly nine - year - old war .
The figure includes at least 51 Americans .
Intelligence sources tracked the senior Taliban commander , Ghulam Sakhi , to a compound Friday night in Puli Alam district in Logar province , south of the capital , NATO said Saturday .
Afghan forces used a loudspeaker to call for women and children to leave the building .
Grenade wounded woman , 2 children
" As they were exiting , Sakhi came out with the group disguised in women 's attire and pulled out a pistol and a grenade and shot at the security force , " according to statement released by the coalition .
" When Afghan and coalition forces shot him , he dropped the grenade and it detonated , wounding a woman and two children . "
NATO said Sakhi , who is known by several aliases , was involved in roadside bombings and ambushes throughout the province , and he kidnapped and killed an Afghan government intelligence chief there .
Abdul Ghafar Sayedzada , head of the criminal investigation unit of the Kabul police , said the explosion in the capital was caused by a small bomb placed on the engine of a government vehicle .
The driver of the car , used by the Afghan National Army , was arrested .
The front of the vehicle was damaged , but no one was wounded , he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A huge blaze has swept through a shanty town outside the Philippines capital , destroying hundreds of homes and leaving thousands of people homeless .
Two hundred fire engines were sent to fight the flames in the Quezon City slum , outside Manila , reports said .
Firefighters were beaten back as the blaze spread swiftly , fanned by strong winds and intense summer heat .
At least one man is thought to have died , and several firefighters were injured .
The fire , which started on Sunday afternoon , was still burning at nightfall .
Firefighters struggled to penetrate the dense network of alleys in the slum , which were crowded with people trying to salvage their belongings .
" We failed to save anything except our clothes , " a weeping resident , Glen Sardon , told the Associated Press news agency .
As many as 600 homes were feared destroyed in the blaze and up to 7,000 residents left homeless , it was reported .
iTunes App Store Wie Apple Inhalte zensiert
Brüste , Politikerwitze und bissige Glossen : Apple hat das Recht , iPhone - Anwendungen zu sperren , die Nutzern missfallen könnten .
Die Entscheidung treffen Apple - Sittenwächter - Kritiker nennen einige Entscheidungen überzogen oder schlicht nicht nachvollziehbar .
The larger scope of the story explores the gun trade to Africa that takes place under the covers -- Russian pilots fly guns into Africa , then fly fish back out to Europe .
The hazards and consequences of this trade are explored , including the pan-African violence propagated by constant flow of weapons into the continent .
If it is a " survival of the fittest " world , as Darwin concluded , then the capitalist interests that fund the gun runners are climbing the evolutionary ladder on the backs of the Africans in this stark Darwinian example .
Much like the foreseeable extinction of the Lake Victoria perch , and death of Lake Victoria itself , the Africans are in grave jeopardy , even as they survive in the only ways they know how .
Written by Erin Willis < erindive@yahoo.com >
" Hell , " says PJ Hahn , the man at the very tip of the sharp end of America 's oil spill disaster , " we 're under siege here .
If somebody was breaking into your house , would you get on the phone to friends and neighbours to discuss it ?
You 'd shoot the sonofabitch .
It 's that simple . "
Blond - haired , blue - eyed , cowboy - booted – and very direct – PJ has what may be the toughest job of all in the Gulf of Mexico right now .
He is personally responsible for preventing the oil that is pouring out of the shattered Deepwater Horizon well from devastating his Louisiana coastal community , which is smack on the front line .
And his frustration with bureaucracy hindering what he judges the right aggressive response has begun to reach boiling point , for he tells me without even pausing for breath : " If I were king , I would have two offices , the department of thinking outside the box , and the department of common sense , and I would throw everyone else out of there ! "
PJ is director of coastal zone management for Plaquemines parish – a parish in Louisiana being the equivalent of a county in the other American states – with Plaquemines being the area of the bottom 70 miles of the Mississippi Delta , where the mighty river flows into the Gulf .
A hundred miles across , most of Plaquemines is marshland , but marshland of enormous economic and ecological importance , as it is the nursery for the fish , shrimp and oysters that sustain the state 's whopping seafood industry , and is also the winter refuge for hundreds of thousands of ducks and geese that arrive from all over America .
Furthermore , it is an essential protective zone for New Orleans , just to the north , when tropical storms and hurricanes blow in .
It is known as " the speedbump for New Orleans " .
In the past few days the oil , which seven weeks ago began pouring from BP 's crippled seabed well 40 miles out , has finally started to come ashore in quantity , and Plaquemines is where it has made landfall .
It has begun to collect on the beaches of the barrier islands just off the marshes on either side of the Mississippi , leading to the pictures of desperately oiled birds that have gone round the world , and it is beginning to seep into the marshes themselves .
PJ Hahn has feared for weeks that this would happen , as he has held a key concern from early on : the protective booms were not working .
The long floating barricades that are meant to hold back oil on the water were insufficient in this case , because there are enormous quantities of oil under the water , which are getting through .
But PJ has had a plan : to constrict big sand berms ( man- made ridges ) just outside the barrier islands where the oil can be allowed to wash ashore and then easily removed .
The scheme , for 20 miles of berms , is beginning this weekend ; it will cost $ 240 m ( £ 170 m ) , which BP will pay ; it will take a month to complete .
Yet it has taken a month to obtain permission for it , from all the agencies that have had to be consulted , and the very thought of this delay sets PJ 's cold blue eyes on fire .
" It should n't take a month to get a permit !
We need this stuff to start happening now , we do n't have time to wait .
This is waiting , right here , " – and he jabs his finger down on a photo of a dead brown pelican he took on Sunday , a bird so obscenely dolloped in crude oil that it looked like it was part of a stew .
He is a stocky , young - looking 54 with a flashing smile , a former policeman from San Antonio , Texas , where he got his love of cowboy boots .
He has 25 pairs .
( " I guess I'm the Imelda Marcos of the boot world . " )
He gives off a sort of furious energy .
Divorced with two daughters , he has been running coastal defence for Plaquemines since 2007 , and had an enormous job on his plate long before the oil spill came along , which was – and is – to ward off the effects of another Hurricane Katrina , the August 2005 storm which was America 's costliest natural disaster and killed nearly 2,000 people .
For the last seven weeks he has been working 20 hours a day on the spill , watching in dismay as the commercial and sport fisheries of Plaquemines have been shut down , and watching with anxiety as the oil has approached his marshes .
" It 's the life for the whole coast .
Everything starts in the marsh , the micro-organisms , the small fish , the shrimp , the oysters , all are born or created in the marsh , then they move out to sea , and that 's the first source for what you have out in the ocean .
Fifty per cent of all the nation 's seafood comes from Plaquemines parish and 75 per cent of the nation 's migratory wildfowl pass through here .
These are some of the most productive marshes in the country .
But the problem we have is that you can go and clean the beaches very easily in Mississippi , in Alabama and Florida , but you can't clean the marshes . "
He pauses and says : " You do n't wish it on anybody , but the bottom line is this : if the oil ends up on a beach in Mississippi , you get a big digger , scrape off the first layer , hump in some new fresh sand , and everybody 's in bathing suits next day .
It do n't work that way for a marsh . "
PJ spent most of last weekend looking at what the oil was already doing to the wildlife , observing not only pelicans and other birds being overwhelmed by it but other creatures as small as hermit crabs and as big as porpoises .
He is seized by the images and the memories , and as soon as I walked into his office in Belle Chasse he took me by the arm and led me to the computer screen and went through his photos , which ranged from pelican chicks oiled in the nest by their oiled parents , to fish which had jumped up through the oil and were floating on top of it .
" The scary thing is , the oil is even worse under the water , " he said .
" It 's travelling below the surface as well , " and he recounted how a photographer who was with him had jumped into what he thought was water and became stuck in oil which from the surface was not visible .
Since the spill began , PJ and his staff have been trying to keep the oil at bay by diverting some of the massive flow of fresh water from the Mississippi into the marshlands on either side of the river , but this has already caused a dilemma with the oysters , which will die if their environment is not sufficiently saline .
" Do you want the fresh water in there killing them , or do you want the oil ? " he said grimly .
He has no faith in BP 's ability to cap the well from above – in fact he has little faith in BP at all , saying " They 've lied to us from day one " – and thinks only a relief well drilled in at an angle will end the spill .
But this will take until August , if it is not delayed further by the hurricane season , so he thinks a lot more oil is on the way , much of it beneath the surface – hence the need for the sand berms .
They are going ahead now .
But the delay in sanctioning them , caused by the necessity for various US government agencies to agree , has left him incensed .
" If we had started this a month ago , we could have stopped the oil that 's come in here right now , " he said .
" We had a conference call and I was so angry , I was so outraged , that I started cursing – I thought my assistant had left my phone on mute .
" The bottom line is , this is an emergency , yet we 've spent all this time just aiming !
We need to start shooting ! "
Detroit Red Wings offer Evgeny Ryasensky a contract ( Photo © hcneftekhimik.ru )
Detroit Red Wings offered 23 - years - old defenseman Evgeny Ryasensky a contract .
As reported by Sovietskiy Sport , he will move to Detroit in September to skate at the Wings ’ training camp .
Ryasensky is a physical player who likes to hit and has decent offensive abilities .
He was a key part of Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk ’s surprize run in the latest KHL playoffs , even if he did n’t score any point .
Later after the season he skated with Team Russia at the Swedish Hockey Games , the last stage of the Euro Hockey Tour , in which he was named tournament ’s best defenseman , but he did n’t make the cut for the 2010 WC in Germany .
Ryasensky : “ I ’ve talked with my North American agent and through him Detroit offered me to play for them .
And so in September I ’ll go to the USA and report to the training camp .
I think at the same time I ’ll sign a contract with the team .
I think that in the NHL I can grew up to my hundred percent , because of the small ice and the constant physical play – this fits my game .
I ’m not afraid of spending a part of the season in the AHL . ”
Translation by RussianHockeyFans.com
I ’m getting bored of this fort .
It ’s slow , nothing interesting has happened in a while , and the new nobles are always demanding things I do n’t have , like trifle pewter and crystal glass items .
It would be more interesting if the fortress died a natural death , but I think that euthanisation is my only option here .
I have just finished the construction of a doomsday bowl located high above the fortress .
And now to fill it with magma …
The giant bowl balances unevenly on a stone support so tiny that it makes me cringe every time I see it .
I do n’t have a way to take a screenshot of a multi-Z - level object , so I drew it instead :
( I have n’t mentioned it before , but that little maze there is full of retractable spikes .
I ’ve never actually had the opportunity to use it on a goblin horde . )
I decided to make a huge stone bowl rather than just pouring magma into the fort , because this way , the heavy walls will smash through multiple floors of the fortress , enabling the magma to spread throughout , rather than just flowing down the main staircase harmlessly .
The tiny support is linked to a lever in the control room .
I need only to give the order , and the whole fort will crumble into fiery chaos .
Can you guess which one is the doomsday lever ?
If this story inspired you , with Peter Tyson 's new book .
First Solar is on the minds of most everyone in the solar industry .
Vinod Khosla speaks of First Solar 's performance in his recent piece in GTM .
The CEO of CIGS PV vendor MiaSolé , Joseph Laia , has a First Solar panel in a nearby office as a bit of competitive inspiration .
The CEO of Abound Solar , Tom Tiller and Solexant 's CEO , Damoder Reddy , ( both working with CdTe ) also have First Solar in mind as a target .
Even stealthy firms like Alta Devices have to keep abreast of where First Solar is headed .
And no wonder -- the First Solar roadmap for module efficiency , capex , throughput and even Energy Payback Time are aggressive and the benchmarks against which most solar firms will have to hold themselves .
( First Solar does have a few doubters such as the author of " Why I'm Short First Solar . " )
First Solar 's Rafi Garabedian , Director of Disruptive Technologies , spoke at a recent OIDA event in Santa Clara , California and reviewed the First Solar roadmap out to 2014 .
Here are some of the numbers :
2014 roadmap goal of 52 cents per watt at the panel level -- accomplished through efficiency gains and improvements in throughput
14 % module efficiency in 2014
Capex at 65 cents per watt factory capacity .
Garabedian explained that First Solar sees the solar industry currently in a " transition market " where we are dependent on subsidies and compete against peak power plants .
They believe that if they achieve their roadmap numbers -- we can move from the " transition market " to a " sustainable market " and compete directly with baseload power .
Other numbers from First Solar
It takes only 2.5 hours for the factory to go from glass to module
2012 production capacity will be 2 gigawatts
Energy Payback Time ( EPBT ) is .
65 .8 years ( EPBT includes manufacturing and installation ) .
Garabedian challenged the silicon guys to lower their silicon consumption to keep up with the First Solar EPBT .
. 8 years ( EPBT includes manufacturing and installation ) .
Garabedian challenged the silicon guys to lower their silicon consumption to keep up with the First Solar EPBT .
Q1 conversion efficiency was 11.1 percent , Q1 manufacturing cost was 81 cents per watt , Q1 revenue was $ 568 million
Garabedian said , " What looks disruptive to a VC might not look disruptive to us . "
Tools and tips for the discerning programmer
A Palestinian was shot and injured by Egyptian forces while trying to illegally cross into the country from the Gaza Strip , an Egyptian security official said on Saturday .
Open gallery view A Palestinian woman and her daughter arrive at the Rafah border crossing in the southern Gaza Strip hoping to cross into Egypt on June 1 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
The man managed to escape back into Gaza despite his injuries , the source , who declined to be named , told the German Press Agency DPA .
Some Palestinians have attempted to enter Egypt , since Israel imposed a blockade on Gaza when the Palestinian Hamas movement took control of the enclave in 2007 .
Egypt reopened its border with Gaza on June 1 , following the deadly raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla by Israeli forces .
Although Egypt has occasionally opened the Rafah border for three or four - day periods , the latest opening is the first for an indefinite time .
Access is however limited to Palestinians who need medical help and students who study abroad .
Around 13,000 Palestinians have crossed the border and tons of medical and humanitarian aid has also been driven into the enclave .
In recent months , Egypt has been criticized for building an underground barrier beneath the border , in a bid to curb the number of smugglers ' tunnels between Rafah and the Gaza Strip .
Just when you thought it was safe to go snapping ...
City of London Police prove they still have n't got the memo .
Yesterday , it was the turn of Grant Smith to feel the heavy hand of the law .
Smith is a professional photographer .
On Monday he was looking for a location on London Wall appropriate to a portrait of one of the architects responsible for the City ’s changing skyline .
He went to One Aldermanbury Square , where an altercation with a security guard followed .
The security guard asserted that Smith could not take photos of the building .
Smith pointed out that the security guard was wrong .
The police were called .
Initially , Smith was relieved : on a previous occasion , the intervention of the local police had led to support for Smith and he had been allowed to carry on with his job .
Not this time .
According to Smith , four officers arrived , followed by a police van with flashing lights .
He was detained , he claims , under Section 44 ( 2 ) of the Terrorism Act 2000 .
This controversial law permits police to stop any individual for the purpose of preventing terrorism .
While police officers acting under this section do not require reasonable grounds for a search , they may do so where there are grounds for suspecting the photography is linked to terrorist activity .
That said , the Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) has in recent months made it clear that photographers are not fair game for random stop and search .
In a strongly worded statement , Chief Constable Andy Trotter , chairman of ACPO 's media advisory group stated : " Everyone ... has a right to take photographs and film in public places .
Taking photographs ... is not normally cause for suspicion and there are no powers prohibiting the taking of photographs , film or digital images in a public place . "
This message appears not to have been passed on to City of London Police , who continue to use s44 in gung ho fashion to hunt down evil photographers , long after other forces have started to adopt a gentler approach to the subject .
Despite Smith explaining to PC374 , who took the lead in what followed , that he was taking photos as part of his job , the police were not satisfied .
According to Smith , PC374 said : " The very fact you were here at all is the reason we ’ve stopped you . "
He says he was then restrained forcibly by another officer , PC29 , while the first officer went through his pockets , removing his camera and mobile phone .
Smith ’s description of events suggest the police action was intrusive and intimidatory , with officers cheered by his discomfiture , both mental and physical .
He claims : " PC [ 374 ] went through my pannier , flipping through personal notebooks , gingerly peeking in a plastic bag that contained a towel and swimmers , still wet from my earlier swim .
He located my wallet , and pulled out my drivers licence with obvious glee .
Each time I attempted to move PC29 ’s grip on my arms became firmer . "
For many people hoping for a future with less greenhouse gases and less environmental damage this focus on renewable energies might sound like a step in the right direction ; for those who want low cost energy , maybe less so .
But what both sides of the discussion forget is something quite simple : an energy future without fossil fuels will eventually arrive , and there is no way to extend current energy usage patterns and delivery systems into the future .
In a nutshell : our current plans will fail .
Let 's explore why that is .
On June 15 , 2010 , when U.S. President Obama responded to the dramatic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico during his Oval Office speech , he not only included the list of things the government wants to do about the imminent problem , but also urged the country to " transition away from fossil fuels " and to " jump start the clean energy industry " .
His pledge is in line with many of his predecessors , and with other leaders around the world , who for years now have supported renewable energy technologies .
This is particularly true in Europe , where installed capacity for renewables has grown significantly during the past ten years .
And even the U.S. - while slow in introducing renewable electricity technologies - to date has produced a significant amount of alternative fuels primarily through the mandatory addition of ethanol to gasoline .
Editor 's note : Below is a guest post from Hannes Kunz , President of Institute for Integrated Economic Research ( IIER ) .
Hannes has a PhD in Economics from St. Gallen University and resides in Zurich Switzerland .
IIER , is a non-profit organization that integrates research from three different areas : the financial / economic system , energy and natural resources , and human behavior .
Their objective is to aid policymakers in developing strategies that result in more benign trajectories after global growth ends .
Hannes is also a friend and co-author of two papers with me , ( pub. pending ) , ' Net Energy and Time ' , and ' Net Energy and Variability ' .
The Fake Fire Brigade - How We Cheat Ourselves about our Energy Future
A comment to begin with : IIER is a research organization trying to neutrally assess the situation of our societies , and with that , find out what strategies work and which ones do not .
By no means are we trying to promote or discourage any specific energy alternative , and we have no vested interest in anything else than stable future energy supplies .
What you read below is the result of years of thorough analysis and research .
When we began , we were completely neutral towards any particular solution and technology , and our only aim was to understand the implications of various energy scenarios on the future of our societies .
Now , we have an opinion .
The longer straw - the future of fossil fuels ( and most other resources )
The future of fossil fuels , particularly of oil , but also many other resources including water and minerals , looks problematic .
People keep discussing proven reserves and whether peak oil already has arrived or not .
Unfortunately , we will only be able to put this argument to rest in hindsight .
But what is more important is the fact that - no matter how much additional oil we can still retrieve - future barrels will be much more difficult to extract relative to the past .
Fig 1 .
The mile - long glass
Drilling a hole in the desert and waiting for black gold to gush out is infinitely less complex than drilling a much deeper hole 5000 feet under water , as the public is now painfully beginning to understand .
Many experts agree that we probably have used about 40 - 50 % of recoverable oil .
It is difficult to prove such numbers , but we may for a minute assume that this is true .
For pessimists , this makes our glass half empty .
For optimists , it remains half full .
This has been the exact argument the energy community has been having , to little avail , so let ’s play with that analogy some more : our oil reserves can be compared with a 1 mile deep glass full of our favorite drink .
Getting the first sips is easy .
Whenever we are thirsty , we lower a straw into the fluid and drink as much as we like .
After a while , that straw might become too short , so we have to find a longer one .
Not really a problem .
We might even get better at making straws for a while .
And so it continues .
But once we are half a mile down into this huge glass , the straw will be so long that one might need help to even hold it , and we will most likely require help to suck hard enough to make the fluid come all the way up .
What has happened ?
We still have half of our favorite drink left , but the efforts to get to it are becoming increasingly painful , significantly diminishing the net benefit of that next sip .
And so we might ( have to ) give up drinking long before the glass is empty , just because its too difficult to get at the fluid in a meaningful way , and because the effort of sucking eventually exceeds the benefit and joy from each sip .
The concept behind our " mile - long glass " analogy unfortunately applies to almost every raw material and energy source we are currently using .
The more we have extracted , the more difficult it becomes to get to the next unit .
Our organization ( IIER ) looks at this phenomenon using the term " Resource Return on Energy Investment " ( RREI ) , which is based on established approaches used for Energy Returns on ( Energy ) Investment ( EROI ) .
It describes the amount of effort ( energy ) needed to get one unit of a resource we want to extract .
To extract the next unit , our effort typically increases compared to the past , as we have mostly exploited the easy finds and must pursue the ones that are further away , harder to get , more difficult to secure politically , or any such combination .
Over time , this increasing effort makes the production less and less useful to societies .
Or to use our drinking straw example : at one point sucking out more from that glass exhausts us so much ( e.g. the energy invested per sip becomes so big ) that we will have to stop our effort and turn to something else , or - if there is no equivalent alternative - drink less .
When looking at RREI , almost all resources currently used in human processes show declines .
Less " easy oil " means that we have to drill in hostile environments deep under the surface of oceans , lower ore grades mean that we have to move four times as much rock to extract the same amount of copper when compared to a couple of decades ago , and the depletion of groundwater sources translates to getting drinking water from desalination plants or from fossil ( non-renewable ) aquifers far away , at much higher energy cost .
This decline in easily extractable resources and the increased effort to retrieve them is much more important than the exact year when peak production of a particular resource actually occurs .
It is today 's reality , and helps explain why we are drilling at the bottom of the ocean at depths where no human being could survive for even a second .
Renewable energies - the fake fire brigade
So while some have n’t really recognized that we will soon run into serious problems from traditional fossil fuels , others are already preparing a “ brighter future ” , which will bring independence from coal , oil and gas , with far lower carbon dioxide emissions to boot .
In many European countries , thanks to subsidies and purchasing guarantees , large amounts of renewable electricity generation capacity has been built during the last decade , and in the U.S. , corn based ethanol now has a government - mandated share of up to 10 % in fuel gasoline .
But let us not fool ourselves : during those 10 years , despite all the relative successes , renewable energies ( including hydropower ) grew by far less compared to the global increase in total energy consumption .
Overall , our global energy delivery system continues to be as dependent on fossil fuels as ever before , or even more so .
On top of that , even those renewable technologies are mostly based on fossil fuel inputs , which are either used during the manufacturing of the equipment , or even during production and processing ( e.g. biofuels ) .
Fig 2 . Biofuels ( red ) vs. crude oil ( gray ) consumption in the U.S. ( EIA )
One of IIER ’s key objectives is to understand what the future of energy delivery systems will look like .
We know that we will have to face a future with less and ultimately no fossil fuels .
The question remains how to prepare for this eventuality .
Most technological optimists believe that this challenge can be met with some combination of biofuels , renewable electricity generation technologies , electric cars , smart grids , and many other investments .
However , when we examine these technologies more closely , none of these so - called “ solutions ” come close to providing any relief , quite the contrary .
Fig 3 . Growth of Renewable ( incl. hydro power ) vs. Fossil Fuel Generation 1981 -2007 ( EIA )
As Robert Rapier , a well - respected energy analyst , puts it : “ We are running out of traditional energy sources , which can be compared to our house being on fire .
While that happens , many people linger around the burning building and pretend to be firemen , mimicking their actions , carrying some equipment , shouting commands - but actually they have no real water , no real skills , no appropriate tools .
That way your house will burn to the ground because the “ real ” firemen never showed up , as everybody thinks there are more than enough firemen on site . ”
This is exactly what it is : when taking a closer look , most - almost all - of the renewable energy technologies promoted today wo n't solve any of our future energy problems .
Let ’s get into the details using two examples .
Renewable electricity generation , and biofuels .
In order to keep this article halfway short , we will only make the general case , but we are happy to back up our claims with hard facts .
The future of electricity – a shaky one
Today ’s electricity grids are key building blocks of modern civilizations .
Advanced economies depend on the reliable and discretionary delivery of power to every single socket .
Our way of living , which includes the ability to read this article , would n’t be possible without .
Unfortunately , delivering stable electricity poses a significant challenge to grid operators , as energy production and consumption in any moment need to be matched explicitly .
Storage is expensive , technologically complex , and always incurs losses , which is why power grids have become the perfect example of just - in - time supply chains .
Whenever there is growing demand , additional power generation capacity comes online within seconds , and likewise , falling demand leads to the immediate withdrawal of an equal amount of generation capacity .
Fig 4 . Electricity Availability versus GDP per capita
Having access to stable power grids seems to be positively correlated with economic output as IIER's EAI ( Electricity Availability Index ) shows .
It is based on availability ( percent of population with access to electricity ) and reliability ( number and duration of blackouts ) .
When looking at the chart , it becomes obvious that it seems almost impossible for a country to arrive at a per-capita GDP significantly above US $ 10'000 ( 2007 dollars , adjusted for purchasing power parity ) in environments where electricity is n't a stable and reliable commodity .
When thinking about it , this is n't so surprising , as most industrial and commercial processes require stable electricity in large quantities , and its absence simply makes many things impossible .
Right now , all our electricity delivery systems are almost fully controlled from the supply - side , i.e. no usage restrictions apply , which is why we benefit so much .
Customers do n’t have to pre-order a certain amount of electricity before they can turn on a machine , a computer , or start cooking , but instead just do so , mostly oblivious to the fact that someone somewhere in a grid operations center will turn on a gas turbine , or let some water flow downstream , just because we flip a switch .
A preliminary analysis conducted by IIER shows that less than 10 % of electricity demand can theoretically be supply - controlled without severely impacting societies .
Computers , machines , air conditioners , stoves and ovens , and most other industrial and household devices are those things we want to use when we need them .
But even where grid operators theoretically could shift certain electricity uses to off - peak times without disrupting our lives , this comes at the significant price of introducing a smart grid infrastructure , and new devices capable of being controlled remotely .
Another fake fireman .
Thus , no matter how hard we try , electricity systems will continue to rely mostly on supply side adjustments .
Today , this is manageable , because most sources are either providing steady power flows ( such as coal , nuclear or run - of - river hydro power plants ) or then they are mostly controllable ( such as gas fired power plants or hydropower from dammed water pools ) .
With that mix of inputs , electricity on demand becomes possible for most advanced economies .
Additions of wind and solar power over the last decade introduced renewable electricity generation technologies into the grid .
Those two sources have none of the above qualities : they neither provide steady flows , nor are they controllable .
“ No wind ” means " no power " , so does “ no sunshine ” , and even sharing across long - distances using high voltage DC ( HVDC ) transmission lines wo n’t change that fact , due to the stochastic nature of the inputs .
Potentially crippling power outages will happen regularly in societies that rely on large percentages of these technologies to meet their electricity demand .
With that , the current system of just - in - time electricity delivery would be replaced by one with irregular service interruptions .
And yet there are plans made worldwide suggesting that we can produce 20 , 30 or 50 % of our future electricity consumption from those two sources .
This is self - deception at best , and a lie at worst , as it is simply impossible to manage delivery systems where both inputs and outputs are largely uncontrollable , irrespective of other features added .
What is important here : we ’re not talking about a future where renewable energies supplement fossil fuel based electricity systems like they do today .
Given sufficient backup generation systems powered by fossil fuels , a larger penetration of renewable electricity is definitely possible , and might reduce carbon dioxide production and other externalities , albeit at a horribly high cost .
However , these types of add - in systems fail to break our dependence on fossil fuels and do n’t prove that we can deliver stable electricity in a world where renewable sources supply a majority of inputs into electricity grids .
If that was the objective , we should be honest and just build some wind turbines and match them with gas fired generation capacity for low - wind times , instead of talking about long distance transmission , smart grids , and other technologies that despite their cost do n't have the potential to secure the basic objective : stable power at any time .
Someone in the renewable electricity world would probably argue that this is where storage can play an important role .
Unfortunately , again , this is more self - deception .
Right now , storage that balances renewable sources comes from the flexibility of other stock - based supplies , such as natural gas and hydropower .
They can be turned off when the wind blows , and turned on when it stops .
The reason why this works is because renewables have such a small market share and often use much larger backup systems .
Denmark for example operates its heavily wind - based electricity system with the backing of comparably huge hydro power plants in Norway and Sweden , an approach which unfortunately is n't scalable globally .
Not many countries have neighbors with flexible energy generation capacity ten times their own , and that is about what is needed to buffer the huge long - term variability of renewable electricity generation .
Fig 5 : Annualized gaps and surpluses from wind ( UK simulation )
So let ’s for a minute assume that the United Kingdom - one of the world 's " best " places to generate electricity from wind - runs on 20 % wind power as planned in the least ambitious scenarios currently promoted , and that standby natural gas power plants become no longer available to bridge supply gaps .
Some say that ELVs ( electric cars ) could provide the necessary storage capacity .
We did the maths : the total annual output from wind in a 20 % scenario for England and Wales would amount to approximately 64 TWh ( 20 % of total current demand ) .
After modeling a nationwide wind turbine network using the best 50 locations ( we even included Scotland ) , we calculated the necessary storage to bridge the largest possible supply gap ( e.g. when the wind does n’t blow for a number of days ) and found that Britain in 2009 would have needed 96.5 million battery operated electric cars with 40 kWh batteries each fully available for storage , e.g. no longer ready to be driven .
For comparison : 28.5 million private vehicles are currently registered in the UK .
The problem here is that wind patterns do n't just include short term ups and downs , but instead do involve long periods with very little wind , and then long periods with a lot .
Unfortunately , this pattern is n't even predictable year - over - year .
Buffering those resources is not something that can be managed with storage , no matter how large .
Another fake fireman .
The truth about electricity is simple , surprising and daunting : with the most promising renewable technologies - wind and solar - irrespective of expensive supplements being added , electricity systems as we know them today will not be able to operate .
But instead of putting efforts towards finding real solutions , we are spending billions , likely even trillions , of dollars and Euros on technologies that cannot and will not work in the way we expect them to .
Again , as a reminder : this is not an argument to defend the way we currently produce electricity , but a strong encouragement to research how we might get reliable power to our ubiquitous sockets without fossil fuels providing the major part .
And for those who now suggest to go for a nuclear option : irrespective of any argument about long - term risk , this technology too has a number of downsides , among them the inability to control output according to demand , relatively high cost , and a high dependence on fossil fuels both for the construction of plants and the mining of uranium .
And last , but not least , the fact that uranium too , is a non-renewable resources , subject to the fact that we will eventually arrive at the limits of meaningfully extractable material ( e.g. the ones offering an attractive RREI ) - particularly if we plan on scaling up nuclear power to replace other fuels .
Combustion fuels – headaches all over
The other big challenge ahead lies in fuels used for transportation and heating , mainly in oil .
This is the place where scarcity is most apparent , as described above .
We would n’t try to drill in deep water or extract oil from shales if it was n’t for the inability to find and explore easier and cheaper sources .
What this has done , at a minimum , is lifted the cost of oil to above 70 US $ a barrel , about three times its inflation - adjusted long - term average price .
This is not because of speculation , as some claim , but just because it costs 60 - 70 US $ to extract those least attractive sources .
Thus , we truly have to start thinking about alternative ways to move our cars , trucks , planes and even tractors .
Fig 6 . Fossil fuel inputs into Biofuels
The easy way out would be electric vehicles , but after reading the above paragraph on electricity , this might not be an entirely safe bet .
And that does n't even take into account the still existing technology and cost problems with battery technology .
One of the many challenges of a number of renewable energy technologies is that they are themselves heavily dependent on fossil fuel inputs .
This is true for raw material extraction and manufacturing of solar panels , wind turbines and other things , but even more so for many so called “ green ” fuels .
Significant inputs to the production process of biofuels - for example of corn based ethanol - come in the form of oil ( fuels , pesticides ) , coal ( electricity ) or natural gas ( fertilizer ) .
This has two consequences : first , it does n't break our dependence from fossil fuels and second , as fossil fuels become more expensive , so do these " alternatives " .
However , one of the biggest challenges of all renewable ( green ) fuels is their limited availability .
There simply is n't enough biomass potential in any Western society to produce a sufficient amount of non-fossil combustion fuels that could meaningfully replace what fossil fuels we use .
Fig 7 : Biofuel parameter comparison
Brazil , which is often used as the poster - child of biofuels production and use , provides a stark reminder that building an oil - independent society with biomass - based transportation fuels is nothing but a dream .
In 2008 , Brazil produced ( and mostly consumed ) approximately 163.5 million barrels of ethanol .
In the same year , the country consumed 907 million barrels of crude oil .
Given the lower energy content in ethanol ( 3.53 MBtu per barrel vs. 5.8 MBtu for oil ) , biofuels had a share of not more than 9.9 % of the two , while crude oil provided 90.1 % of the total energy in liquid fuels .
So much for Brazil running on renewable biomass .
But that is just the beginning : when taking into account that Brazil is an emerging economy , and one of the least densely populated countries , the problem becomes even more obvious .
With approximately 0.51 BOE ( barrels of oil equivalent ) per capita , the U.S. produced about exactly as much biofuel per person as Brazil did ( 0.52 BOE / capita ) .
The only difference was that overall consumption of oil and biofuels together was 4.6 times larger in the U.S. when compared to Brazil , and twice as large in Europe ( EU - 27 ) .
Europe however , has yet another handicap limiting its ability to go for biomass .
It has about 3.6 times as many people per square kilometer than the U.S. , and about 5 times as many as Brazil , which constrains the continent 's ability to grow enough biomass for biofuels and feed all its people at the same time .
So in a nutshell , there is no such thing as a replacement for fossil liquids coming from biofuels , instead this is just one more of those fake fire brigades .
A true plan for the future – begin from the other end
All of today ’s planning efforts take place based on today ’s energy delivery systems .
We add some renewables to the current mix and see how we can manage .
When we see that this causes problems , we respond by adding highly complex and costly bells and whistles .
Alternatively , we start introducing new technologies that will never be able to truly scale up , are in fact heavily dependent on fossil fuel inputs , or both .
We would go so far as to say that we can safely prove that more than 90 % of energy system alternatives discussed and introduced today have no potential of helping us to secure a longer term energy future .
We are thus not sure if it is a good idea to put all of society ’s efforts into fixes and add - ons to today ’s energy delivery and consumption systems , but instead we strongly recommend the development of approaches and technologies that radically break with a fossil fuel base .
The only meaningful way of looking at the future of energy delivery and application technologies would be to build energy systems based on an assumption that renewable technologies have to provide the entire amount required by our societies , and then to reshape societies so they are in line with what and how these technologies can deliver .
Only when applying this ( what is probably considered radical ) view , we would be able to model a sustainable and reliable energy future .
Once we have figured out how this can work , we may still consider how to make the best use of our remaining fossil fuels , but going the other way will just fool us into believing that we have solutions , until we recognize we do n't .
And today , to be frank , this is exactly where we are .
A lot of fake firemen are standing around a fire that is right now openly breaking out .
IIER puts substantial effort into trying to understand what energy systems could work in the long run .
But unfortunately , very few other people do so , which is something we want to change .
Instead of spending billions or even trillions on amendments that most likely wo n't help , a significant portion of these investments should go into a completely new design of our energy future .
Let 's finally bring in the real fire brigade .
Read Part II : Revisiting the Fake Fire Brigade - General Issues
Read Part III : Biomass - A Panacea ?
Read Part IV : The Biggest Part of Business as Usual - Electricity
Read Part V : Delivering Stable Electricity
Resources and links
Link -
An impressive review of past presidents ' committments regarding the U.S. energy future , by comedian Jon Stewart
Los consejeros Benito Nacif y Marco Antonio Ba�os refieren que S�nchez Mart�nez mantiene vigente sus derechos hasta que no se dicte auto de formal prisi�n en su contra , raz�n por la cual se mantiene como candidato
Video � Greg� tiene plazo para regresar a la contienda .
Gregorio Sánchez , el candidato a la gubernatura de Quintana Roo podría seguir en la contienda hasta que sea declarada su sentencia de culpabilidad , de ser así , la alianza tendría que elegir a un nuevo candidato
Ciudad de M�xico | Jueves 27 de mayo de 2010
Notimex | El Universal
16:50
The Israeli government has been forced to apologise for circulating a spoof video mocking activists aboard the Gaza flotilla , nine of who were shot dead by Israeli forces last week .
The YouTube clip , set to the tune of the 1985 charity single We Are the World , features Israelis dressed as Arabs and activists , waving weapons while singing : " We con the world , we con the people .
We 'll make them all believe the IDF ( Israel Defence Force ) is Jack the Ripper . "
It continues : " There 's no people dying , so the best that we can do is create the biggest bluff of all . "
The Israeli government press office distributed the video link to foreign journalists at the weekend , but within hours emailed them an apology , saying it had been an error .
Press office director Danny Seaman said the video did not reflect official state opinion , but in his personal capacity he thought it was " fantastic " .
Government spokesman Mark Regev said the video reflected how Israelis felt about the incident .
" I called my kids in to watch it because I thought it was funny , " he said .
" It is what Israelis feel .
But the government has nothing to do with it . "
The clip features a group led by the Jerusalem Post 's deputy managing editor Caroline Glick , wearing keffiyehs and calling themselves the Flotilla Choir .
The footage is interspersed with clips from the recent Israeli raid on the Gaza - bound aid ship , the Mavi Marmara .
The clip has been praised in Israel , where the mass - circulation daily Yediot Aharonot said the singers " defended Israel better than any of the experts " .
But Didi Remez , an Israeli who runs the liberal - left news analysis blog Coteret , said the clip was " repulsive " and reflected how out of touch Israeli opinion was with the rest of the world .
" It shows a complete lack of understanding of how the incident is being perceived abroad , " he said .
Award - winning Israeli journalist Meron Rapoport said the clip demonstrated prejudice against Muslims .
" It 's roughly done , not very sophisticated , anti-Muslim – and childish for the government to be behind such a clip , " he said .
A similar press office email was sent to foreign journalists two weeks ago , recommending a gourmet restaurant and Olympic - sized swimming pool in Gaza to highlight Israel 's claim there is no humanitarian crisis there .
Journalists who complained the email was in poor taste were told they had " no sense of humour " .
Last week , the Israel Defence Force had to issue a retraction over an audio clip it had claimed was a conversation between Israeli naval officials and people on the Mavi Marmara , in which an activist told soldiers to " go back to Auschwitz " .
The clip was carried by Israeli and international press , but today the army released a " clarification / correction " , explaining that it had edited the footage and that it was not clear who had made the comment .
The Israeli army also backed down last week from an earlier claim that soldiers were attacked by al - Qaida " mercenaries " aboard the Gaza flotilla .
An article appearing on the IDF spokesperson 's website with the headline : " Attackers of the IDF soldiers found to be al - Qaida mercenaries " , was later changed to " Attackers of the IDF Soldiers found without identification papers , " with the information about al - Qaida removed from the main article .
An army spokesperson told the Guardian there was no evidence proving such a link to the terror organisation .
While the debate over accounts of the flotilla raid continues , Israel is facing more boycotting .
In the past week , three international acts , including the US rock band the Pixies , have cancelled concerts in Tel Aviv .
Best - settling authors Alice Walker and Iain Banks have backed the boycott campaign , with Banks announcing his books wo n't be translated into Hebrew .
Dockworker unions in Sweden and South Africa have refused to handle Israeli ships , while the UK's Unite union just passed a motion to boycott Israeli companies .
• This article was amended on 7 June 2010 .
The original referred to Didi Remez as a female .
This has been corrected .
Marc Merrill , President / Executive Producer : Season
One really marks the kick - off of the competitive side of League of Legends .
Right now , we 're in what we call " pre-season . "
Pre-season is really about having our players learn the intricacies of the game , build up their accounts , and establish relationships so they can form teams .
Season
One will mean a couple of things .
One , we 're going to be introducing a bunch of important new features that players have been asking for , and that we 're really excited about -- such as ranked games , draft mode , and ladders .
And it also means that we 're going to be running and supporting a lot of leagues and tournaments , and doing a whole bunch of events focused on the competitive side of the game .
Marc Merrill :
It was actually fairly deliberate .
We looked at LoL 's launch -- and our pre-season -- as the start , not the end .
We think that LoL is still very much in its infancy .
So , our focus through beta and then through launch and through the pre-season has been on making the game extremely fun , balancing the game , growing the audience , and adding content .
We believe that for any competitive game to be successful , it requires a very large audience .
LoL has seen tremendous growth since we launched , and it 's actually grown more rapidly than we anticipated -- which has been fantastic .
One hurdle that introduced is , it required us to focus some additional resources on scaling our backend systems .
But we 're obviously really excited about it , and this will just ensure that the competitive side will be more healthy and vibrant .
Marc Merrill :
We have n't announced those [ latest ] numbers , but we 're probably going to in the relatively near future , because they 're substantial .
We 've been really excited and pleased with the game 's growth and success .
One of the coolest things , too , is that the growth has been really consistent .
When players come in and start playing LoL , a lot of them stick around , they 're thrilled at the depth of the game , and then they want to go bring in their friends to play with them .
So it 's been great .
As we 've gone broader , we 've actually grown even faster .
That 's a trend that 's generally not the case in games .
Most games start off , you get a whole bunch of people upfront , and then it slowly dies down .
Ours has been the opposite .
Tom Cadwell , Design Director : Basically , we did n't want to create a big barrier to entry .
We felt that level 20 players have most of the advantages that level 30 players do -- you can buy tier - three runes , you have all the summoner spells , and you 're accessing most of the critical masteries ( or you 're very close to them ) .
When we look at the ranking spreads for normal games , we see a lot of extremely high - rated players in the 20s .
So we decided that , hey , if you 've played to 20 , you most likely know what you 're doing , and you 're not at too much of a disadvantage .
Tom Cadwell :
No , they will be separate , because we want casual play to remain casual ; we do n't want people worrying about that .
But what we might do is relate some of your ranked ratings to other ranked ratings .
For example , three - on - three premade teams will be a different rating than five - on - five premade teams .
So we might do something where we evaluate what your best premade rating is , and use that to partially seed your new ratings , or something like that .
But we 're definitely going to keep normal games and ranked games separate .
Marc Merrill :
So , what the exclusive draft mechanic does is , it allows you to better constrain what your friends are picking .
And just for those people who do n't understand what exclusive draft is , that means if I draft Annie for my team , the other team now can't pick Annie .
By doing that , you get a greater degree of champion diversity .
As for bans , that 's for two reasons :
One is because the competitive community has been pretty strong in telling us that that 's their expectation .
But the other reason is that we think it adds to the richness and strategy of taking a good counter - team to your opponents , and kind of getting inside of their heads and figuring out what their strategy is going to be .
Marc Merrill : Yeah , that 's a great point -- and we 're actually going to be adding additional rune pages prior to the launch of Season One , precisely to avoid situations like that .
Tom Cadwell : Yeah , we thought about it .
We ultimately chose not to do it because , first of all , there are a lot fewer summoner spells than there are champions .
We were worried that you might just see people blanket - banning certain survival summoner skills and shutting out a key component to a lot of what people are playing , like Smite for a Warwick player on Twisted Treeline or something .
Or going after Cleanse or Flash , for example -- although we 're probably going to remove Flash pretty soon here , and see how that goes .
Tom Cadwell : Yeah ...
That will be an interesting experiment .
It 'll either go very well or very poorly .
Our initial tests show that it will probably be a lot better .
In terms of competitive strategy games , League of Legends is one of the biggest things to hit PCs ( and , soon , Macs ) in a long time .
The spiritual successor to the wildly popular five - on - five Warcraft III : Defense of the Ancients scenario has experienced rapid growth since its October 2009 launch -- and later this summer , developer Riot Games is rolling out a bevy of new features and enhancements to usher in LoL 's long - awaited competitive ladder .
I recently chatted with Riot president / executive producer Marc " Tryndamere " Merrill and design director Tom " Zileas " Cadwell and got some exclusive insights about the game 's first ranked - play season , and its future as a serious competitive strategy game .
And if this is any indication , it 's a good time to be a LoL fan .
In broad terms , what 's Season One going to mean for players ?
What took so long to roll this out ?
After all , LoL 's been out for a few months now .
How many players do you have at this point , anyway ?
Well , that said , let 's dive into the big questions .
One of the interesting things I noticed in reviewing some of the Season
One notes I 've seen , is that you guys are letting everybody who 's level 20 and higher participate in ranked matches .
I just wondered , why did you decide on doing that , instead of requiring people to hit the 30 - level cap ?
When this kicks off , is everybody going to pretty much be starting over , in terms of their competitive ranking ?
Or will everyone 's initial ladder position be relative to their current casual ranking ?
Can you talk a bit about the draft features that are endemic to ranked play ?
I suspect a lot of LoL players are new to this sort of competitive structure , and I see a lot of angst on the official forums about the idea that ranked matches are going to involve character bans and whatnot .
That seems like it has the possibility of adding some unwanted complications to team selection .
If I have both of my rune pages set up for specific champions , and then one gets picked and the other gets banned , what do I do then ?
Speaking of bans , have you ever considered including a summoner spell ban ?
Wow .
That 's gonna cause some angst .
Introduction .
Why does the rightwing attack on  Big Government  increasingly resonates with working people ?
Liberals claim wage and salaried workers are acting against their self - interest , citing government welfare programs like social security and unemployment payments .
Progressives argue that workers hostile to the state are racists , fundamentalists  and / or irrational , blinded by misplaced fears of threats to individual freedoms .
I will argue there are many sound , rational , material reasons for working people to be in revolt against the state
Twenty - Two Reasons Why Working People Hate the State
1. ) Most wage and salaried workers pay disportionately higher taxes than the corporate rich and therefore , millions of Americans work in the underground economy  to make ends meet ; thus subjecting themselves to arrest , and prosecution by the state for trying to make a living by avoiding onerous taxes .
2. ) The state provides generous multi-year tax exemptions for corporations thus raising the tax rate for wage and salaried workers or eliminating vital services .
The states inequitable tax revenue policies provoke resentment , .
3. ) High taxes combined with fewer and more expensive public services , include growing costs of public higher education and higher health charges , feed popular antagonism and frustration that they and their children are being denied opportunities to get ahead and stay healthy .
4. ) Many working people resent the fact that their tax money is being spent by the state on endless distant wars and to finance bailouts of Wall Street instead of investing it in reindustrializing America to create well paying jobs or to aid unemployed or underemployed workers unable to meet mortgage payments and facing eviction or homelessness .
Most workers reject the inequitable budget expenditures that privilege the rich and deny the working people .
5. ) Working people are appalled by the states hypocrisy and double standards in prosecuting welfare cheats  for taking hundreds but overlooking corporate and banking swindlers , and Pentagon military cost overruns of hundreds of billions .
Few working people believe there is equality before the law , implicitly rejecting its claims of legitimacy .
6. ) Many working class families resent the fact that the state recruits their sons and daughters for wars , leading to death and crippling injuries instead of public service jobs , while the children of the rich and affluent pursue civilian careers .
7. ) The state subsidizes and upgrades public infrastructure  roads , parks and utilities in upper end neighborhoods while ignoring the demands for improvements of low income communities .
Moreover the state locates contaminants  incinerators , high polluting industries etc.  in close proximity to workers housing and schools .
8. ) The state holds the minimum wage below increases in the cost of living but encourages and promotes excess profits .
9. ) Law enforcement is strict in high end neighborhoods and lax in low income communities resulting in higher rates of homicides and robberies .
10 . ) State imposes constraints on labor organizations struggling to secure wages and benefits and ignores corporate intimidation and arbitrary firings of workers .
The state encourages corporate mergers and acquisitions leading to monopolies but discourages collective action from below .
11 . ) State economic institutions recruit policymakers from banks and financial houses who make decisions favoring their former employers , while wage and salaried workers are excluded and have no representation in economic policy positions .
12 . ) The state increasingly infringes on individual freedoms of social activists via the Patriot Act , arbitrary arrests , and grants impunity to police violence and punishes whistle blowers , rejecting citizen reviews with punitive powers .
13 . ) The state is highly responsive to and increases funding for the military - industrial complex , the relocation of MNC overseas and the high income Israel lobby while cutting funding for public investment in productive activity , applied technology and high tech job training for US workers and salaried employees and their children .
14 . ) State policies have increased inequalities between the top 10 % and the bottom 50 % for decades , turning the US into the industrial country with the greatest inequalities .
15 . ) State policies have led to declining living standards as wage and salary earners work longer hours with less job security , for a greater number of years before receiving pensions and social security and under greater environmental hazards .
16 . ) Elected state officials break most campaign promises to working people while fulfilling promises for the upper class / corporate banking elite .
17 . ) State officials pay greater attention and are more responsive to a few big financial contributors than to millions of voters .
18 . ) State officials are more responsive to payoffs from corporate lobbies protecting corporate profits than to the health , educational and income needs of the electorate .
19 . ) State - corporate links lead to deregulation , which results in contamination of the environment leading to the bankruptcy of small businesses and loss of many jobs , as well as the loss of recreational areas , spoiling rest and recreation for working people .
20 . ) The state increases the retirement age rather than increase the social security payments by the rich , with the result that workers in unhealthy work environments will enjoy fewer years of retirement in good health .
21 . ) The state judicial system is more likely to render favorable decisions to wealthy plaintiffs with high paid , politically connected lawyers against workers defended by inexperienced public defenders .
22 . ) State tax collectors are more likely to pursue wage and salary tax payers than upper class corporate executives employing accountants with expert knowledge in tax loopholes and tax free shelters .
Conclusion
The state in its multiple activities , whether in law enforcement , military recruitment , tax and expenditure polices , environmental , pension and retirement legislation and administration , systematically favors the upper class and corporate elite against wage , salaried and small business people .
The state is permissive with the rich and repressive of the working and salaried employees , defending the privileges of the corporations and the impunity of the police state while infringing on the individual freedoms of the working people .
State policies increasingly extract more from the workers in terms of tax revenues and provide less in social payments , while lessening tax payments from Wall Street and inflating state transfers .
Popular perceptions of a hostile and exploitative state correspond to their everyday practical experiences ; their anti-state behavior is selective and rational ; most wage and salaried workers support social security and unemployment benefits and oppose higher taxes because they know or intuit that they are unfair .
Liberal academics and experts who claim workers are irrational are themselves practioners of highly selective criticisms  pointing to ( shrinking ) state social benefits while ignoring the unjust , inequitable tax system and the biased behavior of the judicial , law enforcement , legislative and regulatory system .
State personnel , policy makers and enforcement officials are attentive to and responsive and deferential to the rich and hostile and indifferent or arrogant toward workers .
In summary the real issue is not that people are anti-state , but that the state is anti the majority of the people .
In the face of the economic crises and prolonged imperial wars , the state becomes more brazenly aggressive in slashing living standards in order to channel record levels of public funds toward Wall Street speculators and the military industrial complex .
While liberal - progressives  remain embedded in neo - keynsian statest ideology , outmoded in the face of a state thoroughly embedded in corporate networks , the New Rights anti-statest rhetoric resonates with the feelings , experiences and reasoning of important sectors of wage and salaried workers and small businesspeople .
The attempt by liberals and progressives to discredit this popular revolt against the state , by pointing to the corporate financing and rightwing manipulation behind the anti-statist movement is doomed to failure , because it fails to deal with the profound injustices experienced by working people today in their daily dealings with a state , largely administered by liberal corporate - militarists .
The absence of an anti-statist left has opened the door for the rise of a mass based  New Right .
A new left will emerge from civil society when it recognizes the pernicious exploitative role of the state , and is capable of dealing with the powerful ties between liberalism - militarism - corporate welfarism .
The revival and expansion of the debilitated public welfare programs for working people can only take place by dismantling the current state apparatus , and that depends on a complete break with both corporate parties and an agenda that revolutionizes  the way in which politics works in America .
SHE'S 16 years old and she has n't laid eyes on another human being in six months .
So , 22,200 solitary nautical miles later , Jessica Watson 's smile and wave told of her delight as she was photographed having just rounded the tip of southern Tasmania .
Yesterday via satellite phone , Jessica said she was close enough to see the pilot and photographer in the helicopter that has come the nearest of all spectators to her little boat Ella 's Pink Lady .
It was 30 nautical miles from shore and the visibility was limited by driving rain and rough seas .
" I could see a big camera lens pointed at me , " Jessica said .
" It was quite cool - the first people I have seen for more than six months now . "
Onboard the helicopter , Daily Telegraph photographer Sam Rosewarne said it took 40 minutes of searching to spot Jessica .
" It was windy and raining and there were heaps of whitecaps , " Rosewarne said .
" We had quite a time spotting her . . . she was so tiny , I could n't believe we found her . "
It was a flash of white sail on her pink boat that finally caught their attention before Jessica raced onto the deck and started waving madly .
In the past month the teenage solo sailor has triumphed over the worst trials that the notoriously dangerous waters surrounding Australia can throw at her .
Monster waves
Her boat has been knocked flat on its side three times in a fortnight , and the storms and monster 12 m waves presented dire dangers .
But she has coped with the optimism she has displayed throughout her journey - dealing with her obstacles first , and reflecting on her achievements later .
The teen admits now the trip through the Southern Ocean was a " struggle " .
" To be honest I only woke up this morning and started thinking about it all , " she said .
" I think the worst of it is always the waiting .
You hear a bad forecast and you do n't know how bad it is .
" Once you are in the thick of it you just deal with it .
" After it 's over you actually get a bit of a kick out of getting through the storm .
" It 's a sense of achievement . "
Of rounding Tasmania - and having only the length of a Sydney to Hobart race to get through before she sails back into Sydney Heads on May 16 - she feels a great deal of pride .
" It was pretty special .
I did n't think it would be a big deal but when we got there I thought , ` Wow , I have finally done it ' , " she said .
Yesterday was her opportunity to enjoy a special treat , one the elements have not allowed her for so long .
" I had a lovely sleep this morning .
It 's been one of the things I 've been dreaming about for a very , very long time , a little sleep - in , " Jessica said .
Jessica hopes to complete her dream of sailing round the world , solo and unassisted , on May 16 - two days shy of her 17th birthday .
MEET MASCHINE +
The workflow .
The sounds .
No computer necessary .
BUY NOW
From the 24th of June 2010 , o2 will be scrapping the unlimited data plan for new iPhone customers .
Existing iPhone customers on an unlimited data plan can keep that plan as long as they do n’t change tariff , or upgrade to the new iPhone 4 .
Anyone getting a new iPhone from 24th June will instead be offered a tariff with the following :
Cap of 500MB of data a month – £ 25 to £ 35 a month contracts
Cap of 750 MB of data a month – £ 40 to £ 45 a month contracts
Cap of 1GB of data a month – £ 60 or £ 65 a month contracts
Given that many iPhone users are heavy data users , this new cap will be far from ideal , and many may choose to either a ) not upgrade to the new iPhone 4 and keep their existing Unlimited contract , or b ) shift to a network that offers a less extreme data cap .
Although the new data caps take effect from 24th June , it seems o2 wo n’t be enforcing them until 1st October 2010 .
From 1st October 2010 , it ’ll be an extra £ 5 for each block of 500 MB used .
Hacked off with o2 ’s new data policy ?
Add a comment below !
Bill Corcoran , Monash University
As the COVID - 19 pandemic has made remote working , remote socialisation , and online entertainment the norm , we have seen an unprecedented spike in society ’s demand for data .
Singapore ’s prime minister declared broadband to be essential infrastructure .
The European Union asked streaming services to limit their traffic .
Video conferencing service Zoom was suddenly unavoidable .
Even my parents have grown used to reading to my four - year - old over Skype .
This tiny micro-comb chip produces a precision rainbow of light that can support transmission of 40 terabits of data per second in standard optic fibres .
Corcoran et al. , N.Comms. , 2020 , CC BY -SA
In Australia telecommunications companies have supported this growth , with Telstra removing data caps on users and the National Broadband Network ( NBN ) enabling ISPs to expand their network capacity .
In fact , the NBN saw its highest ever peak capacity of 13.8 terabits per second ( or Tbps ) on April 8 this year .
A terabit is one trillion bits , and 1 Tbps is the equivalent of about 40,000 standard NBN connections .
This has given us a glimpse of the capacity crunch we could be facing in the near future , as high - speed 5G wireless connections , self - driving cars and the internet of things put more stress on our networks .
Internet traffic is growing by 25 % each year as society becomes increasingly connected .
We need new technological solutions to expand data infrastructure , without breaking the bank .
The key to this is making devices that can transmit and receive massive amounts of data using the optical fibre infrastructure we have already spent time and money putting into the ground .
A high - speed rainbow
Fortunately , such a device is at hand .
My colleagues and I have demonstrated a new fingernail - sized chip that can transmit data at 40 Tbps through a single optical fibre connection of the same kind used in the NBN .
That ’s about three times the record data rate for the entire NBN network and about 100 times the speed of any single device currently used in Australian fibre networks .
The chip uses an “ optical micro-comb ” to create a rainbow of infrared light that allows data to be transmitted with many frequencies of light at the same time .
Our results are published in Nature Communications today .
This collaboration , between Monash , RMIT and Swinburne universities in Melbourne , and international partners ( INRS , CIOPM Xi’an , CityU Hong Kong ) , is the first “ field - trial ” of an optical micro-comb system , and a record capacity for such a device .
The internet runs on light
Optical fibres have formed the backbone of our communication systems since the late 1980s .
The fibres that link the world together carry light signals that are periodically boosted by optical amplifiers which can transmit light with a huge range of wavelengths .
To make the most of this range of wavelengths , different information is sent using signals of different infrared “ colours ” of light .
If you ’ve ever seen a prism split up white light into separate colours , you ’ve got an insight into how this works – we can add a bunch of these colours together , send the combined signal through a single optical fibre , then split it back up again into the original colours at the other end .
Making powerful rainbows from tiny chips
Optical micro-combs are tiny gadgets that in essence use a single laser , a temperature - controlled chip , and a tiny ring called an optical resonator to send out signals using many different wavelengths of light .
( left ) Micrograph of the optical ring resonator on the chip .
Launching light from a single laser into this chip generates over 100 new laser lines ( right ) .
We use 80 lines in the optical C - band ( right , green shaded ) for our communications system demonstration .
Corcoran et al , N.Comms , 2020
Optical combs have had a major impact on a massive range of research in optics and photonics .
Optical micro–combs are miniature devices that can produce optical combs , and have been used in a wide range of exciting demonstrations , including optical communications .
The key to micro-combs are optical resonator structures , tiny rings ( see picture above ) that when hit with enough light convert the incoming single wavelength into a precise rainbow of wavelengths .
The demonstration
The test was carried out on a 75 - km optical fibre loop in Melbourne .
For our demonstration transmitting data at 40 Tbps , we used a novel kind of micro-comb called a “ soliton crystal ” that produces 80 separate wavelengths of light that can carry different signals at the same time .
To prove the micro-comb could be used in a real - world environment , we transmitted the data through installed optical fibres in Melbourne ( provided by AARNet ) between RMIT ’s City campus and Monash ’s Clayton campus and back , for a round trip of 75 kilometres .
This shows that the optical fibres we have in the ground today can handle huge capacity growth , simply by changing what we plug into those fibres .
What ’s next ?
There is more work to do !
Monash and RMIT are working together to make the micro-comb devices more flexible and simpler to run .
Putting not only the micro-comb , but also the modulators that turn an electrical signal into an optical signal , on a single chip is a tremendous technical challenge .
There are new frontiers of optical communications to explore with these micro-combs , looking at using parallel paths in space , improving data rates for satellite communications , and in making “ light that thinks ” : artificial optical neural networks .
The future is bright for these tiny rainbows .
We gratefully acknowledge support from Australia ’s Academic Research Network ( AARNet ) for supporting our access to the field - trial cabling through the Australian Lightwave Infrastructure Research Testbed ( ALIRT ) , and in particular Tim Rayner , John Nicholls , Anna Van , Jodie O’Donohoe and Stuart Robinson .
Bill Corcoran , Lecturer & Research Fellow , Monash Photonic Communications Lab & InPAC , Monash University
This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license .
Read the original article .
A federal appeals court is blessing the legal process by which the recording industry and other content owners unmask the identities of alleged peer - to - peer copyright infringers .
The decision by the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals is believed to be the first appellate court to sanction a process that has ultimately hauled tens of thousands of alleged P2P infringers into court , ( .pdf ) many at the request of the Recording Industry Association of America .
" They have upheld the RIAA 's legal strategy , " said Richard A. Altman , the New York attorney who brought the court challenge .
Thursday 's decision comes as Indie filmmakers are using the same process to acquire the identities of thousands of BitTorrent users accused of copyright infringement .
The legal action was brought by a State University of New York at Albany student accused of using Gnutella to download and make songs available on the internet .
The RIAA detected what it claimed to be infringing activity on an IP address the university linked to the student .
The unidentified student moved to quash a federal judge 's order that the university forward the student 's identity to the RIAA .
The student asserted a First Amendment right of privacy on the internet , in addition to a fair - use right to the six music tracks in question .
The appeals court ruled in the RIAA 's favor after balancing a constitutional right to remain anonymous against a copyright owner 's right to disclosure of the identity of a possible " trespasser of its intellectual property interest . "
" To the extent that anonymity is used to mask copyright infringement or to facilitate such infringement by other persons , it is unprotected by the First Amendment , " the appeals court wrote .
And even if a defendant claims a fair - use right to the material in question , content owners have a right to learn the identities to commence a lawsuit , the court wrote .
" And although Doe 3 indicates that he ' may ' have had a permissible purpose for copying and sharing the music found in his file - sharing folder , " the court wrote , " any assertion of such a purpose raises questions of credibility and plausibility that cannot be resolved while Doe 3 avoids suit by hiding behind a shield of anonymity . "
The RIAA , in snaring thousands of file sharers , has used an undercover detection process wherein investigators comb P2P networks , download songs and obtain IP addresses from P2P users ' open share folders .
With that IP address and evidence , the RIAA and other content owners file so - called John Doe federal lawsuits .
As part of the process , they request a judge to require the ISP to turn over the name of the account holder connected to the ISP .
Until 2003 , the RIAA and others generally did not need to file lawsuits to obtain a subpoena to unmask an alleged peer - to - peer infringer .
That year , however , a different federal appeals court ruled ( . pdf ) a lawsuit was necessary as a precursor to unmask P2P infringers because the content in question did not reside on an internet service provider 's server .
Still , copyright owners do not need to file a lawsuit to unmask the identity of alleged infringers in which the content in question is stored on an ISP 's servers – for example , YouTube , said Ben Sheffner , a Los Angeles copyright attorney who publishes the Copyrights & Campaigns blog .
The Copyright Act carries penalties of up to $ 150,000 per violation .
Photo : mollyeh11 / Flickr
See Also :
This page is an official lunacy on the English Wikipedia .
It has wide acceptance among editors and is considered a standard that all users should follow .
When editing this page , please ensure that your revision reflects consensus .
When in doubt , discuss first on the talk page .
Shortcuts
[ nb 1 ] Jimmy Wales demonstrates correct behaviour .
Instead of climbing the Reichstag , he has gone up in the lift in the orthodox way , and he has wisely avoided dressing as Spider - Man .
Even if he were involved in a content dispute at the time , he is clearly not making a frightful exhibition of himself .
See ?
Even the Queen climbed a famous landmark to illustrate a point .
Her actions are now being reviewed by the Arbitration Committee
Sometimes even the coolest of editors become involved in content disputes .
These may become heated , or degenerate into incivility and revert wars , and typically result in protection on the Wrong Version by a passing administrator .
Where the issues are of paramount importance , editors may be tempted to climb the Reichstag building dressed as Spider - Man to promote their cause .
This is strongly discouraged and will result in a definite block from editing Wikipedia .
Intent [ edit ]
This is intended to stop content disputes from escalating to the extent of scaling public buildings dressed as popular comic book characters .
Note that climbing the Reichstag dressed as Spider - Man is an absolute limit – not an entitlement !
Users scaling any public building dressed as any popular comic book character may be blocked for disrupting Wikipedia to make a really stupid point .
Even threatening to do so is generally viewed as unacceptable .
Wikilawyering about how high up the Reichstag you climbed ( or about what qualifies as a " popular " comic book character ) is right out .
Review [ edit ]
Editors who believe that another user is on the verge of climbing the Reichstag building dressed as Spider - Man may place a request at the Administrators ' Drama Board ( Reichstag Climbing ) .
Many administrators from the Rouge Admin Group will honour requests if asked , and will enforce blocks if warranted .
Or unwarranted , we do n't care too much actually .
Maybe we 'll just block people at random , dunno .
It all boils down to this [ edit ]
Look , if you have been linked here from a talk page or a Wikipedia debate such as articles for deletion , it 's probably an indication that someone thinks you are taking things a bit too seriously .
Perhaps you should have a nice cup of tea and a sit down .
It is pretty certain that all conflicts can be amicably resolved before the publication deadline .
And if they can't be resolved before the deadline , adopt the philosophy of the late Douglas Adams .
Security advice and historical background [ edit ]
Climbers on the Reichstag with a lot of funny textiles
not Only spiderman should climb the Reichstag ; impersonators should
Look , the Reichstag already has been wrapped , scaled , and set alight ( such attempts have led to lost heads ) .
So if you still intend to climb the Reichstag again and again , dressed in a fancy uniform , and to have your photo taken up there , be careful to have the right support and adequate gear with you .
And make sure that your audience understands the difference between a watch and a wrist compass .
Official corollaries [ edit ]
No jumping off the Reichstag dressed as Spider - Man [ edit ]
It 's not a good idea to believe anyone who tells you that because you 're dressed as Spider - Man , your superpowers will protect you from injury when you jump off the top of the Reichstag .
Similarly , it 's never a good idea for anyone to delete the main page simply because they believe a new software feature now prevents them from doing it .
If you survive the fall , you will only end up in the village stocks .
This is unfortunate , as the tomatoes thrown at you are very , very stinky .
This applies even if you are the genuine Spider - Man [ edit ]
As Wikipedia has no policy for verifying your credentials , we cannot make exceptions to this policy even if you are the genuine Spider - Man or are genuinely named Spider - Man .
Other superheroes and buildings also covered [ edit ]
This shall also apply to climbing an M25 gantry dressed as Batman .
Army crawling along the A1 dressed in the outfit of The Stig is equally unacceptable , no matter the time of day , nor the place of entry nor exit .
Also , as seen elsewhere , you are not allowed to climb the Washington Monument , not even if you are the real Spider - Man .
You are , however , allowed to climb the Brooklyn Bridge or a clock tower dressed as Spider - Man if some psycho in a flying machine kidnaps your girlfriend ... but it may not be a great idea .
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Some programming languages have operators .
I borrowed the description " an operator - oriented language " for Perl a long time ago ; the origin of that phrase probably goes through Larry .
Other languages focus almost exclusively on nouns .
Some languages derive practicality in programming from a small set of carefully chosen axioms .
One recurring debate in programming language design is whether the mathemeticians should have any say .
( I phrase this deliberately . )
Human factors such as convenience , discoverability , learnability , and efficiency all govern the ultimate design of any programming language intended for people to use .
Yes ,
The Little Schemer implements multiplication in terms of addition and recursion in order to teach symbolic reasoning and recursion , but a practical Scheme compiler will ultimately take advantage of the fact that multiplication at the transistor level does n't use recursion .
... but all of that gets into silly technical debates where people throw around insulting phrases such as " Turing Tarpits " and " Periodic tables of operators " and " Using every symbol on the keyboard " and that 's how some people miss the really interesting point .
The interesting point is that the representation of a program in source code is , at every level , a data representation — and compression — problem .
Consider spoken language .
I have a delicious baked pastry , cooked in a round tin , with strawberries and rhubarb and a bit of sugar and gelatin in the middle .
It tastes delicious with a frozen dessert made of vanilla beans , cream , some sugar , and ice .
I enjoy eating this combination very much .
In other words I like pie .
That 's easy to read and that 's easy to understand and it's easy to type , but it turns out I do n't like mincemeat pie and I do n't care much for shepherd 's pie and I 'm ambivalent about chocolate mousse pie but think that key lime pie is also as delicious .
You get the picture , though .
Granted , you can specify the type of a particular pie , or you can express a generic " Any pie will do " with the word " pie " ( or perhaps you take advantage of allomorphism ) and you get a good understanding of my interests in the abstract .
Sometimes you need to be more specific , as when I 'm baking in the kitchen or when I 'm at a bakery grunting and pointing at something that looks delicious surrounded by two pies that have raisins .
Yuck .
Even so , the three word phrase " I like pie " communicates volumes of information ... except that I can speak it sarcastically , or as a question , or with emphasis , and the tonality of spoken communication adds additional information that a series of twenty six letters and the space character can't convey .
I like pie ( but she does not ) .
I like pie ( contrary to what you say ) .
I like pie ( but that 's technically a torte , you Philistine ) !
I like pie ?
( Find a good way to mark a rising intonation at the end of a sentence and you 'll convey irony online . )
Perhaps I 'm admitting an addiction to the dessert arts ( I... like pie ) .
You gain some advantages in expressivity by adding additional ways to convey information .
Even though I can explain the difference between a torte and a slice of pie with a couple of sentences , it 's still easier to say " I like pie " and give the little cake a dubious expression , as if waiting for it to change form or you to assure me that it 's equally delicious .
Even though you can reduce the set of primitives of English language further ( you probably need to keep a few punctuation symbols , but if you require everything use declarative sentences or simple questions , you can get rid of exclamation points , apostrophes , colons , semicolons , and dashes ) by using an encoding such as Morse code , you do n't gain in expressivity .
Try explaining my feelings about muffins versus cupcakes in telegraph style .
Then again , the mathemeticians have a point .
Is a pictoral language without a semi-phonetic writing system necessarily more expressive than English ?
By no means .
That 's because another axis of information compression and representation in natural language governs the paucity or abundance of available words .
You see this when one language borrows words from another , or where a new word ( especially a verb ) enters the popular lexicon .
It 's easy enough to describe how you performed a search online for details about a good bakery , but it 's shorter to say that you Googled it .
The latter might even be more expressive ; you can take advantage of synecdoche and metaphor to gloss over specific details about how a search engine works and the use of a web browser .
Sometimes a convenient fiction improves understanding .
This is not to say that such language techniques as metaphor and irony and sarcasm are always immediately apparent in written language .
( The lack of tonality and body language present difficulties , but it's * possible * to convey meaning effectively with a little cleverness .
You can argue that adding in features such as the comma or the dash — in this context they 're infix operators used , in part , to separate independent clauses — gives you possibilities that you do n't have without them .
You must write with some degree of awkward precision and arrange your sentences and points with as much directness and left - to - right straight through readability as possible to convey the same meaning that a tiny bit of punctuation would render with much less ceremony .
Natural language does have its ambiguities , and it's not clear that adding features to a language ( whether words , tonality , punctuation , or idioms ) always clarifies by providing more opportunities for abstraction and encapsulation of thought .
Certainly jargons exist for the stated purpose of clarity but the effective purpose of obfuscation to discourage non-professional practitioners ( law is particularly bad about this , but so is programming and even so math , which has its own history of adding often conflicting notations ) .
Yet the question is n't " Is adding primitives bad ? " but " What 's the right balance between expressivity and the possibility of extendible expressivity ? "
You see this in discussions about the value of operator overloading ( and synonyms and homophones ) .
It 's not even a matter of mathematical purity ( tell a math programmer that he needs to use the method form for performing the cross product of two matrices he 's defined with a nice declarative syntax ) .
It 's a matter of human factors and usability and convenience for people to communicate with each other .
Yes , humans destroy rigorous formalisms by being so unpredictable .
Yes , people can make messes .
Yes , people can be confusing .
Yet somehow we manage to communicate effectively .
Why not explore some of those principles when designing mechanisms of communication ?
France , which has the largest Muslim population in Europe , has also been inching toward such a ban on the burqa .
The measure has the backing of President Nicolas Sarkozy , who recently condemned the garment as “ a sign of subservience ” rather than one of religion .
In Switzerland last year , a referendum banned the construction of minarets .
While national politicians may be urging a clampdown on the burqa , such moves are still expected to run into legal obstacles .
In March , France ’s top administrative body , the Council of State , warned the government that a full ban would be unconstitutional .
A commission of the Council of Europe , the European institution dealing with human rights issues , also recently warned governments against imposing a complete ban that would violate women ’s individual rights .
Before the Spanish Senate ’s vote , some of the country ’s local authorities had already moved to introduce restrictions on the burqa .
The issue was especially heated in the region of Catalonia , where the debate over Islam and immigration has become entangled in early campaigning ahead of regional elections later this year .
The pending elections may have proved crucial in the Wednesday vote , as senators from the CiU , a Catalan party , surprisingly switched their earlier stance to vote in favor of a burqa ban .
The motion adopted by the senators calls on Spain to outlaw “ any usage , custom or discriminatory practice that limits the freedom of women . ”
It was drafted and led by politicians from the main center - right opposition People 's Party .
Justifying the vote , one of the senators from the CiU , Montserrat Candini , said that “ we cannot tolerate that nobody understands that we are not in favor of banning the burqa . ”
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
They sure are cute , but raising your kids is going to set you back some serious cash , according to recently released government data .
Family expenses for a child born in 2009 through age 17 will range from about $ 160,000 for households in the lowest income group to $ 222,000 for those in the middle to $ 369,000 for those in the highest income group , according to data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
Read full report .
Those amounts are in 2009 dollars , and the estimates are for the younger child in a family with a husband , wife and two children .
For middle - income families , spending on kids gained about 22 % in real terms over the past 49 years , to $ 222,000 last year , from $ 183,000 in 1960 .
Parents ' outlays are up less than 1 % from 2008 , with the bulk of that increase coming from rising costs for child care , education and health care .
Those categories " saw the largest percentage increases related to child rearing from 2008 , whereas expenses on transportation actually declined , " according to the government press release .
" This decline in transportation expenses [ for ] a child mitigated the increases in the other expenses . "
One bright spot is that costs per child decrease as families have more kids -- families with three or more kids spend 22 % less per kid than families with two children , according to a statement from the Agriculture Department .
" As families have more children , the children can share a bedroom , clothing and toys can be handed down to younger children , food can be purchased in larger and more economical packages , and private schools or child - care centers may offer sibling discounts , " according to the government .
Housing eats up the budget
By category , housing makes up the largest piece of the child - rearing budget pie , accounting for 31 % of expenditures for a child born in 2009 in a middle - income family .
Housing also constituted 31 % of spending for kids in 1960 , according to the report .
Here are the other categories that make up spending for kids born in 2009 versus 1960 :
Child care and education : 17 % in 2009 versus 2 % in 1960
Food : 16 % in 2009 versus 24 % in 1960
Transportation : 13 % in 2009 versus 16 % in 1960
Health care : 8 % in 2009 versus 4 % in 1960
Clothing : 6 % in 2009 versus 11 % in 1960
Miscellaneous : 9 % in 2009 versus 12 % in 1960
The most striking increase in costs is for the child care and education category , the report said , adding that the 1960 data included families with and without the expense .
" In 1960 , child - care costs were negligible , mainly consisting of in - the - home babysitting , " according to the report .
" Since then , the labor force participation of women has greatly increased , leading to the need for more child care . "
Meanwhile , food costs dropped steeply .
" Changes in agriculture over the past 50 years have resulted in family food budgets being a lower percentage of household income , " according to the report .
Technological changes and globalization have likely made clothing less expensive in real terms , the report added .
After charges against him were dropped on Tuesday , former attorney general Michael Bryant admitted he has been humbled by the experience of being a lowly defendant after his highly publicized altercation on Bloor St. with a bicycle courier who died last summer .
“ As for the justice system , I now have a unique perspective from its highest pedestal as attorney general to its pillory , a defendant cuffed in the back of a squad car accused of two very serious offences involving the tragic death of a man , ” Bryant told reporters Tuesday .
“ The whole experience has been incredibly humbling and rightly so . ”
He stressed that the police and prosecutors working on the case did their job as independently and meticulously as possible to avoid the appearance and the fact of impropriety .
“ What I will never forget for the rest of my life is the unnecessary tragedy of that night , ” he said .
“ A young man is dead and for his family and friends that remains the searing memory .
To them I express my sympathies and sincere condolences .
I have grieved that loss and I always will . ”
Bryant declined to explain in detail why he continued to drive his car when Darcy Allan Sheppard latched onto the side of his car on Bloor St .
He said the prosecutor outlined the facts in court .
But he added the 28 - second altercation with Sheppard that led to the cyclist ’s death was horrifying .
“ I was terrified .
Panicked , ” he said .
“ It happened just very quickly , ” he added .
Bryant , 44 , was charged with criminal negligence causing death and dangerous operation of a motor vehicle causing death after the Aug. 31 confrontation Sheppard , 33 .
“ Given all of the evidence , in particular new information that has been discovered since the charges were laid , the charges must be withdrawn , ” Richard Peck , a Vancouver lawyer brought in to prosecute the case , told a Toronto judge .
Peck added the decision to drop the charges was “ mine and mine alone , ” and said no one from the Attorney General ’s office had any input into the decision - making process .
As attorney general , Bryant was once in charge of appointing Ontario judges and prosecutors .
Peck was brought in to avoid any appearance of a conflict of interest .
Bryant , wearing a blue suit and striped purple tie , sat stoned - faced as Peck addressed the court .
If the prosecution determines there is no reasonable prospect of conviction then the charge must be withdrawn , Peck told the judge Tuesday morning in a courtroom packed with reporters .
“ This case falls short of that standard and I ’ll explain why , ” he said .
Peck said on the night of the incident , Bryant and his wife , Susan Abramovitch , were driving west along Bloor St. in a 1995 Saab convertible around 9:30 p.m .
Their evening began with dinner at a Lebanese restaurant on College St. , a walk in the Beach and dessert on the Danforth before they headed home to see their two young children .
They were celebrating their 12th wedding anniversary and drank no alcohol .
The top and windows of the Saab were down .
As they neared the intersection of Bloor and Yonge Sts. , Bryant saw someone throwing objects onto the roadway attempting to impede traffic , Peck said .
He was later identified as Sheppard .
While continuing westbound on Bloor St. , Bryant came to a red light at a pedestrian crossing between Bay and Avenue Rd .
Peck said in the moments before Sheppard died , he cycled past Bryant ’s vehicle along the driver ’s side and then cut in front , stopping his bike directly in front of the convertible Saab and blocking its way .
When Bryant hit his brakes , the vehicle stalled .
Peck said Bryant was trying to get away and attempted to get his car started when it stalled again , causing it to lurch forward .
That was when “ Mr. Bryant ’s vehicle came close to or in contact with the rear wheel of Mr. Sheppard ’s bike , ” Peck said .
“ At this point , Mr. Bryant describes himself as being in a state of panic .
He says that Mr. Sheppard was becoming enraged . ”
When Bryant got the car restarted , it accelerated into Sheppard causing him to land on the hood .
Bryant hit the brakes and the cyclist fell , but stood up and did not appear at that point to be seriously injured .
Bryant reversed and then tried to drive forward around the bicycle .
“ Mr. Sheppard threw his backpack , which struck either the hood or windshield and bounced onto Bloor St. , ” Peck said .
“ Mr. Sheppard then jumped onto the vehicle as it drove away . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
After Sheppard “ latched onto the vehicle , ” it veered left and continued west in the oncoming eastbound lane .
Expert analysis conducted by Crown and defence investigators determined the car was travelling in the range of 34 kilometres an hour , in contrast to eyewitness accounts that it was driving between 60 and 100 km/h .
“ Although certain eyewitnesses described the vehicle as swerving and driving onto the sidewalk in an attempt to dislodge Mr. Sheppard , forensic examination has demonstrated that the Saab did not rub against the curb or mount the curb at any time , ” Peck said .
“ A fire hydrant was located close to the south curb in the area if 131 Bloor St .
The distance from the fire hydrant cap to the curb was one foot .
This fire hydrant caught Mr. Sheppard on the left side of his torso , ” Peck said .
“ This caused Mr. Sheppard to dislodge from the car , ultimately striking his head , either on the curb or a raised portion of the roadway .
The impact was fatal . ”
Peck told court Tuesday eyewitness accounts coupled with forensic examinations suggest Sheppard was attempting to enter the vehicle and attack Bryant during the encounter .
He acknowledged witness accounts varied considerably about the vehicle ’s movements along Bloor with Sheppard “ latched onto the side . ”
Police had alleged that Bryant took off , crossed into the oncoming lane and mounted the curb , dragging Sheppard between 50 and 100 metres .
Witnesses told police the cyclist fell from the vehicle after striking a mailbox and a tree .
Sheppard ’s blood alcohol level was measured after his death at 0.183 — more than twice the legal limit for driving — and he had a history of altercations with other motorists , Peck said .
Also earlier that evening , before the encounter with Bryant , police received a 911 call from a resident of a downtown apartment building about a possible domestic assault involving Sheppard at his girlfriend ’s apartment .
Peck noted the assault was denied by the occupants “ and which the Crown makes no determination about . ”
There was also another alleged assault outside the building .
The prosecutor outlined six other incidents that came to light after Sheppard ’s death , including one in which an elderly woman described Sheppard as a “ mad man . ”
Peck said four of the previous incidents happened during the month of Sheppard ’s death , and showed “ an escalating cycle of aggressiveness toward motorists . ”
All of the motorists who came forward were interviewed extensively , he said , and in one case surveillance photos captured the altercation .
Peck said he was outlining the incidents because they had “ significant legal relevance ” and not in any way to “ demonize ” Sheppard or suggest he deserved what happened .
Allan Sheppard , the dead man ’s adoptive father , said after that if he had been presented with the same evidence he would n’t have insisted on a trial .
“ I ’m content with the result as it came , ” he said on the steps outside Old City Hall .
He was asked if justice was done .
“ I do n’t know what justice is in this circumstance .
I ’m not happy with the result .
I ’m not sure what would have made me happy . ”
He said that he genuinely believes that the people who made the decision to withdraw the charges listened to him .
“ They talked to me with great respect and they reached a decision and I ’ll accept it . ”
At a news conference Tuesday afternoon , Bryant thanked people for their support .
“ The system worked with excruciating independence , ” he said .
While Americans spend a lot of money on private security , we generally associate police services with a local government monopoly .
And indeed , government is where the buck stops .
One of the conventional rationales for government provision of police services is that the market will under - provide it .
After all , if I subscribe to a protection agency that has to drive by my house , my neighbors presumably get some of the spillover benefits .
The market will fail to provide the efficient level of police protection .
Of course , the existence of externalities has to be traded off against the change in incentives that comes with bringing protection services under the auspices of the government .
Even if we accept the rationale , I ’m not sure it applies anymore .
People around our neighborhood have “ Protected by [ Whoever ] ” signs in their yards , and presumably properties can be “ patrolled ” remotely with cameras .
In an ongoing research project about the Memphis Riot of 1866 , Christopher Coyne and I are discovering that the case for government provision of police services has never been very strong ( here ’s a very , very early version of what we ’re doing ; here ’s Fred McChesney on fire services ) .
As technology has changed , though , I ’m coming to think more and more that “ market failure ” arguments for government provision of police services are incorrect .
You can do this many different ways .
I used steel , infilled with rockite ( concrete ) .
This requires welding and grinding equipment .
You can also just cast a hunk of concrete .
Or , a block of wood .
Just remember that you need to get the cord in there somehow .
I used 1/4 " thick steel bar stock at 1 1/2 " wide .
To make a 4 " square , you need 2 at 4 " and 2 at 3 1/2 . "
Weld these together , grind the welds .
( pictures 1 - 4 ) Then , because i'm going to pour concrete into the volume , i welded two little pieces of 1/4 " bar to keep the hunk of concrete from slipping out someday ... ( picture 5 ) .
Then drill a 1/ 4 " hole as far to the bottom as possible on one of the sides .
This is for the cord .
We wo n't fill the bottom all the way with concrete so that the cord can come out of the post and out our little hole .
So put in a piece of foamcore to the top level of the hole we just drilled .
Seal the edges with the glue gun .
We 'll pour the concrete from the top .
Then glue with the glue gun the threaded rod post onto the foamcore .
Make sure it 's not off at an angle .
Ok the last two photos are what it looks like when it 's dry , top and bottom .
Get the idea ?
I think the next time I do this , I 'll probably forget about floating it above the base .
I think a hunk of wood could look nice .
This took too long .
Now for our first pour .
This will be good practice for the big one .
I recommend getting rockite .
It 's available at a lot of smaller hardware stores .
The stuff is awesome .
It 's like plaster , just a lot stronger .
and it has a beautiful smooth finish .
Mix it as per instruction so that it 's like heavy cream .
Or melted ice cream .
Not too runny !
The more water , the weaker .
It 's easy to add too much water .
Add it slowly .
Pour it in just short of the top of the steel base .
Now , this is the annoying part .
I do n't think i would do this again this way , but here goes .
I wanted the thing to " float " off the base a bit .
So i decided to cast in some 1 / 4 " steel bar legs .
I welded these little bits of wire on to the legs so that it would adhere well to the concrete .
I wo n't get into the details , because I think it 's a bit of a cockamamied way to do this .
But you need to make sure the wire wo n't interfere with the glass for the main pour .
For this step , I 'm just setting them into the base about 1 / 4 inch , so that the shade will seat securely into the base .
These will be easy to remove once it's hard , and then I 'll cast the legs into the shade .
I know , ridiculous .
The trick is you have to somehow hold these little guys in position while the concrete dries .
This can be accomplished with small clamps .
Or maybe duct tape
But have a game plan before you pour .
I did n't have one , so this is my improvised half - assed on - the - spot effort .
It worked
Rockite dries fast .
It 's pretty amazing stuff .
It will start to set up in about 15 minutes .
After an hour you can carve it with a blade .
In 24 hours it 's wicked hard but you can sand it and shape it a bit .
After a week it 's rock solid .
I 've seen this list of the past decade 's top - performing stocks so many times , I can recite most of them from memory .
But there 's good reason to keep picking apart these top performers :
Any one of them had the potential to turn a mediocre portfolio into a market - beater .
Here 's a peek at 10 of the top 25 performing stocks of the past decade :
Company Price Change Jan. 1 , 2000 ,
to Jan. 1 , 2010 Bally Technologies 5,975 % XTO Energy 5,917 % Southwestern Energy 5,776 % Clean Harbors 4,669 % Deckers Outdoor 3,775 % Jos. A. Bank Clothiers 3,196 % Range Resources 2,246 % FTI Consulting 2,022 % CarMax 1,997 % Terra Industries 1,960 %
Source : Capital IQ , a Standard & Poor 's company .
The list may look pretty familiar .
But you may not know that these companies , and many of the decade 's other top performers , share a dark secret .
Small and powerful
All of these companies are small , and all have absolutely beaten the pants off large , well - known stocks like Costco ( Nasdaq : COST ) and Boeing ( NYSE : BA ) , which returned 30 % and 31 % , respectively , over the past decade .
That 's not to say that you should avoid bigger companies .
In fact , both Costco and Boeing could produce good returns .
Costco is now the world 's eighth - largest retailer and has done that by building a loyal base of dues - paying members ( customers ) -- 56.9 million of them -- and plunking down its massive warehouses in high - growth areas like China .
With 414 stores in the U.S. and a mere 77 in China , it certainly seems like there 's plenty of room for the company to grow .
Meanwhile , Boeing is expected to post some startling bottom - line growth over the next two years .
Analysts see the aviation giant more than doubling earnings in 2010 and then tacking on another 24 % in 2011 .
However , we 're not looking for investments with good returns here ; we 're looking for the best returns .
So we 're going to stick with the smaller companies .
But small size is n't exactly a dark secret .
So what 's that dark secret ?!?!
Let 's take another look at the companies listed above .
See whether you can figure it out :
Company Price Change Jan. 1 , 1998 ,
to Jan. 1 , 2000 Return on Equity
in 1999 Debt to Equity
in Early 2000 Bally Technologies ( 84.1 % ) Unprofitable Negative book value XTO Energy ( 45.5 % ) 19.5 % 340.8 % Southwestern Energy ( 49.0 % ) 5.3 % 140.5 % Clean Harbors ( 20.0 % ) Unprofitable 230.2 % Deckers Outdoor ( 65.0 % ) 5.3 % 14.6 % Jos. A. Bank Clothiers ( 44.2 % ) 3.2 % 35.9 % Range Resources ( 80.4 % ) Unprofitable 417.5 % FTI Consulting ( 60.0 % ) 2.9 % 206.7 % CarMax ( 74.3 % ) Unprofitable 62.2 % Terra Industries ( 88.0 % ) Unprofitable 77.7 %
Source : Capital IQ , a Standard & Poor 's company .
What would you say ties all of these top - performing companies together ?
If you said something to the tune of , " They looked like terrible investments , " then you get a gold star .
Even a quick glance at that chart would send chills up the spine of most fundamentals - oriented investors .
Many of the companies were unprofitable , the ones that were n't produced lackluster returns on capital , and quite a few were swimming in debt .
Maybe it 's not so surprising , then , that the market hated these stocks at the time .
Those are some massive declines posted above , and bear in mind that this was over a period when the S&P jumped more than 50 % .
There are certainly companies out there today that could fit a similar bill .
CapitalSource ( NYSE : CSE ) , USG ( NYSE : USG ) , and Manitowoc ( NYSE : MTW ) have all seen their stocks fall significantly over the past two years .
And within those companies , we can find plenty of unprofitability and debt .
But there 's a case to be made for each of these beaten - down stocks .
With a current price - to - tangible - book multiple of 0.81 , it 's obvious that investors think that more losses are ahead for CapitalSource .
But if the economic recovery continues to take hold , this commercial lender may start to see fewer loans go sour .
The housing market has put quite a beating on USG , but with industry - leading products like Sheetrock and Durock , the company has the potential to slingshot back into the black as that market starts to find its footing .
Manitowoc has similarly been slammed by the construction slowdown , but the company 's hefty fixed expenses -- notably a huge debt load -- mean that even a moderate revenue recovery could have a significant impact on the bottom line .
Will these companies end up on the list of the next decade 's top performers ?
Time will tell .
For now , we can say that the ugly financials these three are showing today make them look a lot like the past decade 's top performers , back when they started their own runs .
Time to scrap everything we know ?
But does this mean we should forget about looking for high - quality companies trading at reasonable prices , in favor of rummaging in the garbage bin ?
I do n't think so .
According to Capital IQ , 667 publicly traded companies with market caps greater than $ 10 million filed for bankruptcy protection over the past decade .
In 2000 , only 22 of those companies could claim a return on equity greater than 15 % , and debt - to - equity below 50 % .
The rest of the companies that went belly - up sported numbers that looked a lot like those in the chart above .
In other words , taking fliers on companies with ugly looking financials could land you a massive winner , but it also gives you a big chance of taking hefty losses .
Swing at good pitches
By sticking to investing in reasonably capitalized and solidly profitable companies that are trading at attractive prices , we vastly reduce the chances of sticking ourselves with clunkers headed toward bankruptcy , and we can still end up bagging some of the very best performers .
Green Mountain Coffee Roasters and Hansen Natural , for example , both would have fit a " high - quality at a reasonable price " strategy back in 2000 , and they returned 9,211 % and 7,024 % , respectively , in the decade that followed .
What do these companies look like ?
Well , they look a lot like Under Armour ( NYSE : UA ) and Diana Shipping ( NYSE : DSX ) .
Like the three companies mentioned above , Under Armour and Diana Shipping could have a bright future ahead of them .
For Under Armour it 's all about bringing its performance athletic gear to competitors all over the world .
For Diana , success is leveraging the global need for commodities like iron ore , coal , and grain to keep its shipping assets in action .
But when it comes to the financial statements , Under Armour and Diana are very different from CapitalSource , USG , and Manitowoc .
Both are nicely profitable , conservatively capitalized , and have exhibited significant growth over the past five years .
In other words , we do n't have to hope that they 'll deliver strong financial performance .
They already do .
And these are n't the only small companies with solid financials that could deliver big gains over the next 10 years .
The investment team at Motley Fool Hidden Gems focuses solely on finding small , promising stocks that the rest of the market has overlooked .
Just this month , the team dug up a big player in the messy business of dealing with radioactive materials .
To take a peek at that stock , and all of the recent moves and recommendations at Hidden Gems , you can take a free 30 - day trial .
This article was originally published March 25 , 2010 .
It has been updated .
Fool contributor Matt Koppenheffer does not own shares of any of the companies mentioned .
Costco Wholesale , CarMax , and USG are Motley Fool Inside Value recommendations .
Green Mountain Coffee Roasters , Hansen Natural , and Under Armour are Motley Fool Rule Breakers picks .
Costco Wholesale is a Motley Fool Stock Advisor recommendation .
Under Armour is a Motley Fool Hidden Gems selection .
The Fool owns shares of CapitalSource , Costco Wholesale , Under Armour , and XTO Energy .
The Fool 's disclosure policy assures you that no Wookiees were harmed in the making of this article .
Previous column Next column Functional Programming – Crossing The Chasm ?
Dave Thomas
REFEREED
COLUMN
PDF Version 1 INTRODUCTION
Once again the computing community is coming to appreciate the expressive power of functional programming ( FP ) [ 1 , 2 ] .
Technical gatherings are buzzing with talk and , of course , debates about Haskell , Lisp / Scheme , Erlang and their younger hybrid cousins O’Caml , Scala , F# and Clojure .
At the same time , popular OO languages Java and C# are being extended to support functional constructs with even C++ adding lexical closures .
Why would even state full sinners stray away from their much loved object - oriented languages ?
The answers , of course , are multi-core parallelism and massive cloud databases .
Parallelism is plagued by shared state , hence pure functional programming and immutability promise increased concurrency .
First class functions support popular idioms such as map reduce , which allow the program to be “ sent ” to the data and evaluated there as opposed to “ sending ” all of the data to the function for evaluation .
Map Reduce [ Google , Hadoop ] provides a simple expression of data parallelism which elegantly hides the complexity of the data distribution and parallel execution .
Increasingly , business and science are relying on massive data sets and smart algorithms as a means for information and even for discovery .
Complex data queries can be concisely expressed using functional combinators and higher order functions .
Haskell machinery underpins MS LINQ extensions for C# and VB , enabling unified access to relational and non-relational data sources .
It also enables more expressive query languages such as Q , which extends SQL via functions to be a computationally complete language .
Lazy evaluation enables the elegant expression of programs that compute over infinite streams of data using only a small sliding window of computation .
It also provides a mechanism for deferring unnecessary computations .
Complex Event Processing systems are increasingly turning to streaming SQL dialects to be able to express the queries needed for processing web and packet logs , RFID streams and financial market feeds .
2 FP PHOBIA – FP FEAR , UNCERTAINTY AND DOUBT Since John Backus ’ famous Turing Award lecture , Functional Programming has been the Holy Grail as it promises to reduce the problems introduced by Von Neumann machines and to leverage the power of Mathematics for program correctness .
Research has clearly shown that it is possible to develop efficient implementations of functional languages ranging from APL and Lisp to Haskell .
However , like with dynamic object languages , many still believe that procedural languages are required for applications to be efficient .
Pure functional programming is exemplified by Hope and Haskell .
Since these languages have strong mathematical routes it is natural that they have a concise expressive form natural to that discipline .
This , however , strikes fear into many who are intimidated by the unfamiliar Domain , Range , Map , Combinator , Comprehension , Closure , Higher Order Function , Continuation , Monad vocabulary .
This , compounded with lazy evaluation , powerful but complex type systems and few real world examples , makes FP a high barrier language for most developers .
Unfortunately , modern CS education does n’t help , as most schools do n’t teach Scheme , Haskell , Prolog etc. favoring instead commercial OO languages and concepts .
FP programs are models expressed in terms of rich data and function abstractions and their compositions , which is a land very unfamiliar to most developers .
Further , functional programming naturally supports concise nested expressions , which while compact , efficient and elegant , require a decoder ring for those uninitiated in the art of FP .
It is common to find FP programs which look very much like proofs using variables x , y and z and functions f , g and h .
Many have observed how difficult it is to understand OO programs , especially those in dynamic languages , because they ca n’t see the types and only see the program in methods .
FP readers experience disorientation trying to read functional programs .
While FP idioms are largely the inspiration for design patterns , there is no FP kata of idioms to allow one to gradually go from white belt to black belt .
The situation is further compounded by the lack of clear guidelines and examples for literate functional programming .
The recent focus on a single powerful idiom , map reduce , illustrates both the power of a single idiom as well as the challenge in the thinking required to rethink programs using this pattern .
Functional extensions of SQL are another means to leverage better known select , project and join operations with more powerful FP capabilities .
3 MULTI - PARADIGM ( POLYGLOT ) VERSUS MULTIPLE LANGAGES
One of the tensions of embracing a new paradigm is the decision to a ) use a new language , b ) implement as best as can be done in the existing language , or c ) extend an existing language so that it supports the paradigm .
Clearly , being able to use one ’s favorite language is very appealing since it , in principle , lowers the barrier of entry and allows one to be more expressive while still using one ’s current tool chain etc .
Implementing FP in a popular existing language is unfortunately problematic for two reasons .
First , it requires the developer to implement the FP mechanisms , and second , the code leveraging the implementation is often unreadable as it is “ hand translated ” from an FP language .
Hence the only effective way to support FP in a non FP language is to extend the language .
This approach is used with LINQ and other extensions to C#.
Unfortunately , language extension is fraught with the risk of additional complexity due to feature interaction and delays due to multi-vendor implementation and adoption as people using a paradigm are typically reluctant to adopt new features .
In our opinion , the best approach is to use the right language for the job and to improve multi-language interoperability .
Scala , F# and Clojure are new functional languages that provide interoperability Java and CLR tools and runtime .
Loose coupling via services further enables multi-paradigm computing .
4 SUMMARY
There is clear opportunity for functional programming to cross the chasm and enter the mainstream .
In order to benefit from functional programming , our best developers need to be educated on the concepts and effective idioms .
The FP community needs to reach out to those outside their domain to illustrate the simplicity and elegance of their thought process and its broad applicability .
Finally there is a major opportunity to leverage FP under the hood to provide new , powerful end user tooling .
REFERENCES [ 1 ]
Why Functional Programming Matters http://www.cs.chalmers.se/~rjmh/Papers/whyfp.pdf [ 2 ]
Why Functional Programming Still Matters http://channel9.msdn.com/shows/Going+Deep/Erik-Meijer-Functional-Programming/
About the author
Dave Thomas is cofounder / chairman of Bedarra Research Labs ( www.bedarra.com), www.Online-Learning.com and the Open Augment Consortium ( www.openaugment.org) and a founding director of the Agile Alliance ( www.agilealliance.com).
He is an adjunct research professor at Carleton University , Canada and the Queensland Universtity of Technology , Australia .
Dave is the founder and past CEO of Object Technology International ( www.oti.com) creator of the Eclipse IDE Platform , IBM VisualAge for Smalltalk , for Java , and MicroEdition for embedded systems .
Contact him at dave@bedarra.com or www.davethomas.net.
Dave Thomas , " Functional Programming – Crossing The Chasm ? " , in Journal of Object Technology , vol. 8 no. 5 , July - August 2009 , pp. 45-48 http://www.jot.fm/issues/issue_2009_07/column4/
Previous column Next column
In Scala 2.8 , using the builder pattern is no longer necessary ( or the most optimal solution ) in many cases , as Scala 2.8 adds support for named and default parameters .
I ’ll give an example of this based on ScalaBox2D .
In the Box2D object model , physics Bodies are defined mostly by a set of Fixtures , which in turn are defined by a Shape , density , friction , restitution and some other parameters .
In the Scala 2.7 version of ScalaBox 2D , there were mutable fixture definitions , which were used by the engine to create the actual fixtures .
The user code only worked with definitions , through an internal DSL that looked something like this ( note : all code examples are simplified for clarity ) :
body { box ( half Width , half Height ) density 1 friction 0.3f restitution 0 computeMassFromShapes }
For the DSL implementation , I used simple builders which left values to defaults if not specified :
def box ( halfW : Float , halfH : Float ) = new FixtureBuilder ( FixtureDef(PolygonDef.box ( halfW , halfH ) ) ) class FixtureBuilder ( defn : FixtureDef ) { def userData( userData : AnyRef ) = { defn.userData = userData ; this } def material ( material : Material ) = { defn.apply ( material ) ; this } def friction ( friction : Float ) = { defn.friction = friction ; this } def restitution ( restitution : Float ) = { defn.restitution = restitution ; this } def density ( density : Float ) = { defn.density = density ; this } def filter ( filter : FilterData ) = { defn. filter = filter ; this } def sensor ( isSensor : Boolean ) = { defn.isSensor = isSensor ; this } def define = defn }
The FixtureDefs are mutable mostly to simplify the builder .
In Scala 2.8 , I can use named and default parameters , and drop some more lines of code by not having builders at all .
As a bonus , I can easily make the definitions immutable .
def fixtures ( fd : FixtureDef * ) {...} val fixture = FixtureDef // a shorthand to the companion object of FixtureDef val box = Box Def // a shorthand to a BoxDef object that creates PolygonDefs case class FixtureDef ( shapeDef : ShapeDef , /**
The friction coefficient , usually in the range [ 0,1 ] .
*/ friction : Float = 0.2f , /**
The restitution ( elasticity ) usually in the range [ 0,1 ] .
*/ restitution : Float = 0f , /**
The density , usually in kg / m ^ 2 . */ density : Float = 0f , /** A sensor collects contact information but never generates a collision response .
*/ isSensor : Boolean = false , /** Contact filtering data .
*/ filter : FilterData = FilterData .
Default , /**
Use this to store application specific fixture data .
*/ userData : AnyRef = null )
As you can see , the FixtureDef is now a case class with immutable parameters that have default values .
Previously it looked very similar , but had only one parameter ( ShapeDef ) and all fields were mutable .
The usage of the “ DSL ” now becomes a little bit more verbose ( maybe I should n’t even call it a DSL any more ) but I think it also becomes easier to understand for someone who knows the language but not the library , due to less moving parts and using built - in features instead of more code :
body { fixtures ( fixture ( box ( half Width , half Height ) , density = 1 , friction = 0.3f , restitution = 0 ) ) computeMassFromShapes }
Deleting code while maintaining functionality always makes me glad and this is one of those cases .
I guess there may be some more complex cases where builders may still work better , but for simple things like the above example , I really like the named and default arguments feature .
Note : moving ScalaBox2D to Scala 2.8 is still a work in progress for me and there may be some further changes to this “ DSL ” as well .
( CNN ) -- A Michigan woman who fell asleep during a flight and woke up locked in an empty plane filed a lawsuit Thursday against United Airlines and a partner airline .
Ginger McGuire , 36 , spent nearly four hours on the plane after United Express Flight 8080 landed before she was discovered by a cleaning crew , according to the complaint filed in Wayne County Circuit Court .
" Waking up on an empty airplane and not being able to get out was very horrifying .
It 's a very dramatic word , but it was a little much , " McGuire said at a news conference .
Attorney Geoffrey Fieger , of Fieger Law in Southfield , Michigan , is representing McGuire .
United Airlines and Trans States Airlines , the carrier operating the United Express flight , are investigating the incident .
Trans States spokesman Fred Oxley said he could not comment on the suit 's allegations without reviewing the documents .
" On the incident itself , I can tell you that it did occur and certainly that investigation is ongoing , " Oxley said .
" Our procedures would call for the flight attendant before leaving the aircraft to do a sweep of the aircraft to ensure that there are no passengers left on .
So our focus is certainly on whether or not that procedure was accomplished in this case , " he said .
United Airlines said in a statement that it is working with Trans States " to investigate the cause and remedy the situation with the customer . "
McGuire is seeking between $ 25,000 and $ 75,000 in the suit which alleges negligence , infliction of emotional distress , false imprisonment and breach of contract .
The complaint outlines a series of delays that led up to McGuire falling asleep on the airplane .
McGuire was originally scheduled to leave Detroit , Michigan , at 6 a.m. Monday with a brief layover in the Washington area before continuing to Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
She did n't leave Washington for Philadelphia until 11:40 p.m .
United Express Flight 8080 arrived in Philadelphia just before 12:30 a.m. Tuesday .
McGuire was asleep when the plane landed and passengers and crew disembarked , the complaint said .
When a cleaning crew discovered McGuire four hours later , it alerted the Transportation Security Administration and McGuire was " wrongfully detained and interrogated , " the complaint alleges .
James Harrington , an attorney working with Fieger on the case , said the incident highlights a major safety issue .
" If my client , a completely unassuming person who was just exhausted ... and falls asleep , could go undetected , what if somebody is really trying to go undetected ? "
Harrington said .
" All the explanation could be is that it was just pure laziness .
There 's no other explanation or excuse , " he said .
Wayne Rooney 's forearm tattoo reflects his friendship with the Stereophonics but also displays his playfulness .
Just Enough Education to Perform was the band 's third album but it reads like Rooney 's two - fingered salute to an industry that wants to turn him into someone else .
England 's best player has had a few minor scrapes this week in the celebrosphere .
Last Friday , in a post - golf photo , he appeared to be turning his feet out at an angle that would convey a message scrawled on his shoes : " FCUK U Floyd " .
There was also a brief kerfuffle over shots of him relieving himself against some rocks during a round at Sun City on Sunday .
This followed the great Rooney swearing debate after he had used " vulgar " language ( the referee 's description ) to him in the practice match with Platinum Stars .
After his unconvincing start against the USA last Saturday it became fashionable to wonder whether he is pawing the ground in frustration at some mysterious irritation or his own loss of goalscoring form .
The only sensible conclusion from his appearance before the world 's media today is that Fabio Capello 's best weapon is still reassuringly himself and a long way from needing psychological assistance .
One of the assets that marked him out from other talented youngsters of his generation is his strong sense of self , of his own identity , if that is not straying too far into amateur character assessment .
Boredom , though , has eaten away at him here .
He talks of " sitting round , really .
Lying in bed at two in the afternoon , that 's quite boring .
Thankfully the games are on now and I watch them .
That takes a bit of the boredom away .
Sometimes it 's a long day .
But it 's worth it .
It 's brilliant to be training and playing but we need to watch our legs . "
We ask him to describe a typical day and he says : " Breakfast , train , lunch , bed , dinner , bed . "
After the USA match England 's players were given two DVDs : one of the game and a movie of their own performance .
Rooney stayed up late watching his .
" If I do n't play well and do n't do as well as I can do , I do n't worry about it , " he says .
" I watched the game that night .
I saw where I could do better , where I should have been .
It was quite interesting to watch . "
Some here feel he has been trying to force himself back to the heights he was at in a stellar season with Manchester United ; that he is fighting his body to make it peak twice in one campaign .
He is not dismissive of that theory : " When I was playing well and scoring this season , in training I was sharp and hungry .
That 's how I feel at the minute .
In Austria [ at England 's training camp ]
I had a few niggles and in training I held myself back .
But since we 've come over here I 've felt sharp and been flat out in training .
That 's important for me to do that to get my form back in the game . "
Rooney has not scored since the first leg of United 's Champions League quarter - final against Bayern Munich in Germany in March and his admission that he " had a few niggles " before this tournament confirms that his body is pleading to be rested .
Filing from radio to television to newspaper interview rooms ( all the England players take a turn , usually with all the relish of captured paratroopers ) , Rooney even endorsed a mid-season rest in England .
" Yes , it would be nice to have a winter break just after Christmas , at the start of January , " he said .
" I do n't think it would do any harm . "
Scrutiny is intense .
The other day Rooney 's golf group had to chase away a cameraman who stood on the course in front of the ball 's path as they were preparing to tee off .
At Manchester United he has settled into a routine of relative privacy but here his time outside the camp is treated as a public event .
He was asked about the rosary beads that swing from his neck in training : " I 've been wearing them forfour years now and you do n't usually watch training , " he said .
" Obviously I can't wear them in games . "
And what is their origin ?
" It 's my religion . "
The Football Association stepped in : " We do n't do religion . "
Rooney remains resistant to gentrification , if that means playing an actor 's role imposed from outside the world in which he feels most comfortable .
Hence the tattoo .
From the age of 16 , when he made his Everton debut , he was subjected to intense social pressure to conduct himself like Gary Lineker or Michael Owen .
Rooney 's evident preference was to mature at his own rate , and in his own way , rather than be dictated to by a corporation or a hypocritical and judgmental media .
Some of the concessions he may have made are to assist in the pursuit of commercial spin - offs ( " Every day I think of money " is a track on the Stereophonics album ) and some reflect the simple reality that people are not the same at 16 as they are at 24 , especially when they have become one of the world 's best footballers in the interim .
Wazza knows it would have been much easier not to waz on the golf club rocks but he did so anyway because there is only so far he will go to appease polite society .
The golf shoe stunt also suggested a preference for mischief over conformity and most England fans would support him in that leaning .
The most popular footballers tend to be those with a maverick or defiant streak .
Rooney has that quality to go with his pedigree as street footballer : a gifted lad who blasted out of a non-privileged upbringing without feeling the need to adopt airs and graces .
In a deeply unequal and still class - riddled society , many of Rooney 's rougher edges become a welcome restatement of character in the face of condescension .
The top United Nations aid official in Gaza said Sunday that dozens of masked gunmen have vandalized a UN summer camp being set up for children and teens on Gaza 's Mediterranean coast .
Open gallery view A UN - run summer camp after it was torched by masked gunmen in Gaza May 23 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
John Ging said the assailants tied up the guard early Sunday , burned tents and vandalized bathrooms .
UN officials say the attackers left behind three bullets and a note threatening to kill Ging and others unless the UN cancels its activities for some 250,000 Gaza children .
UN summer camps offer arts , sports and other activities .
There was no claim of responsibility for the attack , but sources say the assailants are likely extreme Islamists who view the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees , which runs the camp , as a Western body trying to wrestle control over Gaza .
In the past , Islamist extremists have set fire to dozens of Gaza internet cafes , shops that sell alcohol , and libraries and offices of Christian organizations .
The Hamas government issued condemnations of these crimes , as well as the burning of the UN camp , but has yet to achieve any real results .
Gaza 's Hamas rulers have set up rival camps .
Some Hamas leaders have also railed against UN camps .
Biography
Eric Blair was born in 1903 in Motihari , Bengal , in the then British colony of India , where his father , Richard , worked for the Opium Department of the Civil Service .
His mother , Ida , brought him to England at the age of one .
He did not see his father again until 1907 , when Richard visited England for three months before leaving again until 1912 .
Eric had an older sister named Marjorie and a younger sister named Avril .
With his characteristic humour , he would later describe his family 's background as " lower - upper - middle class . "
Education
At the age of five , Blair was sent to a small Anglican parish school in Henley , which his sister had attended before him .
He never wrote of his recollections of it , but he must have impressed the teachers very favourably for two years later he was recommended to the headmaster of one of the most successful preparatory schools in England at the time : St Cyprian 's School , in Eastbourne , Sussex .
Young Eric attended St Cyprian's on a scholarship that allowed his parents to pay only half of the usual fees .
Many years later , he would recall his time at St Cyprian 's with biting resentment in the essay " Such , Such Were the Joys , " but he did well enough to earn scholarships to both Wellington and Eton colleges .
After a term at Wellington , Eric moved to Eton , where he was a King 's Scholar from 1917 to 1921 .
Later in life he wrote that he had been " relatively happy " at Eton , which allowed its students considerable independence , but also that he ceased doing serious work after arriving there .
Reports of his academic performance at Eton vary : some claim he was a poor student , others deny this .
It is clear that he was disliked by some of his teachers , who resented what they perceived as disrespect for their authority .
In any event , during his time at the school Eric made lifetime friendships with a number of future British intellectuals .
Burma and afterwards
After finishing his studies at Eton , having no prospect of gaining a university scholarship and his family 's means being insufficient to pay his tuition , Eric joined the Indian Imperial Police in Burma .
He resigned and returned to England in 1928 having grown to hate imperialism ( as shown by his first novel Burmese Days , published in 1934 , and by such essays as ' A Hanging ' , and ' Shooting an Elephant ' ) .
He adopted his pen name in 1933 , while writing for the New Adelphi .
He chose a pen name that stressed his deep , lifelong affection for the English tradition and countryside : George is the patron saint of England ( and George V was monarch at the time ) , while the River Orwell in Suffolk was one of his most beloved English sites .
Orwell lived for several years in poverty , sometimes homeless , sometimes doing itinerant work , as he recalled in the book Down and Out in Paris and London .
He eventually found work as a schoolteacher until ill health forced him to give this up to work part - time as an assistant in a secondhand bookshop in Hampstead , an experience later recounted in the short novel Keep the Aspidistra Flying .
Spanish Civil War
Soon after the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War , Orwell volunteered to fight for the Republicans against Franco 's Nationalist uprising .
As a sympathiser of the Independent Labour Party ( of which he became a member in 1938 ) , he joined the militia of its sister party in Spain , the non-Stalinist far - left POUM ( Workers ' Party of Marxist Unification ) , in which he fought as an infantryman .
In Homage to Catalonia he described his admiration for the apparent absence of a class structure in the revolutionary areas of Spain he visited .
He also depicted what he saw as the betrayal of that workers ' revolution in Spain by the Spanish Communist Party , abetted by the Soviet Union and its secret police , after its militia attacked the anarchists and the POUM in Barcelona in May 1937 .
Orwell was shot in the neck ( near Huesca ) on May 20 , 1937 , an experience he described in his short essay " Wounded by a Fascist Sniper " , as well as in Homage to Catalonia .
He and his wife Eileen left Spain after narrowly missing being arrested as " Trotskyites " when the communists moved to suppress the POUM in June 1937 .
World war and after
Orwell began supporting himself by writing book reviews for the New English Weekly until 1940 .
During World War II he was a member of the Home Guard and in 1941 began work for the BBC Eastern Service , mostly working on programmes to gain Indian and East Asian support for Britain 's war efforts .
He was well aware that he was shaping propaganda , and wrote that he felt like " an orange that 's been trodden on by a very dirty boot . "
Despite the good pay , he resigned in 1943 to become literary editor of Tribune , the left - wing weekly then edited by Aneurin Bevan and Jon Kimche .
Orwell contributed a regular column entitled ' As I Please . '
In 1944 Orwell finished his anti-Stalinist allegory Animal Farm , which was published the following year with great critical and popular success .
The royalties from Animal Farm provided Orwell with a comfortable income for the first time in his adult life .
From 1945 Orwell was the Observer 's war correspondent and later contributed regularly to the Manchester Evening News .
He was a close friend of the Observer 's editor / owner , David Astor and his ideas had a strong influence on Astor 's editorial policies .
In 1949 his best - known work , the dystopian Nineteen Eighty - Four , was published .
He wrote the novel during his stay on the island of Jura , off the coast of Scotland .
Between 1936 and 1945 Orwell was married to Eileen O'Shaughnessy , with whom he adopted a son , Richard Horatio Blair ( b. May of 1944 ) .
She died in 1945 during an operation .
In the autumn of 1949 , shortly before his death , he married Sonia Brownell .
In 1949 Orwell was approached by a friend , Celia Kirwan , who had just started working for a Foreign Office unit , the Information Research Department , which had been set up by the Labour government to publish pro-democratic and anti-communist propaganda .
He gave her a list of 37 writers and artists he considered to be unsuitable as IRD authors because of their pro-communist leanings .
The list , not published until 2003 , consists mainly of journalists ( among them the editor of the New Statesman , Kingsley Martin ) but also includes the actors Michael Redgrave and Charlie Chaplin .
Orwell 's motives for handing over the list are unclear , but the most likely explanantion is the simplest : that he was helping out a friend in a cause - anti-Stalinism - that both supported .
There is no indication that Orwell ever abandoned the democratic socialism that he consistently promoted in his later writings - or that he believed the writers he named should be suppressed .
Orwell 's list was also accurate : the people on it had all at one time or another made pro-Soviet or pro-communist public pronouncements .
Orwell died at the age of 46 from tuberculosis which he had probably contracted during the period described in Down and Out in Paris and London .
He was in and out of hospitals for the last three years of his life .
Having requested burial in accordance with the Anglican rite , he was interred in All Saints ' Churchyard , Sutton Courtenay , Oxfordshire with the simple epitaph : Here lies Eric Arthur Blair , born June 25th 1903 , died January 21st 1950 .
Orwell 's work
During most of his career Orwell was best known for his journalism , both in the British press and in books of reportage such as Homage to Catalonia ( describing his experiences during the Spanish Civil War ) , Down and Out in Paris and London ( describing a period of poverty in these cities ) , and The Road to Wigan Pier ( which described the living conditions of poor miners in northern England ) .
According to Newsweek , Orwell " was the finest journalist of his day and the foremost architect of the English essay since Hazlitt . "
Contemporary readers are more often introduced to Orwell as a novelist , particularly through his enormously successful titles Animal Farm and Nineteen Eighty - Four .
The former is considered an allegory of the corruption of the socialist ideals of the Russian Revolution by Stalinism , and the latter is Orwell 's prophetic vision of the results of totalitarianism .
Orwell denied that Animal Farm was a reference to Stalinism .
Orwell had returned from Catalonia a staunch anti-Stalinist and anti-Communist , but he remained to the end a man of the left and , in his own words , a ' democratic socialist ' .
Orwell is also known for his insights about the political implications of the use of language .
In the essay " Politics and the English Language " , he decries the effects of cliche , bureaucratic euphemism , and academic jargon on literary styles , and ultimately on thought itself .
Orwell 's concern over the power of language to shape reality is also reflected in his invention of Newspeak , the official language of the imaginary country of Oceania in his novel Nineteen Eighty - Four .
Newspeak is a variant of English in which vocabulary is strictly limited by government fiat .
The goal is to make it increasingly difficult to express ideas that contradict the official line - with the final aim of making it impossible even to conceive such ideas .
( cf. Sapir - Whorf Hypothesis ) .
A number of words and phrases that Orwell coined in Nineteen Eighty - Four have entered the standard vocabularly , such as " memory hole , " " Big Brother , " " Room 101 , " " doublethink , " " thought police , " and " newspeak . "
This biography has been taken from Wikipedia.org and is available under GNU Free Documentation License
“ The government tried to shut him down , and when they could n’t , they agreed to pay for his men , ” said Martine van Bijlert , a co-director of the Afghanistan Analysts Network , an independent organization here .
NATO commanders say they reluctantly pay Mr. Matiullah ( and others like him ) for his services because they have no other way of moving their convoys across dangerous territory .
Having their own men do it , they say , would take them away from other tasks .
American Support
But Mr. Matiullah ’s role has grown beyond just business .
His militia has been adopted by American Special Forces officers to gather intelligence and fight insurgents .
Mr. Matiullah ’s compound sits about 100 yards from the American Special Forces compound in Tirin Kot .
A Special Forces officer , willing to speak about Mr. Matiullah only on the condition of anonymity , said his unit had an extensive relationship with Mr. Matiullah .
“ Matiullah is the best there is here , ” the officer said .
With his NATO millions , and the American backing , Mr. Matiullah has grown into the strongest political and economic force in the region .
He estimates that his salaries support 15,000 people in this impoverished province .
He has built 70 mosques with his own money , endowed scholarships in Kabul and begun holding weekly meetings with area tribal leaders .
His latest venture is a rock - crushing company that sells gravel to NATO bases .
This has irritated some local leaders , who say that the line between Mr. Matiullah ’s business interest and the government has disappeared .
“ What law says that a police officer can have a private security company ? ” said Juma Gul Hemat , the Oruzgan police chief , whose office is a few hundred yards from Mr. Matiullah’s .
“ Many times I have confronted Matiullah over his illegal business , ” Chief Hemat said .
“ But as long as the Americans are behind him , there is nothing I can do .
They are the ones with the money . ”
Image
The highway to Tirin Kot is in an area with many Taliban .
Both General Carter and Hanif Atmar , the Afghan interior minister , said they hoped to disband Mr. Matiullah ’s militia soon  or at least to bring it under formal government control .
Mr. Matiullah ’s operation , the officials said , is one of at least 23 private security companies working in the area without any government license or oversight .
Mexico foiled an attempt by Hezbollah to establish a network in South America , a Kuwaiti newspaper reported on Tuesday .
Hezbollah operatives employed Mexicans nationals with family ties to Lebanon to set up the network , designed to target Israel and the West , the Al - Seyassah daily said .
According to the report , Mexican police mounted a surveillance operation on the group 's leader , Jameel Nasr , who traveled frequently to Lebanon to receive information and instructions from Hezbollah commanders there .
Open gallery view Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah .
Credit : Reuters
Police say Nasr also made frequent trips to other countries in Latin America , including a two - month stay in Venezuela in the summer of 2008 .
Nasr was living in Tijuana , Mexico at the time of his arrest , the report said .
The report follows warnings from the United States that Hezbollah and its backer Iran are stepping up operations in the region .
In June , a U.S. congresswoman wrote to the Department of Homeland Security to warn that Hezbollah was increasing its presence in Central and South America .
In her letter , Congresswoman Sue Myrick called on the U.S. to work with Mexican forces , as there was intelligence that Hezbollah was working in conjunction with Mexican drug cartels on the U.S. - Mexico border .
In 2009 a U.S. commander tasked with overseeing U.S. military interests in the region said Hezbollah was linked to drug - trafficking in Colombia .
" We have seen ... an increase in a wide level of activity by the Iranian government in this region , " Admiral James Stavridis told the Senate Armed Services Committee .
" That is a concern principally because of the connections between the government of Iran , which is a state sponsor of terrorism , and Hezbollah , " he said .
In February a U.S. court in Miami indicted three men for raising funds for Hezbollah , which the U.S. classifies as a terrorist organization .
Hezbollah is believed to have been behind the bombing of a Jewish cultural center in the Argentinean capital Buenos Aires in 1994 , in which 85 people were killed .
ראובן קופיצ 'ינסקי ( 63 ) אחד מצלמי הפורטרטים המובילים בישראל .
במשך קרוב לארבעים שנות קריירה מפוארת הגיע ראובן לשיאים שצלמים בינלאומיים בודדים הגיעו אליהם .
היה תלמידו של ארנולד ניומן ( מגדולי צלמי הפורטרטים במאה ה - 20 ) , תמונותיו הופיעו במגזינים המכובדים בעולם ( החל בניוזוויק , ביזנס וויק , וכלה בפורבס ואחרים ) , נבחר לצלם מסעות פרסום רבי השפעה ( עם חברות כמו FEDERAL EXPRESS , קוקה קולה , מקדונלדס ועוד ומאז שובו מארה " ב לישראל בשנת 1993 , צילם קופי צ 'ינסקי עבור כמה מהמגזינים המובילים בארץ , צילומים לשערים וכתבות אמצע למוספי השבת של " מעריב " וידיעות אחרונות " , עבד עם משרדי הפרסום הגדולים בארץ לקמפיינים של החברות המובילות במשק כמו YES , פלאפון ,
מתוך ההכרה כי עולה בידיו לעיתים קרובות להעצים את מימד הפוטוגניות של מצולמיו החל לחקור מדוע יש אנשים שהמצלמה " אוהבת " יותר מאחרים .
וכך , לאחר מחקר ארוך שנים של מהות הפוטוגניות , תבע את המושג " מודעות פוטוגנית " ויצר שיטת עבודה ייחודית המשלבת צילום ופסיכולוגיה להשגת תמונת דיוקן שהמצולם ישמח ויהיה גאה בה .
With the release of GDM 2 ( 2.22 + ) , we lost the ability to theme ( well , it 's still possible but only to a small extent ) the GDM login screen but with the arrival of Gnome Shell it should be very easy to theme everything Gnome Shell can be " skinned " with some basic CSS knowledge
Browsing the Gnome Shell wiki @ live .
gnome.org , I stumbled upon some great login screen and lock screen mockups which you can view below :
And here is also a Lock Screen mockup :
And here is also a
Please note : these are only mockups so far .
What do you think about these login / lock screen mockups ?
credits for the mockups : William Jon McCann @ live.gnome.org ]
From The Daily Capitalist
Fitch reported today that commercial real estate ( CRE ) values continue to decline giving rise to greater loan losses on CRE .
On the average throughout 2009 , lenders recovered 43 cents on the dollar on distressed loans .
They see the loss rate only going up .
The average loss severity rate or the ratio of realized loss to liquidation balance for U.S. commercial mortgaged - backed securities ( CMBS ) loans resolved with losses in 2009 was 57 % compared to the 43 % rate in 2008 , according to new data from Fitch Ratings .
Those losses outpace the cumulative historical average of 37.2 % .
" Loss severities are expected to remain above the current cumulative average through 2011 , " said Fitch managing director Mary MacNeill .
" Assets liquidated in the current economic environment will be those not likely to see cash flow improvement from an extension or modification . "
" Assets will take longer to resolve as special servicers continue to see high volumes of underperforming loans , " added Fitch senior director Richard Carlson .
" Continued high inventory and the declining frequency of modifications means there is no relief is in sight . " ...
" Property value is the barometer of potential losses for CRE debt , " [ Xiaojing Li , senior debt analyst for CoStar Group ] said .
" In the first quarter of 2010 , there were already $ 270 million in losses via liquidation .
Among the $ 17.7 billion in loans newly added to special servicers this year , 7 % have already had appraisal reductions , threatening a new wave of losses . "
Losses by property type were :
* Hotel : 81.9 % .
* Multifamily : 58 %
* Office : 56.9 %
* Industrial : 48.8 % and
* Retail : 48.2 % .
I am reprinting this refi timeline chart to give you a better idea of the problem :
As you can see , there is a huge problem through 2013 .
Which translates into fall CRE prices .
This price index from Moody 's in March :
There are factors that are positive and negative at work in the economy with regard to CRE .
First , lenders are in trouble .
CRE is held mainly by local and regional banks .
However the very large loans are held by many insurers .
S&P and Moody 's recently downgraded some insurers as a result of this , despite the fact the insurers had raised $ 32 billion in capital .
Downgraded were :
NLV Financial Corp. and subsidiaries , Pacific LifeCorp and subsidiaries , and Principal Financial Group Inc. and subsidiaries .
The ratings on MetLife Inc. and subsidiaries remain on CreditWatch , where they were placed on Feb. 3 , 2010 .
Standard & Poor 's affirmed its ratings on Teachers Insurance & Annuity Assoc. of America ( TIAA ) ; the outlook on TIAA remains negative .
Only New York Life Insurance Co. was upgraded - to stable from negative and its ratings affirmed .
...
Basically S&P argues that current economic conditions in commercial real estate are tantamount to a ' BBB ' scenario and insurers must have fundamentals to withstand even worse economic conditions to get a higher rating .
For an insurer to rate a ' AAA ' financial strength rating , for example , it would have to withstand the Great Depression - not the one that just past but the one of the early 1930s .
Second , this is why regional and local banks are in trouble .
See my article , " How Bad Economic Theory Caused Santa Barbara Bank & Trust To Fail
The other side of the coin is that the vultures are gathering .
For example , insurers who have licked their wounds clean are ready to jump back in :
Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. Chief Executive Officer Liam McGee , who promised to reduce risk when the bailed - out insurer hired him eight months ago , is comfortable enough with his work that he ’s looking for deals in the U.S. property market .
“ We ’re no longer on our heels when it comes to real estate , ” McGee said in an interview yesterday at Bloomberg headquarters in New York .
“ Our bias going forward would be less about selling and more about realizing value . ”
Read this as cherry - picking .
Add to that the pools of capital that local investors are putting together on the sidelines , waiting to jump in as they see values making sense .
Based on my knowledge of these markets , this phenomenon is nationwide , and represents a huge pool of capital in the aggregate .
What these buyers will do is act as a backstop to the CRE market .
I can't guess what that level will be , but I believe the vultures are getting impatient .
I believe there is still a lot of risk in this market , but then I am very adverse to risk .
Most of what I hear is anecdotal but investors are chasing yields , and in the right market with the right property that makes sense .
I just do n't think we are at bottom yet .
And this will continue to harm the small banks .
Without the small banks recovering I believe we will continue to have problems with a lack of liquidity , a credit freeze , deflation , and a slow recovery .
I have been married for almost 10 years and my wife and I have great sex .
I want to try something new with her
Russian car insurance commercial : BOOBS !
Note : to turn off these warnings you need to set the ' safe mode ' to OFF ( on the top right )
Michael Schumacher says that he is looking forward to the challenge of adapting to a new circuit when Formula One moves to Valencia for the European Grand Prix .
" Valencia is a track which I have never raced on before so it will be another new experience for me but one which I am very much looking forward to , " said Schumacher .
" I always have been quite good in adapting quickly to new situations and I strongly expect that to be the case in Valencia .
I like going into new experiences like this and having detailed discussions with my engineers about the challenge .
" We will bring further updates for our car which should help to improve the performance .
We have already seen that the car has improved steadily over the last few races and in Canada , the pace was better even if unfortunately that did not show in the results .
That 's why I look forward to travelling to Spain a great deal . "
Like Schumacher , team - mate Nico Rosberg is hoping that some new upgrades to the car will bring about further improvement .
" Valencia is a really good track and not what you would usually expect from a typical street circuit , " said Rosberg .
" There are a lot of corners but it 's quite fast and flowing which combined with the barriers that line the circuit means that you have to keep your concentration levels high .
I hope that the upgrades we have for Valencia will bring further improvements . "
Chores may be exercise enough
The research on more than 200,000 women from nine European countries found doing household chores was far more cancer protective than playing sport .
Dusting , mopping and vacuuming was also better than having a physical job .
The women in the Cancer Research UK - funded study spent an average of 16 to 17 hours a week cooking , cleaning and doing the washing .
Something as simple and cheap as doing the housework can help
Dr Lesley Walker of Cancer Research UK
Experts have long known that physical exercise can reduce the risk of breast cancer , probably through hormonal and metabolic changes .
But it has been less clear how much and what types of exercise are necessary for this risk reduction .
And much of past work has examined the link between exercise and breast cancer in post - menopausal women only .
The latest study looked at both pre- and post - menopausal women and a range of activities , including work , leisure and housework .
All forms of physical activity combined reduced the breast cancer risk in post - menopausal women , but had no obvious effect in pre-menopausal women .
Chores protected
Out of all of the activities , only housework significantly reduced the risk of both pre- and post - menopausal women getting the disease .
Housework cut breast cancer risk by 30 % among the pre-menopausal women and 20 % among the post - menopausal women .
The women were studied over an average of 6.4 years , during which time there were 3,423 cases of breast cancer .
The international authors said their results suggested that moderate forms of physical activity , such as housework , may be more important than less frequent but more intense recreational physical activity in reducing breast cancer risk .
Dr Lesley Walker of Cancer Research UK said : " We already know that women who keep a healthy weight are less likely to develop breast cancer .
" This study suggests that being physically active may also help reduce the risk and that something as simple and cheap as doing the housework can help . "
He recommend that men and women take regular exercise and maintain a healthy body weight to help prevent cancer .
The research is published in the journal Cancer Epidemiology Biomarkers and Prevention .
We ’ve blown so many enormous opportunities over the past several years .
In the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11 , 2001 , when most of the world had lined up in support of the United States , President George W. Bush had the chance to lead a vast cooperative , international effort to combat terrorism and lay the groundwork for a more peaceful , more secure world .
He blew it with the invasion of Iraq .
In the tragic aftermath of Hurricane Katrina , we had not just the chance but an obligation to call on our best talent to creatively rebuild the historic city of New Orleans .
That could have kick - started a major renovation of the nation ’s infrastructure and served as the incubator for a new and desperately needed urban policy .
Despite President Bush ’s vow of “ bold action ” during a carefully staged , nationally televised appearance in the French Quarter , we did nothing of the kind .
The collapse of the economy in the Great Recession gave us the starkest , most painful evidence imaginable of the failure of laissez - faire economics and the destructive force of the alliance of big business and government against the interests of ordinary Americans .
Radical change was called for .
( One thinks of Franklin Roosevelt raging against the “ economic royalists ” and asserting that “ we need to correct , by drastic means if necessary , the faults in our economic system from which we now suffer . ” )
But there has been no radical change , only caution and timidity and more of the same .
The royalists remain triumphant and working people are absorbing blow after devastating blow .
More than 1.2 million of the long - term jobless are due to lose their unemployment benefits this month .
" Here 's the difference between a businessman and a politician : Businessmen focus on solutions .
Politicians focus on ' who can we blame ? ' " he said .
" We have to be managers right now , not politicians .
No photo ops . "
The administration 's finger - pointing is a petty distraction while the oil continues to gush , according to Welch .
" There will be time for a criminal investigation when the oil stops leaking out of the ocean .
Until then , every resource should be directed towards solving that problem , " he said .
Since day one of the explosion , Obama has insisted that BP pays for its mess , and Senate Democrats are currently negotiating a $ 20 billion escrow fund to ensure it does just that .
But Welch said Obama 's request for money may not have even been legal , and that the $ 20 billion Obama publically requested from BP has probably been agreed in secret with the oil company already , because " I do n't even know if it 's legal . "
The spill — by far the worst in US history — has rekindled the debate about whether or not America is overly dependent on oil .
In his speech from the Oval Office on Tuesday , President Obama summoned Americans to a " national mission " to move away from oiltowards renewable energy , casting the disaster as a golden opportunity to create clean - energy jobs .
But Welch thinks that selling the push towards renewable energy as a " jobs package " is " crazy . "
The incident may have been a stark reminder of the hazards of oil production , but Welch believes that the world will be using fossil fuels in the near future .
Photo by raymaclean on Flickr .
Some rights reserved
A simple solution to the Flash Player on iPhone problem ( row ? endless black hole of argument ? ) has been suggested .
It 's so simple it 's marvellous .
To recap : Apple wo n't allow Adobe 's Flash on the iPhone , iPod Touch or iPad .
It wo n't add a Flash plugin to the browser , MobileSafari .
It wo n't allow Flash Player to be offered through the App Store .
So there 's no way for the Flash Player to get onto the iPhone / iPod Touch , right ?
Wrong .
Because - as Scott Earle ( aka @poorlyrendered ) points out - there is a way for Adobe to show that Apple is wrong , completely wrong , and that Adobe is right , completely right , about how Flash will run so well on the iPhone .
Assuming it will .
It 's this : write a version of Flash Player and offer it to owners of jailbroken iPhones .
As the blog writer ( who remains anonymous .. )
Earle [ who gave his permission to use his name after this went up ] points out ,
" On a jailbroken iPhone or iPad , you you can install anything , from bash to a clunky multitasking implementation , to background apps that monitor the way the phone is being used .
Absolutely anything . "
" Go on Adobe – you are saying that your Flash Player is so good , and how it will work so well on the iPhone , despite the fact that you have not yet managed to get it working to " release " quality on Android , or any other mobile platform yet .
Lets see what you 've got ! "
" Apple say that Flash content relies on mouse - hovers , and that wo n't work so well on an iPhone or iPad – so prove them wrong ! "
" Apple say that Flash Player is unreliable ( and the videos you can find of it dying horribly during a demo on the Android OS do n't help , frankly ) , so show them that it 's not ! "
" Apple say that the performance would suck on the lesser CPUs used on mobile devices , so lets see how well it performs ! "
" Finally , there is the issue of battery life .
Adobe say this would not be a problem , and Apple say it would .
Show us ! "
" Adobe : Please release a Flash Player for the iPhone and iPad OS , that can be installed on a jailbroken iPhone or iPad .
Prove to us that what you are saying is true , and that Apple are telling lies for some evil purpose . "
It 's a brilliant , Gordian knot solution to this whole row .
Adobe does n't have to argue with Apple because it does n't have to submit it through the App Store - it can just let people download it directly from its site .
( Check those MD5 hashes , of course : criminals will love to pretend that they 've got a " Flash Player " to offer you , which will probably root / kit your phone . )
Go on , Adobe - stop with the advertising campaigns that do nothing except give people something to snark about , and get your developers onto it .
Because it really is true : there are thousands of owners of jailbroken iPhones out there who would love to be the first to show off theirs running Flash Player .
Nothing persuades like success .
Weds 19 May : Updated with Scott Earle 's details .
Here 's the E3 trailer for Sony 's hotly - anticipated PS3 racer , Gran Turismo 5 .
Those still hanging for its release will notice something is missing .
Yes , a release date .
It 's not there .
Just lots and lots of pretty cars .
Guess we 'll have to wait for Sony 's E3 press conference next week for word on when people will actually be able to buy this thing .
The Big Short : Inside the Doomsday Machine by Michael Lewis Norton , 266 pp. , $ 27.95
Not the least striking revelation of Michael Lewis ’s excellent book , The Big Short , is that this author of financial best - sellers has changed his mind .
In a column for Bloomberg News in early 2007 , he praised the rapidly expanding market for derivatives .
Visiting the annual meeting of financiers and policymakers at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , that year , he was exasperated by the fears of some of the participants .
“ None of them seemed to understand that when you create a derivative you do n’t add to the sum total of risk in the financial world , ” he wrote , sounding arguments very similar to those made by Alan Greenspan .
“ You merely create a means for redistributing that risk .
They have no evidence that financial risk is being redistributed in ways we should all worry about . ”
As we now know , derivatives were the instruments that enabled Wall Street to stretch capital dangerously far — and were at the center of the financial crisis that began that year .
They are investment contracts between two parties based on other securities , which require little capital up - front , enabling buyers and sellers to take temporary large investment stakes inexpensively , including in mortgage securities .
“ What we have found over the years in the marketplace is that derivatives have been an extraordinarily useful vehicle to transfer risk from those who should n’t be taking it to those who are willing to and are capable of doing so , ” Greenspan told Congress in 2003 .
Lewis wrote in 2007 : “ The most striking thing about the growing derivatives markets is the stability that has come with them . ”
Soon after Lewis ’s column , the housing market crashed .
Then , in the fall of 2008 , the financial markets collapsed as well , business lending worldwide came to a standstill , and Lewis apparently began to reconsider practically everything he had written on this subject .
He heard that a hedge fund manager named John Paulson made $ 4 billion betting against mortgages by means of derivatives .
“ It was late 2008 , ” he writes in The Big Short .
“ By then there was a long and growing list of pundits who claimed they predicted the catastrophe , but a far shorter list of people who actually did . ”
Lewis , whose first book , Liar ’s Poker ( 1989 ) , was a revealing insider ’s account of the beginnings of the new mortgage markets , decided to find out what the handful of people who did “ stand apart from mass hysteria ” understood that others did n’t .
Through these contrarians , he untangles in depth the sources of the crisis in ways that none of the recent literature on the subject has matched .
Lewis shows that abstract principles govern the affairs of men much less than do plain , homely , and base human motives .
The financial crisis , he concludes , was the work of people on Wall …
Have you ever noticed that it ’s much more fun getting into debt than it is getting out of it ?
While it takes just a short time to create mountains of debt , it can sometimes take decades to reverse it .
Everyone deals with their finances differently , and there are many ways to dig yourself out of a financial hole .
In fact , people who find themselves in debt often use multiple methods …
I ’m always amazed that more people do n’t know the little tricks you can use to get more out of a simple Google search .
Here are 10 of my favorites .
1 . Use the “ site : ” operator to limit searches to a particular site .
I use this one all the time , and it ’s particularly handy because many site ’s built - in search tools do n’t return the results you ’re looking for ( and some sites do n’t even have a search feature ) .
If I ’m looking for WWD posts about GTD , for example , I could try this search : GTD site:webworkerdaily.com .
2. Use Google as a spelling aid .
As Rob Hacker — the WWD reader I profiled last week — pointed out , entering a word into Google is a quick way to see if you have the right spelling .
If it ’s incorrect , Google will suggest the correct spelling instead .
Additionally , if you want to get a definition of a word , you can use the “ define : ” operator to return definitions from various dictionaries ( for example , define : parasympathetic ) .
3. Use Google as a calculator .
Google has a built - in calculator — try entering a calculation like 110 * ( 654/8 + 3 ) .
Yes , your computer also has a calculator , but if you spend most of your day inside a browser , typing your calculation into the browser ’s search box is quicker than firing up your calculator app .
4 . Find out what time it is anywhere in the world .
This one ’s really handy if you want to make sure that you ’re not phoning someone in the middle of the night .
Just search for “ time ” and then the name of the city .
For example , try : time San Francisco
5 . Get quick currency conversions .
Google can also do currency conversion , for example : 100 pounds in dollars .
It only has the more mainstream currencies , though — if you ’re trying to see how many Peruvian nuevos soles your dollars might buy , you ’ll be out of luck .
If you would like to convert minor currencies , be sure to be specific about the country .
So , if you want to find out how many nuevos soles your dollars might buy , you could try : 100 dollars in Peruvian nuevos soles .
6 . Use the OR operator .
This can be useful if you ’re looking at researching a topic but you ’re not sure which keywords will return the information you need .
It can be particularly handy in conjunction with the “ site : ” operator .
For example , you could try this search : GTD OR “ getting things done ” site:webworkerdaily.com
7. Exclude specific terms with the – operator .
You can narrow your searches using this operator .
For example , if you ’re looking for information about American Idol but do n’t want anything about Simon Cowell , you could try : “ american idol ” - cowell
8. Search for specific document types .
Google can search the web for specific types of files using the “ filetype : ” operator .
If you ’re looking for PowerPoint files about GTD , for example , you could try : GTD filetype : ppt
9 . Search within numerical ranges using the .. operator .
Say , for example , you want to look for information about Olympic events that took place in the 1950 ’s , you could use this search : Olympics 1950 ..
1960
10 . Area code lookup .
Need to know where a phone number is located ?
Google will let you know where it is , and show you a map of the area , too .
For example : 415
What are your favorite Google search tricks ?
Copyright 2010 GigaOm .
All Rights Reserved .
Although I may be musically skilled , the internets tend to confuse me at times .
As a result , it has taken me multiple months to figure out how to make the blog page on my site work correctly .
But alas , it works now , and I ’m excited .
You may not be excited because you may not want to have anything to do with my thoughts .
But if you feel that way , why are you still reading this ?
Huh ?
Anyway , since this is my first blog post , I wanted to talk a bit about my philosophy of composing music for video games .
And since they ’re more fun to read ( and since you will probably skim this anyway ) , I will write out my philosophy in the form of a top ten list .
Full MIDI score of Orchestral Adventure .
10 . Play games .
How can you write good video game music if you do n’t actually play them ?
While you should definitely play the huge AAA games ( my favorites are MW2 and Halo 3 ) , especially check out indie games , because they have some of the most creative music , such as in Alchemia .
9 . Help with PR .
Tweet .
Post on Reddit .
Talk about it .
Tell people about it .
If your music is in a game , you should help the developers get the word out about their game .
After all , it is in your best interest for people to know about your work as well .
For example , “ Hey guys , check out the awesome game Tilt to Live !!!!!!!!!1one ”
8 . Be approachable .
Everything you do should make you seem like a personable professional ( even if you ’re not ) .
Tweet about your life .
Blog about your musical endeavors .
If you give off the vibe that you are non-personable or unprofessional , no one is going to want to work with you .
7. Admit shortcomings .
You ca n’t do everything ( well , if you can , contact me – I ’d like to work with you ) .
Let ’s say for example that you are commissioned to make a specific sound effect .
You try and try but the developer just is n’t happy with it .
Admit your shortcoming , do n’t charge them for your failed attempt , and try harder next time .
6 . Be as responsive as possible .
Do n’t be one of those people who gets an email , thinks “ Eh , I ’ll respond later , ” then forgets about it for days .
Respond to emails immediately .
Respond to Twitter mentions as well .
And to comments on your posts .
People hate waiting .
5 . Be trustworthy .
I do n’t care what the agreement is , just stick to it .
If you agree that you ’ll compose a song for $ 100 and it ends up taking more work than you thought , suck it up .
It ’s annoying and rude to ask for more money once a deal is made .
4 . Be flexible and humble .
Being a video game music composer – especially over the internet – involves a lot of trial and error .
Although developers try their best to relay what they want in a game ’s music , the truth is that many of them know as much about music as I know about programming ( zero ) .
When a developer tells you to adjust your song , do your best to change it to their liking .
They are usually the ones who know what ’s best for their game , they just may not be able to explain it in terms a musician understands .
And never charge them an extra fee .
The way I see it , they are paying me for quality of the music , not quantity of time .
3 . Be creative .
Do n’t be that guy who always writes EPIC ORCHESTRAL SCORES .
Be different .
Gamers want to hear something new , fresh , and exciting .
A great example of creativity in game music is in ilomilo .
2 . Match the feel of the game .
One of the most important things about game music is that it is appropriate for the game .
Do whatever you can to help fit the music into the world the developers have created .
For example , when I was composing Tilt to Live ’s Code Red Theme , I listened first to the original music in the game and tried my best to recreate the jazzy , surfer feel .
Samsung has announced that their Android based tablet , the Galaxy Tab will go on sale some time this summer , although they still have n’t given us any details on how much they intend to charge us for the Galaxy Tab .
The Samsung Galaxy Tab will be available with three different screen sizes , a 7 inch model , and eight inch model , and a 10 inch model , and it will come with Google Android 2.1 .
Other specifications that we know about is that it will be powered by a 1.2GHz A8 processor , will come with 16GB of built in storage and a microSD card slot that will give you a total of 32 GB of storage .
The screens on these new Android tablets will be a Super AMOLED display , it certainly looks like one of the most interesting Android tablets we have seen so far .
Have a look and our article on Android vs iPhone to see which smartphone and mobile platform is best for you .
via TFTS
Latest Geeky Gadgets Deals
Chances are , you just typed " Kelly formula " or " Kelly criterion " into a search engine .
The Kelly criterion is a money - management formula of passionate interest ( and controversy ) to card players , sports bettors , investors , hedge fund managers , and economists .
One topic you wo n't find much about on the Web is Kelly himself .
In the hope of remedying that , I 've started this page .
I am the author of a book , Fortune 's Formula ( Hill and Wang , 2005 ) , in which John Kelly is a key figure .
Kelly was a Bell Labs physicist and computer scientist of diverse accomplishments and interests .
I imagine he would have thought it odd that his name would be linked above all to his " gambling formula . "
So who was Kelly ?
How did he get a money - management formula named after him ?
John Larry Kelly , Jr. ( 1923-65 ) , was born in Corsicana , Texas .
He came of age during World War II and spent four years as a flyer for the Naval Air Force .
A capable pilot , he survived a plane crash into the ocean .
Kelly did undergraduate and graduate work at the University of Texas , Austin .
His 1953 Ph.D. topic was an " Investigation of second order elastic properties of various materials . "
This led to work in the oil industry .
As Kelly told the story , his employer , a successful wildcatter , would smell the soil and drill by instinct , ignoring Kelly 's carefully prepared scientific recommendations .
The oilman 's hunches were so unerring that Kelly decided he was in the wrong line of work .
He accepted a job offer from Bell Labs .
Bell Labs , in Murray Hill , New Jersey , was one of the world 's most prestigious scientific research centers .
Kelly was barely 30 when he arrived .
His Texas drawl set him apart ( oddly , it seemed to grow deeper the more years he lived in New Jersey ) .
So did his interest in guns .
Kelly belonged to a gun club and counted a Magnum pistol among his prize possessions .
Kelly was married to the former Myldred Parham .
Myldred was herself a pilot and had been the executive officer of a MASH unit in India during the war .
As a couple , the Kellys were ruthless tournament bridge players .
They raised three children -- Patricia , Karen , and David -- in a suburban house in Berkeley Heights , New Jersey .
Kelly was " a lot of fun , the life of the party , " I was told .
Another associate described him as a " wild man . "
One tale claims that Kelly once earned a reprimand by prankishly flying a plane under the George Washington bridge .
In another story , Kelly was at a conference on Cape Cod where a new rocket - powered ejection seat for pilots was being shown .
Kelly decided it would be interesting to see if the seat really worked .
He and several others put the seat in the back of a convertible and drove around Cape Cod looking ( unsuccessfully ) for a suitable place to launch it .
Kelly was a chain - smoker .
Even in the family 's home movies , Kelly is puffing away as he watches the children in the pool .
Daughter Karen Kelly recalls that " Not only did we have guns and rifles in our house , but my father also had equipment to make bullets .
He used to entertain people with shooting bullets with plastic or gummy inserts into a stone wall in the house .
My mom said it was annoying to get them out . "
One of Kelly 's best friends at Bell Labs was a fellow Texan , Ben Logan .
Each morning , Kelly and Logan would make coffee , then go into Logan 's office .
Kelly would immediately put his feet up on the chalk rim of the blackboard and light up a cigarette .
Faced with a difficult problem , Kelly would think a moment , take another drag , and say something showing the most amazing insight .
Many rated Kelly the smartest person at Bell Labs next to Claude Shannon himself .
Shannon was in a class by himself .
He had single - handedly created the abstract theory of communication called information theory .
Shannon presciently realized that computers could express numbers , words , pictures , audio , and video as strings of digital 1s and 0s .
Information theory underlies the Internet and today 's wired , and wireless , world .
At Bell Labs , Kelly was working on data compression schemes for the still - young medium of television .
This brought him into Shannon 's new field .
Kelly made an ingenious connection between information theory , gambling -- and television .
On June 7 , 1955 , American television debuted a new quiz show called The $ 64,000 Question .
The show was a sensation .
It captured as much as 85 percent of the viewing audience and led to dozens of copycat shows .
Kelly heard about a peculiar scam in the news .
Some viewers of The $ 64,000 Question were placing bets on which contestants would win .
The show was produced in New York and aired live on the East Coast .
It was delayed three hours on the West Coast .
According to the news story , one West Coast gambler learned the winners by phone and placed his bets before the West Coast airing .
Thinking about this convinced Kelly that a gambler with " inside information " could use some of Shannon 's equations to achieve the highest possible return on his capital .
Shannon was intrigued by this application and urged Kelly to publish his finding .
Kelly 's article appeared ( under the opaque title " A New Interpretation of Information Rate " ) in a 1956 issue of the Bell System Technical Journal .
Kelly wryly presented his idea as a system for betting on fixed horse races .
A " gambler with a private wire " gets advance word of the races ' outcomes .
The natural impulse is to bet everything you 've got on the horse that 's supposed to win .
But when the gambler adopts this policy , he is sure to lose everything on the first bum tip .
Alternatively , the gambler could play it safe and bet a minimal amount on each tip .
This squanders the considerable advantage the inside tips supply .
In Kelly 's analysis , the smart gambler should be interested in " compound return " on capital .
He showed that the same math Shannon used in his theory of noisy communications channels applies to the gambler .
The gambler 's optimal policy is to maximize the expected logarithm of wealth .
Though an aggressive policy , this offers important downside protection .
Since log(0 ) is negative infinity , the ideal Kelly gambler never accepts even a small risk of losing everything .
You do n't even have to know what a logarithm is to use the so - called Kelly formula .
You should wager this fraction of your bankroll on a favorable bet :
edge/odds
The edge is how much you expect to win , on the average , assuming you could make this wager over and over with the same probabilities .
It is a fraction because the profit is always in proportion to how much you wager .
At a racetrack , the edge is diminished by the track take .
When your edge is zero or negative , the Kelly criterion says not to bet .
Odds means the public or tote - board odds .
It measures the profit if you win .
The odds will be something like 8:1 , meaning that a winning wager receives 8 times the amount wagered plus return of the wager itself .
In the Kelly formula , odds is not necessarily a good measure of probability .
Odds are set by market forces , by everyone else 's beliefs about the chance of winning .
These beliefs may be wrong .
In fact , they have to be wrong for the Kelly gambler to have an edge .
The odds do not factor in the Kelly gambler 's inside tips .
Example :
The tote board odds for Seabiscuit are 5:1 .
Odds are a fraction -- 5:1 means 5/1 or 5 .
The 5 is all you need .
The tips convince you that Seabiscuit actually has a 1 in 3 chance of winning .
Then by betting $ 100 on Seabiscuit you stand a 1/3 chance of ending up with $ 600 .
On the average , that is worth $ 200 , a net profit of $ 100 .
The edge is the $ 100 profit divided by the $ 100 wager , or simply 1 .
The Kelly formula , edge / odds , is 1/ 5 .
This means that you should bet one - fifth of your bankroll on Seabiscuit .
This version of the formula does not take into account the effect of one 's own bet on the odds .
It has the virtue of being easy to remember and applicable to other forms of gambling like blackjack .
By always making the Kelly bet , you increase your bankroll faster than with any system .
That 's the good news .
The bad news is that it 's a rough ride .
Downward plunges of wealth are frequent and steep .
This can be rectified through diversification ( as in team play in blackjack , or at a hedge fund , where the manager makes many simultaneous " bets " with low correlation ) .
For the lone player betting on a single hand or horse , the Kelly formula demands guts and patience -- hence the controversy .
Many have found the " half Kelly " strategy to be a good compromise .
You bet half of edge / odds .
This achieves ¾ the compound return of Kelly betting with much less volatility .
Kelly had originally titled his article " Information Theory and Gambling . "
That bothered some AT&T executives , as did his mention of a " private wire . "
Throughout the twentieth century , AT&T had leased wires to organized crime figures who ran " wire services " reporting racetrack results to bookies .
Even in the 1950s , bookies were still big customers .
The executives feared the press might conclude from Kelly 's article that Bell Labs was doing work to benefit illegal gamblers .
They pressured Kelly to change the title of his paper to " A New Interpretation of Information Rate . "
In fact , the executives did n't have much to worry about .
Virtually no one took much note of the article when it first appeared .
The practical application of the Kelly criterion began in the early 1960s , after MIT student Ed Thorp told Shannon about his card - counting system for blackjack .
Shannon referred him to Kelly 's article .
Thorp used it to compute optimal bets in blackjack and later in the securities markets .
It was Thorp 's success as hedge fund manager that made Wall Street start to take notice of the Kelly criterion .
Kelly died tragically young , of a brain hemorrhage at the age of 41 .
He was by then the head of Bell Labs ' information coding and programming department and the author of several patents .
Kelly has one further claim to fame .
In 1961 Kelly and colleague Carol Lochbaum demonstrated a new voice synthesis system by making a recording of their machine singing the song " Daisy Bell , " better known as " Bicycle Built for Two . "
It was the latter that inspired the death scene of the computer HAL in Stanley Kubrick 's film 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
Science - fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke had visited Bell Labs in the mid 1960s and heard Kelly 's recording .
In Clarke 's screenplay , HAL is unplugged and reverts to a childish state , singing the same song that Kelly 's computer did .
-- William Poundstone
I would welcome any recollections from those who knew Kelly .
You can contact me by clicking here .
Text adapted from Fortune 's Formula , © 2005 William Poundstone .
Kelly photo courtesy of Ben Logan
Paradoxes have been around since the time of Ancient Greeks & the credit of popularizing them goes to recent logicians .
Using logic you can usually find a fatal flaw in the paradox which shows why the seemingly impossible is either possible or the entire paradox is built on flawed thinking .
Can you all work out the problems in each of the 11 paradoxes shown here ?
If you do , post your solutions or the fallacies in the comments .
11 The Omnipotence Paradox
The paradox states that if the being can perform such actions , then it can limit its own ability to perform actions and hence it cannot perform all actions , yet , on the other hand , if it cannot limit its own actions , then that is — straight off — something it cannot do .
This seems to imply that an omnipotent being ’s ability to limit itself necessarily means that it will , indeed , limit itself .
This paradox is often formulated in terms of the God of the Abrahamic religions , though this is not a requirement .
One version of the omnipotence paradox is the so - called paradox of the stone : “ Could an omnipotent being create a stone so heavy that even that being could not lift it ? ”
If so , then it seems that the being could cease to be omnipotent ; if not , it seems that the being was not omnipotent to begin with .
An answer to the paradox is that having a weakness , such as a stone he cannot lift , does not fall under omnipotence , since the definition of omnipotence implies having no weaknesses .
For more brain - twisting paradoxes , check out Paradoxes at Amazon.com !
10 The Sorites ’ Paradox
The paradox goes as follows : consider a heap of sand from which grains are individually removed .
One might construct the argument , using premises , as follows :
1,000,000 grains of sand is a heap of sand .
( Premise 1 )
A heap of sand minus one grain is still a heap .
( Premise 2 )
Repeated applications of Premise 2 ( each time starting with one less grain ) , eventually forces one to accept the conclusion that a heap may be composed of just one grain of sand .
On the face of it , there are some ways to avoid this conclusion .
One may object to the first premise by denying 1,000,000 grains of sand makes a heap .
But 1,000,000 is just an arbitrarily large number , and the argument will go through with any such number .
So the response must deny outright that there are such things as heaps .
Peter Unger defends this solution .
Alternatively , one may object to the second premise by stating that it is not true for all collections of grains that removing one grain from it still makes a heap .
Or one may accept the conclusion by insisting that a heap of sand can be composed of just one grain .
9 The Interesting number paradox
Claim :
There is no such thing as an uninteresting natural number .
Proof by Contradiction : Assume that you have a non-empty set of natural numbers that are not interesting .
Due to the well - ordered property of the natural numbers , there must be some smallest number in the set of not interesting numbers .
Being the smallest number of a set one might consider not interesting makes that number interesting .
Since the numbers in this set were defined as not interesting , we have reached a contradiction because this smallest number cannot be both interesting and uninteresting .
Therefore the set of uninteresting numbers must be empty , proving there is no such thing as an uninteresting number .
8 The arrow paradox
In the arrow paradox , Zeno states that for motion to be occurring , an object must change the position which it occupies .
He gives an example of an arrow in flight .
He states that in any one instant of time , for the arrow to be moving it must either move to where it is , or it must move to where it is not .
It can not move to where it is not , because this is a single instant , and it cannot move to where it is because it is already there .
In other words , in any instant of time there is no motion occurring , because an instant is a snapshot .
Therefore , if it cannot move in a single instant it cannot move in any instant , making any motion impossible .
This paradox is also known as the fletcher ’s paradox — a fletcher being a maker of arrows .
Whereas the first two paradoxes presented divide space , this paradox starts by dividing time – and not into segments , but into points .
7 Achilles & the tortoise paradox
In the paradox of Achilles and the Tortoise , Achilles is in a footrace with the tortoise .
Achilles allows the tortoise a head start of 100 feet .
If we suppose that each racer starts running at some constant speed ( one very fast and one very slow ) , then after some finite time , Achilles will have run 100 feet , bringing him to the tortoise ’s starting point .
During this time , the tortoise has run a much shorter distance , say , 10 feet .
It will then take Achilles some further time to run that distance , by which time the tortoise will have advanced farther ; and then more time still to reach this third point , while the tortoise moves ahead .
Thus , whenever Achilles reaches somewhere the tortoise has been , he still has farther to go .
Therefore , because there are an infinite number of points Achilles must reach where the tortoise has already been , he can never overtake the tortoise .
Of course , simple experience tells us that Achilles will be able to overtake the tortoise , which is why this is a paradox .
[ JFrater : I will point out the problem with this paradox to give you all an idea of how the others might be wrong : in physical reality it is impossible to transverse the infinite – how can you get from one point in infinity to another without crossing an infinity of points ?
You ca n’t – thus it is impossible .
But in mathematics it is not .
This paradox shows us how mathematics may appear to prove something – but in reality , it fails .
So the problem with this paradox is that it is applying mathematical rules to a non-mathematical situation .
This makes it invalid . ]
6 The Buridan ’s ass paradox
This is a figurative description of a man of indecision .
It refers to a paradoxical situation wherein an ass , placed exactly in the middle between two stacks of hay of equal size and quality , will starve to death since it cannot make any rational decision to start eating one rather than the other .
The paradox is named after the 14th century French philosopher Jean Buridan .
The paradox was not originated by Buridan himself .
It is first found in Aristotle ’s De Caelo , where Aristotle mentions an example of a man who remains unmoved because he is as hungry as he is thirsty and is positioned exactly between food and drink .
Later writers satirised this view in terms of an ass who , confronted by two equally desirable and accessible bales of hay , must necessarily starve while pondering a decision .
5 The unexpected hanging paradox
A judge tells a condemned prisoner that he will be hanged at noon on one weekday in the following week , but that the execution will be a surprise to the prisoner .
He will not know the day of the hanging until the executioner knocks on his cell door at noon that day .
Having reflected on his sentence , the prisoner draws the conclusion that he will escape from the hanging .
His reasoning is in several parts .
He begins by concluding that the “ surprise hanging ” ca n’t be on a Friday , as if he has n’t been hanged by Thursday , there is only one day left – and so it wo n’t be a surprise if he ’s hanged on a Friday .
Since the judge ’s sentence stipulated that the hanging would be a surprise to him , he concludes it cannot occur on Friday .
He then reasons that the surprise hanging cannot be on Thursday either , because Friday has already been eliminated and if he has n’t been hanged by Wednesday night , the hanging must occur on Thursday , making a Thursday hanging not a surprise either .
By similar reasoning he concludes that the hanging can also not occur on Wednesday , Tuesday or Monday .
Joyfully he retires to his cell confident that the hanging will not occur at all .
The next week , the executioner knocks on the prisoner ’s door at noon on Wednesday — which , despite all the above , will still be an utter surprise to him .
Everything the judge said has come true .
4 The barber ’s Paradox
Suppose there is a town with just one male barber ; and that every man in the town keeps himself clean - shaven : some by shaving themselves , some by attending the barber .
It seems reasonable to imagine that the barber obeys the following rule :
He shaves all and only those men in town who do not shave themselves .
Under this scenario , we can ask the following question :
Does the barber shave himself ?
Asking this , however , we discover that the situation presented is in fact impossible :
– If the barber does not shave himself , he must abide by the rule and shave himself .
– If he does shave himself , according to the rule he will not shave himself
Try some paradoxes with a mathematical twist !
Buy Paradoxes in Mathematics at Amazon.com !
3 Epimenides ’ Paradox
This paradox arises from the statement in which Epimenides , against the general sentiment of Crete , proposed that Zeus was immortal , as in the following poem :
They fashioned a tomb for thee , O holy and high one
The Cretans , always liars , evil beasts , idle bellies !
But thou art not dead : thou livest and abidest forever ,
For in thee we live and move and have our being .
He was , however , unaware that , by calling all Cretens liars , he had , unintentionally , called himself one , even though what he ‘ meant ’ was all Cretens except himself .
Thus arises the paradox that if all Cretens are liars , he is also one , & if he is a liar , then all Cretens are truthful .
So , if all Cretens are truthful , then he himself is speaking the truth & if he is speaking the truth , all Cretens are liars .
Thus continues the infinite regression .
2 The paradox of the court
The Paradox of the Court is a very old problem in logic stemming from ancient Greece .
It is said that the famous sophist Protagoras took on a pupil , Euathlus , on the understanding that the student pay Protagoras for his instruction after he had won his first case ( in some versions : if and only if Euathlus wins his first court case ) .
Some accounts claim that Protagoras demanded his money as soon as Euathlus completed his education ; others say that Protagoras waited until it was obvious that Euathlus was making no effort to take on clients and still others assert that Euathlus made a genuine attempt but that no clients ever came .
In any case , Protagoras decided to sue Euathlus for the amount owed .
Protagoras argued that if he won the case he would be paid his money .
If Euathlus won the case , Protagoras would still be paid according to the original contract , because Euathlus would have won his first case .
Euathlus , however , claimed that if he won then by the court ’s decision he would not have to pay Protagoras .
If on the other hand Protagoras won then Euathlus would still not have won a case and therefore not be obliged to pay .
The question is : which of the two men is in the right ?
1 The unstoppable force paradox
The Irresistible force paradox , also the unstoppable force paradox , is a classic paradox formulated as “ What happens when an irresistible force meets an immovable object ? ”
The paradox should be understood as an exercise in logic , not as the postulation of a possible reality .
According to modern scientific understanding , no force is completely irresistible , and there are no immovable objects and cannot be any , as even a minuscule force will cause a slight acceleration on an object of any mass .
An immovable object would have to have an inertia that was infinite and therefore infinite mass .
Such an object would collapse under its own gravity and create a singularity .
An unstoppable force would require infinite energy , which does not exist in a finite universe .
+ Olbers ’ Paradox
In astrophysics and physical cosmology , Olbers ’ paradox is the argument that the darkness of the night sky conflicts with the assumption of an infinite and eternal static universe .
It is one of the pieces of evidence for a non-static universe such as the current Big Bang model .
The argument is also referred to as the “ dark night sky paradox ”
The paradox states that at any angle from the earth the sight line will end at the surface of a star .
To understand this we compare it to standing in a forest of white trees .
If at any point the vision of the observer ended at the surface of a tree , would n’t the observer only see white ?
This contradicts the darkness of the night sky and leads many to wonder why we do not see only light from stars in the night sky .
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike License ; additional terms may apply .
Text is derived from Wikipedia .
With Over 40 Years of Experience , We Can Make A Difference
At Rosenbaum & Rosenbaum , P.C. , we understand your questions , and we are here to alleviate your concerns .
Here are two things in more detail you need to know about the costs associated with hiring our law firm :
We offer free initial consultations and work on a contingency fee basis .
You will owe no attorney ’s fees unless and until we succeed in recovering compensation for you .
Meet Justin , the space robot .
He ’s clever , agile , wired to a human for control ( of the robot , not the human ) and he ’s a possible solution for fixing orbiting satellites in the post - Shuttle era .
If they ’re dead , he can even fire them to their doom .
Justin’s the product of ongoing research by the Institute of Robotics and Mechatronics at DLR , the German Aerospace Center , and like many of his robot brethren he ’s been through a number of iterations in his life .
His current version was just displayed at the ILA 2010 Space Pavilion at the Berlin Airshow , and he was demonstrated on video .
The bot is at heart similar to NASA ’s Robonaut experimental unit , intended to act as a telepresence mechanoid to let a human operator perform tasks in space from the safety of a control room on earth ( or possibly in orbit , safely inside a space ship while the robot is exposed to space ) .
To this end the machine is packed with sensors and motors , and his huge “ driver ’s suit ” is actually equipped with force feedback systems so the operator knows when the robots hands or limbs have contacted an object such as a satellite or tool .
Also like Robonaut the bot is intended to be a torso robot only , as legs are n’t strictly needed in orbital operations .
But Justin ’s designers think his purview may be a little bigger than Robonaut ’s , as the U.S. bot will be mainly intended for ISS activity , and Justin will be mounted on his own satellite .
This gives the robot the chance to maneuver in orbit , and thus to actually hunt down and grapple to satellites , where he can fix problems or swap out errant parts .
And he can , by judicious application of some rocket thrusts , toss dead units out of orbit , so they burn up in the Earth ’s atmosphere .
In the post - Space Shuttle era , this sort of capability could be incredibly useful , allowing extended lifespan for satellites and systems that would otherwise fail without human attention , and even cleaning up of debris from the space lanes without risk to human life .
Posted on May 5 , 2010
NBC 's Russert Questions
Why Blacks Join " Racist " Tea Party
LUKE RUSSERT , NBC News : " Of these 32 [ black ]
Republicans , GOP sources I spoke to said about four have a clear path to victory , like Mr. West of Florida , Mr. Parker of Arizona , Mr. Fraiser of Colorado [ and ] Mr. Scott of South Carolina .
It 's quite interesting that these candidates are soliciting support from the Tea Party , a group that a lot of folks claimed to be racist against African - Americans .
These folks actually see them as someone they want in their tent as a path to victory . "
From the office of author Ian Fleming in 1961 , below is a letter requesting the services of artist Richard Chopping , the man responsible for creating the iconic dust jacket illustrations that helped strengthen the James Bond brand .
Chopping ’s trompe l’oeil paintings – each of which took a month to produce – had already featured on four Bond novels , and having just finished writing The Spy Who Loved Me , Fleming was keen to secure his talents yet again .
The finished cover can be seen here .
Interestingly , at the beginning of last decade Chopping made his long - held , previously unmentioned frustrations public when interviewed , saying in part :
He was a mean and vain man .
I regret having anything to do with him .
The paintings I did for his dust jackets are now worth thousands and they sold as many books .
But he would not even let me have me royalties .
Quite honestly , I ’m sick to death of it all [… ]
I have been swindled all the way along the line .
I was quite fond of doing the early work but it became a bore and I hate the books .
Transcript follows .
( The copyright in this letter is owned by the Ian Fleming Estate and is reproduced here with the Estate ’s permission .
Further use of the letter is not permitted without the Estate ’s express permission . )
Transcript
4 Old Mitre Court .
Fleet Street , E.C.4 .
Ludgate Circus 8655 22nd June , 1961
My dear Dickie ,
The jacket season has come round again and I and Capes do pray that you will once again be the artist for the same fee of two hundred guineas , if you still think that reasonable recompense .
If , as I desperately hope , you agree , we are in rather a quandary this time to suggest a suitable motif , and it occurred to me that you might have some brilliant idea for there are no emblems in the book which would be in any way suitable .
The title of the book is “ The Spy who Loved Me ” and so what suggests its - self of course is a juxtaposition between a dagger or a gun and an emblem representing love , rather on the lines of your gun with a rose .
But what can we use now ?
How about one of those frilly heart shaped Valentines with a dagger thrust through it ?
Or there might be young ivy leaves entwined in a garden gun , or forget - me - nots .
But none of these ideas thrill me with the possible exception of the Valentine with a splendid red heart pierced by a dagger .
But it crossed my mind that you have painted many keepsakes for people and that something might conceivably suggest its ’- self to you .
Anyway , first of all , will you please do the jacket and , secondly , will you please have a brilliant idea ?
I am back on all fours again and any time you are in London we could meet perhaps here and rub our two brains together .
I will now ring up Heywood Hill and see if they have any Valentines .
Yours ever , Ian R. Chopping Esq. ,
The Store House ,
The Quay ,
Wivenhoe , Essex Copy to Mr. Michael Howard .
This is my new favorite image of World War II — the Allied High Command in what looks very much like the moment after photographer David E. Scherman told them to take a break .
The fact that it was shot for LIFE magazine , which spent the war years carving the generals ' sober faces in stone , makes it all the more remarkable , because it reveals the Command in an almost unheard - of mode :
Tired , maybe even a little punchy , and all too recognizably human .
( From Google 's Life Magazine photo archive via How To Be A Retronaut . )
Add one more marquee name to the most anticipated free - agent class in NBA history : Paul Pierce .
The All - Star forward has notified the Boston Celtics that he will opt out of the final year of his contract before Wednesday 's deadline , which will make Pierce an unrestricted free agent for the first time .
Pierce 's agent , Jeff Schwartz , confirmed the decision in a text message to ESPN.com .
By opting out , Pierce forfeits next season 's $ 21.5 million salary and adds another layer of uncertainty to Boston 's general outlook in the wake of a wholly unexpected playoff run that took them to within one win of the championship .
Multiple sources close to the Celtics told ESPN.com 's Andy Katz that the team expects to re-sign Pierce .
According to the sources , the Celtics expect the Pierce deal to be wrapped up sooner than later but free agent Ray Allen could take longer into the summer .
The Celtics also have to decide what to do with free agents / reserves Tony Allen , Nate Robinson , Shelden Williams , Marquis Daniels and Brian Scalabrine .
Pierce 's name has scarcely been mentioned in the buildup to the summer 2010 free - agent bonanza because , as with Dallas ' Dirk Nowitzki , most rival executives believe that the Celtics would never allow the 2008 NBA Finals MVP -- who has maintained for some time that he wants to retire a Celtic -- to leave the only team he 's ever known .
Pierce , though , could wind up emerging as one of the more interesting big names to track .
Sources close to the situation told ESPN.com that Pierce will begin free agency by talking first to the Celtics when the market opens at 12:01 a.m. ET Thursday , but the 32 - year - old is prepared to field other offers .
More and more web applications are providing external logins through sites such as Twitter , Facebook , and more .
It can be a bit of a pain to assemble suitable buttons for all of these services to display as the “ NASCAR box ” of logos for users to click when signing up or on to a site .
To make this a little bit easier , Intridea is releasing a collection of free and open - source logo buttons for use , well , however you ’d like , but probably for these types of authentication scenarios .
This collection is starting with twelve buttons :
The initial set created are for Twitter , Facebook , Myspace , OpenID , Google , Yahoo , Basecamp , Campfire , Present.ly , Aol , LinkedIn , and GitHub .
This collection will grow over time as we get suggestions ( or forks ) of new iconography .
The idea is simply to provide a clean , consistent set of icons that can be used to represent some of the web ’s most popular services .
Each icon is available in 32×32 , 64×64 , 128×128 , and 256×256 PNGs as well as an Illustrator CS4 source file that contains all of the buttons and individual CS3 .EPS files that contain each button individually .
To see a full download grid for each icon , visit the GitHub Project Page .
If you have a logo you ’d like to see included , please add a request for it to the GitHub Issues Page
The standard clothing that most stores have focused on in recent years fits fewer and fewer people .
And as retailers search for ways to invigorate sales , plus size is one of the few categories where there is growth .
The plus - size market increased 1.4 percent while overall women ’s apparel declined 0.8 percent in the 12 months leading up to April 2010 versus the same period a year earlier , the most recent figures available , according to NPD Group , a market research firm .
“ It just makes business sense , ” said Ms. DeVoe , who founded “ Full - Figured Fashion Week ” last year to press mainstream retailers to embrace bigger sizes .
“ I ’ve been told several times that no one fantasizes about being a plus - size woman , and that ’s probably true , but the fact remains that you have to work with what you have . ”
That is not always so easy for retailers venturing into the world of larger shoppers .
Some bigger women do not like to try on clothes in the same fitting rooms as smaller women .
Plus - size stocks take up valuable storage space , and not everyone is big in the same way , meaning stores cannot count on , say , a size 16 dress fitting most 180 - pound women — one might have a larger torso , another big thighs and another wider hips .
“ There are variations not only in the frame , but if you ’re looking at larger women , you ’re also looking at the way fat deposits are arranged around the body , ” said Susan Ashdown , a professor at Cornell who studies body shape and clothing fit by creating a three - dimensional scan of a person ’s almost - nude body .
Plus - size clothes , which now generally begin at size 14 , have been around for at least 90 years , since a Lithuanian immigrant , Lena Bryant ( her name was later misspelled as “ Lane ” on a business form ) , turned a maternity - wear business into a line for stout women in the 1920s .
There have been several efforts to make plus - size clothes more available , but , as the name of the 1980s - era plus - size chain The Forgotten Woman suggested , larger women have usually been relegated to stand - alone boutiques stocked with shapeless purple caftans .
Note :
This picture is small and does n't do the thing justice click HERE , HERE , HERE , HERE and HERE to see some nice , high - res pics .
Remember the Millennium Falcon play - fort built as part of a Make - A - Wish wish granting for little leukemia - stricken Christian Bentley ?
Well it was installed this week and Christian has already shot down over a dozen TIE fighters .
Good lookin ' , ace .
" When he was first diagnosed , he carried his X - Box back and forth from the hospital , " his grandmother Tracy Clark said .
" At home , that Star Wars game pretty much kept him going . "
Battling an ear infection , Christian appeared overwhelmed by the whole ordeal , at times rubbing his eyes and shaking his head in front of a crowd that included Star Wars characters including Storm Troopers and an Imperial Guard .
After the unveiling , Christian 's grandfather Ed Clark had a wish of his own .
" I 'm waiting for everybody to leave so I can go play in it , too , " he said .
" They just did a wonderful job . "
I 'm with you , Ed !
How about you get 'ol Tracy to make us some sandwiches and you and I and Christian will take on an Imperial - class Star Destroyer together ?
I get to be Chewie !
Christian , you 'll be Han .
Ed , you 're C - 3PO ( stay out of the way and do n't open your mouth ) .
Hit the jump for a series of low - res pics of the unveiling .
New battle plan [ tulsaworld ]
Thanks again Brandon , keep up the good work .
Sons of Perdition , a documentary that premiered at the 2010 Tribeca Film Festival , follows the story of a group of teenage boys who have left the Fundamentalist Latter Day Saints ( FLDS ) , a polygamous Mormon group , and tracks their struggles in exile from their homes and families .
Many first learned of the FLDS when the sect came into the media spotlight following leader Warren Jeffs ’ arrest ( and eventual conviction ) as an accomplice to rape .
Pictures of young women in “ prairie dresses ” were splashed on TV and the media rushed to try to explain who these people actually were .
Were they Mormons ?
Were they a cult ?
I had planned an interview with the film ’s directors , but before I met them I went to RD contributor Joanna Brooks , a Mormon writer and scholar , to help me get some context .
She described the FLDS sect as “ the most extreme of several fundamentalist Mormon polygamous groups , ” distinguished by their focus on a “ prophet ” who plays an extremely commanding role in the life of the community .
As she explains it , while fundamentalist LDS and mainstream LDS share a common history , scripture , and basic theology , the LDS church banned polygamy in 1890 and the groups who continued the practice split off early on .
Consequently , she explains , “ many of their beliefs reflect the general state of Mormon doctrine at that time — before the modern LDS church grew into the global church it is today . ”
In addition , while polygamy as a doctrine has not been entirely abolished in mainstream LDS ( some modern orthodox LDS followers believe there will be polygamy in the afterlife ) , for fundamentalist and FLDS folks , because polygamy has been rejected by mainstream Mormonism and punished by the state , it has become the defining and central expression of faith .
At the Tribeca Film Festival , I sat down with directors Tyler Measom and Jennilyn Merten for an in - depth discussion about their documentary .
How did your background as Mormons influence the making of this film ?
Tyler Measom :
We both were active Mormons .
I served on a mission for the LDS church for two years .
Our families are still active in the LDS church .
In our early twenties , we reached the conclusion separately that it was n’t right for us .
It was a struggle and very difficult , especially living in Utah .
Leaving one ’s religion is much more than not just going to church on Sunday when you have a church such as the LDS faith , which is part of a community and family .
Without knowing it , Jenny and I were helping a lot of people who were looking to leave .
They would come to us and ask questions and we were able to help them through the process .
Jennilyn Merten :
When we met the kids , we really got their story .
They were like , “ Oh wow , you left too . ”
How did you maintain your objectivity while filming this documentary ?
TM : I think any documentary filmmaker walks that line between objectivity and being a human being .
There were times when we became really ingrained in their lives .
These kids looked to us almost as surrogate parents in a lot of ways .
JM : The social workers were asking us to help them .
So we became sort of mediators between the social workers and the kids .
And there were times when the law was not doing its job .
After , say , five attempted escapes by a 14 - year - old girl who was about to get married and nobody was protecting her , then yeah , you cross the line and you do the right thing .
Then you have to stand back and see how that affects your story .
It ’s a really tough road but we felt like that this was the type of story that had to be told with this amount of intimacy .
TM : For instance , if the kids want desperately for their mother — who is in a polygamous relationship with an abusive husband — to get out , and you love these kids , the last thing you want to be known of is the person who set up the camera while someone was screaming “ help me ” from a building on fire .
JM : Stories are two - sided .
When someone is sharing their story with you , you do n’t get to just sit there and be like an automaton and not react .
There has to be some reciprocity there to a certain point .
When you start manipulating the story , then that ’s a different thing .
When filming this documentary , how did you distinguish between a religious sect whose members practice polygamy as consenting adults versus a sect like the FLDS that involves minors ?
JM : You can allow for freedom of religion , but you have to protect its youngest practitioners like those girls who are forced into a marriage , or the boys who were exiled and left to fend for themselves on the streets .
TM : Also , there ’s a titillation factor to doing a story about polygamy .
One man , seven wives ; people are mainly interested in that and not the other improprieties .
JM : Warren Jeffs was ruining them financially and psychologically as well .
By the time he was arrested , he was requiring $ 1,000 a week from every male household leader .
He told them to quit working on their own homes and families and put everything into the church .
They were being bled dry financially and manipulated .
But some of this is a little bit harder to fight when the people being victimized do n’t want to be help .
Then you look for a legal method that you can use to bring them down .
TM : Yes , these kids have been victimized but that ’s all their family has known for generations .
So they do n’t look at their parents as the villains but just people who were following Warren Jeffs ’ orders .
JM : The kids pin this on Warren Jeffs .
What we try to do is to show this really sticky web that they ’re all interconnected by .
How did Warren Jeffs change this community ?
TM : The community has been there for over a hundred years and for most of that time they lived in relative obscurity and kept to themselves .
It was a very communal community with people working together building each other ’s homes .
There were still forced marriages but they were working very nicely until Warren Jeffs came in and claimed ultimate power .
If Warren Jeffs had not come to power , it ’s very likely that those boys would still be living there with their families .
The treatment of this sect by law enforcement and the media seems to have further solidified this community .
TM : The nuances with a lot of these extremists , especially the FLDS , is that the more you fight them , the more they believe they ’re right .
And the more tyranny they get , the more they feel God is smiling upon them .
JM : It ’s a martyr complex .
It works very well for them .
In telling this story , how do you combat this martyr complex ?
TM : With a pin hammer and not a sledge hammer .
I think you ca n’t attack .
You just have to be ready when it dissolves .
Because in essence , it ’s not the religion you ’re trying to bring down .
You ’re doing it to try to help an individual within it .
And if you truly want to help the individuals within it , you try to bring them out and have support for them when they do leave .
JM : Well you ca n’t put all the men in jail and get rid of the whole society .
That ’s the wrong approach .
So you have to enforce what you can , which is what Utah is doing by targeting underage marriages , child abuse , and sexual abuse .
Then , you provide resources for people who want to leave .
It ’s complicated because it ’s a psychological jail and it ’s hard to break through those bars .
When these kids chose to leave , they are n’t just leaving the FLDS but their families as well .
TM : Families are very , very important in so much they believe that they ’re a family in the next life .
That ’s why it ’s very difficult for the head of the household in the Mormon faith to lose one because you ’re not just breaking up the family in this life but in the next life as well .
JM : Because family is so important , my parents made the decision not to ostracize my sisters and me when we chose to leave .
We hope that ultimately because family is such a strong bond in the FLDS as well , they will choose family over Warren Jeffs .
How has the audience at the Tribeca Film Festival reacted to these kids when they speak after the screenings ?
TM : People came up to them afterward in tears , saying ‘ your story affected and changed me . ’
Despite the fact that it ’s very difficult for them to talk about their past and that it may put more strain upon their community and their families , they know they are helping out for the greater good .
They can see the bigger picture .
JM : And we ’ve given them some survivor memoirs like What Is the What and Angela ’s Ashes so that they fit into a tradition of storytelling and sharing their life story .
Finally , how did working on this documentary inform your own faith ?
JM : For me , it has made me more curious and sympathetic about the concept of faith and the power of belief .
We were n’t going to tell a good story just by creating a diatribe against religion , but by knowing we have to look at religion and faith with more inquisitiveness .
That does n’t mean we excuse its crimes , but faith itself is a really powerful call .
And if we are n’t going to investigate that with some thoughtfulness , then more crimes will be committed because all we ’re going to do is point fingers .
Kirk Krauss is a software developer working on IBM Rational Purify Plus .
" People with ropes around their necks do n't always hang . "
-- Lee van Cleef in The Good , the Bad , and the Ugly
Deadlock - Proof Your Code : Part 2
In today 's world of multicore computing , it 's important to make sure that your multithreaded applications scale .
A longstanding approach for making the most of multiple processors is to arrange for different resources to be protected by different synchronization objects , or locks .
A drawback of this approach is that a bug in your threading model can lead to a deadlock .
Given the complexity of modern applications , particularly where routines can call back and forth between one another , you have to be very careful to avoid the situation where two or more threads can get stuck waiting for locks held by each other .
If two threads take two locks , and each then waits for the lock held by the other , a classic deadlock begins .
As an example , consider a program that has two threads , T1 and T2 , and two locks , L1 and L2 .
A deadlock occurs in the following scenario :
Once the threads have deadlocked , they wo n't execute further code , other than such code as may be involved in waiting on the two locks .
Even with careful programming , complex software can be subject to deadlocks , which typically are experienced by users as hangs .
Existing strategies for deadlock prevention , deadlock avoidance , and deadlock detection can be used to either head off deadlocks by not blocking at all , or by automatically exiting the process when a deadlock occurs .
( Go here for more information . )
In this two - part article , I explore a way to solve the problem by extending the locks themselves , providing them with both self - awareness and a safe way to head off deadlocks and continue executing .
Although some studies in fault - tolerant computing consider automatic introspective analysis ( for example , see Runtime Verification and Validation for Multi-Core Based On- Board Computingby Hans Zima and Mark James ) , no detailed methods involving self - aware locks are spelled out amongst any prior materials that I 'm aware of .
Consider just what 's happening in the classic deadlock situation outlined above :
A first thread acquires a first lock , a second thread acquires a second lock , the first thread then waits for the second lock , and the second thread waits for the first lock .
You can write code to detect this condition .
If it 's detected , your code can safely handle the problem via substitution of a surrogate lock in lieu of the first lock .
To detect this condition , you can set up watchdog methods to perform the following tracking as your program works with its threads and locks :
Track all threads and their states ( ie. running or waiting , and if waiting whether waiting on a lock , and if so , which lock ) ;
For each thread , also track information as to which locks that thread is holding at any given time , if any ; and
Track all lock creation , acquisition ( by which thread ) , and release .
Your watchdog can include methods that act as wrappers for the system 's synchronization API functions .
When a thread attempts to acquire a lock , prior to actually acquiring it , the thread can enter one of your watchdog 's methods that wraps lock acquisition .
Let 's call this wrapper your watchdog 's lock acquisition method .
This method can track the fact that an attempt is being made to acquire the lock .
It also can check the lock status to determine whether another thread is currently holding the lock .
If so , your lock acquisition method can check the state of the thread that holds the lock to determine whether it 's waiting on another lock that the current thread is currently holding .
In that case , to prevent a deadlock , your lock acquisition method can prevent the current thread from acquiring the lock .
Your watchdog can prevent a deadlock as described above , entirely within its lock acquisition method .
It can go on to maintain thread - safe resource access by deploying a surrogate lock .
This could be implemented in more than one way .
Here 's an example .
Two threads were involved in the near - deadlock : T1 ( which attempted to acquire a first lock ) and T2 ( which already held that first lock and was waiting for another lock still held by T1 ) .
To keep thread T1 going without a deadlock , your watchdog 's lock acquisition method can arrange for T1 to bypass lock acquisition and to instead return control to the routine that attempted to acquire the lock .
Prior to returning , your lock acquisition method can set a flag in the tracking structure for the thread T2 that currently holds that first lock .
The flag will indicate that both threads are now serialized by a new lock , which your lock acquisition method can create before returning .
Once your watchdog 's lock acquisition method has created the new lock , it can arrange for the current thread T1 to acquire it as a surrogate in lieu of the first lock before continuing .
The lock acquisition method also can arrange for thread T2 to wait on the new surrogate lock .
Thread T1 can then execute , as it would have without the deadlock , while thread T2 waits .
When thread T1 attempts to release the lock , your method can intercept this attempt and instead arrange for thread T1 to release the surrogate lock .
Thread T2 can then run .
The point will eventually come at which thread T2 was programmed to release the lock that was about to trigger the deadlock situation .
Upon intercepting this release attempt , your watchdog 's lock release method can arrange for thread T2 to release both that lock and the surrogate lock that was created at the point where the near - deadlock experience occurred .
Once the surrogate lock is in play , other threads may have to use it to protect access to the same resources that the original lock was protecting .
That is , to prevent race conditions involving threads other than those that were about to deadlock , the watchdog 's methods can continue to substitute the surrogate lock in lieu of the original lock , for as long as any thread is holding that surrogate lock .
In other words , any thread that attempts to acquire the original lock can instead acquire the surrogate lock , for thread safety .
As soon as no thread holds the surrogate lock , your watchdog 's methods can of course dispense with the surrogate lock .
Your program can once again acquire the original lock as designed .
If you 're sure that no other threads will acquire the locks involved in the deadlock situation , there 's a simpler alternative that requires no surrogate lock .
Because thread T2 is waiting on a lock held by thread T1 , the threads are already serialized for purposes of the attempted lock acquisition that was about to cause a deadlock .
Since the threads are serialized , your watchdog 's methods can arrange thread - safe resource access without creating a new lock .
To do that , your watchdog 's methods just have to ensure that the threads remain serialized as needed .
In this simplified scenario , your program can both avoid the deadlock and set up the needed serialization like this :
Bypass the lock acquisition by thread T1 , allowing it to continue without actually acquiring the lock held by T2 .
When T1 makes the call that would have released that lock , bypass that call as well .
If T1 attempts to release the lock that T2 is waiting for , bypass the release of that lock by T1 , and instead perform it along with the release of the first lock , once T1 releases that lock .
The idea is that at just one of the locks serializes the threads until the point where the program , as designed , would have released both locks .
Again , this simplified approach should work safely only if other threads can't acquire the locks involved .
Some five years ago , at a conference of the Stanford Institute for Economic Policy Research , I lamented that “ the growing imbalances , disequilibria , risks ” were giving rise to “ circumstances as dangerous and intractable ” as any I could recall — intractable not just because of the combination of complicated issues , but because there seemed to be “ so little willingness or capacity to do much about it . ”
Part of the story is familiar .
In the United States , savings practically disappeared as consumption rose far above past relationships to national production .
That consumption was satisfied by rapidly growing imports from China and elsewhere in Asia at remarkably cheap prices , helping to keep inflation well subdued .
The resulting seemingly inexorable increase in our current account deficit was easily financed by an equally large flow of short - term funds from abroad at exceptionally low interest rates .
In fact , money was so easily available that it supported what became a bubble in housing , with rising home prices reinforcing a sense of prosperity and high consumption .
It was not so much that the imbalances were hidden or unknown .
In particular , the Chinese surpluses and American deficits were widely thought to be unsustainable .
But for the time being , the world economy was growing strongly .
China in particular was mainly interested in developing its industry by encouraging exports , and the United States was not prepared to balance its national budget or to restrain the consumption and housing boom .
At the time , I suggested that the most likely result would not be well - thought - out and complementary policy actions .
Rather , sooner or later , the necessary changes would be forced by a financial crisis .
I certainly did not anticipate the nature of the crisis that eventually ensued , its complexity , its force , or its impact right across the industrialized world .
Subprime mortgages , credit default swaps , CDOs — squared , tranched , or otherwise — were not part of my world .
Nor , I can add , had I ever imagined that the financial markets over those frightening weeks in the fall of 2008 would virtually freeze up .
The sense of mutual trust upon which operating financial markets depend was lost .
Now we know that trillions of dollars of official funds came to the rescue of the broken system in the form of loans , capital , and guarantees .
Flows of finance have been restored , albeit with large areas of continuing public support .
The residential mortgage market in the United States — by far the largest sector of our capital market for the time being — remains almost wholly a ward of the government .
Now , another range of uncertainty has arisen .
Sovereign credits have come into question , most pointedly in the Eurozone but potentially of concern among some of our own states .
Any thoughts — any longings — that participants in the financial community might have had that conditions were …
Photo : Todd WoodyIf you happened by an empty parking lot near San Francisco ’s waterfront baseball park Tuesday morning , you would have seen some people putting a low - slung black sedan through its paces on a makeshift track outlined by fluorescent orange pylons .
What was remarkable was not so much that the car — the Chevrolet Volt — was electric , but that it hailed from Detroit .
Toyotas , Hondas , BMWs , and Mercedes rule the road in the Golden State ’s coastal metropolises , where sightings of American sedans are about as rare as a California condor .
Like Ford , Nissan , Coda Automotive , Think , and other electric automakers , General Motors brought the Volt to San Francisco because , as I wrote in The New York Times recently , this is where the future of the electric car is unfolding first .
( Driving home that point was Thursday ’s news that Silicon Valley startup Tesla Motors is buying the defunct Bay Area manufacturing plant that previously produced cars for Toyota and General Motors and will now build electric cars in partnership with the Japanese auto giant . )
So the Volt may be GM ’s best chance to reintroduce itself to two generations of California drivers who wrote the automaker off as the maker of hopelessly staid and low - quality cars .
“ The Volt is going to make people reconsider Chevy and GM again , ” Tony Posawatz , Volt vehicle line director , tells me as a group of journalists and influential electric car enthusiasts waited for their turn behind the wheel .
He ’s talking about people like me .
My first and last American car was the 1979 Chevy Monza I owned as a teenager .
An overfed Vega , the car was a mechanical nightmare and I soon replaced it with a Volkswagen Rabbit and then a succession of Hondas and the Toyota RAV4 I currently drive .
Over the years , the only Chevrolets I have driven have been rental car fleet castoffs that did nothing to improve the impression made by the Monza .
But getting behind the wheel of the Volt , it ’s clear this is not my grandfather ’s Chevy .
The car is an engineering test model and not the production version so the interior design and other features may well change by the time the Volt goes on sale later this year .
The Volt ’s battery pack gives the car a range of 40 miles on a charge .
After that , a small gasoline engine kicks in to recharge the battery if you need to go further .
The so - called serial hybrid approach — versus all - electric , no greenhouse gas emissions cars — is GM ’s bet that mainstream buyers will want to buy a car that will ease their “ range anxiety ” and one they can rely on for both running around town and long road trips .
The exterior design is sporty but not space age .
GM has opted not to follow the design cues of competitors like Toyota and Nissan , whose all - electric Leaf lets your neighbors know you ’ve hit the green road .
Inside , the Volt is more fashion forward , loaded with USB ports and other high tech touches .
“ The most remarkable thing about it is that it ’s unremarkable , ” says Nick Pudar , vice president of planning and business development for GM ’s OnStar division .
“ It ’s a real vehicle .
It ’ll meet your every day needs . ”
I press a button on the center console and the electric motor comes quietly to life .
I put the car in gear and we ’re off .
Other than the silent running and quick acceleration common to electric cars , it drives like any sporty sedan , handling well and taking corners with ease .
While most electric cars set to hit the market later this year and in early 2011 are compacts , the Volt is a relatively big car .
Posawatz has me switch between various power settings — sport , eco , etc. — but frankly I could n’t tell the difference .
GM added some Silicon Valley cred this week by cutting a deal with Google to integrate its mapping technology in the Volt ’s mobile app .
Pudar fires up his phone and the car appears on a map along with his location .
If you ca n’t remember where you parked your Volt , Google will give you walking directions to find it .
Drivers also can use the voice function to say a location — like the Golden Gate Bridge — and the directions can be downloaded to the Volt ’s dashboard screen .
You can also use a mobile phone to check on the battery charge , charging station locations , lock the doors , etc .
Darryl Siry , a former Tesla marketing executive who has consulted for Coda Automotive , took the Volt for a wheel - squealing spin before me and I later pinged him to get his take .
“ I think the car functioned quite well and handled better than I expected when I drove it pretty aggressively , ” Siry wrote in an email .
“ The torque in the motor was very good , which is to be expected , and the motor control algorithm in the sport mode was a pleasant driving experience . ”
“ Would I consider buying it ?
Yes , if the pricing is right , ” he adds .
“ If they price it at or near the Leaf I think they will have a very attractive offering .
If it is too much higher they will have more of a challenge . ”
Nissan will sell the Leaf in the United States for $ 32,780 — state and federal tax incentives will drop the price to around $ 20,000 in California .
GM has not publicly set the price for the Volt , something that Posawatz says will be revealed in late summer or early fall .
But it seems unlikely GM will match Nissan .
“ You have to look at the complete value proposition and not be overwhelmed by the price tag , ” says Posawatz .
“ The Volt is loaded up with its 10 airbags , traction control , and ABS all standard . ”
As competitors also roll out their electric cars in the Bay Area , two questions remain to be answered — will drivers want an all - electric car or an electric hybrid ?
And will they buy a Chevy ?
For his part , Siry thinks hybrids will have the edge for the next five to 10 years until battery performance improves .
( Posawatz says the Volt is designed so that the engine can be swapped for a bigger battery . )
The American car question is harder .
“ I think the fact that they are branding it as a Chevrolet will be somewhat of a challenge , but it is a very deliberate effort by GM to have the brand benefits of the Volt accrue to Chevy , ” says Siry .
“ This may increase the challenge they face as they have to carry the weight of a brand image that is not a great fit for the technological innovation and price point , but from GM ’s perspective , if they are going to invest over $ 1 billion in development of the vehicle they want to have it benefit one of their core brands . ”
Translation : GM is betting that the average driver will see the Volt as American as baseball , mom , and apple pie .
BP chief Tony Hayward sold shares weeks before oil spill -- The chief executive of BP sold £ 1.4 million of his shares in the fuel giant weeks before the Gulf of Mexico oil spill gusher caused its value to collapse .
Tony Hayward cashed in about a third of his holding in the company one month before a well on the Deepwater Horizon rig burst , causing an environmental disaster .
Mr Hayward , whose pay package is £ 4 million a year , then paid off the mortgage on his family ’s mansion in Kent , which is estimated to be valued at more than £ 1.2 million .
There is no suggestion that he acted improperly or had prior knowledge that the company was to face the biggest setback in its history .
His decision , however , means he avoided losing more than £ 423,000 when BP ’s share price plunged after the oil spill began six weeks ago .
[ I am starting to think false flag .
If that is the case , we had better hear calls for the second American Revolution .
As it is , I am wondering why BP 's HQ are * still standing . *
-- LRP ]
I was digging around the zGeek forums the other day when I stumbled across one of the funniest post - hot - food - eating articles I 've ever read .
" Cranky " had heard about the " Off the Wall Challenge " from friends in the forum , and thought he'd give it a crack .
We 've written about the " Off the Wall Challenge " before , and Andrew successfully completed the challenge ...
What Cranky did n't know is just how damn hot that burger was , and the pain that he would be subjected to .
He took the challenge , and hilarity ensued .
Enjoy !
From : http://www.zgeek.com/forum/showthread.php?t=64434&page=2
Excerpt : not to be discouraged i forge ahead , quickly shovelling the burger into my mouth .
i begin to descend into my own litle hell .
staff come out and are watching us eat and are egging us on .
i can barely notice anything except the immense pain in my mouth , eyes , ears ( yes my ears were ringing ) but most importantly in my stomach ...
[ CONTINUED ]
Dear sweet arseraping jesus i will make this report VERY quick because just the memory of the burger is giving me bowel cramps .
First of all the burger in question can be found at the " Off The Wall Diner " at Wellington Point in Brisbane .
Secondly , before it gets served to you you have to put on rubber gloves .
Finally , it was not so much a meal as a physical assault .
I swear to god i have never been in so much pain in my life .
i was mentally prepared for the burn and had decided that no matter how hot it turned out to be i was just going to open a can of " harden the fuck up " and keep eating .
So here 's how it panned out ...
4 of us head to Wellington Point around 2 pm for a cruisy Saturday lunch .
Me , Thommo and our two better halves .
We know that drinking beer wo n't help the burn , but just for psychological backup we have 2 6 packs of Little Creatures .
We drink 1 6 pack on the way to the diner .
We start on the other as soon as we arrive .
The 2 guys order the megadeath burgers to much laughter and derision from the kitchen of the diner .
The 2 girls order sensible burgers .
We are downing the beer like water before we even see the burger so we run across the road and grab another 6 pack from the pub .
The girls burgers arrive and they are awesome hand made giant patty motherfucking things and I 'm starting to get REALLY hungry .
Our burgers arrive , with rubber gloves and a recovery kit consisting of a big drink of milk and a bowl of yogurt .
The challenge remains that if we can finish the burger without resorting to the recovery kit we get our names on a plaque on the wall ...
I start eating , and eating fast .
I stick with my game plan and ignore the burn , just push through the pain .
2 things happen immediately to my body .
1 . I get violent hiccups as my body tries to reject the molten lava i am putting into it .
2 . I begin crying like a little girl .
Not to be discouraged I forge ahead , quickly shoveling the burger into my mouth .
I begin to descend into my own little hell .
Staff come out and are watching us eat and are egging us on .
I can barely notice anything except the immense pain in my mouth , eyes , ears ( yes my ears were ringing ) but most importantly in my stomach ...
And this is the problem .
The burning mouth , the crying , the ringing ears I can handle .
But now with less than a third of the burger to go my stomach seizes up and refuses to let me put anything into it .
I take a deep breath and look for my can of " harden the fuck up " when I notice that my mate Thommo has stopped eating his burger just beyond the halfway point and is wandering aimlessly up and down the street .
He has honestly lost the plot and is walking around in circles .
I decide I can't be defeated and manage one more bite before my stomach explains at this point that it is about to return to me everything i have just eaten at high speed .
not being able to face the prospect of vomiting back something that hot i pull off my gloves and admit defeat with 2 mouthfuls to go .
The staff can't believe I have got this close and not finished it but at this point i really do n't give a fuck because i have just started to hallucinate .
No exaggerations here for the next 15 - 20 minutes or so as we just sat there i was completely off my face .
it is one of the strangest drug experiences I have ever had ( thats a BIG call ) .
The closest thing I can liken it to is the feeling you have when you are coming off an " e " and you are really jumpy , agitated , spun out and trippy .
Can i recommend this burger to anyone ?
No fucking way .
Should you go and try it anyway ?
Absofuckinglutely !
it is now almost 48 hours later and i have just had my second shower for the morning .
second shower ?
why have 2 ?
because i am still shitting white hot torrents of molten steel and i need to cool down my puckered , torn and abraded sphincter before it decides to go all " china syndrome " and melt through the crust of the earth to the core .
i swear to god all i have eaten in the past couple of days since the " event " is stomach and anus friendly food like yoghurt , and ham and salad rolls and yet here i am at 6 am on monday morning wondering why i have just been fisted by someone with a handful of broken glass and gravel ?
the burger was evil .
and it 's evilness continues to taunt my bunghole .
shame on you for wanting to try this boobmeister .
shame .
... and finally , a few days after that ...
lol thanks for your concern fucker
it lasted until tuesday night ( i had the burger on saturday lunchtime ) and i had my first * normal * crap on wednesday morning .
my mate i went who also tried the burger with came good on tuesday morning , but he admitted by " good " he meant he was n't bleeding profusely from his anus and eyeballs at the same time .
that burger was all fucked up .
now go try it .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd's leadership is under siege tonight from some of the Labor Party 's most influential factional warlords .
The ABC has learned that powerful party figures have been secretly canvassing numbers for a move to dump the Prime Minister and replace him with his deputy , Julia Gillard .
Television cameras captured Ms Gillard and Defence Minister John Faulkner going into Mr Rudd 's office .
They have since been joined by Finance Minister Lindsay Tanner , Anthony Albanese and Senator Joe Ludwig .
Factional support for Mr Rudd has collapsed around the country and the Australian Workers Union ( AWU ) is now supporting Ms Gillard .
The ABC understands that senior ministers are in shock at how quickly all this has unfolded .
One senior minister told ABC " this is madness " .
Earlier , Senator Faulkner was being interviewed by the 7.30 Report 's Kerry O'Brien when he was told of the news .
" I do n't know what 's on ABC news all I know is I 've been sitting here talking to you .
It might be on the ABC news and it's also news to me , " Senator Faulkner said .
Ministers and party members have been lining up all week to voice their support for Mr Rudd but behind the scenes , party leaders have been contemplating a leadership change .
Although Mr Rudd looks likely to survive the challenge , news of the attempted coup will undoubtedly weaken him .
It is understood that the only thing holding the Prime Minister up is that his deputy refuses to join in a bid to bring him down .
A series of bad poll results have seen the ALP 's primary vote tracking as low as 33 per cent .
The polls dived after a series of policy bungles and backflips made by the Government , including shelving the emissions trading scheme .
Any serious talk of a challenge is the last thing Mr Rudd needs as the Government prepares for the election .
However , if MPs want to act they will have to do so quickly .
Tomorrow will be the last sitting day before Federal Parliament breaks over winter .
This means that if a challenge was to be made against Mr Rudd to install Ms Gillard before the next election , it would have to be done tomorrow before MPs leave to go back to their electorate .
Earlier today it was revealed that the Prime Minister 's chief of staff , Alistair Jordan , had been contacting Labor MPs to discuss the Government 's performance .
On Friday Mr Rudd will travel to Canada for the Group of 20 leaders ' meeting .
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) said it has cancelled Haiti's $ 279.1 - million debt and will lend the earthquake - devastated country another $ 62.5 million to help it with reconstruction plans .
The IMF said Wednesday the decision is part of a plan for long - term reconstruction after the Jan. 12 magnitude - 7 quake , which killed as many as 300,000 people .
The International Monetary Fund cancelled Haiti's $ 279.1 - million debt and will lend the earthquake - devastated country another $ 62.5 million to help it with reconstruction plans .
The three - year loan carries a zero interest rate until 2011 , which then rises to no more than 0.5 per cent .
The Washington - based fund said the moves should encourage aid contributions to the impoverished country .
" Donors must start delivering on their promises to Haiti quickly , so reconstruction can be accelerated , living standards quickly improved and social tensions soothed , " IMF chief Dominique Strauss - Kahn said in a statement .
In Haiti rubble and collapsed buildings still dominate the landscape more than six months after the quake .
The number of people in relief camps has nearly doubled to 1.6 million , while the amount of transitional housing built is minuscule .
Crime is more prevalent since the quake , with attacks in camps terrorizing thousands , especially women and girls .
Most of the $ 3.2 billion pledged for humanitarian aid has paid for field hospitals , plastic tarps , bandages , and food , plus salaries , transportation and upkeep of relief workers .
At a March conference , donors pledged a total of $ 10.3 billion — money that is separate from the humanitarian aid — to help Haiti recover .
But less than two per cent of that money has been delivered .
The rest is mired in bureaucracy and politics of the more than 60 countries and organizations that pledged to help .
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
Ad Policy
This morning on National Public Radio , Rush Limbaugh ’s biographer Zev Chafets equated the object of his affection to boxing ’s own Muhammad Ali .
This is not a joke
As Chafets said , “ In the book I compare him to Muhammad Ali . Muhammad Ali was , in public , a very bombastic guy .
And in private people say he was very soft - spoken and that his public persona was just a ramping up of his real personality , and that he did the public persona to gather a crowd .
And I think that ’s very true of Limbaugh also . "
The historical and ethical problems with Chafets ’s comparison abound .
Yes , both Limbaugh and Ali belong in a Talkers Hall of Fame and both used a larger - than - life public persona to “ gather a crowd . ”
But Limbaugh used this skill to become richer than Croesus by exploiting fears based upon race , religion , gender , and sexuality .
He ’s the great exemplar for all conservative media celebrity : revel in bigotry ; become unbelievably wealthy ; blame liberal media as your quotes are circulated ; rinse , repeat .
Ali in contrast sacrificed .
He sacrificed millions of dollars , national heroism , and in the end , his very motor functions , because he was a militant opponent of racism and the war in Vietnam .
The only thing Ali and Limbaugh have in common is that they both did what they had to do to avoid military service in Nam .
The slight difference of course , being that Ali risked five years in Leavenworth while Limbaugh claimed he could n’t wear the uniform because " pilonidal cysts " ( anal abscesses rfrom ingrown hairs " ) prevented him from service .
To say that they have a lot in common because they are both “ big personalities ’ is like saying I have a lot in common with Lebron James because we both play hoops .
Here are some other people with " outsized personalities " who Chafets could also have used to compare to Limbaugh ; Hulk Hogan , Harvey Fierstein , Benito Mussolini … the choices are really endless .
So why choose Ali ?
I fear that Chafets chose Ali for the same reason that Tom Horne , Superintendent of Arizona schools , said he was moved to abolish the Tucson ethnic studies program : because “ Martin Luther King gave his famous speech in which he said we should be judged by the quality of our character , rather than the color of our skin . "
This is one of the right ’s favorite strategies : defend the indefensible by cloaking arguments with the martyrs of the black freedom struggle .
This might be effective rhetorically , but it requires debasing history for political expediency .
I would n’t expect much more from Horne or the Texas School Board or any of the know - nothings who wear their ignorance like badges of honor in the culture wars .
But I ’d expect more from Chafets who wrote a terrific expose of the Baseball Hall of Fame last year called Cooperstown Confidential .
I emailed Chafets to ask him if he could understand why some might find comparing Limbaugh to Ali a tad off the beam , historically .
He replied ,
“ Sure .
But I was n’t comparing them as anti-war figures or good guys .
And I want to remind you that Ali was , at that time , a Black Muslim who fervently believed ( and often proclaimed ) that white men are literally the devil .
He changed his views later .
But Limbaugh , the putative racist , has never gone anywhere near anything like that .
He believes and says that all people should be judged on the content of their character , regardless of race .
He and I got into it over my view that this is a misguided and overly simple–and possibly disingenuous– formula in today ’s racial environment .
But I do n’t consider Rush is a racist .
He is a racial conservative , ( ie a liberal circa 1965 ) and a candid racial talker in the discussion Eric Holder has called for . ”
It ’s worth punching a few holes in this response .
Liberals in 1965 were actually a far more principled breed than their 21st century counter - parts , let alone Limbaugh .
They believed in the concept of a Great Society and that government had an obligation to take sides on questions of racial and economic justice ..
It was liberals , circa 1965 , who were getting beaten , arrested , and even killed in the struggle for civil rights .
It was liberals who turned against Lyndon Johnson when , as Dr. King put it , “ The Great Society was shot down on the battlefield in Vietnam . ”
To say that Limbaugh , who has called President Obama , ” the little black man-child ” and reveled in playing “ Barack the Magic Negro ” on his show , is just “ a candid racial talker ” strains belief .
As for Ali ’s embrace of the Nation of Islam , this was driven by the very racism and violence that was poisoning the United States .
The fact that Ali , as a privileged sports celebrity , took these stands , only speaks to what he was willing to risk .
For all of Ali ’s faults – and there were many – this part of his character is precious and worth defending .
He had mettle .
He had guts .
Limbaugh revels in the isolation of his studio where opposing views never risk entry .
Even Ali ’s harshest critics cite his courage .
And even Limbaugh ’s fondest admirers , like Chafets , would do well to acknowledge his cowardice .
There is really no comparison .
It ’s Ali in a first round knockout .
Image caption Thursday 's theft targeted the Museum of Modern Art in Paris
Thieves have stolen five pictures , including a lithograph by Picasso , from the home of a private collector in southern France , police sources say .
The owner was beaten up during the robbery at his Marseille home .
The value of the stolen works has not yet been made public .
The theft came a day after paintings worth just under 100 m euros ( £ 86 m ; $ 123 m ) by Picasso , Matisse and other major artists were taken from a museum in Paris .
In the latest theft , judicial police said two men managed to get past two security gates at the collector 's Marseille home and then knocked at the door , AP news agency reported .
According to Reuter , the most important work taken was a lithograph of a woman 's face painted by Picasso .
The works missing after Thursday 's theft in Paris are : Dove with Green Peas by Pablo Picasso ( painted in 1911 ) ; Pastoral by Henri Matisse ( 1906 ) ; Olive Tree near l'Estaque by Georges Braque ( 1906 ) ; Woman with Fan by Amedeo Modigliani ( 1919 ) ; and Still Life with Candlestick by Fernand Leger ( 1922 ) .
Paris Mayor Bertrand Delanoe has admitted one of the alarms at the Museum of Modern art had been " partly malfunctioning " since the end of March , and had been awaiting repair when the theft happened .
Posted : June 15th , 2010 by ROM
Great news , people !
Please read this general pinball service announcement :
As most pinballers in Portland know , the Portland Pinball Map serves this city well as the go - to source for locating pins in town .
The map has an army of pals , many of them unknown and unacknowledged ( until now : thank you ) , keeping the data up to date .
When you stop into a spot and notice a machine has been swapped out , it ’s only a matter of moments until * click click BAM * the website is updated .
Easy as that .
And with the next version of the iPhone app coming at ya shortly , users will be able add / remove machines and stuff straight from their phone .
Plus what ’s more , the Android app is shaping up curvaceously , and will be available sooooooon !
So , as I ’ve pointed out , the map works well here because we have 1 ) a ton of machines , 2 ) hot data , 3 ) a really user - friendly website , and 4 ) an active user base that helps keep everything up to date .
But there are some other cities around the country with a bunch of public machines , too .
And they wanted a map like ours – So ! the Portland Pinball Map has expanded to cover other cities .
First up are British Columbia ( aka Vancouver , BC ) , and Seattle , WA .
Their maps are basically separate sites , all under one domain .
And it ’s easy to switch from one to the next .
See :
British Columbia
Seattle
The new link for the site is http://pinballmap.com ( though http://portlandpinballmap.com still works , too ) .
If you already have the iPhone app , the next version will have these regions added to it .
And any additional regions we add will be automatically added to the apps ( no updating necessary ) .
We ’re excited about these new regions .
VRPA is managing the BC data , and they ’re surely going to be on the ball with keeping things up to date .
But for both regions we need to get the word out !
If you live in either of these areas , please start using these maps !
The cool thing about these is that you do n’t have to send machine updates to someone , and then wait for the updates to be made live – you can do all the updates yourself .
Cut out the middleman !
And we ’re always adding more features to the maps .
If you have suggestions , sock ’em to us .
One Response to ' The Pinball Map is Multi - City '
Subscribe to comments with RSS or TrackBack to ' The Pinball Map is Multi - City ' .
Leave a Reply
Strengthening Hamas Hardship Continues for Gazans Despite Easing of Israeli Blockade
Israel may have eased its blockade of the Gaza Strip in response to international pressure , but life for many of the Palestinians living there has so far changed little .
Even hardliners in Israel are starting to recognize that the blockade only helps to strengthen Hamas .
A bus driver for a construction firm shot six workers dead and wounded six others as he sprayed passengers with gunfire near the Egyptian capital .
A police investigation showed the shooting on Tuesday was due to a row between the driver and some of his colleagues who were excavating near his house looking for antiquities , a security official said .
" Six employees were killed and six others wounded before the other workers were able to overpower [ the driver ] , " provincial governor Fathi Saad said on public television .
The governor said the violence was all the more shocking because the driver had " a good reputation . "
The driver for the company Arab Contractors was taking 22 employees to their workplace in Giza when he stopped the bus at Meniel Shiha , 20 kilometres south of Cairo , and started firing .
Arab Contractors , one of Egypt 's biggest building firms , said the incident took place about 200 metres from one of its sites .
" The passengers were shocked to see driver Mahmud Taha Ahmad Sueilem , 54 , pull out an automatic weapon from under his seat and start firing indiscriminately on the passengers , " it said in a statement .
The official MENA news agency , quoting a security official , said the driver opened fire following a row with colleague and neighbour Abdel Fattah Salem " over archaeological excavations . "
The official , citing the results of a police investigation , said that Salem and other company employee were involved in excavations near the driver 's house in search of antiquities .
" Salem criticised them about this and they made fun of him and threatened him ...
The bus driver decided to get his revenge and hid an automatic rifle in the bus , " the official said .
Survivors said earlier that the driver , who was arrested by the authorities , had been suffering depression due to a job transfer .
- AFP
I 've written before about difficulties in parsing introduced by indirect notation in Perl 5 as well as why barewords in Perl 5 making parsing difficult .
Nicholas Clark reminded me over the weekend of something I heard long ago .
In particular :
... as well as action at a distance , there 's a speed hit on every class method call because first the code does a stash lookup to see if the package name string is actually a filehandle ...
— Nicholas Clark , methods and bareword file handles , action at a distance , ( un) speed
That is , when invoking a method on a bareword ( such as the name of a class ) , Perl 5 has to check whether a filehandle of that name exists , then fetch the underlying filehandle object , then invoke the method on that object .
This takes place even if you never use bareword filehandles in your program .
It 's likely too risky to change now ( at least in Perl 5 ) lest millions of programs written since 1994 suddenly and mysteriously break with odd error messages .
( The correct design solution is to forbid the use of ambiguous barewords at the syntax level in order to avoid costly and often unnecessary runtime checks .
In other words , similar things should look similar and different things — filehandles and class names — should look different . )
By Jane Tierney
A Berkeley scientist who is advising British Petroleum is cautioning against the use of too many detergents to clean up the vast oil spill in the gulf .
Terry Hazen , a microbial ecologist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( Berkeley Lab ) and a leading bioremediation expert , is advising authorities that using detergents to clean up oil - contaminated sites may make matters worse .
They might cause their own environmental problems .
Instead , Hazen suggests that biomediation , a process that uses microorganisms , enzymes , fungi or green plants to repair a natural environment compromised by contaminants , might be a better approach .
“ It is important to remember that oil is a biological product and can be degraded by microbes , both on and beneath the surface of the water , ” said Hazen .
“ Some of the detergents that are typically used to clean - up spill sites are more toxic than the oil itself , in which case it would be better to leave the site alone and allow microbes to do what they do best . ”
Hazen , the head of the ecology department at Berkeley Lab , is advising BP on behalf of the Department of Energy .
Hazen is also managing two research vessels in the gulf , staffed by international scientific crews from Canada , Australia and the U.S.
They are sampling the gulf beaches and deep water for toxicity and levels of contamination .
Hazen has also appeared widely in the news , including an appearance on KQED ’s Forum with Michael Krasny .
Hazen will be on NBC Nightly News tonight .
Experts estimate that 29 million gallons of oil have leaked out of the broken BP underwater well , making the spill the largest in U.S. history .
In attempts to contain the spreading oil slick and protect the fragile ecosystems of the gulf region , clean up crews have resorted to an array of oil skimmers , booms and chemical dispersants , as well as burning off the surface oil .
Such extreme clean up measures are rife with unintended consequences , said Hazen .
Subscribe to the Daily Briefing Do n’t miss a story .
Get Berkeleyside headlines delivered to your inbox .
Do n’t miss a story .
Get Berkeleyside headlines delivered to your inbox .
“ There are newer dispersants , such as the Correctix 9500 that have not been tested by EPA , and can have toxic effects on specific marine life , ” said Hazen .
In 1978 , 227,000 tons of crude oil leaked off the coast of Normandy , France , affecting nearly 200 miles of coastline .
In that catastrophe , known as Amoco Cadiz spill , only areas of greatest economic impact were treated with detergents , said Hazen .
Large remote areas were left untreated .
“ The untreated coastal areas were fully recovered within five years of the Amoco Cadiz spill , ” said Hazen .
“ As for the treated areas , ecological studies show that 30 years later , those areas still have not recovered . ”
The Exxon Valdez , the oil supertanker , spilled 11 million gallons of crude oil into the Prince William Sound in Alaska in March 1989 , and impacted some 1,300 miles of US coastline .
Until now , it was the largest US oil spill .
A combination of detergents and bioremediation were used in the clean up .
The detergents added phosphorous and nitrogen compounds to the environment .
In addition , as part of the bioremediation effort , fertilizers were also used to promote microbial growth .
After the first year , the treated areas were dramatically cleaner , Hazen says , but after the second year no improvements were observed .
Long - term prospects for the treated Alaskan areas remain grim .
Hazen believes this experience should inform current strategies .
While improvements to detergent dispersants have been made , including some degree of biodegradability , they remain rich in nutrients and in some cases are more toxic to the environment than crude oil .
They also upset the ecological balance of the treated locations for years to come .
“ From a clean - up standpoint , right now we should be using sorbents to take up as much of the oil as possible , ” Hazen said .
“ Then we need to gauge how quickly and completely this oil can be degraded without human intervention . ”
A public lecture by Terry Hazen entitled “ Bioremediation : The Hope and the Hype for Environmental Cleanup ” can be viewed on the Berkeley Lab YouTube site .
Aries - An Overview , Read all about Aries Horoscope
If you are born with your moon in Aries , you are ruled by Mars .
This gives you a fierce disposition but with a tinge of vulnerability .
You have an assertive streak and a profound need for independence .
Apart from being a fiery sign , Aries is also a cardinal moon sign .
This highlights their need to act , mostly impulsively .
You are an initiator by birth and live in the world of actions and dynamism .
However , with an eagerness to do so much in life you tend to leave things midway to jump on to other random stuffs .
This calls for a strict discipline in life .
You have the ability to be disciplined and balance , but you need proper grooming , in this aspect .
Being placed opposite the sign of balance – Libra , you are inclined towards the same , but need to acquire it with time .
Learning the art of balance is n’t an option for you , but a necessity to keep your life on the right track .
Desires run high in your blood and you have the ability to ignite the same amount of passion in others , as well .
Stimulation and motivation is a highly marked quality of yours .
A word about your lord :
Bow down to the commander - in- chief
Mars is the lord of Aries moon sign .
The fierce planet of the cosmic universe is rather high in energy , which cannot be contained , but needs to be channelize in a proper way .
It gives you courage the fight off the adversities in life with fervor and vigor .
Aries moon imbibe the true essence of Martian energy and believe that actions do speak louder than words .
A word about your element : Fiery and fierce
Aries moons are marked by the element of fire .
This is where their spontaneity , encouragement , instinct , and passions come from .
Aries , are thus , impulsive yet volatile with a fire in their belly .
They like to live by their own rules , dream big and bold .
You will flare up when inspired and enthused , but may miss out on crucial steps or are inconsiderate of the outcome of your actions .
What you like ?
An open sky
Independence , is the most important thing for you .
You like it when you are left on your own to work out things , rather than being directed about what to do .
Recognition and appreciation are the key lures for Aries moons .
It is quite easier to get things done from them with a little gratitude .
Aries moon sign born natives have a high affinity towards people who are open , daring and straightforward in their disposition .
They are a strict follower of their lineage and will never really outgrow from their roots .
Symbolized by Ram , they have a thing for adventurous people and activities .
They have a strong urge to explore the places , things and situations outside their comfort zone .
Being an Aries , you like to lead .
In fact , as a leader , Aries makes for one of the most successful and idealistic influencers .
What you dislike ?
Restriction and restrain
Aries are easily put off by negativity , dichotomy and brittleness .
Another thing which is a big thumbs down for Aries moon sign is disappointment .
They also do n’t stand ignorance .
They detest when being lead or ordered around .
You can not be obligated to anybody , be it your friend , family , spouse or even your boss .
Talking , is not the thing for Aries , you would rather act upon the situation than sit with your concerned group to discuss the possibilities .
For you it is a sheer waste of time .
Your strengths : Energy , intelligence and optimism
The strength of an Aries lies in their independence , intuitive and free - spirited nature .
Their energy and vitality makes them the risk - takers who knows well how to live on the edge .
You have great intuitive abilities and thus , at most times , you are able to take effective and quick decisions .
Your observation capabilities are superior and you are able to pin-point things and take clarification on the same , even if it requires cross-questioning your elders or seniors , at work .
You have childlike , optimistic innocence and the ability to be open and frank about your views .
Your strong sense of self - assurance is both good and bad for you , but , it is indeed more of an asset in a world which is full of pretense and wickedness .
Your weakness : Haste , impulse and criticism
Your tendency to act and then think is in fact , a big disadvantage for you .
In doing so , you tend to disregard the emotions and feelings of other and does n’t really think of the conclusive effects of your actions , on your own life and on the life of others , including your near and dear ones .
Your lack of introspection , often runs the risk emotional breakdown and you are unable to create a sense of balance around this nervousness and suffering .
Aries are fault pickers , they are rather observant and critical of their surroundings and will not hesitate in sharing their most honest and upright viewpoints .
This could be , at times , disheartening for their loved ones , but they seldom care enough .
Your family relationships : Parents ’ pet
Aries moon sign born natives are very emotional when it comes to their family and relationships .
They have profound sense of attachment with their family members and are the darlings of their parents .
Aries are the most adored kid of the house and crave for attention and appreciation since the very young age .
They will share a strong bond with their siblings .
Though there will be lot of fights , but you will not be able to stay away from them , either .
If your Mercury is well - placed in the 6th house , this indicates a harmonious and affectionate relationship with siblings .
But , if your Mercury is positioned in the 12th house , then chances of tiffs and a strained relationship with siblings will be there .
Your love life and marriage : Royal in romance , stable in marriage
Aries moon sign natives will be attracted to a partner with more Venusian qualities .
Their partner will be more balanced approach , in general , to offer an equilibrium in the relationship .
There are more chances that their partner is not going to be from the same community .
Whatever will be the case , you will have a demanding partner and thus chances of ego clashes loom large over your relationship .
Jupiter plays an important role in analyzing whether you will have a devoted and caring spouse , while Mars assess the quality of your sex life .
Your career : Boss ’s favorite
Aries moon sign natives are their boss ’s favorite , because of their hard work , dedication and ingenious abilities .
They make for great team leads , initiators and can perform well with limited or no supervision .
Mercury , Saturn and Venus are the key planets for analyzing the career of Aries moon sign natives .
Apart from this , Mars ( your lagna lord ) also plays an important role , in this area .
If all these planets are well - placed in your horoscope then you will have a flourishing and gainful career .
But , if they are weak in your chart , you may have to face challenges and failures on work front .
Your health : Energetic and active
The placement and strength of Mars is very important in investigating the overall health and well - being of Aries moon sign natives .
In general , Aries natives have an active and dynamic disposition with a vigorous lifestyle and good health .
Mental health is gauged by the placement of Sun in your birth chart .
If you have Sun in your 6th , 7th , 8th or 12th house , you must avoid taking too much stress and mental pressure .
In such a case , detailed study of your chart and some remedial measures will be recommended .
Your lucky day
Being ruled by Mars , your lucky days are Tuesday , Thursday and Sunday .
Your lucky color
The lucky colors for Aries moon sign born natives are Red and yellow , true to the appearance and characteristic of their ruling lord Mars .
Also Read Aries Man
The boycott call invites Israelis to stand alongside in solidarity with Palestinians .
( Wissam Nassar / MaanImages )
BDS
BDS
The list of successful BDS actions has now become too long to list , yet , there are still many out there who do not believe in this movement and have reservations on a number of grounds , offering two main concerns that are rarely tackled , and when they are it is only cursory .
The first is the criticism of why a boycott movement against Israel and not countries like China , Sudan or the US .
This claim often gets tagged on with the idea that this is due to an inherent anti-Semitism .
The second concerns the argument that boycott is against dialogue , which often comes along with accusations that it promotes censorship and is a form of collective punishment .
Boycotting other countries
Two recent open statements on boycott over the summer , by Naomi Klein and Neve Gordon , both anticipated the first criticism , but neither went far enough in explaining why it is necessary to boycott Israel and why we do n’t boycott other countries .
Gordon asked the question only to almost completely ignore it , while Klein has provided two explanations that when combined begin to form a coherent response .
In her article published by The Nation on 8 January 2009 , in response to the question of why we do not boycott other western countries that are also human rights abusers , Klein wrote that “ Boycott is not a dogma ; it is a tactic .
The reason the BDS strategy should be tried against Israel is practical : in a country so small and trade - dependent , it could actually work . ”
While this is true it does not fully respond to the critics .
There are several other reasons why we do not boycott some of the other countries mentioned above .
By far the most important of these , outlined by Klein in an interview with Cecille Surasky for Alternet on 1 September 2009 , is that individuals around the world are not boycotting , but rather , they are responding to a call for boycott coming from Palestinian civil society .
Klein is not the first to say this ; veterans of the South Africa anti-apartheid campaign who led a successful boycott have also stressed the need to stand with indigenous communities .
Boycott is a move to heed the voice of an oppressed group and follow its lead .
The idea is that there are no movements out of Tibet , in the case of Chinese oppression , or Iraq in the case of the American occupation , that are calling for boycott and for the international community to respond to that call .
This is important !
The BDS movement comes from within Palestinian society and it is this factor that makes it so powerful and effective .
If there were calls for the boycott of places like the US , China or North Korea coming from those the governments oppress , then it would be worthwhile to listen to such calls .
Naomi Klein ’s original comment that BDS is not dogmatic but tactical is crucial , in that the movement does not claim that BDS can successfully be used in fighting all oppression wherever it is , but that in certain cases of apartheid and colonial oppression , this tool is highly effective .
The case of Israel proves very salient here because it receives an almost surreal amount of aid and foreign investment from around the world , most notably the US , with which it enjoys a special status .
This makes the daily operations of the Israeli state and its institutions far more accountable to the international community than a place like Sudan , frequently brought up by boycott critics because of the violence in Darfur .
It also means , in the case of economic boycott and divestment , that the international community is withdrawing its gifts and support , rather than allowing it to enjoy its special status — hardly a punishment .
It is the high level of support that Israel enjoys that makes it susceptible to BDS , whereas in some of the other countries that are often promoted in debates for boycott , as Klein says , “ there are [ already ] very clear state sanctions against these countries . ”
In the same September article , Yael Lerer , an Israeli publisher interviewed alongside Klein , echoed this position : “ these countries do n’t have these film festivals and Madonna is not going to have a concert in North Korea .
The problem here is that the international community treats Israel like it was a normal , European , Western state .
And this is the basis of the boycott call : the special relationship that Israeli universities have with European universities and with universities in the United States , which universities in Zimbabwe do n’t have .
I do believe that Israel could not continue the occupation for one single day without the support of the United States and the European Union . ”
Critics of BDS must keep in mind the tactical aspect of the movement .
We cannot boycott all countries in the world , but this does not mean that BDS against Israel cannot be applied as a tool to force a restructuring of relations between Palestinians and Israelis .
This leads into the next criticism regarding boycott as being anti-dialogue .
Boycott is dialogue
Since the signing of the Oslo accords in 1994 , many have walked down the path of dialogue — I tried it for several years — and found this to be a strategy to stall for time while the Israeli government was building facts on the ground .
We saw dialogue become the slogan for former criminals to clean their bloody hands and appear as peaceful while they continued their strategies of oppression ; Israeli President Shimon Peres has been the master of such tactics .
I found on college campuses in the US where I studied that dialogue was a way to neutralize confrontation and sanitize a dirty conflict .
But avoiding confrontation favors the status quo , and the status quo has been , until BDS , in favor of occupation .
The boycott movement is , to be sure , against this dialogue , but not dialogue in an absolute sense .
In fact , at its very core , BDS is a movement that is premised on dialogue and of re-appropriating the meaning of dialogue to its rightful place — one that sees a communication between two equal partners and not one where the occupier can force demands and dictate terms to the occupied .
BDS is supposed to foster dialogue by locating those who are committed to real and consistent struggle against Zionism — and this is most appropriately seen not in economic forms of boycott but in cultural and academic boycott where artists , musicians , filmmakers , academics and other cultural figures are able to come together , converse and build networks in the face of oppressive institutions that are the real target of these boycotts .
Where economic boycott creates economic pressure , cultural boycott fosters dialogue and communication precisely because it shames and shuns those that directly collaborate with the Israeli government and its institutions .
The power of all these forms of BDS is in their recognition that true justice can only be achieved when Israelis and Palestinians work together for a common cause , when they realize that their struggle is shared , and when Israelis understand that they must sacrifice alongside Palestinians if they want true peace .
The power of BDS is that it offers an alternative to the national struggles of Hamas and Fatah , and calls on Israelis to join Palestinians in their struggle , and to move beyond the comfort zone of preaching peace , and into the realm of action that requires a “ no business as usual ” attitude .
Indeed , BDS provides the means to generate a new movement that can respond to the main Palestinian political parties that have made a mockery of a people ’s right to resist , despite their achievements of the past .
A significant part of this is that BDS enables a discourse that moves beyond “ ending the occupation ” to place demands for the right of return and equal rights for Palestinians in Israel as top priorities .
If Israelis and Palestinians can build a movement together , can struggle together , then this movement will embody the world they wish to create , one that is shared .
Thus , BDS is not a tactic for a national movement ; as it gains strength it will prove to have foes on both sides of the nationalist divide .
Its power as a tactic lies in its ability to foster a movement that challenges nationalist discourse .
It can create the conditions to make possible a movement that recognizes that while national self - determination remains a central element in a world ruled by antagonistic nationalisms , it should not be constrained by traditional notions of nationalism based on superiority and ethnic exclusion , or by the force of current political parties .
In this way , BDS is not anti-dialogue , on the contrary , it is a call out to Israelis to be partners in struggle .
It is a call out to Israelis to take a step forward towards envisioning collectively an alternative relationship in the land of Israel - Palestine .
It is time to step out of our comfort zones , to confront , to not be satisfied in talking about tolerance and dialogue for the sake of dialogue .
It is time to realize that people already recognize the humanity of the other , but that politics intervene to ensure “ we ” do not grant “ them ” this humanity .
It is time to realize that it is not the Israeli who is targeted by BDS , but the Israeli government and Israeli institutions that collaborate in the occupation of the Palestinians , and degrade and demonize them .
Finally , it is time to realize that BDS is a winnable , nonviolent strategy precisely because it works on slowly changing attitudes and building bridges towards a common vision of justice and equality , and because it creates a real feeling of loss , therefore real pressure , on Israeli governments and institutions , that go beyond the lip service of the “ peace process . ”
Sami Hermez is a doctoral candidate of anthropology at Princeton University working on questions of violence and nonviolence .
The following is the first of a series of articles on Peru ’s history , incorporating stories from the Peruvian Times archives , as well as links to videos , audio and other external sources to provide a rich background of information .
The first section of this series includes 20 articles , to be published in the coming weeks , beginning with the early history of Lima .
By Paul Goulder
Special to the Peruvian Times
Together with China , India , Egypt , Iraq and Mesoamerica , Peru forged the “ cradles of civilization ” , the first recognizably urban areas in world history .
The photo below ( which , although in colour , seems mainly grey reflecting the desert materials of the site in the early morning light ) shows the main pyramid and amphitheater , just one part of the complex of constructions ( including six truncated , terraced , pyramid platforms ) at Caral in the Norte Chico area some 180 kilometers to the north of Lima .
In this part of the special History of Peru series for the Peruvian Times we ask why , when and where did humans first settle in towns and cities in what is now Peru ?
Was it for security in war or to specialize in trade ?
Was it mainly all happening around 3000 BC ?
And why did this take place in the Norte Chico area ?
In short , how did early - Peruvians move from a simple nomadic life to forming more complex societies , congregating into urban or semi-urban areas ?
Caral stood out as a clear candidate for inclusion in our series not least because it forms part of a greater “ complex of formative towns and archaeological sites ” ( the whole Norte Chico zone ) but also because of its current high - standing in the popular imagination .
At the site ( see also Part 2 , next week ) with the competent guide provided by the Caral - Supe project – which trains locals to be amiable , interested as well as interesting commentators as they walk you round – an hour or so is enough to provide an intelligent understanding of Caral ’s history .
( Bring a wide brimmed sun-hat and comfortable shoes . )
Manuel , our guide , was immensely proud of his ancient ancestral heritage and did come from the nearby village of Caral .
Taken as a whole , the zone provides dateable materials stretching even further back than 5,000 years ago .
Caral has produced little evidence that people at that stage formed towns or extended settlements as protection against attack , but plenty of evidence of economic specialization and hence exchange and trade ( for example making fishing - nets in exchange for fish ) associated with unusually long periods of peace .
They had “ early khipus ” ( well , at least one – the khipu or quipu was a pre-hispanic knotted - string recording device ) which could have provided the basis for an accounting system .
In Sumeria about the same time the world ’s first writing was , indeed , coming on stream using clay tablets but ceramics was not a technique available in Peru until about 1,800 BC thus impeding the easy development of writing .
On the other hand writing in Sumeria seems to have been used mainly for “ book - keeping ” .
Some of these questions are further explored in the BBC Horizon film on the topic .
This film is in English though sub -titles are available .
In Spanish , some of the most informative videos are from the TV Peru series Sucedió en el Perú ( It Happened in Peru ) .
The TV Peru video on Caral includes an interview with the director of the Caral - Supe archaeological project .
The video may also be accessed from the the TV Peru website where , as an added bonus , you can watch TVPeru programs anywhere in the world .
The website of the official excavation and development team under the leadership of Dr Ruth Shady Solis is to be found at http://www.caralperu.gob.pe .
Also , an extended version of this article with footnotes will appear on the http://academia.wikia.com/wiki/History_of_Peru website in approximately ten days following its publication in the Peruvian Times .
There is also now a museum at Végueta and organized tours to the “ three economically - linked cities ” of Caral , Aspero and Vichama , all in the same zone .
Again , updated information is available from the Caral website .
Next Week : Part 2 – A Time
Tour of five sites – starting at Caral – covering the “ foundations ” period of Peru ’s history from 3000 BC ( the first urban areas ) to 700 AD ( beginnings of the first empires ) during which humans invented , discovered , borrowed , created , imported or otherwise dreamt up the knowledge , technologies and arts necessary for the development of advanced complex societies and the first “ states ” in the Americas .
____________________________
Incidentally :
Korea and China also had stepped pyramids – see Korean ancient pyramid Zangkunchong
Peru ’s earliest cities are the only ones without ceramics .
Why – if the earliest cities were started about the same time – did use of ceramics kick off at such different dates : Peru 1800 BC , China 10000 BC , Britain 4000 BC ?
Compare with other world “ cradles ” of civilization – Listen to the BBC Radio 4 History of the World in 100 objects | See a Zotero bibliography and “ list of links with notes ” on Peruvian studies |
Help edit an extended “ evolving ” article on this topic |
Find other articles in the “ wiki ” domains about early Peruvian cities and archaeological sites |
Add your own article to the online collection ( click on “ Create new article ” in left box of article you are opening ) |
Watch a PBS film which provides contemporary information and background on Peru .
Paul Goulder : Academic and specialist on Latin America and Peru .
Last academic posts : ENSCP - Paris ; King ’s College , University of London ; UNSA , Arequipa , Peru .
Also not - for - profit work in ecology , development and education in UK and Peru .
Imagine yourself as a lawyer who wants to sue 4,577 anonymous Internet users for swapping the Uwe Boll - produced film Far Cry through BitTorrent networks .
Would you prefer to file one lawsuit , pay one filing fee , and submit one set of documents , or would you like to file 4,577 separate lawsuits , each with their own filing fees and documents ?
The question answers itself , and it explains why Boll 's law firm of Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver filed a single federal lawsuit against " Does 1 - 4,577 " in DC's District Court earlier this year .
But in multiple court filings today , the American Civil Liberties Union has joined forces with the Electronic Frontier Foundation and Public Citizen to attack this “ sue 'em all ” P2P litigation strategy .
The DC court should " sever " the cases , according to the civil liberties groups , dropping everyone but " Doe 1 . "
If the lawyers want to sue the 4,576 others in the Far Cry case , they can " of course file new lawsuits in the District . "
The same logic would also apply to the other cases filed this year , all of which have targeted numerous Does — sometimes as many as 5,000 at once .
Jurisdiction
The argument against these huge “ joined ” lawsuits is based on three principles .
First is the key idea of jurisdiction ; all of the cases to date have been filed in Washington DC , despite the fact that the defendants come from all over the US .
Yesterday we profiled three defendants from Colorado , Indiana , and Georgia , all of whom filed their own motions with the court .
One woman from Fort Wayne , Indiana even noted in her handwritten letter that " this is a very strong hardship for me , all this being over a 100 miles away , and me not having any knowledge of this at all . "
The concept of jurisdiction is meant to protect people from routinely being sued far from home where they would have difficultly responding to the charge .
The new amici briefs filed today in three of these P2P lawsuits all argue that Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver could have , with little work , " Discovered that hardly any of the Does it has sued appear to reside in this District , and that therefore the case against them was likely not properly brought here .
Nonetheless , Plaintiff improperly sued them here , apparently seeking to force almost all of the Doe defendants to incur the expense and burden of a defense in a foreign District ( or to settle in order to avoid the expense ) . ”
Reverse DNS lookups on the IP addresses used in the case would have shown that the defendants were likely located across the country “ from Hawaii to Florida . ”
" Requiring individuals from across the country to litigate in this District creates exactly the sort of hardship and unfairness that the personal jurisdiction requirements exist to prevent , ” write the amici .
Adventures in joinder
Second , the groups claim that " Plaintiff 's joinder of more than 4,500 defendants in a single action is improper and runs the tremendous risk of creating unfairness and denying individual justice to the suit .
Mass joinder of individuals has been disapproved by federal courts in both the RIAA cases and elsewhere . "
Joinder generally requires all defendants to have participated in the same incident — a group of piratical friends running an illegal website together , for instance .
But in this case , the defendants have no connection with each other and are not part of a single conspiracy or group .
“ Joinder based on separate but similar behavior by individuals allegedly using the Internet to commit copyright infringement has been rejected by courts across the country , ” write the amici .
Joining the cases together allows the lawyers to avoid paying individual filing fees for a large number of lawsuits and ensures that the small , Leesburg , Virginia law firm of Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver can avoid huge amounts of travel .
But the approach raises “ serious questions of individual fairness and individual justice . ”
The amici want each Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver mass lawsuit " severed . "
Prove it
Finally , the amici raise concerns about the thinness of the evidence presented so far .
The lawyers have asked for more than 14,000 subpoenas in the last six months , all of them based on general declarations and long lists of alleged infringing IP addresses .
But where is the evidence that each particular IP address is properly targeted ?
“ Plaintiff has provided no specific evidence other than its summary declarations to support that these activities were done for each Doe defendant , ” say the amici , requesting screenshots and other specific documents of each alleged offense .
Without such information , they argue that the lawsuits are improper violations of the First Amendment right to anonymous speech .
That right is obviously given up if one engages in illegal behavior , but some actual evidence of that behavior must be offered before the shield of anonymity is removed .
Opposition mounts
If the court adopts the approach suggested here , the costs of the current anti-P2P litigation strategy could become untenable .
If each anonymous defendant requires several hundred dollars in filing fees , individual paperwork , individual subpoenas , and detailed information on their alleged distribution , settling for a mere $ 1,500 does n't sound so hot .
The filing also puts the EFF , ACLU , and Public Citizen on the side of Time Warner Cable , which has been the most vocal ISP involved in challenging the subpoenas stemming from these cases .
In seeking to quash the subpoenas , TWC told the court last month :
It is not evident from the complaint in this case that there is anything common to the 2,094 defendants [ this was before the lawyers upped it to 4,577 defendants ] that would justify joining them in a single litigation ...
Courts facing these identical circumstances have repeatedly held that a plaintiff may not join in a single action multiple defendants who have allegedly downloaded or facilitated the download of copyrighted material at different times and locations .
Thus , if the plaintiff wants to sue these 2,094 defendants , it owes this court 2,094 separate filing fees , and it must file individual actions .
Plaintiff then would be unable to combine together a single , massive discovery request with which to burden non-party ISPs such as TWC .
Dunlap , Grubb , & Weaver now faces consolidated opposition from ISPs and public interest groups over its approach to dealing with P2P usage online .
It will need to convince a judge that jurisdiction and joinder are proper in order to keep the lawsuit juggernaut rolling along .
If it can't , the firm 's entrepreneurial adventures in copyright settlement could meet an untimely end — or the lawyers might decide to hike their settlement fees to compensate for all the extra work .
In December 2008 , Dr Anthony Evans and I wrote an article for the IEA asking , in these testing times for central banks , whether there is room for Austrian Ideas at the top table .
Historically there have been roughly three main ideas that explain macroeconomic fluctuations , and they can be demonstrated with a brief ( and highly stylised ) overview .
The first to emerge stems from Vienna , with the works of Ludwig von Mises and Friedrich Hayek .
This focuses on the communicative role played by interest rates , which signal to entrepreneurs the willingness of consumers to forgo current goods for the sake of greater future consumption .
When central banks create monetary expansion this disrupts the signal and alters relative prices .
Entrepreneurs invest due to low interest rates , but since this is not backed by greater savings the ‘ boom ’ is unsustainable .
When inflationary pressures caused by the printing of money mean that interest rates rise , a recession is the inevitable consequence .
The second is associated with John Maynard Keynes and his followers in Cambridge , England ( such as Joan Robinson ) and Cambridge , Massachusetts ( such as N. Gregory Mankiw and Paul Krugman ) .
This approach shifts attention from demand or supply shocks to emphasise the frictions within a market economy that amplify relatively minor shocks into real ( i.e. output and employment ) effects .
Issues such as price rigidity and capital market imperfections are market frictions that require aggregate demand management to overcome .
The third main idea is associated with the New Classical and real business cycle ( RBC ) theorists who view cyclical activity as being the outcome of random productivity shocks .
Under certain assumptions supply - side shocks ( such as energy prices , changes in productivity , regulations , civil unrest ) alter the natural rate of output , and the economy efficiently responds .
For simplicity we label these three main frameworks as ‘ Vienna ’ , ‘ Cambridge ’ and ‘ Chicago ’ , and use doughnut charts to illustrate their similarities and differences :
There is a lot of discussion this week about a new paper in PNAS ( Andregg et al , 2010 ) that tries to assess the credibility of scientists who have made public declarations about policy directions .
This comes from a long tradition of papers ( and drafts ) where people have tried to assess the state of the ' scientific consensus '
( Oreskes , Brown et al , Bray and von Storch , Doran and Zimmerman etc. ) .
What has bedevilled all these attempts is that since it is very difficult to get scientists to respond to direct questions ( response rates for surveys are pitiful ) , proxy data of some sort or another are often used that may or may not be useful for the specifics of the ' consensus ' being tested ( which itself is often not clearly defined ) .
Is the test based on agreeing with every word in the IPCC report ?
Or just the basic science elements ?
Does it mean adhering to a specific policy option ?
Or merely stating that ' something ' should be done about emissions ?
Related issues arise from mis-specified or ambiguous survey questions , and from the obvious fact that opinions about climate in general are quite varied and sometimes can't easily be placed in neatly labelled boxes .
Given these methodological issues ( and there are others ) , why do people bother ?
The answer lies squarely in the nature of the public ' debate ' on climate .
For decades , one of the main tools in the arsenal of those seeking to prevent actions to reduce emissions has been to declare the that the science is too uncertain to justify anything .
To that end , folks like Fred Singer , Art Robinson , the Cato Institute and the ' Friends ' of Science have periodically organised letters and petitions to indicate ( or imply ) that ' very important scientists ' disagree with Kyoto , or the Earth Summit or Copenhagen or the IPCC etc .
These are clearly attempts at ' arguments from authority ' , and like most such attempts , are fallacious and , indeed , misleading .
They are misleading because as anyone with any familiarity with the field knows , the basic consensus is almost universally accepted .
That is , the planet is warming , that human activities are contributing to the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere ( chiefly , but not exclusively CO 2 ) , that these changes are playing a big role in the current warming , and thus , further increases in the levels of GHGs in the atmosphere are very likely to cause further warming which could have serious impacts .
You can go to any standard meeting or workshop , browse the abstracts , look at any assessment , ask any of the National Academies etc. and receive the same answer .
There are certainly disputes about more detailed or specific issues ( as there is in any scientific field ) , and lots of research continues to improve our quantitative understanding of the system , but the basic issues ( as outlined above ) are very widely ( though not universally ) accepted .
It is in response to these attempts to portray the scientific community as fractured and in disagreement , that many people have tried to find quantitative ways to assess the degree of consensus among scientists on the science and , as with this new paper , the degree of credibility and expertise among the signers of various letters advocating policies .
It is completely legitimate to examine the credentials of people making public statements ( on any side of any issue ) – especially if they make a claim to scientific expertise .
It does make a difference if medical advice is being given by a quack or the Surgeon General .
The database that Jim Prall has assembled allows anyone to look this expertise up – and since any new source of information is useful , we think this can be generally supported .
Prall 's database has a number of issues of course , most of them minor but some which might be considered more problematic : it relies on citation statistics , which have well - known problems ( though mostly across fields rather than within them ) , it uses Google Scholar rather than the standard ( ISI ) citation index , and there are almost certainly some confusions between people with similar names .
Different methodologies could be tried – ranking via h - index perhaps – but the as long as small differences are not blown out of proportion , the rankings he comes up with appear reasonable .
So it is now possible to estimate an expertise level associated with any of the various lists and letters that are out there .
Note that it is worth distinguishing between letters that have been voluntarily signed and lists that have been gathered with nothing but political point scoring in mind ( the Inhofe / Morano list was egregious in its cherry picking of quotes in order to build up its numbers and can't be relied on as an accurate reflection of peoples opinions in any way , and similarly contributing to RealClimate is not a statement about policy preferences ! ) .
Additionally , it is n't always clear that every signatory of each letter really believes every point in the statement .
For instance , does Lindzen really believe that attribution is impossible unless current changes exceed all known natural variations ( implying that nothing could be said unless we got colder than Snowball Earth or warmer than the Cretaceous or sea level rose more than 120 meters …. ) ?
We doubt it .
But as tests of political preferences , these letters are probably valid indicators .
So , do the climate scientists who have publicly declared that they are ' convinced of the evidence ' that emission policies are required have more credentials and expertise than the signers of statements declaring the opposite ?
Yes .
That does n't demonstrate who 's policy prescription is correct of course , and it remains a viable ( if somewhat uncommon ) position to acknowledge that despite most climate scientists agreeing that there is a problem , one still might not want to do anything about emissions .
Does making a list of signers of public statements , or authors of the IPCC reports , constitute a ' delegitimization ' of their views ?
Not in the slightest .
If someone 's views are widely discounted , it is most likely because of what they have said , not who they sign letters with .
However , any attempt to use political opinions ( as opposed to scientific merit ) to affect funding , influence academic hiring , launch investigations , or personally harass scientists has no place in a free society – from whichever direction that comes .
In this context , we note that once the categorization goes beyond a self - declared policy position , one is on very thin ice because the danger of ' guilt by association ' .
For instance , one of us ( Eric ) feels more strongly that some of Prall 's classifications in his dataset cross a line ( for more on Eric 's view , see his comments at Dotearth ) .
But will this paper add much to the ' there [ is / is not ] a consensus ' argument ?
Doubtful .
People are just too fond of it .
But there really is .
In his fourth consecutive year and fifth all - time as a finalist , Tampa Bay Lightning right wing Martin St. Louis has captured his first career Lady Byng Memorial Trophy , awarded " to the player adjudged to have exhibited the best type of sportsmanship and gentlemanly conduct combined with a high standard of playing ability , " as selected by the Professional Hockey Writers ' Association .
St. Louis earned 74 first - place votes among the 132 cast and earned 971 points to score a decisive victory over Dallas Stars center Brad Richards ( 449 points ) and Detroit Red Wings center Pavel Datsyuk ( 438 ) , to whom he had finished runner - up in Lady Byng voting in each of the prior three seasons .
Datsyuk was bidding for an unprecedented fifth consecutive Lady Byng Trophy win .
The Tampa Bay winger had a superb 2009 - 10 season , ranking sixth in the League in scoring with 94 points , the second - highest total of his 11 - year NHL career .
His 12 penalty minutes were the fewest among the League 's top 50 scorers and the fewest among the 88 players who appeared in all 82 games .
The winner of the Hart Trophy and Art Ross Trophy in Tampa Bay 's Stanley Cup season of 2003 - 04 , St. Louis has eclipsed 30 penalty minutes in a season only twice in a career that has seen him score 30 goals five times and appear in five NHL All - Star Games .
With growth slowing , a lack of infrastructure investment catching up with it , and rising competition in the neighborhood , the Capital of the New South is looking vulnerable .
Atlanta is arguably the greatest American urban growth story of the 20th century .
In 1950 , it was a sleepy state capital in a region of about a million people , not much different from Indianapolis or Columbus , Ohio .
Today , it 's a teeming region of 5.5 million , the 9th largest in America , home to the world 's busiest airport , a major subway system , and numerous corporations .
Critically , it also has established itself as the country 's premier African American hub at a time of black empowerment .
Though famous for its sprawl , Atlanta has also quietly become one of America 's top urban success stories .
The city of Atlanta has added nearly 120,000 new residents since 2000 , a population increase of 28 % representing fully 10 % of the region 's growth during that period .
None of America 's traditional premier urban centers can make that claim .
As a Chicago city - dweller who did multiple consulting stints in Atlanta , I can tell you the city is much better than its reputation in urbanists circles suggests , and it is a place I could happily live .
Yet the Great Recession has exposed some troubling cracks in the foundations of Atlanta 's success .
Though perhaps it is too early to declare “ game over ” for Atlanta , converging trends point to a possible plateauing of Atlanta remarkable rise , and the end of its great growth phase .
Growth Is Slowing
As with many other boomtowns , in Atlanta growth itself has been among the biggest industries .
Construction particularly played a big role in its economy .
The housing crisis cut the legs from under Atlanta 's real estate machine .
Though prices did n't collapse , new home building did .
From 2005 to 2009 Atlanta 's number of annual building permits fell by 66,352 , the biggest decline of any metro area .
Atlanta grew strongly in the 2000s , with growth of over 1.2 million people , a 29 % rise that beat peer cities like Dallas and Houston .
But look at the recent past and see a very different dynamic .
Domestic in - migration has cratered , only reaching 17,479 last year , or 0.32 % .
While migration did slow nationally last year due to the economy , Dallas and Houston continued to power ahead .
Dallas added 45,241 people ( 0.72 % ) and Houston added 49,662 ( 0.87 % ) .
Even Indianapolis added 7,034 , but that 's 0.42 % on a smaller base , meaning Atlanta is actually getting beat on net migration by a Midwest city ; its in - migration rate is about on par with Columbus , Ohio , another healthy Midwest metropolis ..
The collapse in in - migration should be very worrying to Atlanta ’s leadership .
No new people , no new housing demand , thus no construction jobs .
It should come as no surprise that Atlanta 's 10.8 % unemployment rate is well ahead of the 9.7 % national rate .
The Infrastructure Brick Wall
Last July , Judge Paul Magnuson ruled that Atlanta had been illegally taking water from Lake Lanier , the principal source of the region 's water supply .
The ruling may not stick but it nevertheless has brought into focus the long term insufficiency of the water supply for Atlanta .
Lake Lanier almost ran dry during a recent drought , but has since recovered in the recent wet years .
The problem is more political than environmental .
Atlanta has not appreciably expanded its water sources in 50 years despite all that growth .
Atlanta has a myriad of infrastructure problems .
It suffers some of the highest water and sewer rates in the nation , double those of New York City .
And these are only going to get worse as the city embarks on a multi-billion dollar Clean Water Act Compliance program .
This is an ominous sign for a city whose attractiveness is in large part due to its low costs .
As Councilwoman Clair Muller put it , “ I ’m not sure being No. 1 in the country for water and sewer rates is a good selling feature for Atlanta . ”
But the biggest infrastructure issue for Atlanta is transportation .
Atlanta is famous for its bad traffic and attendant pollution .
Its freeways are among the world 's widest , but this disguises the extent to which the roadway infrastructure is woefully insufficient .
Atlanta has a simple beltway and spoke system similar akin to Indianapolis and Columbus , much smaller cities .
Other big cities like Houston , Dallas , Minneapolis , and Detroit have much more elaborate systems .
In particular , rather than relying on a single ring road , these cities have webs of freeway with multiple “ crosstown ” routes .
But Atlanta 's greatest road problem lies in the lack of arterial street capacity .
Atlanta 's suburban arterial network is mostly former winding country roads , many of which have never been upgraded to handle the traffic demands on them .
Most upgraded streets are radial routes , not crosstown ones , which forces even more traffic onto the overloaded freeway network .
For those who prefer transit , Atlanta has n't invested there either .
It built the MARTA heavy rail system as an extremely forward looking transportation investment , mostly in the 1970s and early 80s .
This was built before Portland 's system and is far better than light rail to boot .
But there has been almost no expansion of the network .
The state of public transport has been largely frozen for some time .
Meanwhile , Dallas , Houston , Phoenix , and others have invested billions .
Competition Is Here
Bad traffic congestion and other infrastructure ills did n't matter much when Atlanta was the only game in town .
For a long time , anyone who needed a presence in the Southeast found Atlanta the easy default answer .
In many cases it was the only real possibility .
That 's no longer true .
Atlanta is now surrounded by upstart , much faster growing cities such as Charlotte and Raleigh - Durham in North Carolina , Nashville , Tennessee and Charleston , South Carolina – all in many ways now have the ambitions once characteristic of Atlanta .
Atlanta 's problem lies in its insufficient differentiation from these other places .
Other than the airport , a clear major asset to Atlanta , what do you actually lose by moving to Charlotte or Nashville ?
Your commute is likely to be less .
Except for certain groups – African Americans or gays – the city seems to be losing allure .
These other cities also have the talent to compete for a lot of the business Atlanta used to pick up without working for it .
The new head of the Atlanta Regional Commission declared Atlanta 's love affair with the edge city high rises all but over .
Planners always talk like this , but it is still a startling sentiment to hear in Atlanta , formerly the most boosterish of cities .
That 's the sound of a city losing its mojo .
Meanwhile , Charlotte chamber of commerce chief Bob Morgan says , “ To understand Charlotte , you have to understand our ambition .
We have a serious chip on our shoulder .
We do n’t want to be No. 2 to anybody . ”
That 's the way Atlanta used to talk .
Caught in the Middle
Atlanta does seem to realize it's in a different competitive world .
It must elevate its game and upgrade its product .
Like Chicago and other growth stories before it , as Atlanta got big and rich , it decided it needed to get classier as well .
To go for quality , not just quantity .
And to embrace a more urban future for its core .
But it might be too little , too late .
Atlanta is urbanizing , but despite the huge influx of people into the city , it 's not there yet .
Atlantic Station got built and attracted lots of press , but numerous other mixed use projects were killed by the poor economy .
Ambitious projects like the Beltline park and transit project lack funding .
Atlanta is left as a sort of “ quarter way house ” caught between its traditional sprawling self and a more upscale urban metropolis .
It offers neither the low traffic quality of life of its upstart competition , nor the sophisticated urban living of a Chicago or Boston .
Here too , Dallas and Houston continue to power ahead of Atlanta .
Both are seeing significant urban infill and are also making major investments in cultural infrastructure that far outstrip those of Atlanta .
For example , Dallas just opened a showplace performing arts complex , with buildings by the likes of Norman Foster and Rem Koolhaas .
Houston has emerged as a dynamic multi-cultural city .
Both have a long way to go , but are in a much stronger growth position to pull it off .
Atlanta at Maturity
Cities , like companies , go through a life cycle .
There 's the youthful founding , the explosive growth phase , then maturity and , for some , decline .
Chicago and Detroit were two of the huge growth stories of the industrial era , for example .
Atlanta , Houston , and Dallas have been three of the boomtowns of the current age .
Like other cities before them , that growth will come to an end one day .
It is then that we 'll see if , like Chicago and New York , they will succeed as mature regions and truly take their place in the pantheon of great American cities , or , like Detroit or to a lesser extent Philadelphia , will decline or stagnate .
Atlanta is far from dead , but it may be facing the beginning of the end of its growth cycle .
If so , this will be the true test and measure of the greatness of that city .
Will Atlanta make the grade ?
And how ?
Aaron M. Renn is an independent writer on urban affairs based in the Midwest .
His writings appear at The Urbanophile .
Photo by james .
rintamaki
The race became too close to call after a 30 - second attack spot that showed Specter with three conservative icons : former President George W. Bush , former Sen. Rick Santorum ( R. , Pa. ) , and former GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin .
Footage followed of Specter saying , " My change in party will enable me to be reelected . "
The tagline : Specter switched to " save one job - his , not yours . "
Image caption
The skeletons date from the late first century AD to the 4th century AD
The skeletons date from the late first century AD to the 4th century AD In Pictures : ' Gladiator ' remains
The mystery of 1,800 - year - old remains unearthed in York may have been solved thanks to bite and hammer marks on their decapitated skulls .
Archaeologists have exhumed 80 skeletons from gardens at Driffield Terrace over the past decade .
The results of forensic work on the skeletons suggests they may be part of the world 's only well - preserved Roman gladiator cemetery .
Marks on the remains suggest some individuals died in a violent manner .
The research features in a Channel 4 documentary , Gladiators : Back from the Dead .
Hammer blows
Kurt Hunter - Mann , a field officer at York Archaeological Trust , said bite marks on one of the skeletons helped steer the team to their preliminary theory .
He said : " One of the most significant items of evidence is a large carnivore bite mark - probably inflicted by a lion , tiger or bear - an injury which must have been sustained in an arena context . "
Mr Hunter - Mann said other " important " pieces of evidence included healed and unhealed weapon injuries and possible hammer blows to the head .
Image caption Mr Hunter - Mann said the research work was continuing
He said nearly all the skeletons had features consistent with gladiators , as the majority were male , very robust and mostly above average height .
He also said the team found clues in the arms of the skeletons .
" The arm asymmetry would also be consistent with weapons training that had already started in teenage years , and we know from Roman accounts that some gladiators entered their profession at a very young age . "
The skeletons date from the late first century AD to the 4th century AD .
The researchers said all the individuals were buried with some respect and 14 of them were interred together with grave goods to accompany them to the next world .
Interred with one man were what appear to have been the remains of substantial joints of meat from at least four horses , possibly consumed at the funeral , plus some cow and pig remains .
He had been decapitated by several sword blows to the neck .
Mr Hunter - Mann said : " At present our lead theory is that many of these skeletons are those of Roman gladiators .
" So far there are a number of pieces of evidence which point towards that interpretation or are consistent with it .
" But the research is continuing and we must therefore keep an open mind . "
Gladiators : Back From
The Dead will be shown on Channel 4 on Monday , 14 June at 2100 BST .
In 2008 , Motor Trend Magazine did an article promoting the 40th anniversary edition Bullitt Mustang .
Because Dodge had also brought back the Charger , the article featured a promotional gimmick of photographing the 2008 Mustang and 2008 Charger simulating the famous chase scene with the writers breaking down the chase , moment by moment , to explain each car 's strengths and weaknesses .
See more
In the closing scene when Bullitt returns home he carrying a folded raincoat , the same coat he threw on the runway .
See more
Alternate Versions
During the car chase , when the Charger goes wide on a corner and hits a camera , the film was salvaged and red frames added at the end , to give a " point of impact " impression .
Despite this gag being in situ for decades , on the current Cinemax Asia print , someone has seen fit to completely remove these last frames of the shot .
See more
By Jon Kelly
BBC News Magazine
Six would - be astronauts will this week begin a 520 - day mock space voyage to simulate a mission to Mars .
How will they cope with the huge psychological pressures ?
Deep in outer space , millions of miles from civilisation , they say no - one can hear you scream .
The same may not be true of a warehouse in Moscow 's suburbs .
But here an audacious experiment is about to try to replicate the cramped , claustrophobic conditions of a voyage across the Solar System .
The crew will need to be mindful of group dynamics , experts say From 3 June , the Mars 500 project will send a " crew " of six on a simulated 520 - day round trip to the Red Planet and back .
The cosmonauts - three Russians , a Chinese , a Frenchman and an Italian - will live and work as interplanetary travellers , spending eight hours a day working on maintenance and scientific experiments , eight hours at leisure and eight hours sleeping .
Organisers at the European Space Agency and Russia 's Institute of Biomedical Problems hope that the project will offer an insight into how such a mission would function .
But above all , the most significant assessment they will make will be how it affects the subjects psychologically .
Any communication between the crew and mission control will be subject to 20 - minute delay to simulate the time it would take for signals to reach Earth .
Meanwhile , cameras will monitor them 24 hours a day .
With no access to telephones , internet or natural light , breathing only recycled air and showering once every 10 days , the men are certain to have both their individual mental states and group dynamics tested to the limits in the 550 - cubic - metre simulator .
PREPARING FOR TAKE - OFF Dr Pete Hodkinson , secretary of the UK Space Biomedicine Association :
The ultimate aim is to prepare for and support a successful mission to Mars , which will return with the whole crew in good , stable psychological and emotional health .
Looking to analogous situations , the isolation environments of Antarctic research bases and submariners suggest the top two psychiatric diagnoses are anxiety reactions and depression .
Preparations therefore need to include capacity to diagnose and manage these conditions as well as considering other rarer , but potentially more dangerous , psychiatric conditions such as an acute psychotic episode .
Through appropriate selection , training and in - flight support it is likely the majority of crew members in both Mars 500 and any real mission will cope with the array of psychological challenges they face without any undue effects on themselves , other crew or the mission .
The scenario is one that already has deep resonance in popular culture .
Stanley Kubrick 's 2001 : A Space Odyssey , Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris , Duncan Jones 's 2009 award - winning sci- fi film Moon and , of course , A Space Oddity , the breakthrough single by Jones 's father David Bowie , all use the device of space travel to explore themes of alienation and loneliness .
But if art offers an ominous foretelling of the experiment , the scientists running it are confident that real life will be different .
Patrik Sundblad , head of life science at the Esa 's European Space Research and Technology Centre , says each of the crew members have been subject to careful vetting to ensure that all are both psychologically robust and motivated enough to cope with their mission .
He also believes that the information it will generate will be of crucial importance not just to any future Mars voyage , but to the broader understanding of human psychology .
" The real value of this project is that we can obtain data that would be very difficult to obtain any other way , " he says .
" We can monitor them 24/7 - that 's very difficult to do in any other setting .
" We can learn a lot about group dynamics and work out how to counteract any changes if they are not positive . "
Few would doubt that the conditions will put the crew under enormous pressure - not least given that one of the Russians , Alexei Sitev , 38 , was married only four weeks before beginning the mock voyage .
And while Esa insisted that team spirit remained high during an earlier , 105 - day simulation , the length of the mission means that the cosmonauts will be metaphorically flying into uncharted territory .
The cosmonauts have all been carefully vetted , organisers say Prof Paddy O'Donnell , a social psychologist at Glasgow University , is intrigued by the experiment , having studied earlier research into the effects on individual and group psychology of space travel .
He says the most significant point may come around six to eight months into the mission when , studies of submariners and Antarctic research teams have suggested , any tensions are most likely to begin to flare .
The biggest dangers , he says , are boredom ; crew members forging emotional bonds , positive and negative , which undermine their professionalism ; and , worst of all , the group sub - dividing into social cliques .
The way to get round all this this , he says , is clear leadership , explicit divisions of labour and very strict routines .
" Routines and habits are very calming , " he adds .
" You do n't have to think all that much . "
Prof O'Donnell acknowledges that separation from loved ones will be a huge psychological challenge for the cosmonauts .
But he believes two factors will count in their favour .
One is that the crew members are scientists , who " tend to be relatively introverted and low on neuroticism - these are practical people and you 'd expect them to work together " .
Another is that they know they are on camera .
" When you 're visible , you 're more likely to follow the rules , " he adds .
What the six will not experience , however , is the impact of weightlessness or , indeed , the terror and euphoria that comes with real - life space travel .
The danger is that because you know you 're really in a hangar in Moscow , you start thinking : ' I ca n't be bothered '
Dr Maggie Aderin- Pocock
Space scientist " Astronauts usually experience a great deal of stress on take - off , " he says .
" But after a few days - once they 've gone round the Moon , as it were - they report an enhanced sense of individual well - being and morale .
" They also tend to report a transcendental experience that comes from being in space and looking down on the planet - obviously , this experiment can't allow for that . "
What is more , the fact that the mission is simulated is likely to have an effect of its own .
Dr Maggie Aderin- Pocock , a space scientist with the satellite manufacturer EADS Astrium and a strong advocate of a manned mission to Mars , believes that the experiment will be extremely valuable - but expects that the main difference between a real and simulated voyage will be the difficulty for the crew in maintaining motivation .
" I think the main challenge for them will be trying to maintain motivation for a long period of time , " she says .
" It 's far less likely this would be a problem if you really were going to Mars .
But the danger is that because you know you 're really in a hangar in Moscow , you start thinking : ' I can't be bothered ' . "
Nonetheless , the crew members will know that , if a mission to the Red Planet ever does take place , they will have played a significant part in it .
And that alone may be enough to get them through all 520 days .
Below is a selection of comments .
Make it like a shed , men would survive for years .
Bob Richardson , Brighton , UK
If humankind is to survive and thrive , then sooner or later - preferably sooner - we will have to adapt to life in space .
Whether you believe our current civilisation is 20,000 years old or two years old , unplanned change happens all the time and we have too many eggs in this one basket .
Brian Merritt , London , England
A far more realistic and practical experiment would be to send a real crew on a real mission for 520 days exploring below the oceans .
That would replicate more precisely the real life conditions for astronauts as well as providing useful scientific data .
Alan , Edinburgh Good luck to the crew , and everyone involved in the experiment .
I can't imagine the determination required ... but the value to any possible Mars mission must be immense .
I hope it works out well for the whole team .
Nic , London
The conditions in a real journey to Mars would be so different emotionally and physically that it is highly unlikely that the results of this " experiment " will be of any real value .
I predict the experiment being aborted prematurely and / or at least one of the crew ending up in a hospital or dead .
Savvas Socratous , Nicosia
If any of the group develop an unexpected serious physical condition during the experiment will it be dealt with as if they were in space or will they be allowed to leave to seek medical attention ?
Liz , Liverpool
The test subjects / scientists are truly devoting a large portion of their life helping to further our quest for interplanetary exploration , for which great respect from people like me is deserved .
Good luck to them and fingers crossed that we can function for 520 days without too many problems !
Mark , Kent , United Kingdom
This is bizarre .
The experiment will simply demonstrate the effects on the group dynamics of six individuals who are acutely aware that they 've signed up to live in a glorified Wendy house for 520 days .
Why not trick the volunteers into believing they really are travelling to Mars and back ?
John , Oxford , England
To the naysayers - of course it is n't a perfect simulation of a real trip , but surely this will be better than no trial run at all ?
Scott , Reigate , England
This would make a good reality TV show , if only they were English - speaking degenerates with a tremendous sense of entitlement .
Yonah , Canada
A study like this will be important , yet is there the political and economic will from the countries to send a man to Mars ?
As per science fiction , humans should have made significant advances in space travel by now .
However comparatively we have achieved very little .
Sadeepa , Colombo , Sri Lanka
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last week a letter was sent to UC faculty by librarians from the 10 UC campuses describing a 400 % increase in the cost of access to the 67 journals published by Nature Publishing Group ( including the prestigious research journal Nature ) .
The letter also described plans being set in motion by some prominent faculty to organize a boycott of NPG journals , in which faculty would no longer publish in or volunteer their time for any NPG journals until they backed off of their exorbitant demands .
As a long - term critic of the scientific publishing industry , I am all for anything that would strike back at publishers for their unconscionable business practices — of which this is only the latest example .
But if the goal is simply to reduce the size of the check UC cuts to NPG , the boycott will have missed an opportunity , and the point .
People unfamiliar with the world of scholarly publishing will ask an obvious question : why does a proposed 400 % price demand a boycott and not simply dismissive laughter ?
And in a rational universe , any company that showed up on the door of a university in the midst of a massive budget crisis demanding four times more money than they got last year would be quickly shown the door , and the university would take its business somewhere else .
Only one thing — short of outright insanity — can lead a company to think they can get away with this kind of behavior : a monopoly .
And it is the monopolistic , and grossly unfair and irrational , business model that NPG and most other scientific publishers employ that should be the real target of any organized action from UC faculty .
Since it may not be obvious to many readers how the publisher of only a few dozen of the thousands of scientific journals out there could have a monopoly , let me explain .
When scientists have a result they are ready to share with their colleagues , they prepare a manuscript for publication in a scientific journal .
In general they choose the most prestigious journal in their field that they think is likely to accept their work .
The article is reviewed by editors ( who are paid staff at a handful of journals , but volunteer scientists at most ) and goes through a process of peer - review ( by colleagues expert in the field who provide their services to the journal free of charge ) .
If the authors are lucky , the reviews are positive and the paper is accepted for publication ( if it is not , the authors begin the process anew at another journal ) .
At this point , for most journals , including those published by NPG a crucial thing happens — the authors sign over their copyright in their work to the journal .
The journals then use this exclusive right to distribute the work by selling subscriptions to scientists and , more frequently , to the universities and other institutions where they work .
The system may have had a certain logic in the bygone days when journals were distributed in print .
But it also creates a monopoly — as individual papers can only be obtained from the publisher who holds the copyright .
Unlike most commodities , scientific knowledge is not fungible .
If a publisher is demanding an unreasonable price for a journal , I ca n’t just go and get the same information from another source willing to offer me a better deal .
If I want to read a paper published in Nature , I have no choice but to pay whatever NPG wants .
And this is precisely the situation UC finds itself in again and again .
This time it ’s NPG , last time it was Elsevier , who knows who it wil be next time .
UC will always pay more than we should for access to these journals , because they have a monopoly on information that scientists at UC need and demand .
And , even if UC were somehow to drive a magic bargain and get every journal for free , there would still be myriad other institutions paying exorbitant prices , and countless interested scientists , teachers , students and members of the public denied access to the latest scientific and medical discoveries ( most of which were generated with their tax dollars ) because they can not afford to buy access .
What is so infuriating about this system , is that this is all completely unnecessary .
A far better alternative exists .
Under a model known as “ open access publishing ” , the expenses a journal incurs in overseeing editorial and peer review and in production of the final paper are recovered upfront in the form of a publication fee , with the article freely available to anyone from the moment it goes online ( since they are not charging for access , there is no need to restrict it ) .
Although still only publishing around 10 % of all articles , open access publishing is doing well .
The Public Library of Science ( PLoS ) — a non-profit open access publisher I helped to found almost a decade ago – is thriving , and a host of commercial and non-profit publishers have launched open access titles in recent years .
And Congress recently passed a law requiring that most taxpayer funded biomedical research be made freely available to the public ( albeit after a delay ) .
It ’s time for UC to follow suit .
Rather than haggling over prices , the faculty , students , staff and administration of all ten UC campuses should unite to end the business practices that empower NPG and other publishes to regularly attempt to extort money from our chronically cash - strapped library system .
It may appear that NPG is in a strong position — but they are , in fact , incredibly weak .
After all , their success is completely dependent on the goodwill of the scientists who send them papers ( for free ) and who carry out the inglorious grunt work of peer review ( again , for free ) .
As the boycott organizers correctly point out — it would be striking NPG where it counts if UC faculty were to cease making these voluntary contributions .
But the boycott should n’t stop when ( or if ) NPG backs off their pricing demands .
It should be expanded to include every publisher who restricts access to the articles they publish , and should continue until NPG and each and every one of them abandons a monopolistic business model that fails to serve the best interests of scientists , the scientific community and the public .
Hey stoners , if you 're in need of a bong or pipe , you 'd be wise to buy one while you can .
A bill passed Wednesday will make it illegal in Florida to sell the drug paraphernalia in most head shops .
The so - called " Bong Bill " passed by the Senate and then overwhelmingly passed 115 - 0 in the House now heads to Gov. Crist for final approval .
The bill prohibits the sale of the items by businesses that do n't make at least 75 percent of their money from tobacco sales or make over 25 percent from sale of the prohibited items .
Violators could face up to a year in jail .
The bill , sponsored by Rep. Darryl Rouson , of St. Petersburg , would go into effect July 1 .
“ I ’ve been fighting the pipe industry for the longest , because it is all a part of the drug trade and the criminal enterprise that we know exists and destroys neighborhoods , families and order in our society , ” Rouson said earlier this month .
The head shops are n't fooling Rouson when they say the pipes and bongs are used for legal tobacco .
“ When is the last time you stopped at a red light and saw someone smoking a hit of tobacco out of one of these one - shooters or water pipes ? ” said Rouson .
Last year , Rouson also proposed HB 187 , which calls for an extra sales tax on smoking paraphernalia , because he wanted to use the revenue for DARE ( Drug Abuse Resistance Education ) programs , that were being cut .
“ Florida has a conscience and an awareness that marijuana and the smoking and ingesting of it is not healthy for an individual , nor is it healthy for public safety and the order in society , ” Rouson said .
Looks like we wo n't be cracking this list anytime soon .
Welcome to BlowBangGirls.com !
Where groups of amateur guys give facials to girls !
1000s of facials !
Deep throat and sloppy gangbang bukkake !
300 + Videos and Thousands of Pictures .
While conquests and invasions form a major part of human history , it 's now clear that we are n't the only species that murders each other for land .
A short correspondence in Current Biology details the first conclusive evidence that chimpanzees can gain extra territory after killing members of a neighboring group .
The Ngogo group of chimpanzees in Uganda 's Kibale National Park has been watched for 10 years , and is larger than many other well - studied groups .
Beginning in 1999 , several members of the Ngogo group were repeatedly observed leaving their territory and embarking on " boundary patrols " in an area inhabited by another group of chimpanzees .
During these patrols , members remained quiet , traveled in a single file line , and refrained from foraging or socializing .
Between 1999 and 2008 , the Ngogo chimpanzees attacked and killed 13 chimpanzees ( four adult males and nine younger animals ) in the neighboring group 's territory during boundary patrols .
By 2009 , the Ngoro chimpanzees began to regularly feed , rest , and socialize in the northeastern area , where the patrols had previously taken place .
Meanwhile , the neighboring group of chimpanzees was no longer observed in the vicinity .
Over the next five months , the Ngoro chimpanzees spent 32.3 percent of their time in this newly - acquired area , using it exactly as they did the rest of their territory .
The range expansion increased the size of their territory by 22.3 percent .
Previously , two groups of chimpanzees in Tanzania have been suspected of similar conquests , but there was not enough evidence to identify a causal link between intergroup aggression and territory expansion .
The authors provide two hypotheses for this lethal behavior : the chimpanzees probably sought out new land either to procure more mates or to increase their food supply .
More evidence is required to tease out the particular forces that drive this type of range expansion .
The authors are careful to warn that these observations cannot be used to shed light on many forms of human human violence .
Human war is an incredibly complex phenomenon stemming from many sources , and may not have as strong an evolutionary basis as lethal aggression among other primates .
Current Biology , 2010 .
DOI : doi:10.1016/j.cub.2010.04.021 ( About DOIs ) .
The former UN weapons inspector Hans Blix and ex-MI5 director general Lady Manningham - Buller have been called before the Chilcot inquiry into the Iraq war .
Also among the 35 new witnesses to be questioned in July , made public in a list today , are the former deputy prime minister John Prescott , ex-defence secretary Bob Ainsworth and two previous heads of the army , General Sir Mike Jackson and General Sir Richard Dannatt .
The review , chaired by Sir John Chilcot , is investigating Britain 's role in the invasion of Iraq in 2003 and also its post - war involvement up until July 2009 .
The review broke up on 8 March for the election .
Since then , it has been analysing evidence it has received , including information concerning areas not covered in previous hearings , and has also visited France and the US , according to its website .
Hearings will resume on 29 June and continue to 30 July at the Queen Elizabeth II conference centre in Westminster .
Blix will be questioned in relation to his role as the first executive chairman of the UN Monitoring , Verification and Inspection Commission , from 2000 to 2003 .
Manningham - Buller will be called to give evidence in relation to her role as head of MI5 until her retirement in 2007 .
The new list of witnesses also includes the former UK ambassador to Iran , Sir Richard Dalton , former chief secretary to the Treasury Lord Boateng ; former minister for international development Sally Keeble and the former diplomat Carne Ross , who quit the Foreign Office in 2004 after serving as the Middle East specialist in the UK mission to the UN .
" The inquiry will add further , new ( mainly military and official ) witnesses to this initial list shortly , " its website said .
" It is likely that the inquiry will hold another round of public hearings in the autumn to cover new subjects , provide new evidence , or revisit issues with previous witnesses , if required . "
Chilcot aims to deliver his report at the end of 2010 .
Gordon Brown spent three and a half hours giving evidence in March .
His predecessor , Tony Blair , appeared before the inquiry in January .
The Department of Transportation subsidizes and regulates highways , airports , air traffic control , urban transit , passenger rail , and other activities .
However , taxpayers and consumers would be better off if transportation activities were privatized , which has been a global trend .
Opening up the financing and operation of infrastructure to the private sector would save money , spur innovation , and reduce congestion .
The department will spend $ 83 billion in 2019 , or about $ 650 for every U.S. household .
The department employs 56,000 workers .
China and Taiwan have signed a historic trade pact , seen as the most significant agreement since civil war split the two governments 60 years ago .
The Economic Co-operation Framework Agreement ( ECFA ) removes tariffs on hundreds of products .
It could boost bilateral trade that already totals $ 110 bn ( £ 73 bn ) a year .
Correspondents say that , economically , the deal favours Taiwan but that Beijing hopes for political gains in its long - standing unification campaign .
The deal is seen as the culmination of efforts by Taiwan 's President Ma Ying - jeou , elected two years ago with a vow to reduce tension with the mainland .
Service sectors
The deal was signed in the mainland city of Chongqing and was carried live on state television .
ANALYSIS
Taiwanese officials have described this new trade deal as one of the most important developments in six decades of often testy relations .
For the Chinese it's an opportunity to move beyond the threatening rhetoric used frequently against the previous Taiwanese administration which lost power two years ago .
Relations between Beijing and Taipei have improved markedly since then .
Some analysts regard the deal as an effort to bind Taiwan closer to China - to achieve by economic means what Beijing has long failed to do militarily .
But Taiwan 's government says the alternative to the deal was continued economic isolation .
And the island 's president has insisted the agreement wo n't lead Taiwan to drop its guard .
Taiwanese views on trade deal
Taiwan 's envoy Chiang Pin-kung said the agreement was " a critical moment in the development of long - term relations " .
His Beijing counterpart , Chen Yunlin , said the pact was an agreement of " equal consultation and mutual benefits " .
The pair exchanged gifts and joined in a toast at the ceremony .
The deal is seen as being most economically beneficial to export - reliant Taiwan .
At the moment $ 80bn in goods flows to China , and $ 30 bn to Taiwan .
Almost $ 14bn worth of Taiwanese goods exported to China will have their tariffs reduced or removed .
Taiwanese companies will also gain access to a number of mainland service sectors , including banking and insurance .
Chinese exports worth just under $ 3bn will see their tariffs lowered .
The BBC's Cindy Sui in Taipei says this is clearly a good economic deal for Taiwan but there remains genuine concern among many that the agreement will make Taiwan too economically dependent on China and therefore politically vulnerable .
[ We ] can give up our profits because Taiwanese compatriots are our brothers Wen Jiabao , Chinese Premier Historic deal divides Taiwan Read your comments
There have been some street protests in Taiwan against the deal but opinion polls suggest the majority on the island are in favour .
Taiwanese critics say the deal could leave the island 's economy open to a flood of cheap imports .
They also worry about China 's motives , arguing that Beijing is hoping to use it to win the political support of big business on the island for its own agenda .
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has previously said that his country " can give up our profits because Taiwanese compatriots are our brothers " .
For decades , relations between the two sides have been strained .
Taiwan and China have been governed separately since the end of a civil war in 1949 .
The site of the signing , Chongqing , has historical resonance .
Communist leader Mao Zedong and Nationalist President Chiang Kai - shek tried but failed to sign a truce there .
Chiang was forced to Taiwan in 1949 .
After Democrats secured the votes necessary to overhaul the American health care system , there was much talk of history — making it , watching it , being a part of it , answering its call .
But Washington 's true attitude toward history is that of a conqueror :
It 's not something to learn from ; it 's something to triumph over .
In that respect , the health reformers deserve congratulations .
Thanks to their dogged efforts , history has been thoroughly trounced .
Since the New Deal , American entitlements have consistently grown faster than projected in size , scope , and cost .
Like unwanted house guests , they cost money you do n't have , and they can't be kicked out .
Reform and repeal efforts are about as successful as kindergarten experiments with do - it - yourself haircuts .
The health care law 's very structure is a testament to this fact .
Much of it is funded with changes designed to eliminate waste in Medicare and Medicaid — changes that could have been used to reform those programs , both of which are unsustainable .
The only way these changes were politically viable , though , was if they were used to fund a new benefit .
Yet to hear the bill 's supporters explain it , ObamaCare constitutes a triumph of fiscal responsibility , lowering the deficit , extending the solvency of Medicare , and reining in the growth of health care costs .
Rep. Bart Stupak ( D - Mich . ) , a staunch pro-lifer who assured the bill 's passage by deciding to vote yes at the last minute despite misgivings about abortion funding , declared that the legislation would provide " health security and financial security " to Americans .
" This is a good bill for the American people , " he told MSNBC .
" We 're not adding to the deficit .
Indeed , the CBO [ Congressional Budget Office ] says the bill will actually reduce the deficit over time . "
This argument was crucial to the bill 's success .
In the preceding week , it became increasingly clear that several votes were contingent on the bill 's receiving certain scores from the CBO .
And when the scores — a $ 940 billion price tag for the first 10 years , $ 138 billion worth of deficit reduction in the first decade , and $ 1.2 trillion worth of reduction in the following 10 years — came through , many wavering Democrats hopped on board .
But health care votes bought with promises of fiscal responsibility might as well have been bought with suitcases full of Monopoly money .
A little more than 24 hours after releasing the bill 's preliminary score — the one that made headlines and attracted crucial votes — the CBO released another report , this one produced at the request of Rep. Paul Ryan ( R - Wis . ) .
Ryan asked about the " doc fix , " which would prevent doctors '
Medicare payments from being cut .
The doc fix is now expected to be enacted separately , at a cost of more than $ 200 billion over 10 years .
But if enacted along with the health care bill , the CBO estimated , the net effect would have been to enlarge the deficit by $ 59 billion during the first decade .
Defenders of the health care bill now argue that the doc fix is an unrelated issue .
But Democrats did n't always think so :
An early draft of the House health care bill , which was deemed too expensive , included the doc fix .
And Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) reportedly used the provision to ensure support from the American Medical Association .
Are we supposed to believe that it 's good enough to bargain with but not good enough to figure into the budget ?
Maybe the problem is something more elementary : Democrats just do n't know how to count .
Talking points released by House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer ( D - Md. ) in March claimed the bill both " IS FULLY PAID FOR " and " EXTENDS THE SOLVENCY OF MEDICARE . "
Contrary to such claims , the CBO 's letter to Ryan said Medicare cuts cannot be used both to pay for insurance subsidies and to improve the program 's fiscal outlook .
One or the other , perhaps , but not both .
Nor is that the only double count .
The CBO score for the Senate bill includes $ 72 billion in revenues generated by the CLASS Act , a federally backed disability insurance program .
But that $ 72 billion is premium revenue that will eventually be needed to pay benefits .
The score counts the revenue anyway , despite the fact that , according to the CBO , the government 's disability insurance obligations will probably add to the deficit in the long term .
Eventually , the deficit damage starts to add up .
According to the CBO , if you scrap a few of the bill 's more fanciful assumptions — cuts to Medicare payments , a slowing of the growth of insurance subsidies , implementation of the tax on " Cadillac " insurance plans ( which union lobbyists already have managed to delay by five years ) — the deficit will grow " in a broad range around one - quarter percent of GDP , " or about $ 600 billion , in the second decade .
Fiscally responsible !
Why does all this matter ?
It 's not just the cherry - picked numbers and the rhetorical deception ; it 's the country 's fiscal future .
Thanks to a spiraling deficit , the economy is chugging merrily toward a broken bridge over a rocky canyon — a fact that almost no one from either party is willing to do anything about .
America , according to the CBO , is on an " unsustainable " fiscal path , and Moody 's recently warned that the nation 's solid - gold credit rating may be at risk .
So it does n't matter how many times blinkered legislators repeat to themselves , " I think I can , I think I can . "
Nothing short of significant cutbacks to entitlement spending is going to transform the U.S. budget into the little engine that could .
Instead , politicians are paying for new entitlements by shifting money from unsustainable programs — money that should have been used to help get America 's fiscal house in order .
Democrats made history all right .
But only by sacrificing the future .
Peter Suderman ( peter.suderman@reason.com ) is an associate editor at reason .
Germany Reacts to Monday 's Raid ' Israel Has Fallen into the Radicals ' Trap '
Some of the Germans on board the aid ships attacked by Israel on Monday morning have now returned , but many others have yet to be released .
One of those released , a Left Party parliamentarian , has called Israel " barbaric . "
The German press is none - too - complimentary either .
In his memo to staff he said that the more they were consistent about the car 's name , the " more prominent and recognisable it is with the consumer " .
Football , eh .
There 's a lot of it about .
Some 2,036 games in the English football league each season .
Another 123 to take the FA Cup from the first round to its conclusion .
The League Cup , the Europa League , the Champions League , the Johnstone 's Paint Trophy , non-league , parks , schools , gardens .
England , Scotland ... er , all the other countries .
If the fact that we can't all have goalline technology is an acceptable reason for none of us to have it , we might as well stop the debate right here .
Fortunately ( for the remainder of this article , as well as the future of football ) it is n't .
Still , that has n't stopped Fifa from pretending that it might .
" The application of modern technologies can be very costly , " they said back in March , " and therefore not applicable on a global level .
Many matches are not even televised .
We have close to 900 preliminary matches for the World Cup , and the same rules need to be applied in all matches of the same competition .
The rules need to be the same for all association football matches worldwide . "
Well hold it right there , we seem to have got our wires crossed .
I do n't think anybody is talking about there being any different rules governing the game from one event to the next .
In my book , the rules suggest that if the ball hits the crossbar and bounces three feet over the goalline somebody has probably scored a goal .
I believe this rule is the same everywhere .
What we 're talking about is n't the application of different rules but the different application of the same rules , which is another matter entirely .
Indeed , Fifa seems to know this already .
For example , match officials at the World Cup get to chat to each other through fancy headsets , provided to help them get their decisions right .
They work in teams , all of them from the same country , to aid their communication and teamwork .
Did New Zealand 's Michael Hester and his assistants , Raimana Tauotaha from Tahiti and Jackson Namo from the Solomon Islands , chat to each other through fancy headsets when they took charge of American Samoa v Vanuatu in the qualifying stages of this very World Cup ?
I can't be sure , but I can hazard a pretty decent guess .
So what 's holding us back ?
Why is Fifa 's collective ability to see the glaringly obvious as useless as a Uruguayan linesman's ?
Stick a camera in the goal .
Put some chips in the ball .
Scatter a few more officials around the touchline .
However you want to do it , let 's get the big calls right at the big events .
But Fifa has another argument .
" The human aspect of football is essential to this sport , " Jonathan Ford of the Welsh FA said after he participated in Fifa 's decision in March .
" We were all agreed that technology should n't enter football because we want football to remain human , which is what makes it great , " added Patrick Nelson of the Irish FA .
Again , puzzling .
So now Fifa is prioritising the expression of humanity over all else .
But surely nothing in the game is so pure , so human , as a footballer 's reaction to scoring a goal – yet Fifa are happy to interfere with that .
For example , players are not allowed to remove their shirts , " in the interests of maintaining discipline and order on the field of play " .
In 2004 Carlos Tevez , then of Boca Juniors , was so joyful after scoring against River Plate that he pulled off his shirt and imitated a chicken .
He was sent off .
It 's hard to work out why Fifa is so set on an old - fashioned stance which continues to bring the game into disrepute .
Clearly at the very highest level – World Cup finals , the Champions League final , a handful of key events – everything must be done to prevent goals from being awarded or denied and matches from being decided in error .
How would we do it , without the game descending into chaos ?
My proposal : technology to be used to decide instantly when the ball crosses the goalline between the posts and under the bar , and all goals and straight red cards to be reviewed immediately by a TV official who can overturn any glaring errors made by the referee or his assistants .
Any decision close enough to require multiple replays should be left unchanged .
If a goal is disallowed play restarts with a goal kick .
That 's it .
No additional stoppages , no lack of humanity , no appeals , no problems .
That is , unless you have a better idea .
I 'm a designer & software engineer focused on crafting beautiful products for the web , Mac , iPhone & iPad .
Flyosity is my home for writing , speaking , consulting and product development .
Read More
Your app has too many settings , too many things to tweak .
API endpoints ?
Colors of the rainbow ?
100 different fonts and font sizes ?
Temperature in Kelvin ?
Switch the app to use Esperanto ?
Kill the settings , kill them all .
Your Vision Is Your Software
You 're the developer , build what you want .
Your app should be an expression of your opinions .
Jason Fried from 37signals shares this thought as well .
Here 's what he had to say in his first book Getting Real :
Some people argue software should be agnostic .
They say it 's arrogant for developers to limit features or ignore feature requests .
They say software should always be as flexible as possible .
We think that 's bullshit .
The best software has a vision .
The best software takes sides .
When someone uses software , they 're not just looking for features , they 're looking for an approach .
They 're looking for a vision .
Decide what your vision is and run with it .
And remember , if they do n't like your vision there are plenty of other visions out there for people .
Do n't go chasing people you 'll never make happy .
His company has made millions of dollars leaving out the fluff that others love to include .
They built their first application Basecamp to satisfy their own needs and left out the features they did n't think were important .
Jason considers his team software curators , continually trimming and editing features down to their essence .
They build opinionated software .
Trim The Fat
If there 's a choice between setting a value to A or B , and you always choose A , why not just make A the main , unsettable , unchangeable choice ?
If you think A is the best decision , why even let people choose B? Well , in App Store land , people like to whine about B .
They 'll post 1 - star reviews asking when B will exist and say that they 'll bump it up to a 5 - star review when B is implemented .
Others will see that review and ask about C , or D , because they think those are equally important .
This is all bullshit .
You 're the developer .
Everything is up to you .
Apple does n't listen to users and they 're the most successful technology company in the world .
They have a fearless leader who 's not afraid to piss people off by removing floppy drives or buttons on a mouse .
He 's not afraid to scrap successful , acclaimed products and start over from the ground up .
He builds what he wants because he knows he 's building great stuff .
That 's what you should do , too .
Recently , Iconfactory announced that they 're rewriting and rethinking their flagship Twitter application , Twitterrific :
The previous design ended up being overwhelming for normal users ( and even some experienced ones ) and became very confusing for people with multiple accounts since it was unclear which account was performing a search or looking at trending topics .
There were also three different areas to set preferences and many of the options in the preferences were unnecessary and confusing to most users so they were avoided or left to defaults anyhow .
So we took a leap and removed the preferences completely , only adding them back in when we found something that absolutely needed it .
Here 's a comparison screenshot between the old Settings options and the new , completely slimmed - down version .
They gutted their Settings ; they 're nearly gone .
This takes a lot of guts and you can only do this if you really know what kind of software you want to build .
You 've gotta have the big picture in your head and you have to know where you wo n't compromise .
Inevitably some power users may be upset but the Iconfactory is looking at the overall user experience and that matters more than what some tech bloggers think .
Power Users Don't Matter , Build For The Masses
Feature lists and pages of settings get a small segment of power users excited , not regular users .
Regular users want elegant , smart software that just works right without having to fiddle with any additional settings .
A perfect example is multitasking in Android vs. iOS 4.0 .
Apple waited to introduce multitasking because they did n't want to build a system where background apps drain the battery .
Compare this to Android : just a few weeks ago Larry Page said that some background apps will drain your battery if you let them .
Multitasking in Android was built solely for power users who are expected to force - quit apps and manage their phone 's radios in order to maximize battery life .
( Here are 20 tips to improve an HTC Evo 's battery life . )
Jobs made the call to build multitasking the way he saw fit , not the way the tinkerers and phone hackers wanted .
Do n't compromise your vision , do n't compromise your opinion .
If you think 12 px font looks best in an interface , do n't allow people to move it to 10 px .
If you could never picture yourself changing a setting to anything else but A , do n't even give the option to change it to B .
Just do n't do it .
Build software for you .
There are many , many people out there just like you who will appreciate it .
Build what you want .
Video :
Hear the sound of the little bang
The hottest material ever created in the laboratory makes an eerie drone .
A similar sound may have pervaded the universe just after the big bang , when space was a seething cauldron of matter .
The lab - made material was created at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider in Upton , New York .
The particle smasher slams gold ions together , breaking the atoms and their constituent protons and neutrons into even smaller bits called quarks and gluons .
The resulting fireball – called a quark - gluon plasma – is trillions of degrees and mimics conditions when the universe was a millionth of a second old .
As the fireball created in this “ little bang ” cools , the individual quarks and gluons combine into a zoo of larger particles .
Physicist Ágnes Mócsy of the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn , New York , and colleagues have calculated what this fireball of quarks and gluons would sound like to an observer embedded within it .
Advertisement
Expanding fireball
By analysing measurements made using roughly 3 million collisions , the team determined the general lumpiness of the fireballs – how closely spaced their particles were .
Fluctuations in density correspond to sound waves .
So the researchers studied how the distribution of particles evolved in time to see how the sound changed .
They then had to multiply the wavelengths of the sound by roughly 10 billion billion to be audible to the human ear .
In the resulting soundtrack , lower tones become more and more prominent as the fireball expands and the speed of sound changes due to the resulting drop in the fireball ’s density .
About halfway through , a wiggle in the tone signals the point at which quarks and gluons recombine to form particles from protons to pions .
Watch a longer video narrated by the researchers here .
How Superstitions Improve Performance
Experiments reveal that simple superstitions like lucky charms can improve motor and cognitive performance .
Professional athletes are particularly prone to superstitions , perhaps because so much rides on split - second timing , or what seems like luck .
Two dominant US sportsmen with superstitious behaviour are golfer Tiger Woods who always wears a red shirt on Tournament Sundays and basketball player Michael Jordan who wore the same blue underwear throughout his career .
We tend to think of this behaviour as irrational , despite feeling the pull of superstition ourselves ( see : why rational people hate to tempt fate ) .
New research published in Psychological Science , however , asks whether these superstitions are irrational if they work .
Damisch et al. ( 2010 ) wanted to see if simple superstitions like crossing your fingers or using a lucky charm improved performance on both motor and mental tasks .
The answer was a rather surprising yes .
In the first experiment , 28 participants made , on average , 33 % more 1 m putts when handed a ball branded ‘ lucky ’ by experimenters ( 6.4 compared with 4.6 without ) .
In two further experiments the effect of participant ’s lucky charms on both memory and puzzle - solving was tested .
Once again participants performed better in the presence of their lucky charms .
Confidence boost
To see why these superstitions improved performance , the researchers measured their self - efficacy ( roughly equivalent to self - confidence ) and goal - setting .
This suggested that ,
“ The increased levels of self - efficacy that result from activating a superstition lead to higher self - set goals and greater persistence in the performance task . ”
In other words , the lucky charms appeared to be giving people the confidence to aim higher and keep trying .
The belief , however tenuous , that there may be something to a particular superstition could help release nervous tension .
This may be because superstitions allow us the illusion of control in what is a scary , random world .
Perhaps that ’s why superstitious behaviours to bring good luck are so common : they can sometimes work .
Image credit : billaday
Something has gone badly wrong in ties between Israel and Turkey
By Jonathan Head
BBC News , Istanbul
Less than three years ago Shimon Peres addressed the Turkish Grand National Assembly - Turkey 's parliament - in Ankara .
It was the first time an Israeli president had addressed legislators in a Muslim country , a gesture which spoke volumes about the extraordinary relationship between Israel and Turkey , a relationship dating back to the early Turkish recognition of the Jewish state in 1949 .
Uniquely among Muslim countries in the region , Turkey has strong trading ties with Israel .
The Turkish military buys weapons from Israel and trains with its armed forces , and in 2008 Turkey played host to more than half a million Israeli tourists , making it their favourite overseas holiday destination .
What has gone wrong ?
Over the past 18 months the two countries have lurched from one diplomatic crisis to another , culminating in the furious Turkish response to Israel 's raid on the convoy of ships trying to reach Gaza .
Israel can never be our friend - it's our greatest enemy
Bunyamin
Istanbul protester
Israel faces flotilla raid fallout
Where next for Israel ?
All military co-operation has been frozen , and Israeli tourists are cancelling planned trips to Turkey .
And now thousands of Turks have furiously besieged the Israeli consulate in Istanbul with choruses of " Allahu Akbar " , and carrying posters with venomous messages of hatred toward Israel .
" We should cancel all our agreements , " a young man called Bunyamin told me .
" Israel can never be our friend - it's our greatest enemy . "
Events in Israel and the Palestinian territories are part of the explanation .
Sense of betrayal
The Israeli operation against Gaza at the end of 2008 provoked widespread anger around the world , but the reaction from Turkey was stronger than most .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan famously stormed off the stage at the World Economic Forum in Davos , accusing an astonished President Peres , who had been sharing the platform with him , of " knowing well how to kill " .
It turned Mr Erdogan into an instant hero in many Arab cities , but also back home in Turkey .
Lashing out at Israeli injustice looked like a vote - winner .
As it happens , Mr Erdogan 's outburst was partly driven by a sense of personal betrayal , say Turkish officials .
For weeks before the Gaza operation he had been patiently mediating between Israel and Syria , even at one point sending out an aide to buy a cigar at the request of the Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , despite being a passionate anti-smoker .
He felt he was earning the trust of both countries .
But when Israeli forces launched Operation Cast Lead , Turkey got no advance warning , and Mr Erdogan felt badly let down .
The Gaza flotilla raid has sparked fury in Turkey
The bigger picture , though , is the change in Turkish society , a change which has been going on for decades .
After the declaration of the Turkish republic by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk in 1923 , displays of Islamic piety were strongly discouraged as inimical to Ataturk 's modernising mission .
Turkey 's secular state institutions , including the powerful military , have long had the upper hand .
But in recent years devout Muslims have felt a lot more comfortable showing their piety , most visibly in their clothing , like women 's headscarves , and organising themselves with like - minded Muslims .
They have become a powerful constituency - around half the population considers itself devoutly religious .
They have helped win Mr Erdogan 's Justice and Development Party a record two majorities in parliament .
And he considers himself one of them ; a man who openly admits he feels far more comfortable mixing with Muslims than non-Muslims .
There have been protests around the world over the Gaza flotilla raid The Turkish charity IHH , which led the latest attempt to break the blockade of Gaza , has thrived on these changes in Turkish society .
Founded in the 1990s , it involved itself in the big Islamic causes of the day , like assisting Muslims caught in the conflicts in Bosnia and Chechnya .
At times its activities aroused the suspicion of the Turkish authorities , and it has been accused by Israel of openly supporting militant Islamic movements such as Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood .
But its energetic championing of the Palestinian cause , in particular the plight of people in Gaza , has struck a chord with many Turks .
A large crowd gathered beside the Bosphorus to see off the Mavi Marmara , the ship the IHH chartered to lead the convoy to Gaza , and it was widely covered by the Turkish media .
So when news of the violent confrontation with Israeli forces on board the ship came - a confrontation filmed by Turkish journalists - the shock was widely felt here .
The Turkish government gave no official support to the convoy , but made it clear it backed the IHH mission .
Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said he had been trying through diplomatic pressure to get the convoy through to Gaza .
Many
Turks believe the IHH gets plenty of unofficial support from sympathisers within the governing party .
The result is that Turkey finds itself embroiled in the most serious diplomatic rift with Israel in their shared history , with Turkish citizens believed to make up most of the dead and injured .
It is the dramatic culmination of a steady downgrading of relations with Israel , as Turkey has sought warmer ties with its once estranged neighbours , Syria , Iraq and Iran .
But it is also the culmination of changing attitudes in Turkish society , a large part of which is now more overtly Islamic in its identity and its view of the world than at any time in the country 's 87 - year history .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Function : adjective
Etymology : Latin fiduciarius , from fiducia confidence , trust , from fidere
Date : circa 1641 : of , relating to , or involving a confidence or trust : as a : held or founded in trust or confidence b : holding in trust c : depending on public confidence for value or currency
If you enjoy keeping up with the happenings of congress , you probably know this little 9 letter word has been the source of contentious debate for years now .
Should anyone who delivers financial advice to you be required to put your best interest first ?
Excuse me ?!?
Should that even be up for debate ?
Well , unfortunately for the consumer , it is .
Some members in the industry want the standard to be “ suitability ” while the others demand “ fiduciary ” .
Consider this example , courtesy Liz Pulliam Weston :
An individual has $ 10,000 to save for retirement .
What does he do ?
One financial professional , a fee - only planner , he sees advises to invest in a low - cost index fund .
They remain invested for the next 30 years earning 8 % annually .
This person will have accumulated over $ 1.1 million for retirement at the end of this period .
The next professional they see , a fee - based advisor , recommends a similar product , but it has higher fees to the investor , pays a nice commission to the advisor and is promoted by the financial services firm of the advisor .
The annual net return of this product is 6 % once the higher fees are accounted for .
At the end of the 30 year period , this account is work a little over $ 800,000 .
A $ 300,000 difference .
Were both professionals doing the right thing for the client ?
According to the standards they are upheld to , yes .
The product offering the higher fees and commission may easily have been “ suitable ” for the investor and his retirement goal .
It was geared for long - term growth , not too risky , etc .
It ’s just the planner held to a fiduciary standard is bound by a legal obligation to do what is right for the client , even when it may be at odds with his own self - interest .
As you can see , not all advisors / planners are created equal .
Take this brief true / false quiz and see how you do at knowing the details behind the scenes .
Last month , DC announced a collaboration with TASCHEN Books : a massive history of DC Comics , written by Paul Levitz with tons of artwork from DC ’s 75 - year history .
At the time , I asked , “ How soon can I pre-order this ? ”
Well , now I can …for the low , low price of $ 126 , marked down from $ 200 . *
Yow !
That may be a little out of my budget .
Admittedly , it ’s a 650 + page hardcover full of glossy color printing that weighs in at 15 pounds ( 6.8kg ) .
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows weighs less than three pounds , and even the slipcase edition of Comic Book Tattoo “ only ” weighs eight .
Still , when the price gets into triple digits , I start thinking seriously about what else I could buy with that money instead .
Two other items are on the listing that I do n’t recall seeing when I looked last month : a cover and a release date .
I do n’t know if the cover is final or preliminary .
It ’s on Amazon ’s schedule for November 1 , 2010 , making this a likely Christmas gift for historically - inclined DC fans .
Amazon : 75 Years of DC Comics : The Art of Modern Mythmaking
* This tracks with the £ 135 that Acrobatic Flea spotted on Amazon UK a few weeks ago .
So much for it being a placeholder price .
Share
How hardcore was Houdini ’s career ?
Amongst the awesomeness , we tend to forget that he also might have been the first person to fly a plane in Australia .
Now a novel has been written around that event , and apparently it ’s pretty good .
A century ago , in March 1910 , at Diggers Rest in Victoria , the illusionist and escapologist Harry Houdini was perhaps the first person to fly a plane in Australia .
This diversion from his national tour is of central importance to the homage to the exploits and legends of Houdini that is offered by characters in Angelo Loukakis ’s latest novel , Houdini ’s Flight .
Its moral comes as a subtitle : “ Sometimes you need to disappear to find yourself . ”
Pretty sweet .
Posted by Editor on Friday , June 18th , 2010 at 1:04 pm .
The City still backs the operational abilities of Mr Hayward - a man who turned the company around and cut $ 4bn of costs last year alone .
But many question whether he will be able to cling on at the top in the long term , after he was blamed for a series of gaffes that harmed the company 's reputation in the States .
Claude “ Butch ” Jones ’ last request before his execution just before Christmas 10 years ago was an emotional telephone call to his son in Houston who had never known his father until they were reunited on death row .
The son , Duane Jones , now 49 , remembers pointedly asking his father whether he had robbed and murdered the liquor store owner in San Jacinto County .
“ I told him he had nothing to lose by telling the truth now , ” Duane Jones said .
“ But my father continued to remain adamant that he did n’t do it . ”
While the younger Jones , an associate engineer , thought his father was being truthful , he could never be certain — but now that may change .
Visiting Judge Paul C. Murphy this week ordered testing of a strand of hair from Claude Jones ’ case that death penalty opponents believe might provide the first DNA proof that an innocent man was executed .
Murphy issued a summary judgment in favor of the New York - based Innocence Project and The Texas Observer , an Austin newsmagazine , which three years ago petitioned to do mitochondrial DNA testing on a hair fragment recovered from the counter of Zell ’s liquor store in Point Blank , about 65 miles north of Houston .
San Jacinto District Attorney Bill Burnett , who had assisted in the prosecution and died this month from pancreatic cancer , blocked the hair ’s release .
He argued state law provided no legal avenue for him to relinquish the 1 - inch strand after Claude Jones ’ death .
Neither Burnett ’s attorney , David Walker , nor the first assistant , Jonathan Petix , who has temporarily replaced Burnett , could be reached for comment on whether they will appeal .
Meanwhile , the younger Jones remains guardedly optimistic .
“ It would mean a lot to me to know the truth , but it is really more important or paramount that the justice system know the truth , ” he said .
“ If our state is going to be the execution capital of the free world , then it needs to be above reproach . ”
In 2000 , Claude Jones was the 40th and last person executed in Texas that year , which set a national record .
Duane Jones ’ does not see himself as a so - called bleeding - heart liberal opposed to the death penalty , as his own family knows what it ’s like to be a crime victim .
He survived a bullet to the back of his head during a robbery in 1986 , and his wife was the target of a home invasion just two months ago .
When a deputy sheriff located him and told him his father , a career criminal he thought was dead , was alive on death row and wanted to see him , he felt conflicted but decided to see his father .
Duane Jones visited him a half dozen times before the execution , during which he exchanged commissary money for his father ’s ink drawings depicting his Indian heritage .
During the visits , his father admitted to a sordid past as an alcoholic and drug user .
From age 19 until his execution at age 60 , he ’d spent most of his life behind bars .
He had a previous murder conviction , in which he poured gasoline on an inmate and then set him on fire .
But he persistently denied killing the liquor store owner , Allen Hilzendager , who was shot once in the back and then twice more when he turned around .
Similar characteristics
The hair fragment , left in the evidence room since his 1989 trial , was the only physical evidence connecting Claude Jones to the crime scene .
A Texas Department of Public Safety expert could testify then only that a cursory microscope examination indicated the strand “ matched ” the suspect ’s hair .
The expert could not exclude many others whose hair could have the same characteristics .
The DNA testing being proposed now had not been developed before the trial .
Barry Scheck , Innocence Project ’s co-director , said the DNA testing could do one of three things :
• It could prove Claude Jones guilt if he ’s a match , similar to the post - execution DNA testing done on the 1981 rape - murder case involving the Virginia coal miner Roger Coleman .
• It could exonerate him if the hair matches his co-defendant , Kerry Dixon Jr. , who was supposed to have remained in the get - away truck while the elder Jones entered the liquor store .
• If the hair matches neither of them , then the state did not have sufficient evidence to prove Claude Jones ’ guilt , Scheck said .
A key witness during the trial , Timothy Jordan , has recently recanted his testimony that Claude Jones had confessed being the triggerman to him .
Jordan now says Dixon told him that Claude Jones did it .
Dixon , who has made no police statements , is currently serving a life sentence for his part .
Test called propaganda
But Walker has contended DNA testing cannot provide conclusive proof of Claude Jones ’ innocence , only propaganda for those opposing the death penalty .
He notes two other witnesses described seeing a pot-bellied , middle - aged man wearing clothing like Claude Jones ’ enter the store , although neither could positively identify him .
Petix has also said releasing the hair could open a “ floodgate ” of requests for things such as O.J. Simpson ’s gloves .
They contended state law only allows a defendant to request DNA testing .
Their opponents , however , believe the court saw “ grim irony ” in the fact that Claude Jones ’ execution prevents him from making the request .
cindy.horswell@chron.com
A magnitude - 5.9 earthquake has hit off the northern coast of the Philippines , the United States Geological Survey said .
The strong quake , initially reported as a magnitude 6.1 , struck today at 3:58 am local time .
Its epicentre was in Luzon , 42 kilometres north - east of Laoag , at a depth of 42.5 kilometres below the seabed .
A magnitude - 5.9 quake is capable of causing considerable damage , but there are no reports of damage so far .
- Reuters
Here is the first ever set pic from AMC's Walking Dead series .
Plus go inside Frank Darabont 's zombie school .
Just slapping on some terrifying makeup will not cut it .
All zombie extras must attend a rigorous zombie - schooling process .
Advertisement
This is why we 're over - the - moon excited about this series :
Because they are taking it seriously .
Walking Dead is n't just your run -of - the - mill zombie epic .
It 's a soul - crushing , heart racing apocalypse that grabs the audience by the ears and forces viewers to stare into the dark black mouth of the undead .
We cannot wait for October .
Frank Darabont may direct just one episode of the upcoming series The Walking Dead .
However , according to Dread Central , the Golden Globe nominee will continue in his role as writer and executive producer after the pilot and will " be keeping a watchful eye on set " in Atlanta , Georgia .
Daramont is also reportedly considering returning to the director 's chair if the zombie drama is commissioned for a second season .
The directors for the remaining five episodes of the show 's first season , which will star Andrew Lincoln and former Prison Break actress Sarah Wayne Callies , have yet to be announced .
The Walking Dead will air on AMC from October .
FX recently bought the rights to air the show in the UK .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
That said , it remains head and shoulders above its OLED contemporaries , and when taken to more hospitable environments , the Galaxy S ' screen really shows off some terrific color and vibrancy .
Our opinion has n't changed at all here : this is one of the finest displays you can hope to lay eyes on .
And it 's set to remain an exclusive feather in Samsung 's cap for the next eighteen months , we 're told .
We knew the company would be holding on to its latest and greatest for its own handsets but this is a mighty protracted exclusivity term , which we 're guessing is motivated either by Samsung looking to push its own brand more or by severely limited production quantities -- probably the latter .
The positive impression made by the screen is hardly done any harm by Samsung 's inclusion of the new Hummingbird application processor inside , which pushes Android 's home screens around with frightening ease .
Pinch - to - zoom is also ridiculously smooth -- as fluid in its motion as a well warmed - up Bruce Lee , the Hummingbird just owns this gesture - based input that tends to trip up a lot of mobile devices .
Whether you 're zooming in and out of pictures or a web page , this is the one area where we truly felt like we were tapping into the full potency of the processor inside .
Hell , you might even turn this around on Samsung and contend that the company has failed to fully harness such a workhorse .
But then you 'd be wrong .
720 p video recording at a cool 30 fps is on offer , along with a 5 megapixel imager on the back and a 1.3 megapixel one on the front .
Both picture and video processing were done rapidly -- we almost got the feeling the UI was slowing us down more than the hardware , which is impressive however you wanna slice it .
On the software front , you 've got Touch Wiz 3.0 overlaid atop Android , though if you 're keen on sticking to the stock Google - flavored Eclair , the good news is that Samsung 's modifications do n't really get in your way .
Aside from the Social Hub -- which aggregates Facebook , Twitter , Flickr , and other social networks into one stream , in a similar vein to what almost everyone else is doing lately -- they 're mostly in - app changes and skinning tweaks that should n't have a negative impact on the user experience .
In fact , we were quite taken with the Galaxy S ' handling of contacts .
Swiping right on a contact 's name automatically dials his phone number , whereas swiping left initiates a text message with him as the addressee .
It 's smooth , it 's clever , and it 's quite fun to use .
Qik video chat and Swype come as preloaded apps on this handset , with one offering a way to utilize all that multimedia prowess and the other letting people try out an alternative input method .
Just neat little extras that we appreciate seeing for a device that aims to be widely accessible .
On the topic of input , we 'd also say Samsung 's layout of the soft keyboard is a sensible one -- this particular writer found it more intuitive than the default Android implementation .
255 SHARES Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Pinterest Reddit Print Mail Flipboard
Advertisements
Yesterday Rush Limbaugh went on the attack against hungry children on his radio show .
Limbaugh criticized the school lunch program , and he suggested that if kids have no food at home and ca n’t afford McDonalds , they should dumpster dive , “ There ’s another place if none of these options work to find food ; there ’s always the neighborhood dumpster . ”
Apparently to Limbaugh , nothing is funnier than child poverty via Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ This , of course , takes into no account that the parents , I guess , just can sit around and let their kids starve .
Why if the kids do n’t do it , they ’re gonna starve — if the schools do n’t do it , the kids are going to starve … .
God , this is just — we ca n’t escape these people .
We just ca n’t escape them .
They live in the utter deniability of basic human nature .
They actually have it in their heads somehow that parents are so rotten that they will let their kids go hungry and starve , unless the schools take care of it …
You know , one of the benefits of school being out , in addition to your kids losing weight because they ’re starving to death out there because there ’s no school meal being provided , one of the benefits of school being out , college campi being vacant this time of year , is that our audience levels go up . ”
Limbaugh suggested that kids look in their refrigerator for food , or barring that kids should , “ Try a Happy Meal at McDonald’s .
You know where McDonald ’s is .
There ’s the Dollar Menu at McDonald ’s and if they do n’t have Chicken McNuggets , dial 911 and ask for Obama . ”
If this does n’t work , Limbaugh laid out another option for poor children , “ There ’s another place if none of these options work to find food ; there ’s always the neighborhood dumpster .
Now , you might find competition with homeless people there , but there are videos that have been produced to show you how to healthfully dine and how to dumpster dive and survive until school kicks back up in August . ”
In the United States , 12.9 million children live in poverty .
It is estimated that 16 million children wo n’t have enough food to eat this summer .
For these kids , the school lunch program is a vital , and in some cases their only daily meal .
The fact that kids go to bed hungry in America every night is not a topic for humor .
It is a national disgrace .
Only someone as rich and out of touch as Limbaugh would find starving kids to be funny .
It is emblematic of Limbaugh ’s detachment that he thinks these children can just go to the kitchen or to McDonalds for food .
Limbaugh claims to speak for the common man , but he has no idea how much regular people are struggling , especially during this recession which was kicked into gear by the economic policies of George W. Bush that Limbaugh cheered on .
Rush Limbaugh has no clue what it is struggle .
The man is simply ranting from his insular bubble of wealth .
The next time Limbaugh claims to speak for the common man , ask how many regular folks live in a house like this ?
Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama gave up on a bedrock campaign pledge and accepted a longstanding U.S. proposal for positioning American troops in Japan , backing down from a battle with Washington as the two nations grapple with North Korea 's aggression and China 's rising power in the region .
The move hands the Obama administration an important foreign - policy victory , allowing Washington to avoid what , for a time , appeared to be an unwelcome need to rearrange its regional defense strategy in North Asia while fighting two wars ...
Fullview for optimum details !
( Sorry it 's big ! )
Whew !
This has been a crazy ride and I 'm happy it 's finished !
This was a commission for a friend of mine in Flagstaff who wanted a cute cthulhu mlp custom to give to a friend of his .
Features wings , tentacles with suckers on the face and tail , cheek fins , and a sail going down the spine .
Sculpted in apoxie over wire armature , painted with metallic greens , gold , and some blue on the feet , and covered with extra-creepy glossy sculpey glaze for a very wet look .
Definitely my most complex pony to date , and I think it came out pretty fabulous !
On a deadline , no less !
I like the red background .
It really brings out the gold .
One day a giant went to play in the Namibian desert .
He made a toytown village out of bits of things he found lying around ; the husks of scorpion shells , desiccated bones , sand - sifted diamonds , and brightly colored plaster .
He lined up his toytown houses in neat little rows , serviced them with a tinker rail - line , then sat back and sighed in contentment .
The next day he walked away and left the toytown to the sands .
Kolmanskop is a ghost town in the deserts of Namibia , built by the DeBeers mining company in 1908 , abandoned in 1956 after diamond prices crashed .
The town is named after a transport driver named Jonny Coleman ( Kolman ) who took shelter from a sandstorm on a hill ( Skop ) in the vicinity .
Kolmanskop toytown , drifting into the dunes .
DeBeers is a Dutch company , and they built their miners` town in a traditional Dutch style , incorporating all the infrastructure of a `modern` town into their theme parkish oasis - mirage ; a hospital , casino , ballroom , skittle - alley , the first x-ray station in the southern hemisphere , and so on .
When they left the place behind , the sands rolled in , pushing open the doors and promulgating , desertifying rooms and inching their way up the walls .
Over 54 years of abandonment , many houses have been crumpled from the top down , their living rooms opened to the sky .
Now it is a popular tourist destination , with the Nam - Deb ( Namibia - DeBeers ) company running jeep tours .
Disneyland Dutch style .
House made of Lego bricks .
Encroached .
Bathtubs are the boats of the desert ocean .
Railway to the underworld .
Sand percolates .
Rooms once filled with miners ’ families now abound with sand .
I first thought this photo was a surrealist painting .
But it ’s real .
A slatted roof stripped of shingles by sandstorms paints stripes over the sand .
HDR .
Gorgeous dawn - time capture .
On the inside looking out .
Skittle alley .
Coleman ’s Hill .
In high school I learned about desertification , the process by which good arable lands become turned to dead wastes of sand .
It fascinated me at the time , and I set my first novel `Jethro`s Fall` in a single remaining walled city beset on all sides by a spreading desert .
In one climactic scene Jethro stands atop the wall and watches as the city`s immense fans push back the steady advance of the sands .
Underneath the encroaching dunes he sees the remnants of streets and buildings , ground under the weight of the sand .
He begins to understand in that moment , that soon their city too will be gone .
They can`t push back the sands forever .
The book isn`t yet published , but I`m reworking it and hopeful for its future .
Image Sources– Linked by Image .
Text Sources - Namibia Travel , Wikipedia
See more world ruins in the ruins gallery .
See my collection of Japanese ruins ( haikyo ) in the galleries :
[ album id=4 template=compact ]
Apple 's iPhone 4 pre-ordering has been a total disaster , but it gets much worse :
An AT&T insider claims that this iPhonecalypse may be related to " a major fraud update that went wrong . "
The bug is exposing AT&T users ' private information .
Advertisement
So far there have been at least three accounted cases of mistaken identities sent by Gizmodo.com readers — numerous readers are sending their cases in .
See below .
Advertisement
This is how it happens : A customer tries to log into their AT&T account to order a new iPhone 4 upgrade .
Despite entering their username and password , the AT&T system would take them to another user account .
This gives access to all kinds of private information about the mistaken customer : Addresses , phone calls , and bills , along with the rest of private information , becomes exposed to random ( in a note sent to Gizmodo , AT&T claims that they " have been unable to replicate the issue , but the information displayed did not include call - detail records , social security numbers , or credit card information . " )
The latest case comes from reader John King :
From : john king
Date : Tue , Jun 15 , 2010 at 2:04 PM
Subject : ATT WEBSITE LOGS ME IN AS ANOTHER CUSTOMER
To : tips@gizmodo.com I LOGGED IN AS ME AND IT BROUGHT UP A MARY ????
BIG PROBLEM
-JPK
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But according to an AT&T insider , there could be a lot more happening which are not being reported .
These login problems , according to the source , are probably linked to an AT server software update that went wrong this weekend [ Emphasis added ] :
I work at a 3rd party order processing facility — what AT&T refers to as a 3CC .
We process business - to - business , business - to - customer Wireline Indirect , and ACME / PAC ( what AT&T calls their iPhone program internally ) .
Agents use AT&T programs called Phoenix , Telegence , Compass , Ordertrack and myCSP to process orders .
Over the weekend there was a major fraud update that went down on all of AT&T 's systems , from Saturday overnight to Sunday early morning .
All systems were down and agents were unable to use any systems .
The issues people are seeing at AT&T stores and online are most likely related to this update that went wrong .
I do know that there was absolutely NO TESTING of this system done before the launch of the new iPhone .
I know it 's just heresay at this point , but I can confirm that there was a major outage over the weekend that impacted all ordering systems and programs , and I can confirm that there were multiple systems being upgraded / updated , with some updates being related to fraud .
At this point , I can say that the system that AT&T uses to send automated orders to be processed is as of this very moment down completely .
Our facility is unable to process any orders by phone or by automation .
[ Regarding the identity problem ]
Whenever we see people who are logging in and seeing other customer 's account info , it is an issue with the databases that contain customer information .
Orders that contain any information like this can cross customer information , and cause a customer be able to see other accounts by logging out and logging back in .
This means that when they log in a few times , it gives them different customer account info every time .
It 's a rare occurrence , but it has happened in the past .
You might want to advise people to not get the upgrade at this point as it may be a doorway to a major privacy breach .
Advertisement
Unfortunately it appears that even if you do n't upgrade your private information could be exposed as other people try to upgrade , allowing accidental access to your account .
After we reported on the initial security breaches this morning , AT&T took down their account online system completely .
At this time ( 3:34 PM EDT ) , the account system is back online , but the iPhone 4 eligibility page is still down .
Advertisement
AT&T and Apple have not issued any statement about this security problem or the nationwide pre-order disaster .
Update : Numerous readers are sending reports on this security problem :
From : Ethan
Date : June 15 , 2010 4:05:15 PM
EDT
To : jesus@gizmodo.com
Subject : http://gizmodo.com/5564262/apple-iphone-4-order-security-breach-exposes-private-information
I logged in to Att.com in the pre-order frenzy .
I was immediately greeted by someone elses personal information .
Fearful that I had accidentally registered my iphone to someone elses name I refreshed the page .
This time my account info came in correctly .
I just thought I would share this story to add to your piece .
- Ethan
From : Matthew Canning
Date : June 15 , 2010 3:38:53 PM
EDT
To : jesus@gizmodo.com
Subject : Another security breach screenshot Happened to me this morning .
See attached .
Matt Canning ( not Andrew F )
Advertisement
From : Richard Sobel
Date : June 15 , 2010 4:26:46 PM
EDT
To : jesus@gizmodo.com , tips@gizmodo.com
Subject : AT&T still broken Clicked on Manage My Account to see if I , a person with zero hacking experience , could see someone else 's account data .
It took me back to my actual account information .
I 'm not , in fact , Michael .
Advertisement
From : Ryan Jones
Date : Tue , Jun 15 , 2010 at 3:59 PM
Subject : CASE # 4 OF " ATT LOGS ME IN AS ANOTHER PERSON "
To : tips@gizmodo.com
I just commented on your story about att security breaches .
My username is orangebluedevil .
It logged me in as a US NAVAL officer based in Hawaii named Scott .
From : SATX MINI
Date : June 15 , 2010 4:45:05 PM
EDT
To : jesus@gizmodo.com
Subject : iPhone 4 Order Security Breach Exposes Private Information Hi Mr. Diaz , I just wanted to let you know that this appears to be pretty widespread .
I decided to call AT&T and inquire after this happened to me , and I was rapidly asked to clear my cache and cookies and try again .
After I mentioned that I had retained screenshots for them , I was given an email address for a manager at Alorica ( customer service company ? ) .
They did n't seem overly interested at all beyond that .
Here 's to hoping that AT&T addresses the issue soon ....
David
From : David Anderson
Date : June 15 , 2010 4:56:30 PM
EDT
To : jesus@gizmodo.com
Subject : iPhone / AT&T Security Breach
Same thing happened to me - logged in and took me to some lady named Patricia in FL 's account .
Was very confused so backed out , and logged back in .
Did n't think to take a screenshot ...
Just an FYI , for what it 's worth .
David
From : Jon Scheidell
Subject : AT&T Security Breach
Date : June 15 , 2010 6:03:07 PM
EDT
To : Jesus Diaz
Cc : abuse@att.net , abuse@af.mil
In reference to your article , Jesus .
Here is another documented case of AT&T mistaken identity today .
In this case , revealing account information for what appears to be an Air Force / Government customer .
The screenshot is time stamped via filename at 6/15/2010 12:55:47 EDT .
I 've also copied the abuse desks of both AT&T and the Air Force should they desire to investigate this as well .
Either party can contact me directly if they wish . —
Jon
Advertisement
From : Charles J. Birk
Subject : http://gizmodo.com/5564262/apple-iphone-4-order-security-breach-exposes-private-information
Date : June 15 , 2010 6:51:10 PM
EDT
To : Jesus Diaz Hey Jesus ,
Also happened to me .
AT&T Sucks .
- Charles
Click to view
There are many Web sources of images under free licenses .
The presence of a resource on this list does not guarantee that all or any of the images in it are under a free licence .
You are still responsible for checking the copyright status of each image before you submit it to Wikipedia .
Please read the policy on image use and etiquette at : Wikipedia : Image use policy
As well as these listed sites , you can search for pages licensed under a free Creative Commons license on Google through the advanced search , or by following this example search .
See also :
Banknotes and coins [ edit ]
http://www.currencymuseum.net -
Lots of images of banknotes from all over the world , all scanned at a standard 150 dpi .
Use {{PD - banknote}} and an appropriate tag for the country from en: Category : Currency copyright tags .
http://aes.iupui.edu/rwise -
A huge number of banknote images from all over the world .
Use {{PD - banknote}} and an appropriate tag for the country from en: Category : Currency copyright tags
http://worldcoingallery.com/
- permission given by mail to Wikipedia ( OTRS ticket number 2006080810014758 ) .
Contains all sorts of coins images all over the world , licensed under the GFDL .
Use {{WorldCoinGallery}} and an appropriate tag for the country from en: Category : Currency copyright tags .
Geography [ edit ]
http://www.geograph.org.uk/
-
Photographs from all over the UK , Isle of Man , and Ireland , all are licensed under CC - BY - SA - 2.0 .
General collections [ edit ]
https://downloadfreesvgicons.com/
free vector icons with out the need for attribution
realgraphy.org Authentic Non-Stock Photos for Free. Forever .
pixabay.com en: Pixabay : Public domain photos .
StockifiedFREE
CC0 , high - resolutions images daily .
Injurymap has free illustrations in .svg and .png format of the human anatomy .
slon.pics collection completely free hi-res photos and illustrations for personal and commercial use .
Free HD Wallpapers Free High Resolution Wallpapers and Photos for Personal and Commercial Use .
Free High Resolution Wallpapers and Photos for Personal and Commercial Use. Vector Characters - Free Vector Characters , Vector Mascots and Vector illustrations .
Great assortment of business illustrations , men illustrations , women illustrations , kid illustrations and educational illustrations .
- Free Vector Characters , Vector Mascots and Vector illustrations .
Great assortment of business illustrations , men illustrations , women illustrations , kid illustrations and educational illustrations . [ 1 ]
High - Resolution Images on Different categories
Documents [ edit ]
BNF 's Gallica - Digital documents from the Bibliothèque Nationale de France ( BNF ) .
Science [ edit ]
http://visualsonline.cancer.gov/
- Great resource for electron microscopy and histological images .
Includes general biomedical and science - related images , cancer - specific scientific and patient care - related images , and portraits of directors and staff of the National Cancer Institute .
Image use policy states : " All images are in the public domain and may be used , linked , or reproduced without permission .
If an image is used , credit should be given to the listed source and / or author " .
https://www.plos.org/publications
-
All content published under a CC - BY license .
Some journal articles are accompanied by images that are useful for an encyclopedia .
http://ian.umces.edu/symbols/
- IAN Symbol Libraries .
2500 symbols in svg , ai and png formats , and a online vector editor .
Cost and royalty free .
http://www.media.nih.gov/imagebank/display.aspx?ID=763
Search Engines [ edit ]
Kicking about in space : Researchers have modelled the collision of black holes ( 1 ) .
Thereby it was shown that the newly created black hole is initially deformed ( 2 ) .
To smooth this asymmetry and achieve the energetically more favourable spherical shape , more momentum is radiated upwards : this " anti- kick " decelerates the black hole slightly - it now continues to move with reduced speed ( 3 ) .
Image : MPI for Gravitational Physics
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Researchers use the concept of " anti- kick " to explain why the speed suddenly decreases after the collision of such exotic objects .
Kicking is not only associated with football : if two black holes approach each other so closely as to collide and merge , the resulting black hole recoils and then races through the universe at a speed of up to several thousand kilometres per second .
Sometimes , however , it experiences a sudden decrease in speed - a behaviour for which there was no convincing explanation .
Scientists from the Max Planck Institute for Gravitational Physics have now found a solution to the puzzle : there is a type of recoil in the opposite direction that reduces the speed of the whole system .
In this " anti- kick " the black hole emits gravitational waves to reach its energetically optimum shape : a sphere .
( Physical Review Letters , June 3 , 2010 )
Viewed from the outside , a black hole is not a tangible object but a region in space that draws in matter from its surroundings with great force .
The boundary which separates this region from the rest of space is called the horizon .
In the simplest case , the horizon is perfectly spherical and floating in space .
Anything crossing the horizon from the outside is unable to leave again .
Not even light can escape this gravitational trap - hence its name .
Black holes are considered to be important components of models which astrophysicists use to explain stellar evolution or the interior of active galactic nuclei .
Luciano Rezzolla , head of the ‘ Numerical Relativity ’ research group at the Max Planck Institute for Gravitational Physics ( Albert Einstein Institute , AEI ) , and his colleagues Rodrigo Macedo and José Luis Jaramillo started by examining a simple system .
In this model , a smaller and a large black hole move linearly towards each other and collide head - on .
The smaller black hole moves faster , has a high downward momentum and emits strong gravitational waves downwards .
Since every action also produces a reaction , the overall system moves upwards - this is the " kick " ( left part of Fig . ) .
The black hole produced by the merger is initially not spherical , but deformed and has a type of " bump " at the top ( central part of Fig . ) .
To smooth this asymmetry and achieve the energetically more favourable spherical shape , more momentum is radiated upwards by means of gravitational waves : this " anti- kick " therefore decelerates the resulting black hole .
It still moves upwards , albeit at a reduced speed ( right part of Fig. ) .
Inspiralling black holes video simulation .
" This simple model takes us a lot further towards understanding black hole collisions .
In our publication we provide an intuitive explanation for a process whose mathematical details are terribly complex , " says Luciano Rezzolla .
" It is important in physics to understand complex phenomena and provide clear explanations .
This is the significance of the research results of Rezzolla and his team , " adds Bernard F. Schutz , Director of the Astrophysical Relativity Division .
The generation of a large kick in the merger of black holes has a direct impact in astrophysics :
Depending on its size , in fact , it determines the number of galaxies containing supermassive black holes at their centres since black holes can even be kicked out of their galaxies .
The explanation of the anti-kick suggests a methodology to probe the physics around a black hole by monitoring the geometry near its horizon .
This approach may help understanding some fundamental aspects of black - hole physics .
Explore further
How do supermassive black holes get so big ?
More information : Luciano Rezzolla , Rodrigo P. Macedo and José Luis Jaramillo , ' Understanding the " anti kick " in the merger of binary black holes ' , Physical Review Letters , June 3 , 2010 , Luciano Rezzolla , Rodrigo P. Macedo and José Luis Jaramillo , ' Understanding the " anti kick " in the merger of binary black holes ' , Physical Review Letters , June 3 , 2010 , prl.aps.org/abstract/PRL/v104/i22/e221101
Published online 16 June 2010 | Nature 465 , 864-866 ( 2010 ) | doi:10.1038/465864a
News Feature
Scientific performance indicators are proliferating — leading researchers to ask afresh what they are measuring and why .
Richard Van Noorden surveys the rapidly evolving ecosystem .
Scientists have been sizing up their colleagues since science began .
But it was American psychologist James McKeen Cattell who first popularized the idea that systematically ranking scientists by ' performance ' could provide benefits beyond scratching the itch of professional envy .
In the 1910 second edition to his 1906 work , American Men of Science : A Biographical Directory , he argued that tracking performance over time could assist the progress of research .
" It is surely time for scientific men to apply scientific method to determine the circumstances that promote or hinder the advancement of science , " he wrote .
That rationale for systematic evaluation has n't changed much in 100 years , but the evaluation techniques have evolved dramatically .
Where Cattell simply asked experts to rank the star performers in a field by merit —
" Expert judgment is the best , and in the last resort the only , criterion of performance , " he wrote — a host of objective indicators , or metrics , are now used to quantify nebulous notions of scientific quality , impact or prestige .
Within the past decade , the development of ever more sophisticated measures has accelerated rapidly , fuelled by the ready availability of online databases such as the Web of Science from Thomson Reuters , Scopus from Elsevier and Google Scholar .
“ Right now we 're going through a Cambrian explosion of metrics . ”
" Right now we 're going through a Cambrian explosion of metrics , " says Johan Bollen , an informatics scientist at Indiana University in Bloomington .
It has become all but impossible even to count today 's metrics .
Bibliometricians have invented a wide variety of algorithms , many of them unknown to the everyday scientist , some mistakenly applied to evaluate individuals , and each surrounded by a cloud of variants designed to help them apply across different scientific fields or different career stages ( see ' Metrics explosion ' ) .
Here , Nature categorizes metrics old and new , lays out their strengths and weaknesses — and examines a growing feeling among researchers that it is time to slow down and discuss what these measures are actually for .
The era of quantitative , computer - tabulated science metrics dates back to the 1950s , when linguist Eugene Garfield began indexing the scientific literature using punch cards .
A company in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , that Garfield founded in 1955 was renamed the Institute for Scientific Information ( ISI ) in 1960 , the same year it began to publish the Science Citation Index .
This was a systematic effort to track citations — the footnotes by which journal authors acknowledge their intellectual debts .
( ISI is now owned by the publishing firm Thomson Reuters . )
In 1965 , Garfield and his colleagues used ISI 's databases to show that Nobel laureates published five times the average number of papers , and that their work was cited 30 to 50 times the average — a finding that for decades established citations as the pre-eminent quantitative measure of a scientist 's influence1 .
Click for a larger version .
THOMSON REUTERS , WEB OF SCIENCE
For all that , Garfield 's best - known and most widely used citation - based metric , the ' impact factor ' ( see ' Field guide to metrics ' ) , which he developed in 1963 , is of little use in measuring an individual 's performance ; it applies only to the popularity of the journal .
" If there is one thing every bibliometrician agrees , it is that you should never use the journal impact factor to evaluate research performance for an article or for an individual — that is a mortal sin , " says Anthony van Raan , director of the Centre for Science and Technology Studies at Leiden University in the Netherlands .
Big impact
A better metric for assessing an individual by their citations is the h - index , which has been swiftly adopted by major online databases since being introduced in 2005 by physicist Jorge Hirsch of the University of California in San Diego .
According to Hirsch 's definition , someone who had written , say , 50 papers that had each been cited at least 50 times would have an h-index of 50 .
An author 's h- index has the virtue of measuring his or her article productivity and citation - based impact simultaneously .
But it does have flaws , including the fact that an author 's h - index can reflect longevity as much as quality — and can never go down with age , even if a researcher drops out of science altogether .
“ You should never use the journal impact factor to evaluate research performance for an article or for an individual — that is a mortal sin . ”
To combat this , " there have probably been more than a dozen variants of the h - index suggested since 2005 , and even scholars in the field of bibliometrics have still not established which are the best ones to use , " says Anne - Wil Harzing , a professor of international management at the University of Melbourne in Australia .
For that reason , she adds , most scientists stick to the original h- index , whatever its limitations .
A third , increasingly popular , class of measure is the ' evaluative informetric ' , which gives heavier weight to citations from papers that are themselves highly cited .
The principle is much the same as the PageRank algorithm that Google uses to order its search results : a link from a popular page is more highly weighted than one from a not - so - popular page .
Both Thomson Reuters and Elsevier now offer to compute this kind of metric for journals — the companies refer to the result as the Eigenfactor and the SCImago Journal Rank ( SJR ) , respectively .
Unlike the resolutely journal - oriented impact factor , the page - rank concept has been usefully applied to individuals by some researchers .
Filippo Radicchi , a researcher in complex networks at the Institute for Scientific Interchange in Turin , Italy , and his colleagues have used weighted citations to derive a network of links between more than 400,000 papers published between 1893 and 2006 in the Physical Review journals .
By slicing through the network year by year , the researchers then showed how the influence of each scientist 's articles spread through a community over time — which they in turn used to produce a quantitative ranking of physics authors2 .
For all their popularity , however , citation - based metrics share some fundamental weaknesses when it comes to evaluating individual researchers .
One is that research papers commonly have multiple authors — " possibly hundreds of them " , says Henk Moed , a senior science adviser at Elsevier in Amsterdam .
A number of corrections can be applied to give the various authors fractional credit .
But in some research fields , such as high - energy physics , there can be so many co-authors that assigning credit to individuals makes little sense , Moed says : " Here one seems to reach the limits of the bibliometric system . "
Another weakness is that the scores depend on the database being used .
Thomson Reuters 's science , social science and arts and humanities databases — accessible through its Web of Knowledge interface — include data from about 11,500 journals .
Elsevier 's Scopus , introduced in 2004 , includes abstracts and references from 16,500 peer - reviewed journals .
And the free automatically indexed database Google Scholar , also introduced in 2004 , includes details of patents as well as scientific papers , and covers many more journals in engineering , social sciences and the humanities than either of the others .
A search in May showed that papers in international management by Harzing had been cited 815 times according to Thomson Reuters , 952 times according to Scopus and 2,226 times according to Google Scholar .
Push for normality
For bibliometricians , the most daunting problem with citation - based metrics is getting the ' normalization ' right : if molecular biologists tend to cite more often than physicists , then molecular biologists will have higher h- indices or citation counts , making it difficult to compare individuals from the two fields .
In principle , such variations can be evened out by dividing a researcher 's citation rate by the average citation count for his or her field .
But in practice , any attempt to do so swiftly gets bogged down in categorization : what constitutes a ' field ' ?
A stem - cell researcher , for example , may bridle at being normalized by the average citation rate of cell biologists in general .
" Everyone has made a contribution to their particular granular subject area .
If you define the area too broadly , you miss subtleties ; too narrowly and you get nothing useful out of it , " says Charles Oppenheim , emeritus professor of information science at Loughborough University , UK .
One way to get around that problem is to let the citations define the categorization .
This is the idea behind various attempts to construct ' maps of science ' , using networks of interconnecting citations to spot discrete research fields or intellectual environments .
The process is hard to standardize , says van Raan .
Nonetheless , he says , " for individual scientists , mapping is the most interesting development in bibliometrics today " .
Bollen agrees : such maps often show how research papers or novel disciplines lie at the centre of particular fields of activity , he says — which could allow a scientist to assert , " my work connected nanotechnology to archaeology " , or " if I had n't published this paper , these domains would never have been connected " .
Bibliometricians have suggested a host of measures to quantify such statements .
These include ' betweenness centrality ' — how often a paper in the network lies on the shortest path between any other two papers — and ' closeness centrality ' : the average number of connections required to get from a paper to any of the other papers .
What aspects of scientific impact these measure is not entirely clear , but they probably give an indication of interconnectedness and interdisciplinarity .
Cyberstalking
Meanwhile , some metrics researchers are looking to make a break from citations .
As most scientific articles are now accessed and read online , why not just track the readers ' actions in cyberspace through article or journal page views or downloads ?
Publishers such as the Public Library of Science already offer download statistics for their articles , together with social - bookmarking tools that allow scientists to flag papers that they find particularly useful .
( Similar tools are offered by the online services Mendeley and Faculty of 1000 . )
The disadvantage of this approach is that it apportions the impact of a research paper according to all public views , not just those by scientists .
But that can also be seen as an advantage , in that it expands the idea of scientific impact .
For example , medical researchers might find that doctors , nurses and public - health policy - makers frequently view articles online , although the researchers never receive a traditional citation from these end -users .
One early hurdle for this nascent field is that there are not yet global standards for journals to report data files of user activity .
But COUNTER ( Counting Online Usage of Networked Electronic Resources ) , a consortium of librarians and publishers based in Oxford , UK , is working to reach agreement on such a standard by 2012 .
Bollen 's team is exploring whether online - usage data might help funding agencies to pick out fast - moving areas of innovation before citation - based statistics have a chance to catch up .
The researchers have obtained a database of 1 billion usage events — records of users accessing scientific articles , newspapers and magazines in the years 2002 to 2007 .
They can also see in what order a user in any one session clicks through resources , allowing them to track the general flow of activity and produce maps showing which articles are central to which networks of activity .
There are now maps that show how work in the social sciences and humanities formed bridges between scientific disciplines3 .
" In principle you could use these records to track scientific activity in real time , and to follow science taking place on Twitter , blogs , or through online software , none of which can be recorded by citation data , " says Bollen .
Before this vision of instant influence - tracking can become solid , however , data on the Internet need to be organized and referenced in more consistent ways , and publishers need to agree to release information on usage statistics .
Even as they push forward innovative ideas , many researchers in the metrics field say that it is high time for some reflection and consolidation .
Little , if any , of the recent buzz has made it past the pages of scholarly journals into regular use on scientists '
CVs , and , says Peter Binfield , publisher of PLoS ONE , " it feels like the field is going off in multiple directions " .
“ These people should know better than to think that there is a single measure you can use . ”
More widely , says Bollen , although bibliometricians know that the idea of measuring scientific performance shares a fuzziness with the idea of measuring intelligence , many are too keen to promote their own innovations rather than focus on what they actually measure .
" The point should not be to come up with a new metric .
It should be to explain what metrics represent , and why we want them , " says Bollen .
" Can we come back to the scientific community and say 'if this is what you want to measure , then this is a good way to do that ' ? "
Much of the next few years of clearing through the rubble of metrics will involve this kind of process , he says .
Similarly , although using a variety of metrics gives the clearest picture of scientific impact , some published research demonstrates that many people still desire a single index .
" There is some mind - numbing detail on how ' my version is better than yours ' ; all these people should know better than to think that there is a single measure you can use , " says David Pendlebury , a consultant for Thomson Reuters based in Bend , Oregon .
ADVERTISEMENT
Many metrics correlate strongly with one another , suggesting that they are capturing much of the same information about the data they describe .
Bollen 's team last year published a study4 comparing correlations between 39 measures of scientific impact for journals , attempting to tease out what different aspects of scholarly impact they captured .
For example , the most important factor seems to be whether a metric measures ' rapid ' or ' delayed ' impact .
Meanwhile , modern metrics are slowly finding users outside the traditional groups : journals hoping to promote their products or research - performance managers who , like Cattell , hope to boost research .
Individual researchers are beginning to explore how new tools such as network mapping and online usage data could help them to identify other scientists who are close to their special interests , deliver relevant papers to literature searches more speedily or to pinpoint emerging innovative fields .
Soon they could start to claim bibliometrics for themselves — assisting research in ways that Cattell never envisioned .
See Editorial , page 845 , and metrics special at www.nature.com/metrics.
When the love between a man and his horse gives birth to a tribe of evil centaurs , only one man can save the world from being stomped under the hooves of oppression - Simon Peterson .
Designer , animator , yoga instructor , ping pong extraordinaire , writer , webmaster , and creative genius Simon Peter might have out creative genius 'd himself , creating an epic trailer for his upcoming Flash game that the game itself could never hope to live up to .
Not without centaurs tossing their severed genitals at our hero as he bobs and weaves , heaving his mighty axe - a- rang into hordes of half - man , half - horse enemies .
I reached out to Simon Peter , who assured me that there is a completely real game coming on June 10 , like it or not .
He 's even provided us with a trio of screens , which you can peruse below .
" I am just bugging out over not getting my hero to jump properly to avoid the centaur projectiles , " says Peter .
" But I have lost quite a bit of sleep already , trying to meet my self - imposed deadline . "
Advertisement
You can find out more about Simon Peter and Centaurian :
The Game at his website , which may be the most hideous thing I 've seen on the web in the past five years .
Go ahead and look .
He wo n't hurt you .
Click to Load
covering
0 videos | 0 matchescovering 101 % of all possible match - ups mods - langdon ( 16,069 ) ; bvh91 ( 305 ) ; samw ( 224 ) ; cliffeside ( 50 ) ;
Web site , mobile site , and Boxee appVideos are © their respective ownersStreet Fighter ® IV © Capcom U.S.A. , Inc .
The following is a fact - check from the May 30 , 2010 episode of Meet the Press .
CAROL BROWNER |
There have not been similar accidents with underwater wells – FALSE
MS. BROWNER : David , I , I , I think that we have to understand all of these things going forward .
But I do think it ’s important to understand that these wells have been drilled for several decades now .
There have not been these kinds of accidents .
An accident occurred on June 3 , 1979 , on an oil rig in the Gulf of Mexico called Ixtoc , where for 10 months oil spilled uncontrollably into the Gulf .
The similarities between the Ixtoc accident and the Deepwater Horizon are identical other than the water depth at which the Deepwater Horizon is located .
The Ixtoc accident involved an initial blowout and platform fire , uncontrolled gushing of oil into Gulf , faulty BOP , attempts to cap oil , and two relief wells .
The Deepwater Horizon accident has involved an initial blowout and platform fire , uncontrolled gushing of oil into Gulf , broken BOP , multiple attempts to cap oil , and two relief wells are currently being dug .
Robert Dudley ( BP ) made a similar claim on the same episode of Meet the Press , and through a previous fact - check , we found his statement FALSE , as we also find Carol Browner ’s statement FALSE .
This fact - check took 10 minutes .
It ’s much easier to mix this if the garden soil you use is dry .
If soil is damp , remove it from the garden and spread it out on newspaper in your home to dry overnight before mixing with the other ingredients .
An alternative to using garden soil is to use a cheap bag of all - purpose potting soil .
This soil is usually just as good as or better than garden soil .
Just add the peat and perlite for aeration .
For cactus plants or succulents , you may wish to add a little sand to this potting mix .
I ’ve been having an e-mail discussion with another researcher who publishes on the subject of climate feedbacks , and who remains unconvinced of my ideas regarding the ability of clouds to cause climate change .
Since I am using the simple forcing - feedback model as evidence of my claims , I thought I would show some model results for a 1,000 year integration period .
What I want to demonstrate is one of the issues that is almost totally forgotten in the global warming debate : long - term climate changes can be caused by short - term random cloud variations .
The main reason this counter - intuitive mechanism is possible is that the large heat capacity of the ocean retains a memory of past temperature change , and so it experiences a “ random - walk ” like behavior .
It is not a true random walk because the temperature excursions from the average climate state are somewhat constrained by the temperature - dependent emission of infrared radiation to space .
A 1,000 Year Model Run
The temperature variability in this model experiment is entirely driven by a 1,000 year time series of monthly random numbers , which is then smoothed with a 30 - year filter to mimic multi-decadal variability in cloud cover .
I ’ve run the model with a 700 m deep ocean , and strong negative feeedback ( 6 Watts per sq. meter of extra loss of energy to space per degree of warming , which is equivalent to only 0.5 deg .
C of warming for a doubling of atmospheric CO2 .
This is what we observed in satellite data for month - to - month global average temperature variations . )
The first plot below shows the resulting global average radiative imbalance , which is a combination of ( 1 ) the random cloud forcing and ( 2 ) the radiative feedback upon any temperature change from that forcing .
Note that the standard deviation of these variations over the 1,000 year model integration is only one - half of one percent of the average rate at which solar energy is absorbed by the Earth , which is about 240 Watts per sq. meter .
I also computed the average 10 - year trends for all 10 - year periods contained in the 1,000 year time series shown above , and got about the same value as NASA ’s best radiation budget instrument ( CERES ) has observed from the Terra satellite for the ten - year period 2000 – 2010 : about 1 Watt per sq. meter per decade .
Thus , we have satellite evidence that the radiative imbalances seen above are not unrealistic .
The second plot shows the resulting temperature changes over the 1,000 year model run .
Note that even though the time scale of the forcing is relatively short — 30 year smoothed monthly random numbers — the 700 m ocean layer can experience much longer time scale temperature changes .
In fact , if we think of this as the real temperature history for the last 1,000 years , we might even imagine a “ Medieval Warm Period ” 600 years before the end of the integration , with rapid global warming commencing in the last century .
Hmmm…sounds vaguely familiar .
The main point here is that random cloud variations in the climate system can cause climate change .
You do n’t need a change in solar irradiance , or any other external forcing mechanism .
The above plots also illustrate the danger in comparing things like sunspot activity ( and its presumed modulation of cloud cover ) to long - term temperature changes .
As you can see , the temperature variations in the second plot look nothing like the global energy imbalance variations in the first plot .
This is for two reasons : ( 1 ) forcing ( global radiative imbalance ) due to cloud variations is related to the time rate of change of temperature …. not to the temperature per se ; and ( 2 ) the ocean ’s “ memory ” of previous forcing leads to much longer time scale temperature behavior than the short - term cloud forcing might have suggested .
The fact that climate change can be caused by seemingly random , short - term processes has been totally lost in the climate debate .
I ’m not sure why .
Could it be that , if we were to admit the climate system can vary in unpredictable ways , there would be less room for our egos to cause climate change ?
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Hayabusa on track for landing in two weeks
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : May 30 , 2010
Two weeks before its scheduled return to Earth , Japan 's Hayabusa asteroid explorer is halfway through a series of unprecedented ion engine burns to aim the probe for a narrow re-entry corridor toward Australia .
Artist 's concept of Hayabusa approaching Earth .
Credit : JAXA
The Japanese space agency says the spacecraft remains on track for its landing June 13 at the Woomera Test Facility in South Australia .
The re-entry should occur around 1400 GMT , or in the late night hours of June 13 , Australian time .
The Hayabusa mothership will release the 16 - inch - wide entry capsule about three hours before landing as the probe travels around 25,000 miles from Earth .
During re-entry , temperatures around the capsule will reach about 4,900 degrees Fahrenheit , but the tiny craft will be protected by a carbon - fiber heat shield .
Parachutes will deploy to slow the capsule 's speed for touchdown in the Australian outback .
Because Hayabusa 's chemical fuel tanks are empty , Japanese engineers had to devise ways to keep the spacecraft on course using ion thrusters , highly - efficient engines typically used for long - duration burns lasting thousands of hours .
Hayabusa 's sole operational ion thruster , afflicted by its own technical trouble , has fired three times since early April to guide the spacecraft toward Earth .
Each trajectory correction maneuver , which would normally be executed using chemical engines , takes up to several days to complete because of the ion engine 's low thrust .
The craft completed its third correction firing early Thursday , Japanese time .
The nearly 100 - hour burn changed Hayabusa 's velocity by 11 mph and put the probe on course for the Earth rim point , an imaginary target 200 kilometers above the planet 's surface .
The fine - tuning burns beginning in April came after the ion thruster completed its long - term propulsion phase in late March .
Artist 's concept of Hayabusa 's sample container during re-entry .
Credit : JAXA
The probe is currently traveling 3.5 million miles from Earth , according to the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency .
Hayabusa will fire its ion engine two more times in the coming weeks to target the spacecraft 's trajectory for the Woomera landing site .
The next burn is scheduled to begin around June 6 to bend Hayabusa 's trajectory from the Earth rim point to its destination in Australia .
A final maneuver , tentatively timelined for three days before re-entry , will correct any errors in the course toward the landing site .
Hayabusa , which is about the size of a compact car , launched from Japan in 2003 and spent three months exploring asteroid Itokawa in late 2005 .
Hayabusa means falcon in Japanese .
Although the craft likely did not achieve its objective of collecting samples from Itokawa , scientists are hopeful Hayabusa 's landing capsule carries some asteroid residue .
Even if the container is empty , the $ 200 million mission would still complete the first round - trip voyage to and from an asteroid , assuming the crippled spacecraft can complete the final two weeks of its journey .
Scientists find a ' hint of life ' on Saturn 's moon Titan
Scientists have found evidence that there is life on Saturn 's biggest moon , Titan .
They have discovered clues that primitive aliens are breathing in Titan 's atmosphere and feeding on fuel at the surface .
The startling discoveries , made using an orbiting spacecraft , are revealed in two separate reports .
Saturn 's moon , Titan , pictured using ultraviolet and infrared cameras on board the space probe Cassini .
Scientists now believe that the moon could harbour life
Data from Nasa 's Cassini probe has analysed the complex chemistry on the surface of Titan - the only moon known to have a dense atmosphere .
Its surface is covered with mountains , lakes and rivers which has led astronomers to call it the most Earthlike world in the solar system .
Organic chemicals had already been detected on the 3,200 - mile wide planet .
But the liquid on Titan is not water but methane and the scientists expect life there to be methane - based .
The first paper , in the journal Icarus , shows that hydrogen gas flowing down through Titan 's atmosphere disappears at the surface , suggesting it could be being breathed by alien bugs .
The second paper , in the Journal of Geophysical Research , reports there is a lack of a certain chemical on the surface , leading scientists to believe it may be being consumed by life .
Look familiar ?
An artist 's conception showing Titan 's Earthlike surface with Saturn appearing dimly in the background through the thick atmosphere
Scientists had expected sunlight interacting with chemicals in the atmosphere to produce acetylene that falls down to coat Titan 's surface .
But Cassini detected no acetylene there .
Experts warn that there could be other explanations for the results .
But taken together , they fulfil two important conditions necessary for methane - based life to exist .
Nasa astrobiologist Chris McKay said : ' If these signs do turn out to be a sign of life , it would be doubly exciting because it would represent a second form of life independent from water - based life on Earth . '
Scientists believe that when the Sun swells up , swallowing Earth , conditions could be ideal on a warmer Titan .
Professor John Zarnecki , of the Open University , said : ' We believe the chemistry is there for life to form .
It just needs heat and warmth to kick - start the process .
' In four billion years ' time , when the Sun swells into a red giant , it could be paradise on Titan . '
June 3 , 2010 : A Soviet robot lost on the dusty plains of the Moon for the past 40 years has been found again , and it is returning surprisingly strong laser pulses to Earth .
" We shined a laser on Lunokhod 1's position , and we were stunned by the power of the reflection , " says Tom Murphy of UC San Diego , who leads the research team that 's putting the old robot back to work .
" Lunokhod 1 is talking to us loudly and clearly . "
It looks like a creature from science fiction , but Lunokhod 1 is real .
Photo Credit : Lavochkin Association . [ more ]
Almost forgotten in the lore of the Apollo - era space race , Lunokhod 1 was one of the greatest successes of the old Soviet lunar exploration program .
In 1970 , Time magazine described the robot 's historic landing :
" Three hours after reaching the Moon aboard the latest unmanned Russian Moon probe , Luna 17 , Lunokhod I ( literally " moonwalker " ) lumbered down one of two ramps extended by the mother ship and moved forward … thus taking the first giant step for robotkind on another celestial body . "
An LRO photo of the Luna 17 lander .
Note the Lunokhod 1 tracks circling the lander . [ more ]
The remote - controlled rover traveled almost 7 miles during its 11 month lunar tour , relaying thousands of TV images and hundreds of high - resolution panoramas of the Moon back to Earth .
It also sampled and analyzed lunar soil at 500 locations .
Then Lunokhod - 1 was lost – until last month when NASA 's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter found it again .
The recovery is described in an earlier NASA press release .
On April 22 , Murphy and his team sent pulses of laser light from the 3.5 meter telescope at the Apache Point Observatory in New Mexico , zeroing in on the target coordinates provided by Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter .
A laser retroreflector on Lunokhod 1 intercepted the pulses and sent a clear signal back to Earth .
" We got about 2,000 photons from Lunokhod 1 on our first try .
After almost 40 years of silence , this rover a lot to say , " notes Murphy .
Back in the late 1960s and early 1970s , Apollo astronauts placed three other retroflectors on the Moon to allow laser ranging of the Moon 's orbit .
Assisted by a fourth reflector on Lunokhod 2 , a twin of Lunokhod 1 that landed in 1973 , these mirrors constitute the only Apollo science experiment still operating .
Lunar laser ranging from the McDonald Observatory . [ more ]
Eric Silverberg , now retired from the University of Texas , was in charge of the lunar laser ranging activities at the McDonald Observatory from 1969 until 1982 .
" During that time , " he recalls , " we successfully ranged all three of the Apollo corner reflectors and the Lunakhod 2 reflector .
We also tried to range on the first lunar rover but had only one possible ( but not definite ) detection on Dec 31 , 1970 .
Our lack of knowledge of the location of the rover and the pressures of keeping up with the Apollo program caused us eventually to lose interest in Lunakhod 1 . "
" When I read that Tom Murphy had discovered returns from the lost rover I was very surprised and elated , " says Silverberg .
Murphy 's initial reaction was disbelief : " The signal was so strong , my first thought was that our detector was acting up !
I expected the rover 's reflector to be degraded and dull after all this time , so I thought , ' this could n't possibly be it . '
But it was . "
" This reflector is even strong enough to let us get measurements in lunar daylight – a first for this experiment ! "
Silverberg continues : " The fact that Lunokhod 1's reflection is now stronger than that of its twin is a mystery .
This may yield important clues as to why all of the reflectors are weaker than in the first decade after landing . "
With Lunokhod 1 back in the fold , the laser ranging study can get up to full throttle for the first time .
The scientists are using laser ranging to push hard on Einstein 's gravity theory " to see if we can break it , " says Murphy .
Corner - cube prisms return any incident light back in exactly the direction from which it came .
[ more ]
" Our telescope shoots out laser pulses that travel from Earth to the Moon and ping the reflectors .
Because these are all ' corner - cube reflectors , ' they send the pulse straight back where it came from .
We scoop up as many of the returning photons as possible . "
The round - trip travel time pinpoints the Earth - Moon distance .
With repeated measurements , over months and years , the scientists can trace the Moon 's orbit with millimeter precision .
Einstein's theory of gravity ( the Theory of General Relativity ) holds that the mass and energy in massive objects like the sun make space curve , and this curving tells objects around the massive body how to move .
The curvature actually makes the Earth and Moon fall toward the sun .
By measuring the Moon 's fall through curved spacetime , the Apache Point Observatory Lunar Laser - ranging Operation -- APOLLO for short -- may yet find a crack in Einstein 's great edifice of General Relativity .
That 's how science moves forward .
So far , lunar ranging results support Einstein .
But a funny looking old rover may shine , or at least reflect , new light on the subject .
Author : Dauna Coulter | Editor : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
If California State Sen. Roy Ashburn can hit the gay bars in Sacramento , ca n’t Minnesota State Sen .
Paul Koering take gay porn stars out on dates ?
Koering is the openly gay Republican who once wanted to be governor — and while he voted against state constitutional bans on marriage and civil unions for gays , it ’s not like he was really pushing to legalize it either ; in 2009 , he voted against legalizing gay marriage .
But there he was trying to woo porn star and former escort Brandon Wilde over dinner at the restaurant Iven ’s On The Bay in Brainerd — for which the senator makes no apologies , he tells The Sword ( NSFW ) .
Wilde first tweeted about his night with Koering on Sunday evening , writing , “ lol so funny !!
in 45 mins im going 2 dinner with the senator :) . ”
The senator , Koering , picked Wilde up and took him to Iven ’s on the Bay restaurant in Brainerd , where they dined on strip steak and beef medallions .
In an exclusive interview with The Sword this morning , Koering was unapologetic : “ I do n’t see anything wrong with going out with him .
Do I think that being a porn star is the best thing ?
No .
But that ’s his choice .
I think he ’s a nice guy . ”
The Sword spoke to Wilde , too , who revealed that his date with Koering was casual , yet awkward : “ I think he wanted to get in my pants , truthfully .
And he was pretty flirty .
But it was just dinner .
We both were checking out the waiter though .
It was fun . ”
Koering says that while he does n’t approve of Wilde ’s career choice , he would like a second date .
Which is funny , because we do n’t approve of Koering ’s career choice — porn is less devious than politics any day .
And for the record , Koering only paid for dinner .
Not Wilde ’s time .
Even though until very recently , Wilde maintained a profile on Rentboy.com .
He must know Jo-Vanni Roman , then ?
From the meetings ?
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
06/03/2010
The Duggars : Seemingly nice people mixed up with a demonstrably gay - hostile movement
by Jeremy Hooper
The Values Voters Summit is a frequently eye - opening soiree .
For those not familiar , here 's a vid that Max Blumenthal did back in '07 :
In subsequent years , people like Carrie Prejean have been feted at the event .
Through it all , expressing a commitment to stopping " The Gay Agenda™ " has remained the surest way to earn applause , even more so than invoking the words " socialism " or " Palin . "
So why are we talking about the September event now , in June ?
Well , because at this year 's Values Voter Summit , the organizers at Family Research Council -- the rabidly homo - hostile group whose leaders are on record calling for gay exportation , backing gay criminalization , and referring to gays as " being held captive by the enemy " -- have announced that they will honor Jim Bob & Michelle Duggar , along with the couple 's 276 kids ( and counting ) :
As cameras follow the family around for the smash hit reality show , 19 Kids and Counting , Jim Bob , Michelle , and the kids have been outspoken ambassadors for Christian values in a secular world .
Together with parents from across the country , we want to pay tribute to their commitment to faith and family in an industry and culture that so desperately need it .
The Duggars Star at Values Voter Summit ! [ FRC ]
Not a surprising booking .
For years the Duggars have linked to FRC , the American Family Association , Liberty Counsel , and a whole host of anti-gay groups via their website .
And the family 's made no bones about being conservative Christians .
In fact , the faith motivations behind the multiple births ( which are guided by " Quiverfull " head Bill Gothard , another anti-gay figure ) have led us to comment on how we just can't accept the Duggars ' story as a fun , light , morning news " kicker . "
There 's more going on with their movement .
A " more " that seeks to give us less .
Then there 's the time the Duggars went to D.C. , where the family was led around town by intensely anti-gay figure David Barton , and where they just so happened to have a chance encounter with homo - hostile congresswoman Michele Bachmann ( Very Far R-MN ) :
So no , again :
We 're not surprised that TLC 's favorite family is part of the " pro-family " movement .
But still :
This booking ?
At this event , the Values Voters Summit ?
Thrown by this group , FRC ?
It would seem to be a step up the ladder of anti-gay slighting .
A ladder that , in our eyes , takes the Duggars ' weekly show out of the realm of guilty pleasure TV and instead puts it into a world filled with figureheads like the Family Research Council 's Peter Sprigg , someone who thinks that we gays are the truly guilty ones :
We really do n't wanna serve 19 years ( and counting ) !
And that being the case :
We really are n't sure we can , in good conscience , give the Duggars any more ratings points .
Their brand of " family - friendly " TV is starting to seem waaaay too unfriendly to our own !
So Kate Gosselin , it looks like all of our fertile reality TV hopes will now have to rest with you .
We 'll probably even defend you when critics accuse you of using your " plus 8 " as props -- just as long as " Prop " & " 8 " are not words associated with your political views !
***
** UPDATE : Oh , and look who else will be there : Bryan ' Homosexuals in the military gave us ... six million dead Jews ' Fischer : A ' values ' voice ?!
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Bioware has released some new gameplay footage for their upcoming MMORPG game , Star Wars : The Old Republic .
We were all blown away by the CGI trailer released a few days ago , but now its time to see some in - game footage .
The gameplay videos show off a few of the player ships , Trooper and Smuggler quest where a trooper and smuggler work together for the Republic on a quest , and Sith Warrior and Inquisitor quest where a Sith Warrior and Sith Inquisitor engage in combat on a quest .
SWTOR E3 2010 | Player ships revealed
SWTOR E3 2010 | Sith Warrior and Inquisitor quest
SWTOR E3 2010 | Trooper and Smuggler quest
VA-VA-VA -VOOM BOOM
Memo to Environmental Protection Agency administrator Lisa P. Jackson , others .
Some 15,000 Hooters waitresses in 44 states are “ voluntarily donating their torn pantyhose in an effort to help absorb the oil spilled in the Gulf of Mexico .
The laundered pantyhose are used to make containment booms which are stuffed with hair , fur and fleece to absorb the oil .
Hooters expects to collect over 100,000 pairs of pantyhose through this effort , which could ultimately absorb 1 million gallons of oil in the Gulf , if the booms are reused 8 times , the average life of a boom . ”
Well , OK .
Uh , that ’s nice .
The pantyhose in question “ will be shipped to environmental agencies and nonprofit organizations , ” Hooters spokesman Mike McNeil advises .
THEN AND NOW
“ The truth is that right after 9/11 , I had a pin .
Shortly after 9/11 , particularly because as we ’re talking about the Iraq war , that became a substitute for I think true patriotism , which is speaking out on issues that are of importance to our national security , I decided I wo n’t wear that pin on my chest .
Instead , I ’m going to try to tell the American people what I believe will make this country great , and hopefully that will be a testimony to my patriotism . ”
— President Obama , on why he did not wear an American flag pin , to KCRG - TV in Cedar Rapids , Iowa , on Oct. 3 , 2007 .
“ Although the configuration of stars and stripes has changed over the years it has been flown , its significance and symbolism have not wavered .
The flag that once helped unite a new nation to confront tyranny and oppression still flies today as an unequivocal emblem of freedom and liberty .
The same flag that has been raised on beaches and battlefields still adorns the uniforms of our heroic sons and daughters serving in America ’s armed forces , including our troops serving in harm ’s way in Iraq and Afghanistan . …
I urge all Americans to observe Flag Day and National Flag Week by displaying the flag . ”
— Mr. Obama , proclaiming Flag Day and Flag Week , which begins Monday .
FLAGGED INFORMATION
The U.S. imported $ 3 million worth of foreign - manufactured American flags last year , and “ the vast majority of this amount ( $ 2.5 million ) was for U.S. flags made in China , ” says the U.S. Census Bureau .
Such stats are not overlooked by the Flag Manufacturers Association of America , a trade group that says this trend “ defeats the purpose of being a true symbol of patriotism . ”
The group has established a certification process for “ homegrown ” American flags made from domestic materials , and in U.S. facilities .
So far , four manufacturers meet the criteria .
They are : Annin & Co. , founded in 1847 ; C.F. Flag , founded in 1898 ; J.C. Schultz Enterprises Inc. / The Flag Source , founded in 1920 ; and Valley Forge Flags , founded in 1882 .
DOCTORED INFORMATION
Doctors are rallying around their lab coats .
Physicians are “ so outraged ” about the impact of recent Medicare cuts that they ’re sending white lab coats to Capitol Hill , signed Sunday during the annual meeting of the American Medical Association ( AMA ) in Chicago .
“ AMA physicians are sending signed white lab coats to their members of Congress as a symbolic , visible reminder that action is desperately needed to avert a Medicare meltdown , ” says AMA president Dr. James Rohack .
“ The Senates failure to act before June 1 made the 21 percent cut the law of the land , and this week Medicares temporary hold on claims expires .
Physicians will start seeing a 21 percent cut in Medicare payments this week that will hurt seniors ’ health care as physicians are forced to make practice changes to keep their practice doors open , ” Dr. Rohack cautions .
LOLLAR WATCH
The intrepid Charles Lollar just got a step closer in his bid to unseat House Majority Leader Steny H. Hoyer .
Mr. Lollar , an officer in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve , conservative Republican and primary candidate for Marylands 5th District congressional seat — has garnered the endorsement of Fox News host Sean Hannity .
Mr. Lollar , who has chalked up active duty combat experience and is hailed by local “ tea party ” groups as “ the Maryland miracle , ” has advice to the White House .
“ Even when bullets are whistling overhead , you must have a plan , ” he says .
DOUBLE TROUBLE
The BP oil is spewing .
But the Gulf region should brace for churning , too .
Forecasters have predicted there could be 18 “ named ” hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean this season — more than double from 2009 .
But retired Army Lt. Gen. Russel Honore , a Katrina veteran , is optimistic about things .
“ Our government is much better prepared now to deal with potential hurricanes than it was prior to Katrina .
Not only is FEMA much more proactive today , they have transformed themselves into an organization with more of a push capability then a pull system .
Prior to Katrina , nothing really started until a governor requested Presidential Disaster Declaration .
As a result of the Stafford Act , when hurricanes approach FEMA and NORTHCOM are able to start putting assets in place to respond , ” Gen . Honore tells Inside the Beltway .
The former commander of Katrina Task Force during the George W. Bush administration , Gen . Honore hopes to foster a “ culture of preparedness ” in the U.S. and has even gone commercial with it as an adviser to 1800 prepare.com , an online survival kit supplier .
POLL DU JOUR
* 67 percent of U.S. voters say Republicans in Congress have “ lost touch ” with Republican voters , 52 percent say Democrats have lost touch with their voters .
* 65 percent say “ it would be better for the country ” if most incumbents were defeated in November .
* 60 percent say it is likely Republicans will regain control of Congress .
* 42 percent say such a win would cause “ noticeable change ” in the lives of most Americans .
* 32 percent disagree , 25 percent are not sure .
Source : A Rasmussen reports survey of 1,000 likely voters conducted June 9 and 10 .
Quips , tips , press releases to jharper@washingtontimes.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The biggest Lib Dem coup .
The Tories are against changing the voting system and are likely to campaign against it in a referendum .
There was already broad agreement on most of the other measures .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has completed a visit to London marking the 70th anniversary of Charles de Gaulle 's defiant wartime broadcast .
After visiting the BBC radio studio where the general urged France to resist the Nazis , he expressed " eternal gratitude " for Britain 's war effort .
Mr Sarkozy and his wife Carla Bruni met the Prince of Wales to lay wreaths at Gen de Gaulle 's statue .
The president and British PM David Cameron also met 200 WWII veterans .
' Shoulder to shoulder '
During a ceremony at the Royal Hospital Chelsea , Mr Sarkozy told them he brought the " brotherly greetings and eternal gratitude of the French people " who remembered what Britain had " accomplished ... for our freedom " .
He also awarded the Legion d'Honneur to six of the veterans - three of them British - who took part in the Operation Dragoon landings in Provence in August 1944 .
Analysis
There was a buzz of excitement outside Broadcasting House as President Sarkozy and his wife Carla arrived at the BBC 's headquarters in Portland Place .
Staff had been busy since dawn making final preparations for the French leader 's visit .
Inside the Artists ' Lobby , the president was shown a wartime microphone and famous tapestry , La Poete , by Jean Lurcat .
Described as a powerful metaphor for broadcasting and freedom , it was given to the BBC by the French government as a thank you for the World War II broadcasts .
The Broadcasting House complex - under redevelopment - is a very different place from when Gen de Gaulle entered studio 4B on 18 June 1940 .
The truth is not many people heard that original broadcast , but many more followed .
Few , however , are in any doubt that " L'Appel du 18 Juin " was a turning point in modern French history .
Sarkozy talks at No 10 ' warm '
Mr Cameron said the anniversary was a " reminder that Britain and France are not just neighbours in the geographical sense but also in the emotional sense " .
He said he was committed to working with France to face " huge challenges " .
" Just as our two great countries stood together in the past , so we must stand shoulder to shoulder today , " he said .
The leaders ' arrival at the home of the Chelsea Pensioners was greeted with a flypast of a Spitfire , Typhoon and French Air Force Rafale .
Troops from the Household Cavalry Mounted Detachment attended the hospital while bands played the two countries ' anthems .
A student from the Charles de Gaulle school in London then read the general 's speech to Mr Sarkozy .
The UK visit began at BBC Broadcasting House , where Mr Sarkozy unveiled a plaque and viewed a tapestry presented in thanks to the BBC by France after World War II .
The president then met Prince Charles at Clarence House before laying wreaths at the statue of George VI on the Mall .
More wreaths were then laid at Gen de Gaulle 's statue , near the headquarters of the Free French forces during the war .
Limited audience
Mr Cameron also held an hour of talks with Mr Sarkozy at Downing Street , focused on efforts to boost European growth , the conflict in Afghanistan and other foreign policy matters .
In total about 800 people from the Charles de Gaulle Foundation , the Free French Foundation and other groups visited London to join events .
Many had made the journey on a specially chartered Eurostar .
DE GAULLE'S HISTORIC BROADCAST Gen de Gaulle fled France on 17 June 1940 as a new administration sought an armistice with Hitler
The next evening he urged the French to fight on in a BBC radio address from Broadcasting House
Britain had turned his request to broadcast down , but the decision was reversed after PM Winston Churchill intervened
To the general 's fury , his speech was not recorded , so he returned four days later to deliver his message again Blog : Head of BBC History on visit Speech changed fate of France
Mr Sarkozy 's visit was the first by a French president to mark Gen de Gaulle 's broadcast on 18 June 1940 .
The general had fled his country the day before as a new administration , headed by Philippe Petain , sought an armistice with Hitler .
In the stirring radio appeal Gen de Gaulle declared himself leader of the " Free French " , spawning the French Resistance , which went on to play a crucial role in defeating the Germans .
He told his nation that " the flame of the French resistance must not and will not be extinguished " .
Posters displaying his words were put up all over London in the days that followed the broadcast , to galvanise French exiles .
Gen de Gaulle was given a hero's welcome after the liberation of Paris in August 1944 , but historians point out that he was not seen as a saviour in 1940 .
They say his now revered broadcast went almost unnoticed at the time , with a very limited audience on the BBC French Service .
Mr Sarkozy made a state visit to the UK with his supermodel - turned - singer wife in March 2008 .
Image caption Yusuf Mohamed Siad 's resignation is a blow to the fight against insurgents
Somalia 's defence minister , who is leading the fight against Islamist insurgents , has resigned from the embattled transitional government .
Yusuf Mohammed Siad , a close ally of Islamist President Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , said he was leaving as the government had failed to restore order .
Two other ministers tendered their resignation letters from London and another from neighbouring Kenya .
Much of southern Somalia is under the control of al - Qaeda inspired militants .
The country has not had a unified functioning government since 1991 .
Blow
BBC Somali Service analyst Mohamed Mohamed says it is a major blow to President Ahmed , a moderate Islamist who came to power 18 months ago heading a UN - backed unity government .
I realised that my government cannot do its job Yusuf Mohammed Siad
Like the president , Mr Siad was a leader of the Union of Islamic Courts , which controlled most of southern Somalia for six months in 2006 , and was spearheading the fight about the militants , he says .
" Everyone has to evaluate himself before others judge his failure , and that is what I did before resigning , " Mr Siad told Reuters news agency after he announced his resignation in Mogadishu .
" I realised that my government cannot do its job . "
The other ministers who resigned are :
Mohamed Abdullahi Omaar - responsible for higher education
Hassan Moalim - state minister for the presidency
Abdirahman Abdishakur Warsame - minister of international co-operation .
The government rules only a few strategic square kilometres of the capital - with the help of a 5,000 - strong African Union peacekeeping force .
Correspondents says the president has become increasingly unpopular , amid charges his government has been corrupt and ineffective .
Meanwhile , his introduction of Sharia law to the Muslim country has not appeased the Islamist militias fighting the government .
Hundreds of thousands of people have fled their homes in two decades of conflict that has created one of the world 's worst humanitarian emergencies .
Dr Spencer Wells is a geneticist , anthropologist and explorer - in - residence at the National Geographic Society .
In a new book , Pandora 's Seed , he charts the unforeseen costs of farming , which began to transform society 10,000 years ago , but brought with it illnesses such as diabetes and obesity .
BBC science reporter Paul Rincon met Dr Wells to find out what lessons we could learn from the past and what might lie in store for our species over the next 10,000 years .
Image caption
The majority of the world 's population now depends on farming
PR : Could you briefly summarise the main themes of your book ?
SW : In the book , I talk about global warming and overpopulation .
I trace a lot of these issues back in time to the dawn of the Neolithic .
This was a period when humanity made a sea change in its culture .
We settled down and started growing our own food .
Given that it has been so successful - 99.99 % of the people in the world today are agriculturalists , and hunter - gatherers are a tiny minority - you would guess that it is successful for a reason .
That it is a wonderful way of life , improved our health and so on .
It turns out , that 's not actually the case .
Even if you look at very early communities , as they made the transition from a hunting and gathering lifestyle to farming in the same region , they became less healthy .
They ended up shorter , they tended to die younger , the skeletal structure changed in a way that 's consistent with a decreased level of nutrition .
So the question is why did ( farming ) win out ?
Image caption Dr Wells claims that humankind has reached a crossroads
It turns out the reason we became agriculturalists is that we were backed into a corner - a climatological corner .
At the end of the last Ice Age , things were warming up , population densities at some locations increased significantly .
And some people started to settle down .
Then as things continued to warm up , this ice dam in North America melted , letting loose the deluge of Lake Agassiz ( a huge glacial lake in North America which drained around 13,000 years ago ) , killing the Gulf Stream which had served to warm up western Eurasia for the last few thousand years .
Basically , we were plunged back into Ice Age - like conditions during the Younger Dryas ( 12,800 - 11,500 years ago ) .
Carrying capacity had not kept up - we had too many people moving on the land at the time , and they could n't support themselves as hunter - gatherers so they had to develop an innovation .
And that innovation was agriculture .
It made total sense at the time , as a reaction to an extreme climatic shift - a crisis .
But unfortunately , it had lots of ancillary baggage .
And the book is really about tracing that ancillary baggage .
NEOLITHIC TIMELINE
12,800 years ago - the Younger Dryas , a brief sharp climatic freeze , begins
11,500 years ago - the Younger Dryas ends
10,000 years ago - The Neolithic ( farming ) revolution begins in the Middle East
We also talk about when we make these decisions , based on proximal stimuli , we need to be thinking longer term .
In the final chapters of the book , I talk about what some of these decisions facing us today might be : the applications of genetic technology , how we 're dealing with climate change and finding a mythos for the modern age that 's perhaps more inclusive than the mythos we have today .
So I talk about the rise of fundamentalism in the 20th Century as a reaction against some of the things which have gone on in the modern world .
PR : So what in your view are the main costs of the Neolithic revolution ?
SW : Diabetes , obesity , mental illness , climate change .
I talk a little in the book about genetic engineering - re-engineering ourselves and eugenics .
It 's the fact that we now have the tools to choose the genes for the next generation .
People will start to make decisions on that basis - what they want their children to look like genetically .
There is a company in California that early last year announced that it was going to test not only for medically relevant conditions but also hair colour , eye colour and genes which pre-dispose to lower or higher IQ .
It 's a can of worms that people have been talking about - but the future is happening now .
In a chapter of the book , I talk about Charlie Whitaker , a little boy who was born with a disorder known as Diamond Blackfan Anaemia .
It 's extremely rare - only a couple of dozen cases every given year in the UK .
He had a lifetime of blood transfusions - his body did n't make red blood cells properly .
The only way to treat it or to cure it is to give them a bone marrow transplant or a cord blood transplant from someone who matches .
But the bone marrow registries wo n't do that in the case of this illness .
They will only do that for terminal leukaemias and so on because the chance of success for an unrelated donor is only about 15 % .
Image caption
Is genetic screening in embryos the thin end of the wedge ?
But the chances with a sibling ( match ) rise to about 85 % .
So you can try to have another child that might be a match - but the chances of a match are 25 % .
Unfortunately , the Whitakers ' daughter was n't a match .
They said , we can go and test for this using pre-implantation genetic diagnosis .
We create a panel of embryos , choose the ones that are matches , implant a couple .
But the UK authorities said no - that they were creating a donor baby .
This opens up the possibility of testing for these other traits .
In the book , I sketch a scenario .
The average age of first birth for mothers in the developed world is increasing every year , so it was a little over 21 years old in the 1970s in the US .
It 's over 25 years now in the US .
It 's nearly 30 in some countries in Europe , such as Switzerland .
For well - educated people it 's often higher than that .
Many women are choosing to have IVF now , because they are getting pregnant at 35 , 36 , or in their 40s .
That 's a huge investment .
So if you had a way to snap the odds in your favour - if you knew if you could avoid giving them an APOE variant ( a protein gene , variants of which are implicated in a number of illnesses , including Alzheimer 's disease ) - would you choose to take that out of the embryo ?
I think many people probably would , and surveys tend to confirm things like that .
I think we are creating an environment where these technologies are going to be applied routinely in some strata of society .
And the question is :
Are we choosing the right genes ?
I talk about a study that was done on jazz musicians in the " bebop " period and was published in the British Journal of Psychiatry .
During what was arguably the most important period , over 80 % had serious mental disorders : manic depression , schizophrenia , alcoholism ...
Some of these had some genetic component , and the question is : Would you choose to remove these ?
Image caption
We live in an age of caloric excess , but will that last ?
If you do , how much of that creative spark are you removing at the same time ?
That 's the knife edge we 're walking on .
PR : Then , do you think genetic engineering of humans is inevitable ?
Are we now into management rather than prevention ?
SW : I think it is inevitable .
I think it is something we have always done .
I liken it to those simple decisions about growing crops and manipulating the genes of the crops to make them more efficient - produce more calories - that was done during the Neolithic .
PR : What does it mean to be well adapted to your environment today ?
Does that have any meaning ?
SW : There is a quote that I use at the beginning of the chapter on climate change .
It 's attributed to Darwin , though no one is really sure that he said it : " It 's not the strongest of the species that survives , nor the most intelligent , but the one that 's most adaptable to change " .
The idea is : we do n't know a priori what we 're going to need in our back pockets for the future .
And I think , deciding at this point in history what we can leave aside could be very dangerous .
It 's very difficult to say what being well adapted means in this era .
We should leave our options open .
I 'm not advocating that everyone goes back to a hunter - gatherer lifestyle .
But I think we should preserve this knowledge , allow the people who want to live in this way to go on doing so and respect them Spencer Wells
It 's the same danger we had with developing agriculture .
We do something for what seems like a very good reason at the time .
But there is this ancillary long - term baggage that comes along with it .
For instance , we live in an era of caloric excess .
And suppose we want our kids to be favoured with genes that allow them to metabolise very efficiently .
So they burn off all these calories - they can eat 10,000 calories a day and still be skinny , like a supermodel .
That 's fine .
But what if there is a food crisis in the future - as we are tending towards a global monoculture .
What if we have another " potato famine " and there is a restriction in calories .
What 's going to happen to those kids - are they well adapted anymore ?
Obviously not .
PR : And what if that happened ?
How would people in western societies fare now if we had to be more like hunter - gatherers again ?
SW : I think we'd be in trouble ( laughs ) .
I think I 'm probably romanticising hunter - gatherers somewhat in the book .
But I have spent time with these groups and there is this remarkable sense of calm and almost coming home after a few days .
And it 's because they utilise so much of what it is to be human .
So many different parts of the brain - their natural history knowledge is extraordinary .
Then there are the tracking skills , the hunting skills , the gathering skills , knowing where to find things at particular times of year .
Even though it looks like a desert , you know where to dig down and find a tuber that 's going to keep you alive for a few more days .
Image caption Few peoples follow a hunting lifestyle today
We 've lost all of that , and I think we 've lost a lot in the process .
We live in a very technological world , where everything 's available to us on Google .
But if we lost that ability to Google things and we had to go out and subsist for ourselves in a marginal environment , I do n't know that we'd be able to do it .
Once you lose it , it 's very difficult to get it back .
The Genographic Project ( of which Dr Wells is director ) has a legacy fund to help preserve this cultural diversity - it 's part of what makes us human .
I 'm not advocating that everyone goes back to a hunter - gatherer lifestyle .
But I think we should preserve this knowledge , allow the people who want to live in this way to go on doing so and respect them .
Simply because they are not growing crops , because they are not raising livestock , do n't have a formalised government or a formalised religion , it does n't mean they are primitive .
It 's just an adaptation to the environment they live in .
PR : On what trajectory do you think we are headed as a species ?
For example , can we sustain continued population growth into the near future ?
SW : The UN predicts that we 're not going to have as many people as they would have predicted 20 years ago by the middle of this century .
It 's probably going to stop around 9.2 -9.5 billion .
After that plateau I suspect it 's going to drop off .
The same way it 's happening in Japan and some European countries .
It 's part of the cycle of development .
So you go from subsistence to middle class , and then women become better educated and choose to have fewer children .
Then the population really starts to drop off .
This is a shift which I think is going to happen to our entire species this century .
All of these things are coming to a head now : this is an extraordinary time to be alive .
We 're dealing with climate change and we 're dealing with all these other effects .
But also we 're also dealing with this tremendous demographic shift , this huge inflection point unlike any our species has encountered since the near - extinction event 70,000 years ago .
We went through that last inflection point , and suddenly we 're doing it again in the opposite direction .
That alone is going to cause significant changes in human society .
The main one is that we can't rely on extracting additional resources and growing our way out of it .
We have to become more intelligent about how we utilise those resources ?
PR : Do you think that 's a realistic goal for humans ?
SW : I think it has to happen or we will end up destroying ourselves and the planet .
The planet will come back - the cockroaches will survive .
But the reason I call the book Pandora 's Seed is that Pandora unleashed all these plagues for humanity , but she saved hope in the box .
And I think there is hope .
Through all the crisis points in human history we have shown that we are capable of change .
And I think we are capable of change now ; we just have to see that there are real costs to what we 're doing .
Then we will be forced into action .
PR : The book focuses on the changes which came with the shift to agriculture ; but are there other , potentially game - changing , technologies which have the potential to transform human society ?
SW : Genetic engineering is a major one .
Engineering crops that grow in high salt conditions or need less fresh water is obviously a major issue for the future .
Most of the big agrotechnology companies have chosen not to focus on that until very recently .
They have chosen to focus on creating herbicide - resistant ( crops ) .
It 's a great business model , but not necessarily good for humanity as a whole .
But I think technologies like that will have to be applied in future .
Alternative energy - solar might be the ultimate solution , but I think nuclear options should also be examined .
The modern pebble - bed reactors are safer , and cheaper to build .
Dr Spencer Wells is explorer - in - residence at the National Geographic Society and director of the Genographic Project .
The themes explored in this interview are expanded in his book Pandora 's Seed : The Unforeseen Cost of Civilization .
He is a Rhodes professor at Cornell University in Ithaca , US .
# 922982 +( 3369 ) - [ X ] lemonlimeskull :
So I 'm sitting in Hardee 's ( Carl 's JR for anyone here one the west coast )
lemonlimeskull :
This huge African American dude sits across from me at the booth .
Plenty of tables around , of course , since this is Hardee's .
lemonlimeskull : Since I do n't usually have uninvited guests at fast food restaurants , I 'm naturally a bit put off while simultaniously wondering what the deal is .
lemonlimeskull :
The guy goes " Hey , man what you do for a living ? "
lemonlimeskull : I must 've looked really confused , but I manage to answer " Game designer ...
Why ? "
lemonlimeskull :
The guy sits there for a good thirty seconds , looking out the window over my shoulder .
lemonlimeskull :
Then he finally looks me straight on and says " Good , lemme ask you a question ... "
lemonlimeskull : " Why do n't Pacman wanna eat eyes ? "
lemonlimeskull : I just gave him this really quizzical look , then he gets up and leaves .
lemonlimeskull : After a few seconds of wondering wtf that was all about , I look out the window over my shoulder and see about five police cars slowly driving off into the distance .
lemonlimeskull :
The worst part is ...... WHY does n't Pacman wanna eat eyes ?!
AMISTOSO | ITALIA 1 - MÉXICO 2
El seleccionador mexicano , Javier Aguirre , ha reclamado hoy a sus jugadores que " pierdan el miedo al éxito " , tras cuajar un gran partido e imponerse a Italia por dos goles a uno en su último encuentro preparatorio para el Mundial .
En una rueda de prensa celebrada tras el partido , el técnico se mostró muy satisfecho por el juego desplegado por los suyos ante la escuadra " azzurra " , aunque destacó la necesidad de corregir aspectos como la definición de las ocasiones de gol y la defensa en las jugadas a balón parado .
" El partido nos lo complicamos solos por no definir antes , y por recibir otro gol a balón parado " , afirmó Aguirre , quien recordó que cuatro de los seis goles encajados por la selección en su gira por Europa fueron en este tipo de jugadas .
" Algo estamos haciendo mal o algo estamos dejando de hacer " , señaló el técnico .
Para Aguirre , el partido habría sido " redondo " de haber materializado otras de las ocasiones claras ante Buffon y de no haber encajado el gol de Bonucci en el tramo final del encuentro .
Entre las mayores virtudes de su equipo , destacó " la velocidad , la movilidad y la técnica individual " .
Aguirre quiso restar importancia al hecho de haberle ganado por primera vez a Italia , y añadió que " no habría que sacar de contexto " la victoria en un amistoso de cara a evaluar las aspiraciones de México para el Mundial .
A su juicio , " el resultado es lo que menos importa " , y lo fundamental es que sus jugadores " defiendan su estilo " y sean solidarios con sus compañeros .
En este sentido , señaló que su objetivo es inculcar " una enorme personalidad " al equipo para ganarle al rival , y , de este modo , lograr que se pierda " el miedo al éxito " .
La idea es " romper con cartabones , prejuicios y ciertos miedos " , subrayó Aguirre .
Además , recalcó que el rendimiento que su equipo ofreció hoy " no sirve de nada si no se traslada al día 11 " de junio , cuando México jugará el partido inaugural del campeonato ante Sudáfrica , la selección anfitriona .
" Ése es el verdaderamente importante " , dijo Aguirre , quien advirtió de que la selección tendrá que plantar cara a " otro rival , otro clima , otra presión y otro ambiente " .
Preguntado por sus planes para el mundial , dijo que " no tengo ninguna duda en ningún puesto " , aunque no quiso precisar si el once inicial que jugó hoy será el equipo titular para el Mundial .
The full text of the letter from Rep. Dennis Kucinich to President Obama follows the AFP story below
A US lawmaker called Friday for an independent probe into Israel ’s deadly raid on a Gaza - bound aid ship and called for Washington to impose diplomatic and financial “ consequences ” on its ally .
“ The US can begin by calling for an independent international inquiry of the Mavi Marmara incident .
The integrity of such inquiry necessitates that it not be led by the nation whose conduct is under scrutiny , ” Representative Dennis Kucinich said in a draft letter to President Barack Obama .
ADVERTISEMENT
The message , which Kucinich was circulating to colleagues for their signature before sending it to the White House , urges Obama to “ call Israel to an accounting for its conduct in planning and executing ” the raid .
“ The attack on the Mavi Marmara requires consequences ” for Israel ’s government , the Democrat said .
“ Those consequences must be dealt by the United States .
They must be diplomatic and they must be financial . ”
Israel has defended both its right to carry out the Monday raid and its punishing blockade of Gaza , which is ruled by the Islamist movement Hamas .
The group is blacklisted in Washington as a terrorist group .
Kucinich , who earlier this year introduced legislation calling for a full withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan , also called for Washington to “ begin to redefining its relationship ” with Israel .
“ No one questions the right of Israel to defend its border , but that defense does not extend to shooting innocent civilians anywhere in the world , anytime it pleases , ” said the lawmaker .
ADVERTISEMENT
Kucinich called the raid “ an act of belligerence against Turkey ” and warned it “ undermines ” US efforts in Iraq , which rely on Turkey granting access to key air bases on its soil .
The Ohio lawmaker noted that said Washington views Israel as “ our most important ally in the region , whose survival is a primary concern ” but that the Jewish state had failed to uphold its end of the bargain .
“ Israel owes the United States more than reckless , pre-meditated violence waged against innocent people , ” he charged .
ADVERTISEMENT
A spokesman for Kucinich said that , with the US Congress in recess this week , he would not be releasing how many lawmakers had signed on to the tough message , an unusually sharp criticism of Israel at a time when other lawmakers have pledged to stand by the US ally .
Turkey ’s ambassador to Washington , Namik Tan , expressed disappointment Friday that the United States had thus far failed to condemn Israel outright over the raid , which left nine pro-Palestinian activists dead .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ There is no word of condemnation at any level , ” he said , insisting “ the US should have been the first party to condemn . ”
The Honorable Barack Obama
President of the United States
The White House
Washington , DC 20500
Dear Mr. President ,
Israeli commandos , acting at the direction of the State of Israel , attacked and seized a Turkish ship in international waters , in the Mediterranean Sea .
ADVERTISEMENT
At least nine were killed in the incident aboard the Mavi Marmara .
Hundreds of civilians were taken into custody and goods were confiscated .
Since the United States considers Israel our most important ally in the region , whose survival is a of primary concern , it is incumbent upon the Commander in Chief to call Israel to an accounting for its conduct in planning and executing the deadly military attack in international waters upon a peaceful flotilla carrying citizens from over 50 countries .
The State of Israel ’s conduct , attacking a Turkish ship in international waters , constitutes an act of belligerence against Turkey , which at one time Israel considered an important ally .
It also undermines United StatesÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ troops efforts in Iraq , since your administration ’s efforts to achieve stability in the region and to withdraw troops from Iraq has depended upon Turkey ’s cooperation through use of its air bases .
In its violent commando raid on the Mavi Marmara , the government of Israel showed no concern as to how its conduct may affect the lives of defenseless , innocent people , its friends and allies , and in particular the United States .
The United States must remind Israel as well as all of our other friends and allies :
It is not acceptable to repeatedly violate international law .
It is not acceptable to shoot and kill innocent civilians .
ADVERTISEMENT
It is not acceptable to commit an act of aggression against another U.S. ally .
It is not acceptable to continue a blockade which denies humanitarian relief .
It is not acceptable to heighten tensions in a region while the United States continues to put so much blood and treasure on the line .
The State of Israel ’s action necessitates that the United States , which is Israel ’s partner in the region , begin to redefine its relationship and to establish such boundaries and conditions which are sufficient for mutual respect and cooperation .
ADVERTISEMENT
It is incumbent upon Israeli officials to bring forth the truth about the planning for and the attack upon the Mavi Marmara .
No one questions the right of Israel to defend its border , but that defense does not extend to shooting innocent civilians anywhere in the world , anytime it pleases .
Israel must account for our support , for the lives of our soldiers , for the investment of billions from our taxpayers .
Israel owes the United States more than reckless , pre-meditated violence waged against innocent people .
The attack on the Mavi Marmara requires consequences for the Netanyahu Administration and for the State of Israel .
Those consequences must be dealt by the United States .
They must be diplomatic and they must be financial .
The U.S. can begin by calling for an independent international inquiry of the Mavi Marmara incident .
The integrity of such inquiry necessitates that it not be led by the nation whose conduct is under scrutiny .
If our nation fails to act in any substantive way , the United States licenses the violence and we are complicit in it and our own citizens will be forced to pay the consequences .
We the undersigned deeply regret the loss of life .
We are also fully aware of the dangers to world security which exist in the region , which is why the United States has been unstinting it its defense of Israel .
We have a right to expect that Israel not add to those dangers with military conduct which all people of good will know is neither defensible nor moral .
There must be consequences for such conduct .
We await your response .
Friends of the family describe a traditional household with early American décor and the frequent aroma of Mrs.
Paul ’s chocolate chip cookies , if not fish sticks .
They have lived since July 4 , 1968 , in the same middle - class enclave of Lake Jackson , where the streets are named for trees , flowers and fauna ( the Pauls live on Blossom ) .
They owned a series of collies ( Julie , Kippy and Cricket ) and a Maltese ( Liberty ) , and the kids were expected , though not required , to feed the pooches , make their own beds , clear their own dishes from the table and not talk back to their elders .
As a member of Congress , Mr. Paul spent most of his time in Washington and , upon returning to Texas , often crisscrossed his sprawling district to attend political events .
At home , his children recall , he prized the solitude of his lawnmower .
Mrs. Paul was a stay - at - home mom , longtime Girl Scout troop leader and self - described “ busybody ” who prided herself on knowing exactly what everyone was doing .
If one of the children misbehaved , her husband did not spank or yell .
Instead , he sometimes gave them written assignments , Mrs. Paul said , explaining , “ He believed in exercising the brain . ”
Ron Paul said he was not philosophically opposed to centralized authority , as long as it existed close to home , or within it .
“ We did n’t say the kids could do anything they wanted , ” he said .
“ They were a very Brady Bunch - type American family , ” said Eric Dondero , a longtime former aide to Ron Paul .
“ As different as their politics are , their personal life was very normal . ”
A strong libertarian bent ran through the Paul brood , and there are no apparent outliers .
“ Once you learn about the broken monetary policy , there is no other way , ” said Ronnie Paul , a retired engineer at Dow Chemical in nearby Freeport .
“ We believe that stealing from people is not good , whether you ’re the government or whether you have a mask on your face . ”
Rand particularly absorbed the family ethic of exerting his free will .
Though never rebellious , he sometimes bristled at being given too many directions .
As a junior in high school , his mother recalled , he got a paper back from a geometry teacher that , while largely correct , was filled with what he considered to be unnecessary red marks .
He walked into the principal ’s office and asked to be moved into another class .
“ He and that teacher were not on the same wavelength , ” said Mrs. Paul , who added that she and her husband supported Rand ’s actions .
“ Rand was someone who took care of his own problems . ”
A passenger who photographed part of a plane that was wrapped with tape posted online what he had seen from the airplane window .
The photos soon became a sensation with many netizens , who questioned the quality of the tape and the safety of air travel .
Kunming Airlines , the owner of the plane , told Yunnan Information Daily yesterday that the tape is a special aluminum foil tape and is totally safe to use on aircraft .
" The tape is widely used for temporary maintenance before a plane arrives at the airport for further treatment , " said Li Wenzhao , deputy manager of the air company 's maintenance department .
" It wo n't cause any problem to flight safety , " he asserted .
However , many netizens say they will definitely leave a flight if they see a plane taped like this .
Kunming Airlines confirmed that the plane is a Boeing 737-700 that took off from Kunming on January 12 , 2010 and landed in Harbin .
In part , the neuroscience medicine goes down so smoothly because Lehrer introduces each concept with an arresting anecdote from a diverse array of fields : Tom Brady making a memorable pass in the 2002 Super Bowl ; a Stanford particle physicist nearly winning the World Series of Poker ; Al Haynes , the Sully of 1989 , making a remarkable crash landing of a jetliner whose hydraulic system had failed entirely .
The anecdotes are , without exception , well chosen and artfully told , but there is something in the structure of this kind of nonfiction writing that is starting to feel a little formulaic : startling mini-narrative , followed by an explanation of What the Science Can Teach Us , capped by a return to the original narrative with some crucial mystery unlocked .
( I say this as someone who has used the device in my own books . )
It may well be that this is simply the most effective way to convey these kinds of ideas to a lay audience .
But part of me hopes that a writer as gifted as Lehrer will help push us into some new formal technique in future efforts .
A book that promises to improve our decision - making , however , should be judged on more than its narrative devices .
The central question with one like “ How We Decide ” is , Do you get something out of it ?
It ’s fascinating to learn about the reward circuitry of the brain , but on some basic level , we know that we seek out rewards and feel depressed when we do n’t get them .
Learning that this process is modulated by the neurochemical dopamine does n’t , on the face of it , help us in our pursuit of those rewards .
But Lehrer ’s insights , fortunately , go well beyond the name - that - neurotransmitter trivia .
He ’s insightful and engaging on “ negativity bias ” and “ loss aversion ” : the propensity of the human brain to register bad news more strongly than good .
( Negativity bias , for instance , explains why in the average marital relationship it takes five compliments to make up for a single cutting remark . )
He has a wonderful section on creativity and working memory , which ends with the lovely epigram : “ From the perspective of the brain , new ideas are merely several old thoughts that occur at the exact same time . ”
For this reader , though , the most provocative sections of “ How We Decide ” involve sociopolitical issues more than personal ones .
A recurring theme is how certain innate bugs in our decision - ­making apparatus led to our current financial crisis .
We may be heavily “ loss averse , ” but only in the short run : a long list of experiments have shown that completely distinct parts of the brain are activated if the potential loss lies in the mid- or long - term future , making us more susceptible to the siren song of the LCD TV or McMansion .
So many of the financial schemes that led us astray over the past decade exploit precisely these defects in our decision - making tools .
“ Paying with plastic fundamentally changes the way we spend money , altering the calculus of our financial decisions , ” Lehrer writes .
“ When you buy something with cash , the purchase involves an actual loss — your wallet is literally lighter .
Credit cards , however , make the transaction abstract . ”
Proust may have been a neuroscientist , but so were the subprime mortgage lenders .
These are scientific insights that should be instructive to us as individuals , of course , but they also have great import to us as a society , as we think about the new forms of regulation that are going to have to be invented in the coming years to prevent another crisis .
“ How We Decide ” has one odd omission .
For a book that plumbs the mysteries of the emotional brain , it has almost nothing to say about the decisions that most of us would conventionally describe as “ emotional . ”
We hear about aviation heroism and poker strategies , and we hear numerous accounts of buying consumer goods .
But there ’s barely a mention of a whole class of choices that are suffused with emotion : whether to break up with a longstanding partner , or to scold a disobedient child , or to let an old friend know that you feel betrayed by something he ’s said .
For most of us , I suspect , these are the decisions that matter the most in our lives , and yet “ How We Decide ” is strangely silent about them .
Perhaps Jonah Lehrer will use his considerable talents to tackle these most human of decisions in another volume .
Until then , we ’ve still got ­“ Middlemarch . ”
" If God is not , everything is permitted . "
Or so they say .
Except they 're wrong .
Dangerously so .
This dictum - that without some absolute divine authority , then morality is at best arbitrary , at worst , annihilated - is unsheathed and bandied about all - too - often these days .
Recently , it 's reared its seditious head in response to the trial of an ethics - based complement to scripture in NSW .
The church has pulled out all the stops to block the ethics class , and one of the reasons posed is that ethics without God is hollow , that teaching secular ethics is like teaching English without books , maths without numbers , science without observation .
But the notion that God is required in order for morality to have any real clout is demonstrably false .
In fact , if you want a comprehensive , robust and flexible ethics that can address the problems we face today , then you need to explicitly look for a morality without God .
This is because the subject matter of morality is very much grounded in the real world : morality deals with real people , real issues and has to navigate real conflicts .
And the real world is a complicated place where not everything is as it seems .
One of our best tools for understanding the real world is the humble question " why . "
But often you have to ask " why " more than once to get to the answer .
Why is the bus late ?
Why did the driver not leave on time ?
Why was n't his bus ready for him at the depot ?
Why is the NSW government still in power ?
And so on .
To get to your answer , you need to be able to ask " why " as many times as necessary - at least until you exhaust all possible evidence ( as in the scientific process ) or all possible reason ( as in the philosophical process ) .
But religion stifles this process , with dangerous consequences .
This is because religion , by its very nature ( no pun intended ) , is grounded in the supernatural .
Its teachings hinge on belief in beings , forces or realms that cannot be seen , felt or known without resorting to faith .
This means that when trying to understand the world from a religious perspective , you can only ask " why " so many times before you hit the brick wall of the supernatural .
There 's a point where the answer to your last " why " is simply " because God / the Bible / the Space Fairies said so " .
And if you 're not happy with that answer , tough .
You just lack faith .
Unfortunately , when it comes to constructing a robust and reliable morality , the supernaturalist approach is horribly prone to error .
One belief held dogmatically on supernatural grounds can yield moral outcomes that end up causing untold harm , such as the Catholic prohibition on contraception , for but one example .
That 's not to say a secular approach is n't also prone to error .
But , the big difference - the difference that really counts - is that the secular approach is always open to scrutiny .
It always allows for others to ask " why " about any of its moral prescriptions .
And , as such , it is open to revision in light of new evidence or new arguments , and it 's more easily able to correct its errors .
The suggestion that we need some supernatural authority to compel us to obey the moral law - well , that 's also bunk .
This is because morality - whether it 's justified by reason , nature or the divine - is , and always has been , believed , doubted and argued by everyone .
Even the most dogmatic religion has experts - anointed or appointed - who debate the interpretation of the scriptures .
And practitioners of even the most dogmatic religions are known to stray from the path , only to be guided back , by carrot or stick , by their peers .
The same is true of secular morality .
The reason we behave morally is partly psychological , partly ideological and partly through desire for praise and fear of punishment .
Whether the ideology is backed up by some supernatural power makes no difference in practice to whether the morality is persuasive or not ; non-supernatural forces can be terribly persuasive , just ask Fergie .
Ultimately , the argument that ' without God , anything goes ' is just plain false .
There might be other reasons to question secular morality , or to support religion , but let it not be that morality requires God .
It does n't .
Morality will only be stronger and better able to deal with the pressing problems that we all face if it is free to question the world and itself .
That kind of ethics ought be taught in school .
To not do so would be , well , immoral .
Tim Dean is a science journalist and philosophy PhD student .
The schematic on the left shows the absorption of light by a light harvesting complex and the transport of the resulting excitation energy to the reaction center through the FMO protein .
On the right is a monomer of the FMO protein , showing also its orientation relative to the antenna and the reaction center .
The numbers label FMO 's seven pigment molecules .
Image from Mohan Sarovar
The future of clean green solar power may well hinge on scientists being able to unravel the mysteries of photosynthesis , the process by which green plants convert sunlight into electrochemical energy .
To this end , researchers with the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) 's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( Berkeley Lab ) and the University of California ( UC ) , Berkeley have recorded the first observation and characterization of a critical physical phenomenon behind photosynthesis known as quantum entanglement .
Previous experiments led by Graham Fleming , a physical chemist holding joint appointments with Berkeley Lab and UC Berkeley , pointed to quantum mechanical effects as the key to the ability of green plants , through photosynthesis , to almost instantaneously transfer solar energy from molecules in light harvesting complexes to molecules in electrochemical reaction centers .
Now a new collaborative team that includes Fleming have identified entanglement as a natural feature of these quantum effects .
When two quantum - sized particles , for example a pair of electrons , are " entangled , " any change to one will be instantly reflected in the other , no matter how far apart they might be .
Though physically separated , the two particles act as a single entity .
" This is the first study to show that entanglement , perhaps the most distinctive property of quantum mechanical systems , is present across an entire light harvesting complex , " says Mohan Sarovar , a post - doctoral researcher under UC Berkeley chemistry professor Birgitta Whaley at the Berkeley Center for Quantum Information and Computation .
" While there have been prior investigations of entanglement in toy systems that were motivated by biology , this is the first instance in which entanglement has been examined and quantified in a real biological system . "
The results of this study hold implications not only for the development of artificial photosynthesis systems as a renewable non-polluting source of electrical energy , but also for the future development of quantum - based technologies in areas such as computing - a quantum computer could perform certain operations thousands of times faster than any conventional computer .
" The lessons we 're learning about the quantum aspects of light harvesting in natural systems can be applied to the design of artificial photosynthetic systems that are even better , " Sarovar says .
" The organic structures in light harvesting complexes and their synthetic mimics could also serve as useful components of quantum computers or other quantum - enhanced devices , such as wires for the transfer of information . "
What may prove to be this study 's most significant revelation is that contrary to the popular scientific notion that entanglement is a fragile and exotic property , difficult to engineer and maintain , the Berkeley researchers have demonstrated that entanglement can exist and persist in the chaotic chemical complexity of a biological system .
" We present strong evidence for quantum entanglement in noisy non-equilibrium systems at high temperatures by determining the timescales and temperatures for which entanglement is observable in a protein structure that is central to photosynthesis in certain bacteria , " Sarovar says .
Sarovar is a co-author with Fleming and Whaley of a paper describing this research that appears on - line in the journal Nature Physics titled " Quantum entanglement in photosynthetic light - harvesting complexes . "
Also co-authoring this paper was Akihito Ishizaki in Fleming 's research group .
Green plants and certain bacteria are able to transfer the energy harvested from sunlight through a network of light harvesting pigment - protein complexes and into reaction centers with nearly 100 - percent efficiency .
Speed is the key - the transfer of the solar energy takes place so fast that little energy is wasted as heat .
In 2007 , Fleming and his research group reported the first direct evidence that this essentially instantaneous energy transfer was made possible by a remarkably long - lived , wavelike electronic quantum coherence .
Using electronic spectroscopy measurements made on a femtosecond ( millionths of a billionth of a second ) time - scale , Fleming and his group discovered the existence of " quantum beating " signals , coherent electronic oscillations in both donor and acceptor molecules .
These oscillations are generated by the excitation energy from captured solar photons , like the waves formed when stones are tossed into a pond .
The wavelike quality of the oscillations enables them to simultaneously sample all the potential energy transfer pathways in the photosynthetic system and choose the most efficient .
Subsequent studies by Fleming and his group identified a closely packed pigment - protein complex in the light harvesting portion of the photosynthetic system as the source of coherent oscillations .
" Our results suggested that correlated protein environments surrounding pigment molecules ( such as chlorophyll ) preserve quantum coherence in photosynthetic complexes , allowing the excitation energy to move coherently in space , which in turn enables highly efficient energy harvesting and trapping in photosynthesis , " Fleming says .
In this new study , a reliable model of light harvesting dynamics developed by Ishizaki and Fleming was combined with the quantum information research of Whaley and Sarovar to show that quantum entanglement emerges as the quantum coherence in photosynthesis systems evolves .
The focus of their study was the Fenna - Matthews - Olson ( FMO ) photosynthetic light - harvesting protein , a molecular complex found in green sulfur bacteria that is considered a model system for studying photosynthetic energy transfer because it consists of only seven pigment molecules whose chemistry has been well characterized .
" We found numerical evidence for the existence of entanglement in the FMO complex that persisted over picosecond timescales , essentially until the excitation energy was trapped by the reaction center , " Sarovar says .
" This is remarkable in a biological or disordered system at physiological temperatures , and illustrates that non-equilibrium multipartite entanglement can exist for relatively long times , even in highly decoherent environments . "
The research team also found that entanglement persisted across distances of about 30 angstroms ( one angstrom is the diameter of a hydrogen atom ) , but this length - scale was viewed as a product of the relatively small size of the FMO complex , rather than a limitation of the effect itself .
" We expect that long - lived , non-equilibrium entanglement will also be present in larger light harvesting antenna complexes , such as LH1 and LH2 , and that in such larger light harvesting complexes it may also be possible to create and support multiple excitations in order to access a richer variety of entangled states , " says Sarovar .
The research team was surprised to see that significant entanglement persisted between molecules in the light harvesting complex that were not strongly coupled ( connected ) through their electronic and vibrational states .
They were also surprised to see how little impact temperature had on the degree of entanglement .
" In the field of quantum information , temperature is usually considered very deleterious to quantum properties such as entanglement , " Sarovar says .
" But in systems such as light harvesting complexes , we see that entanglement can be relatively immune to the effects of increased temperature . "
Explore further Scientists find quantum mechanics at work in photosynthesis
It is the first time GMP has been able to match fingerprint detail of a suspect to an image taken on a mobile phone in such a way .
It took less than an hour to match the photograph to Taylor from when work began to enhance and flip it , police added .
A water - intensive industry , whisky — the word is derived from the Gaelic for “ water of life ” — is inevitably sensitive to rising environmental pressures and legislative changes .
The E.U. adopted a legal framework a decade ago to manage , protect and restore water resources in Europe .
The Water Framework Directive , which called for water charges to be levied to protect the environment , was initially fiercely opposed by the Scotch whisky industry on cost grounds .
But in April 2006 , Scottish legislation , tailored to take account of the industry ’s needs , took effect as the Water Environment ( Controlled Activities ) ( Scotland ) Regulation 2005 .
This is now the principal tool used by the Scottish Environment Protection Agency to control water use at distilleries , including the abstraction of water , impoundment of water , discharge of effluent and river engineering .
A distiller now needs a license for abstraction — the removal of water from a surface or groundwater source — even if it is from its own private sources .
It also has to pay the costs of regulation , in proportion to the amount of water that it extracts .
Even the way that water is returned to the environment is now more controlled under the Europe - inspired regulation .
In December , the Scottish Environment Protection Agency and the Scottish government published a river basin management plan , setting out a long - term program for achieving and maintaining good water quality .
David Williamson of the Scotch Whisky Association , which represents 95 percent of the industry ’s output , said the report had found that water bodies in most whisky - producing areas already met a “ good status ” level .
“ We are committed to working to ensure that good record continues , ” Mr. Williamson wrote in an e-mail message .
Energy efficiency is another concern .
A year ago , the industry pledged to cut its use of fossil fuels by 80 percent over the next 40 years , estimating that more than 750,000 tons of carbon dioxide would be saved by 2050 .
Andy Rosie , of the environment protection agency , said that under existing pollution control regulations , cooling water returned to the environment from distilleries is subject to licensing and temperature monitoring , on the basis of which the distilleries pay a so - called “ subsistence ” fee .
The Standard Model .
Image credit : AAAS
( PhysOrg.com ) --
Recent research in the US suggests there may be five versions of the theorized Higgs boson .
The Higgs was dubbed the " God particle " by Nobel laureate Leon Lederman because its discovery could unify our understanding of the universe and help us “ know the mind of God ” .
The Higgs is extremely important to the accepted theory of physics , known as the “ Standard Model ” , which was developed in the 1970s to incorporate everything known at the time about interactions between sub-atomic particles .
The Higgs boson is thought to be the sub-atomic particle that mediates the force through which all other sub-atomic particles acquire their mass .
Scientists have been trying for five decades to detect the Higgs boson , but have so far failed .
Now theoretical physicist Adam Martin and colleagues at the Fermilab ’s Tevatron particle accelerator near Chicago in Illinois in the US have analyzed results from the DZero experiment and suggest there may be multiple versions of the Higgs boson .
The DZero experiment set up and observed collisions protons and anti-protons and was designed to examine the reason why the world is composed of normal matter rather than its opposite : anti-matter .
They found the collisions resulted in pairs of muons one percent more often than anti-muon particles .
The asymmetry could explain why matter has come to dominate over anti-matter , rather than the two annihilating each other .
This effect , called CP violation , had been seen before but not to the same degree as seen in DZero , and the degree of asymmetry found in the latest results is greater than can be accounted for by the Standard Model .
The researchers said the results could be explained by the existence of five Higgs boson particles with similar masses , with one having a negative electric charge , one negative and three neutral .
The theory is called the two - Higgs doublet model .
The two - Higgs doublet model is not the only possible explanation for the results , but Dr Martin said fitting a new effect in the Standard Model without disrupting its fit with other tests is difficult .
The Standard Model accommodates only one Higgs doublet , and while scientists think of the Higgs as a single particle , Dr Martin said it “ actually comes in a package of four ” .
Only one is seen because the other three are seen as W and Z bosons .
Adding another Higgs doublet adds four more particles .
Many physicists have come to regard the Standard Model as incomplete since it does not explain gravity or describe dark matter .
An extension to the Standard Model , known as “ supersymmetry , ” proposes that each particle has a more massive “ shadow ” partner particle , effectively doubling the number of known particles .
Such a scheme could accommodate the two - Higgs doublet model .
So far no experimental evidence has been found for the existence of the “ shadow ” particles .
The search for the Higgs boson is one of the main aims of the Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) near Geneva in Switzerland .
The facility , the world ’s largest particle accelerator , could also find experimental evidence for supersymmetry .
The results of the US research is published at arXiv.org .
Explore further
The hunt for the Higgs steps up a gear
More information : Bogdan A. Dobrescu , Patrick J. Fox , Adam Martin : CP violation in B_s mixing from heavy Higgs exchange , arXiv:1005.4238 , Bogdan A. Dobrescu , Patrick J. Fox , Adam Martin : CP violation in B_s mixing from heavy Higgs exchange , arXiv:1005.4238 , arxiv.org/abs/1005.4238
© 2010 PhysOrg.com
That head - to - head matchup with Gary Bettman on Wednesday ?
It was nothing compared to Ron MacLean 's lunch on Thursday .
A day after he battled the NHL commissioner on Hockey Night in Canada , MacLean sprang from his seat while having lunch with Don Cherry to help rescue a man attempting suicide in the Delaware River in Philadelphia .
" A woman with a heavy French accent comes through the patio doors , and she 's all panic - stricken and saying , ' Help !
Help !
There 's a man in the water ! ' "
MacLean told Jeff Marek of Hockey Night in Canada Radio .
The woman 's husband had already jumped into the river to try to save the man , who was bound with yellow rope and had tape around his mouth .
" So I get up and I can see that her husband 's jumping into the river , he 's stripped down , just in his underwear , and he 's jumping into the Delaware River , " MacLean said .
MacLean grabbed a red velvet rope used as a divider in the restaurant , leaped over the wrought - iron railing around the patio and raced to help .
And what was Cherry doing at the time ?
" Supervising , " MacLean said .
" He was just overseeing to make sure everything was OK .
We knew this guy was n't going to drown at this point .
" I kind of hop over the rail and jump down to help this guy that 's already in the water with the man who is taking his life , as it turns out . "
The rescuer in underwear who had plunged into the river managed to get the bound - up man onto a raft and pulled him towards the shore .
Then MacLean grabbed the victim by one arm , handed the rope to a hotel employee and the three rescuers pulled the man to shore and safety .
" It was an unbelievable scene , " MacLean said .
" So I get back to the table , Grapes sits down and says , ' Well that 's just great .
I 'm telling a wonderful story about Dave Bolland , enjoying a nice lunch and you go running down to the river .
" What is this ? "
MacLean and his HNIC co-host were having lunch after shooting introductions for Cherry 's Rock 'em Sock 'em Hockey video No. 22 , coming out next winter .
MacLean admitted the rescue put the battle with Bettman into perspective .
" Gary and I do n't have it all that bad as I sit here moaning about it , " he said .
" It was fight or flight , for sure and after [ interviewing ]
Gary , it seemed like the easiest thing to do — go jump in a river . "
MacLean emphasized , however , that he 's not the hero of the story .
" The real hero was the first guy , who arrived first , " MacLean said .
" I wish I had his name .
He kind of rushed off quickly because he was sort of half naked . "
The San Fermin bull - running festival in Pamplona kicks off with the chupinazo , a wine - soaked party
Tens of thousands of Spaniards and foreigners jammed a historic city plaza in Pamplona and sprayed each other with wine as a firecracker rocket blasted off to launch the famed San Fermin bull - running festival .
The nine - day street drinking party got under way at midday with the traditional shout from the city hall balcony of " Viva San Fermin ! , " followed seconds later by the firing of the firecracker known as the chupinazo .
The government can prosecute private citizens for giving advice to a foreign organization - on how to negotiate peace or take its case to the United Nations , for example - if the group is on the U.S. terrorist list , the Supreme Court ruled Monday .
In the most important foreign policy and civil liberties case of their 2009 - 10 term , the justices ruled 6 - 3 that a law prohibiting " material support " of foreign terrorist organizations can be used against people who claim to be providing only peaceful , humanitarian assistance .
Any tangible support - money , legal aid or political advice - " frees up other resources within the organization that may be put to violent ends , " Chief Justice John Roberts said in the majority opinion .
" It also importantly helps lend legitimacy to foreign terrorist groups - legitimacy that makes it easier for those groups to persist , to recruit members , and to raise funds - all of which facilitate more terrorist attacks , " Roberts said .
Dissenting Justice Stephen Breyer protested that the majority 's interpretation " would deny First Amendment protection to the peaceful teaching of international human rights law , " on the grounds that it might enable terrorists to conduct sham negotiations .
Those who intend to aid terrorism should be prosecuted , but any broader use of the law would violate free speech , argued Breyer , whose dissent was joined by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor .
The majority included liberal Justice John Paul Stevens as well as the court 's conservatives - Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia , Anthony Kennedy , Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito .
Furious debate
The ruling touched off a furious debate over the government 's power to prevent dissidents from helping blacklisted organizations .
The ban on " material support " for foreign terrorists was signed into law by President Bill Clinton in 1996 and was expanded in the USA Patriot Act that President George W. Bush signed in 2001 .
Under Monday 's decision , " human rights advocates , providing training and assistance in the nonviolent resolution of disputes , can be prosecuted as terrorists , " said David Cole , lawyer for organizations and individuals who challenged the law .
The plaintiffs sought to train members of two groups on the State Department 's terrorist list - the Kurdish Workers Party in Turkey and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam in Sri Lanka - in peaceful conflict resolution and advocacy before the United Nations .
Those forms of assistance to such " deadly groups " could lead to prosecution , the court said Monday , while insisting it was not restricting free speech .
" Plaintiffs may say anything they wish " on their own behalf , Roberts said .
Carter concerned
Civil liberties advocates said they also feared repercussions for U.S. - based critics of the Israeli government , who might be charged with aiding Hamas , which Washington has designated as a terrorist group .
One such critic is former President Jimmy Carter , whose private Mideast diplomatic efforts have included contact with Hamas .
The ruling " threatens our work and the work of many other peacemaking organizations that must interact directly with groups that have engaged in violence , " said Carter , whose organization filed arguments with the court .
On the other side , Annemarie McAvoy , a Fordham law professor and former federal prosecutor , said the court recognized the " reality factor " of a world in which groups such as al Qaeda thrive on aid funneled through charities .
" By helping the terrorists , even tangentially , they 're freeing up the terrorists to focus on other things , such as violent attacks , " McAvoy said .
During arguments in February , Solicitor General Elena Kagan , now President Obama 's nominee to the court , defended the law and urged a broad interpretation that would allow prosecution of a U.S. citizen who filed a legal brief on behalf of a terrorist organization .
" What Congress decided , " Kagan told the court , " is that when you help Hezbollah build homes , you are also helping Hezbollah build bombs . "
Ruby [ about ]
What is Ruby ?
Syntax
#-> this is a string #{var}
produces : Double quoted here document .
Sum = 124
This is single quoted .
The above used # {a + 1}
document here , here document , HereDoc
# swap the values in two variables
# assigns each element of the array returned to the variables ( See parallel assignment , below )
# Really a return of an array .
#creates only writable member of class
# you could write the following to process the lines in a file .
# Ruby treats nil as a false value in conditions ,
Boolean Expressions
Bitwise Operators [ bit by bit operations , bits level operations , working with bits ]
Symbols [ : , symbol ]
# instead of
# so it can not be used everywhere
symbol to integer , symbol to number
: " , .to_sym , string 2 symbol , string to symbol , to symbol , to_sym
Variables
Array class [ Array , Array class , arrays , list , rray ]
all ? , any ?
all ? , any ? , logical iterators
. last , array last , last item , last n elements , last n items
. first , array first , first n
.each , array each
. delete_at , array delete element , array delete_at , delete at , delete by index , delete element from array
. delete , array delete , array delete elements , array elements deletion , delete all , delete by content match , delete from array
# prints : a , b , c , a , b , c
# prints : a , b , c , a , b , c , ... ( forever )
#-> [ ] # no combinations of length 5
#-> [ [ ] ]
# one combination of length 0
# here multiple copies are created
# only one copy of the object is created
# set the third element
#-> 1 access the first element
# create array with three elements
Hashes [ Hash , hsh ]
produces : prog.rb:2:in `fetch ' : key not found ( IndexError ) from prog.rb :
2
produces : a is 100 b is 200
.each , each hash , each hsh
Ranges [ Range ]
produces : first second third eighth ninth
Blocks and Iterators
# the file when it returns
# If there 's a block , pass in the file and close
produces : Start of method
In the block In the block End of method
# santa objects are called , its value is still available to the closures .
# Even though the parameter “ n ” is out of scope when the double and
# shows this in action .
# which is passed to the block as a parameter .
The following code
# The block multiplies the method ’s parameter , “ n ” , by another value ,
#-> will raise an exeption " wrong number of arguments ( 2 for 3 ) ( ArgumentError ) "
return from blocks , returning in blocks
#-->" Hello Hello Hello "
# produces :
This is line one
This is line two This is line three And so on ...
# and calculate next
# invoke block with passing value
Control Structures
else if , elseif
Loops [ cycle ]
produces : second third
cycle , for in , for - in , forin , loop
cycle , each_with_index , for in , for - in , forin , loop
# substitute stuff in backticks and try again
produces : third fourth fifth
produces : prog.rb:4 : undefined local variable or method `x ' for main : Object ( NameError )
Classes , Modules , Mixins , and Multiple Inheritance
class name , class of variable , get class , object class , variable class
produces :
This is a sample documentation string
And this is a documentation string in a module
# ('< = ' for classes checks for same class or subtype )
# If we 're passed a class or module , convert to string
#include it into another file :
# in some third program
# ... and so on
# and this will be ' public '
# subsequent methods will be ' =public '
# will be ' private '
# subsequent methods will be ' =private '
# will be ' protected '
# subsequent methods will be ' =protected '
# the object ’s attribute never got updated .
This can be a tricky bug to
# so Ruby stored the new value in a local variable of method volume= ;
# We forgot to put “ self . ” in front of the assignment to left_channel ,
# class without a receiver .
This is because class is also a keyword in Ruby
# we could not call the method
#->
" Got one and two , three "
#->
" Got one and two "
#->
" Got one and "
# def [ ] invokes by songObj [ 7 ] with 7 as parametr
Module
produces : Picky added to Array Can't add Picky to a String
Object
#-> " Hello from Mod .
"
#-> " Hello from Klass .
"
produces : prog.rb:4:in ` [ ]=' : can't modify frozen string ( TypeError ) from prog.rb :
4
# prevent modifications to the object
produces : prog.rb:3:in '< <' : ca n't modify frozen array ( TypeError ) from prog.rb:
3
Numeric
Integer [ Fixnum ]
Float
Bignum
String class [ String , strings , working with strings ]
# , Substitutions " ...# {expr } ...#$ globalExp...#@classExp...#@@const ... "
Double - quoted strings support a boatload more escape sequences .
The most common is probably
, the newline character .
In addition , you can substitute the value of any Ruby code into a string using the sequence #{expr} .
If the code is just a global variable , a class variable , or an instance variable , you can omit the braces .
Substitutesr = ' E ' $ glob = ' G ' @inst = ' I ' @@const = ' C ' puts " ...#{r}...#{1+2}...#$glob...#@inst...#@@const... " produces : " ... E...3... G...I...C... "
Substitutes " Seconds/ day : #{24*60*60} " #->
Seconds / day : 86400 " #{' Ho ! '* 3} Merry Christmas ! " #->
Ho !
Ho !
Ho !
Merry Christmas !
" This is line # $ . " #->
This is line 3 puts " now is # { def the (a ) ' the ' + a end the ( ' time ' ) } for all good coders ... " produces : now is the time for all good coders ...
quoting , single - quoted %q and %Q Start delimited single - and double - quoted strings ( you can think of %q as a thin quote ' , and % Q as a thick quote " ) .
–
The character following the q or Q is the delimiter .
If it is an opening bracket " [ " , brace " { " , parenthesis " ( " , or less - than sign " < " , the string is read until the matching close symbol is found .
Otherwise the string is read until the next occurrence of the same delimiter .
–
The delimiter can be any nonalphanumeric or nonmultibyte character .
Quoting%q/ general ' singlequoted - string '/ #-> general ' singlequoted - string ' % Q! general " doublequoted - string " !
#-> general " doublequoted - string " % Q{Seconds / day : #{24*60*60}} #->
Seconds / day : 86400
About string Ruby strings are simply sequences of 8 - bit bytes .
They normally hold printable characters , but that is not a requirement ; a string can also hold binary data .
Strings are objects of class String .
escaping escape using " \ " 'escape using " \\ " ' #-> escape using " \ " ' That \'s right ' #->
That 's right
usingline = " / jazz/j00319.mp3 | 2:58 | Louis Armstrong | Wonderful World " file , length , name , title = line.chomp.split(/\s*\|\s*/) name.squeeze ! ( " " ) # removing extra spaces mins , secs = length.scan(/\d+/) puts " #{name} - #{title} ( #{mins.to_i*60+secs.to_i} ) " produces : Louis Armstrong - Wonderful World ( 178 )
mixins Comparable : < , <= , == , >= , > , between ?
Enumerable : collect , detect , each_with_index , entries , find , find_all , grep , include ? , map , max , member ? , min , reject , select , sort , to_a
str % arg → String Format
Uses str as a format specification , and returns the result of applying it to arg .
–
If the format specification contains more than one substitution , then arg must be an Array containing the values to be substituted .
– See Kernel.sprintf for details of the format string .
usage " %05d " % 123 #-> " 00123 " " %- 5s : %08 x " % [ " ID " , self.id ] #-> " ID : 200e1670 "
str * Integer → String Copy Returns a new String containing Integer copies of the receiver .
sample " Ho ! " * 3 #-> " Ho ! Ho !
Ho ! "
str + String → NewString Concatenation Returns a new String containing String concatenated to str .
sample " Hello from " + self.to_s #->
" Hello from main "
str << Fixnum → str
str << Object → str
synonyms
str.concat( Fixnum ) → str
str. concat ( Object ) → str Append Concatenates the given object to str .
If the object is a Fixnum between 0 and 255 , it is converted to a character before concatenation .
samplea = " hello " a << " world " #-> " hello world " a << 33 #-> " hello world ! " a #-> " hello world ! "
str <=>
String → - 1 , 0 , +1 Comparison Returns - 1 if str is less than , 0 if str is equal to , and +1 if str is greater than String .
–
If the strings are of different lengths , and the strings are equal when compared up to the shortest length , then the longer string is considered greater than the shorter one .
–
If the variable $= is false , the comparison is based on comparing the binary values of each character in the string .
–
If $= is not false , then the comparison is case insensitive .
[ The locale is ignored when case - insensitive comparisons are performed , so " \" o " will not match " \ " O " . ] – < = > is the basis for the methods < , <= , > , >= , and between ? , included from module Comparable .
sample " abcdef " < => " abcde " #-> 1 " abcdef " < => " abcdef " #-> 0 " abcdef " < => " abcdefg " #-> - 1 " abcdef " <=> " ABCDEF " #-> 1 $= = true " abcdef " < => " ABCDEF " #-> 0
str == Object → true or false
str === Object → true or false ( Synonym ) Equality – If Object is not a String , returns false .
Otherwise , returns true if str <= >
Object returns zero . –
The method String.== does not use Comparable .==
str =~ Object → Fixnum or nil Match – If Object is a Regexp or a String , uses it as a pattern to match against str . – Returns the position the match starts , or nil if there is no match .
– Otherwise , invokes Object.=~ , passing str as an argument .
–
The default =~ in Object returns false .
sample " cat o' 9 tails " =~ " \\d " #-> 7 " cat o' 9 tails " =~ /\d/ #-> 7 " cat o' 9 tails " =~ 9 #-> false
[ ] , substring str [ Fixnum ] → Fixnum or nil
str [ Fixnum , Fixnum ] →
String or nil
str [ Range ] →
String or nil
str [ Regexp ] → String or nil
str [ String ] → String or nil Element Reference –
If passed a single Fixnum , returns the code of the character at that position .
–
If passed two Fixnum objects , returns a substring starting at the offset given by the first , and a length given by the second .
–
If given a range , a substring containing characters at offsets given by the range is returned .
–
In all three cases , if an offset is negative , it is counted from the end of str .
– Returns nil if the initial offset falls outside the string , the length is negative , or the beginning of the range is greater than the end .
–
If a Regexp is supplied , the matching portion of str is returned .
–
If a String is given , that string is returned if it occurs in str . –
In both cases , nil is returned if there is no match .
samplesa = " hello there " a [ 1 ]
#-> 101 a [ 1,3 ] #-> " ell " a [ 1..3 ] #-> " ell " a [ - 3,2 ] #-> " er " a [ - 4.. - 2 ] #-> " her " a [ - 2.. - 4 ] #-> nil a [ / th[ aeiou ]/] #-> " the " a [ " lo " ] #-> " lo " a [ " bye " ]
#-> nil
str [ Fixnum ] = Fixnum
str [ Fixnum ] = String
str [ Fixnum , Fixnum ] = String
str [ Range ] = String
str [ Regexp ] = String
str [ String ] = String Element Assignment – Replaces some or all of the content of str . –
The portion of the string affected is determined using the same criteria as String . [ ]
–
If the replacement string is not the same length as the text it is replacing , the string will be adjusted accordingly .
–
The forms that take a Fixnum will raise an IndexError if the value is out of range ; the Range form will raise a RangeError , and the Regexp and String forms will silently ignore the assignment .
samplesa = " hello " ; a [ 2 ] = 96 ; a #-> " he`lo " a = " hello " ; a [ 2 , 4 ] = " xyz " ; a #-> " hexyz " a = " hello " ; a [ - 4 , 2 ] = " xyz " ; a #-> " hxyzlo " a = " hello " ; a [ 2..4 ] = " xyz " ; a #-> " hexyz " a = " hello " ; a [ - 4.. - 2 ] = " xyz " ; a #-> " hxyzo " a = " hello " ; a[ / [el ] +/ ] = " xyz " ; a #-> " hxyzo " a = " hello " ; a [ " l " ] = " xyz " ; a #-> " hexyzlo " a = " hello " ; a [ " ll " ] = " xyz " ; a #-> " hexyzo " a = " hello " ; a [ " bad " ] = " xyz " ; a #-> " hello " a = " hello " ; a [ 2 , 0 ] = " xyz " ; a #-> " hexyzllo "
String functions in Ruby String methods Source : ellho.net/solutions/ruby-string-functions-in-ruby.html
To change case : capitalize - first character to upper , rest to lower downcase - all to lower case swapcase - changes the case of all letters upcase - all to upper case
To rejustify : center - add white space padding to center string ljust - pads string , left justified rjust - pads string , right justified To trim : chop - remove last character chomp - remove trailing line separators squeeze - reduces successive equal characters to singles strip - deletes leading and trailing white space
To examine : count - return a count of matches empty ?
- returns true if empty include ?
- is a specified target string present in the source ?
index - return the position of one string in another length or size - return the length of a string rindex - returns the last position of one string in another slice - returns a partial string
To encode and alter : crypt - password encryption delete - delete an intersection dump - adds extra \ characters to escape specials hex - takes string as hex digits and returns number next or succ - successive or next string ( eg ba → bb ) oct - take string as octal digits and returns number replace - replace one string with another reverse - turns the string around slice !
- DELETES a partial string and returns the part deleted split - returns an array of partial strings exploded at separator sum - returns a checksum of the string to_f and to_i - return string converted to float and integer tr - to map all occurrences of specified char(s ) to other char(s ) tr_s - as tr , then squeeze out resultant duplicates unpack - to extract from a string into an array using a template
To iterate : each - process each character in turn each_line - process each line in a string each_byte - process each byte in turn upto - iterate through successive strings ( see " next " above )
str.slice ( Fixnum ) →
Fixnum or nil
str. slice ( Fixnum , Fixnum ) →
String or nil
str. slice ( Range ) →
String or nil
str. slice ( Regexp ) →
String or nil
str. slice ( String ) → String or nil Synonyms for str [ ]
slicea = " hello there " a.slice (1 ) #-> 101 a.slice ( 1,3 ) #-> " ell " a.slice ( 1..3 ) #-> " ell " a.slice ( - 3,2 ) #-> " er " a.slice ( - 4.. - 2 ) #-> " her " a.slice ( - 2.. - 4 ) #-> nil a.slice ( / th[ aeiou ] /) #-> " the " a.slice ( " lo " ) #-> " lo " a.slice ( " bye " ) #-> nil
str.slice !( Fixnum ) →
Fixnum or nil
str. slice !
( Fixnum , Fixnum ) →
String or nil
str. slice !
( Range ) →
String or nil
str. slice !
( Regexp ) →
String or nil
str. slice !
( String ) →
String or nil Deletes the specified portion from str , and returns the portion deleted .
–
The forms that take a Fixnum will raise an IndexError if the value is out of range ; the Range form will raise a RangeError , and the Regexp and String forms will silently ignore the assignment .
slice ! string = " this is a string " string .
slice !
( 2 ) #-> 105 string.slice !( 3..6 ) #-> " is " string.slice !(/s.*t/) #-> " sa st " string . slice ! ( " r " ) #-> " r " string #-> " thing "
first uppercase , upper first str.capitalize → String Returns a copy of str with the first character converted to uppercase and the remainder to lowercase .
str.capitalize !
→ str or nil Modifies str by converting the first character to uppercase and the remainder to lowercase .
– Returns nil if no changes are made .
capitalize " hello" .capitalize #->
" Hello " " HELLO " .capitalize #-> " Hello " " 123ABC " .capitalize #-> " 123abc "
capitalize !a = " hello " a.capitalize ! #-> " Hello " a #->
" Hello " a.capitalize ! #-> nil
str.downcase → String Returns a copy of str with all uppercase letters replaced with their lowercase counterparts .
–
The operation is locale insensitive – Only characters " A " to " Z " are affected .
str.downcase !
→ str or nil Downcases the contents of str , returning nil if no changes were made .
downcase " hEllO " .downcase #-> " hello "
to uppercase str.upcase → String Returns a copy of str with all lowercase letters replaced with their uppercase counterparts .
–
The operation is locale insensitive – Only characters " a " to " z " are affected .
str.upcase !
→ str or nil Upcases the contents of str , returning nil if no changes were made .
upcase " hEllO " .upcase #-> " HELLO "
str.center ( Integer ) →
String If Integer is greater than the length of str – returns a new String of length Integer with str centered between spaces – otherwise , returns str .
center " hello " .center ( 4 ) #-> " hello " " hello" .center ( 20 ) #-> " hello "
str.ljust ( Integer ) →
String If Integer is greater than the length of str , returns a new String of length Integer with str left justified and space padded ; otherwise , returns str .
ljust " hello" .ljust
(4 ) #-> " hello " " hello " .ljust ( 20 ) #->
" hello "
str.rjust ( Integer ) →
String If Integer is greater than the length of str , returns a new String of length Integer with str right justified and space padded ; otherwise , returns str .
rjust " hello" .rjust
( 4 ) #-> " hello " " hello " .rjust ( 20 ) #-> " hello "
str.dump → String Produces a version of str with all nonprinting characters replaced by
nn notation and all special characters escaped .
str.crypt( String ) → String Applies a one - way cryptographic hash to str by invoking the standard library function crypt .
–
The argument is the salt string , which should be two characters long , each character drawn from [ a - zA - Z0 - 9 . / ] .
~str → Fixnum or nil Equivalent to $ _ =~ str
indexOf str.index ( String [ , Offset ] ) → Fixnum or nil
str. index ( Fixnum [ , Offset ] ) → Fixnum or nil
str. index ( Regexp [ , Offset ] ) →
Fixnum or nil Returns the index of the first occurrence of the given substring , character , or pattern in str .
Returns nil if not found .
If the second parameter is present , it specifies the position in the string to begin the search .
index " Ruby " .index ( " Ru " ) #-> 0 " Ruby " .index ( " r " ) #-> nil " Ruby " .index ( 117 ) #-> 1 " Ruby " .index ( " b " ) #-> 2 " Ruby " .index (/.$ / , 3 ) #-> 3 " Ruby " .index (/.$ / , 4 ) #-> nil
str.rindex ( String [ , Fixnum ] ) → Fixnum or nil
str. rindex ( Fixnum [ , Fixnum ] ) → Fixnum or nil
str. rindex ( Regexp [ , Fixnum ] ) →
Fixnum or nil Returns the index of the last occurrence of the given substring , character , or pattern in str . – Returns nil if not found .
–
If the second parameter is present , it specifies the position in the string to end the search characters beyond this point will not be considered .
rindex " hello " .rindex ( 'e ' )
#-> 1 " hello " .rindex ('l ' ) #-> 3 " hello " .rindex ( 'a ' ) #-> nil " hello" .rindex ( 101 ) #-> 1 " hello " .rindex (/[ aeiou ] / , -2 ) #-> 1
string to array str.split( pattern=$ ; , [ limit ] ) → Array Divides str into substrings based on a delimiter , returning an array of these substrings .
–
If pattern is a String , then its contents are used as the delimiter when splitting str . –
If pattern is a single space , str is split on whitespace , with leading whitespace and runs of contiguous whitespace characters ignored .
–
If pattern is a Regexp , str is divided where the pattern matches .
Whenever the pattern matches a zero - length string , str is split into individual characters . –
If pattern is omitted , the value of $ ; is used .
If $ ; is nil ( which is the default ) , str is split on whitespace as if ' [ visible space ] ' were specified .
–
If the limit parameter is omitted , trailing null fields are supressed .
–
If limit is a positive number , at most that number of fields will be returned ( if limit is 1 , the entire string is returned as the only entry in an array ) .
–
If negative , there is no limit to the number of fields returned , and trailing null fields are not supressed .
split " now's the time " .
split #-> [ " now's " , " the " , " time " ] " now 's the time " .
split ( ' ') #-> [ " now's " , " the " , " time " ] " now 's the time " .split(/ /) #-> [ " " , " now's " , " " , " the " , " time " ] " 1 , 2.34,56 , 7" .split (/, \s*/) #-> [ " 1 " , " 2.34 " , " 56 " , " 7 " ] " hello" .split (//) #-> [ " h " , " e " , " l " , " l " , " o " ] " hello " .split (//, 3 ) #-> [ " h " , " e " , " llo " ] " hi mom " .split(/\s*/) #-> [ " h " , " i " , " m " , " o " , " m " ] " mellow yellow " . split ( " ello " ) #-> [ " m " , " w y " , " w " ] " 1,2,,3,4 , , " .split ( ' , ' ) #-> [ " 1 " , " 2 " , " " , " 3 " , " 4 " ] " 1,2,,3,4 , , " .split ( ' , ' , 4 ) #-> [ " 1 " , " 2 " , " " , " 3,4 , , " ] " 1,2,,3,4 , , " .split ( ' , ' , - 4 ) # -> [ " 1 " , " 2 " , " " , " 3 " , " 4 " , " " , " " ]
. strip str.strip
Returns a copy of str with leading and trailing whitespace removed .
str.strip ! → str or nil Removes leading and trailing whitespace from str .
Returns nil if str was not altered .
strip " hello " .strip #-> " hello " " \tgoodbye\r
" .strip #-> " goodbye " " first second third
" .strip #-> " first second third "
str.reverse → String
str.reverse ! → str Returns a new string with the characters from str in reverse order .
" reverse ! " reverses str in place .
reverseputs " abc " .reverse #->
cba
reverse!s = " abc " s.reverse !
puts s
integer , string to integer str.to_i → Integer Returns the result of interpreting leading characters in str as a decimal integer .
Extraneous characters past the end of a valid number are ignored .
If there is not a valid number at the start of str , 0 is returned .
The method never raises an exception .
to_i" 12345 " .to_i #-> 12345 " 99 red balloons " .
to_i #-> 99 " 0x0 a " .to_i #-> 0 " hello " .to_i #-> 0
str.chomp( String=$ / ) → String Returns a new String with the given record separator removed from the end of str ( if present ) .
str.chomp !( String=$ / ) → str or nil Modifies str in place as described for String.
chomp , returning str , or nil if no modifications were made .
chomp " hello " .chomp #-> " hello " " hello
" .chomp #-> " hello " " hello
there " .
chomp #->
" hello
there " " hello " .chomp ( " llo " ) #-> " he "
str.chop → String Returns a new String with the last character removed .
If the string ends with \r
, both characters are removed .
Applying chop to an empty string returns an empty string .
String .chomp is often a safer alternative , as it leaves the string unchanged if it does n't end in a record separator .
str.chop ! → str or nil Processes str as for String.chop , returning str , or nil if str is the empty string .
chop " string\r
" .chop #-> " string " " string
\r " .chop #-> " string
" " string
" .chop #-> " string " " string " .
chop #-> " strin " " x" .chop.chop #-> " "
chop!s = " string " #-> string s.chop ! #-> strin s #-> strin t = " " t.chop ! #-> nil
str.count ( [ String ]+ ) → Fixnum Each String parameter defines a set of characters to count .
The intersection of these sets defines the characters to count in str .
Any String that starts with a caret ( ^ ) is negated .
The sequence c1 - c2 means all characters between c1 and c2 .
counta = " hello world " a.count ( " lo " ) #-> 5 counts [ lo ] : he(l ) ( l ) ( o ) w( o ) r( l ) d a.count ( " lo " , " o " ) #-> 2 counts intersection [ o ] : hell ( o ) w( o ) rld a.count ( " we " , " w " , " e " ) #->
0 nothing to count , intersection in null a.count ( " rrr " , " reee " , " r " ) #-> 1 counts intersection [ r ] : hello wo ( r ) ld a.count ( " hello " , " ^l " ) #-> 4 counts intersection [ heo ] : ( h ) ( e ) ll ( o ) w( o ) rld a.count ( " ej - m " ) #-> 4 counts [ ejklm ] : h(e ) ( l ) ( l ) o wor(l ) d
delete string , str delete , string delete str.delete ( [ String ]+ ) →
String Returns a copy of str with all characters in the intersection of its arguments deleted .
Uses the same rules for building the set of characters as String.count str.delete ! ( [ String ]+ ) → str or nil Performs a delete operation in place , returning str , or nil if str was not modified .
delete " hello " .delete( "l " , " lo " ) #-> " heo " " hello " . delete ( " lo " ) #-> " he " " hello " . delete ( " aeioul " , " ^l " ) #-> " hll " " hello " . delete ( " ej - m " ) #-> " ho " " wer ' 3'33 " .delete ( " ' " )
#-> ' wer333 '
each line , each string , eachline , string each str.each ( String=$ / ) {| substr | block } → str
str.each_line ( String=$ / ) {| substr | block } → str ( Synonym ) Splits str using the supplied parameter as the record separator ( $/ by default ) , passing each substring in turn to the supplied block .
–
If a zero - length record separator is supplied , the string is split on
characters , except that multiple successive newlines are appended together .
eachprint " Example one
" " hello
world " . each {|s| p s} print " Example two
" " hello
world " .each ( 'l ' ) {|s| p s} print " Example three
" " hello
world " .each ( " ) {|s| p s} produces : Example one " hello
" " world " Example two " hel " " l " " o
worl " " d " Example three " hello
" " world "
each byte str.each_byte {| Fixnum | block } → str Passes each byte in str to the given block .
each_byte " hello".each_byte {|c| print c , ' ' } produces : 104 101 108 108 111
'' , " " str.empty ?
→ true or false Returns true if str has a length of zero .
empty ? " hello " .empty ?
#-> false " " .empty ?
#-> true
str.sub ( pattern , replacement ) →
String
str. sub ( pattern ) {| match | block } → String Returns a copy of str with the first occurrence of pattern replaced with either replacement or the value of the block .
–
If the string form of the method is used , special variables such as $ & will not be useful , as substitution into the string occurs before the pattern match starts .
However , the sequences \ 1 , \ 2 may be used .
–
In the block form , the current match is passed in as a parameter , and variables such as $ 1 , $ 2 , $ ` , $ & , and $ ' will be set appropriately .
The value returned by the block will be substituted for the match on each call .
str.sub !( pattern , replacement ) → str or nil
str. sub ! ( pattern ) {| match | block } → str or nil Performs the substitutions of String .
sub in place , returning str , or nil if no substitutions were performed .
sub " hello " .sub ( /[ aeiou ] / , '*') #-> " h* llo " " hello " .sub ( /( [ aeiou ] ) / , '< \1 > ' ) #-> " h< e>llo " " hello " .sub ( '.') { |s| s[ 0 ] .to_s + ' ' } #-> " 104 ello "
str.gsub ( pattern , replacement ) →
String
str. gsub ( pattern ) {| match | block } → String Returns a copy of str with all occurrences of pattern replaced with either replacement or the value of the block .
–
If a string is used as the replacement , special variables from the match ( such as $ & and $ 1 ) cannot be substituted into it , as substitution into the string occurs before the pattern match starts .
However , the sequences \ 1 , \2 , and so on may be used to interpolate successive groups in the match .
–
In the block form , the current match is passed in as a parameter , and variables such as $ 1 , $ 2 , $ ` , $ & , and $ ' will be set appropriately .
–
The value returned by the block will be substituted for the match on each call .
–
The result inherits any tainting in the original string or any supplied replacement string .
str.gsub !( pattern , replacement ) → str or nil
str. gsub ! ( pattern ) {| match | block } → str or nil Performs the substitutions of String. gsub in place , returning str , or nil if no substitutions were performed .
gsub" hello" .gsub (/[ aeiou ] / , '*') #-> " h*ll * " " hello" .gsub ( /( [ aeiou ] ) / , '< \1 > ' ) #-> " h< e>ll <o > " " hello " .gsub ( '.' ) { |s| s[ 0 ] .to_s + ' '} #->
" 104 101 108 108 111 "
/ hex str.hex → Integer Treats leading characters from str as a string of hexadecimal digits ( with an optional sign and an optional 0x ) and returns the corresponding number .
– Zero is returned on error .
hex " 0x0a " .hex #-> 10 " - 1234 " .hex #-> - 4660 " 0 " .hex #-> 0 " wombat " .hex #-> 0
str.oct → Integer Treats leading characters of str as a string of octal digits ( with an optional sign ) and returns the corresponding number .
– Returns 0 if the conversion fails .
oct " 123 " .oct #-> 83 " -377 " .oct #-> - 255 " bad " .oct #-> 0 " 0377bad " .oct #-> 255
str iclude , string include str.include ?
String → true or false
str. include ?
Fixnum → true or false Returns true if str contains the given string or character .
include ?" hello " .
include ?
" lo " #-> true " hello " .
include ?
" ol " #-> false " hello " .
include ?
?h #-> true
str.intern → Symbol Returns the Symbol corresponding to str , creating the symbol if it did not previously exist .
intern " Koala " .intern #-> : Koala
str.length → Integer
str.size → Integer ( Synonym ) Returns the length of str .
str.replace ( String ) → str Replaces the contents and taintedness of str with the corresponding values in String .
replaces = " hello " #-> " hello " s.replace " world " #-> " world "
.scan str.scan ( pattern ) →
Array
str. scan ( pattern ) {| match , ...| block } → str Both forms iterate through str , matching the pattern ( which may be a Regexp or a String ) .
For each match , a result is generated and either added to the result array or passed to the block .
–
If the pattern contains no groups , each individual result consists of the matched string , $ &. – If the pattern contains groups , each individual result is itself an array containing one entry per group .
scana = " cruel world " a.scan(/\w+/) #-> [ " cruel " , " world " ] a.scan ( /.../) #-> [ " cru " , " el " , " wor " ] a.scan ( / (... )/) #-> [ [ " cru " ] , [ " el " ] , [ " wor " ] ] a.scan ( /(.. ) (.. )/) #-> [ [ " cr " , " ue " ] , [ " l " , " wo " ] ]
And the block form : a.scan(/\w+/)
{ |w| print " <<# {w} > > " } print "
" a.scan ( /(. ) (. ) /) { |a , b| print b , a } print "
" produces : << cruel >> << world >> rceu lowlr
str.squeeze( [ String ]* ) → NewString Builds a set of characters from the String parameter (s ) using the procedure described for String.count .
– Returns a new string where runs of the same character that occur in this set are replaced by a single character .
–
If no arguments are given , all runs of identical characters are replaced by a single character .
str.squeeze !( [ String ]* ) → str or nil Squeezes str in place , returning either str , or nil if no changes were made .
squeeze " yellow moon " . squeeze #-> " yelow mon " " now is the " .squeeze ( " " ) #-> " now is the " " putters shoot balls " . squeeze ( " m-z " ) #-> " puters shot balls "
str.succ → String
str.next → String ( Synonym ) Returns the successor to str . –
The successor is calculated by incrementing characters starting from the rightmost alphanumeric ( or the rightmost character if there are no alphanumerics ) in the string .
Incrementing a digit always results in another digit , and incrementing a letter results in another letter of the same case .
Incrementing nonalphanumerics uses the underlying character set 's collating sequence .
–
If the increment generates a " carry , " the character to the left of it is incremented .
This process repeats until there is no carry , adding an additional character if necessary .
str.succ ! → str
str.next ! → str ( Synonym ) Equivalent to String.succ , but modifies the receiver in place .
succ " abcd " .succ #-> " abce " " THX1138 " .succ #-> " THX1139 " " << koala > >" .succ #-> " << koalb > > " " 1999zzz " .succ #-> " 2000 aaa " " ZZZ9999 " .succ #-> " AAAA0000 " "***" .succ #-> " **+ "
str.sum ( Fixnum=16 ) →
Integer Returns a basic n- bit checksum of the characters in str , where n is the optional parameter , defaulting to 16 .
The result is simply the sum of the binary value of each character in str modulo 2^n - 1 . – This is not a particularly good checksum .
swap case str.swapcase → String Returns a copy of str with uppercase alphabetic characters converted to lowercase and lowercase characters converted to uppercase .
str.swapcase !
→ str or nil Equivalent to String .
swapcase , but modifies the receiver in place , returning str , or nil if no changes were made .
swapcase " Hello " .
swapcase #-> " hELLO " " cYbEr_PuNk11 " .
swapcase #-> " CyBeR_pUnK11 "
to Float str.to_f → Float Returns the result of interpreting leading characters in str as a floating point number .
– Extraneous characters past the end of a valid number are ignored .
–
If there is not a valid number at the start of str , 0.0 is returned .
–
The method never raises an exception .
to_f " 123.45e1 " .to_f #-> 1234.5 " 45.67 degrees " .to_f #-> 45.67 " thx1138 " .to_f #-> 0.0
str.to_s → str Returns the receiver .
str.to_str → str Synonym for String.to_s .
to_str is used by methods such as String #concat to convert their arguments to a string .
–
Unlike to_s , which is supported by almost all classes , to_str is normally implemented only by those classes that act like strings .
Of the built - in classes , only Exception and String implement to_str .
.tr , transliteration str.tr ( fromString , toString ) → String Returns a copy of str with the characters in fromString replaced by the corresponding characters in toString .
–
If toString is shorter than fromString , it is padded with its last character .
–
Both strings may use the c1 - c2 notation to denote ranges of characters , and fromString may start with a ^ , which denotes all characters except those listed .
str.tr !( fromString , toString ) → str or nil Translates str in place , using the same rules as String .
tr. – Returns str , or nil if no changes were made .
tr" hello " .tr( ' aeiou ' , '*') #->
" h*ll * " " hello " . tr ( ' ^aeiou ' , '*' ) #-> " *e** o " " hello " . tr ( 'el ' , ' ip ' ) #-> " hippo " " hello " .
tr ( ' a - y ' , ' b - z ' ) #-> " ifmm p "
str.tr_s ( fromString , toString ) → String Processes a copy of str as described under String.tr , then removes duplicate characters in regions that were affected by the translation .
str.tr_s !( fromString , toString ) → str or nil Performs String .
tr_s processing on str in place , returning str , or nil if no changes were made .
tr_s" hello " . tr_s ( 'l ' , 'r ' ) #-> " hero " " hello " .
tr_s ( 'el ' , '*') #->
" h* o " " hello " . tr_s ( 'el ' , 'hx ' ) #-> " hhxo "
str.unpack ( format ) → Array Decodes str ( which may contain binary data ) according to the format string , returning an array of each value extracted .
–
The format string consists of a sequence of single - character directives .
–
Each directive may be followed by a number , indicating the number of times to repeat with this directive .
An asterisk ( " * " ) will use up all remaining elements .
–
The directives sSiIlL may each be followed by an underscore ( " _ " ) to use the underlying platform 's native size for the specified type ; otherwise , it uses a platform - independent consistent size .
Spaces are ignored in the format string .
– See also Array . pack .
A String with trailing nulls and spaces removed .
→ String a String . → String B Extract bits from each character ( msb first ) → String b Extract bits from each character ( lsb first ) →
String C Extract a character as an unsigned integer → Fixnum c Extract a character as an integer → Fixnum d Treat sizeof ( double ) characters as a native double → Float E Treat sizeof ( double ) characters as a double in little - endian byte order → Float e Treat sizeof ( float ) characters as a float in little - endian byte order → Float f Treat sizeof ( float ) characters as a native float → Float G Treat sizeof ( double ) characters as a double in network byte order → Float g Treat sizeof ( float ) characters as a float in network byte order → Float H Extract hex nibbles from each character ( most significant first ) →
String h Extract hex nibbles from each character ( least significant first ) → String I Treat sizeof ( int ) [ 1 ] successive characters as an unsigned native integer → Integer i Treat sizeof ( int ) [ 1 ] successive characters as a signed native integer → Integer L Treat four [ 1 ] successive characters as an unsigned native long integer → Integer l Treat four [ 1 ] successive characters as a signed native long integer →
Integer M Extract a quoted - printable string → String m Extract a base64 encoded string → String N Treat four characters as an unsigned long in network byte order → Fixnum n Treat two characters as an unsigned short in network byte order → Fixnum P Treat sizeof ( char *) characters as a pointer , and return len characters from the referenced location → String p Treat sizeof ( char *) characters as a pointer to a null - terminated string → String S Treat two [ 1 ] successive characters as an unsigned short in native byte order → Fixnum s Treat two [ 1 ] successive characters as a signed short in native byte order → Fixnum U Extract UTF - 8 characters as unsigned integers → Integer u Extract a UU - encoded string → String V Treat four characters as an unsigned long in little - endian byte order → Fixnum v
Treat two characters as an unsigned short in little - endian byte order → Fixnum X Skip backward one character x
Skip forward one character Z String with trailing nulls removed → String @ Skip to the offset given by the length argument [ 1 ] – May be modified by appending " _ " to the directive .
unpack " abc \0\0abc \0\0".unpack ( ' A6Z6 ') #-> [ " abc " , " abc " ] " abc \0\0 " .unpack ( 'a3 a3 ' ) #-> [ " abc " , " \000\000 " ] " aa".unpack ( ' b8B8 ' ) #-> [ " 10000110 " , " 01100001 " ] " aaa".unpack ( ' h 2H2 c ' ) #-> [ " 16 " , " 61 " , 97 ] " \xfe\xff\xfe\xff " .unpack ( 'sS ' ) #-> [ - 2 , 65534 ] " now=20is" .unpack ( ' M * ') #-> [ " now is " ] " whole ".unpack ('xax2X2X1X2a' ) #-> [ " h " , " e " , " l " , " l " , " o " ]
nn , \xxx Cyrillic unpack " \320\240\320\270".to_a.pack ( ' A * ' ) --> ' Ри '
Healthcheck : Indian infants Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Healthcheck 's Claudia Hammond meets with Anthony Costello to hear about a trial in rural India that uses women 's groups to spread the word about safe childbirth and caring for newborns .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Who is the fastest on the tarmac ?
If you thought it was the Shelby SuperCars ’ Aero SSC TT that fits the bill as the fastest production car in the world , think again !
Bugatti has climbed on to the top position , post a June 26 drive when test driver Pierre Henri Raphanel drove an orange - and - black Veyron 16.4 Super Sport to an average top speed of 268 mph ( 431 kph ) .
The event that got underway at the VW Group ’s test facility at Ehra-Leissien saw the Veyron Super Sport tumble all high - speed records .
The question as to who is the fastest has been remaining unanswered for quite a while now .
The Veyron Super Sport is a much higher version that the usual Veyron we usually get to see .
The company has thrown in additional power and has increased it to 1,200 hp , while the quad turbo W16 would return torque at 1,106 pound - feet .
The car has ensured this via its enlarged turbochargers and intercoolers .
The company has also incorporated in the Veyron Super Sport a redone suspension that is capable of managing aero downforce at speeds about 260 mph .
Car blog
Puss in pooch !
Dog 's emergency operation after it swallows FIVE toy cats
When Snowy the West Highland terrier became ill and stopped eating , her worried owners took her to the vet .
But a new diet , medical tests and even antibiotics failed to perk up the little dog .
It was only when the one - year - old had an X - ray that it became obvious she had fallen victim to a dog 's traditional enemy - cats .
Snowy had swallowed five plastic toy cats .
The biggest was two inches tall and an inch wide and showed up clearly , and rather spookily , on the X-ray .
Feline fine : Owner Samantha Reed and vet Nigel Belgrove with Snowy and the five cats she swallowed
It could be seen , it 's wide eyes showing its concern about its plight , staring out from between Snowy ’s ribs .
Mrs Reed , 42 , said : ‘ I was shocked when the vets phoned to say Snowy had swallowed a few cats .
‘ I thought they meant real ones ! ’
‘ We 're just so pleased she 's OK .
We 'll make sure she never does this again . ’
Mrs Reed , of Wyton on the Hill , Cambridgeshire , became concerned after Snowy suddenly stopped eating and started being sick .
Operation : Snowy 's X - ray clearly shows the biggest cat - measuring 5 cm - in her stomach
She took her to the vet who thought Snowy may be reacting to dog food so they changed her diet .
When that did not work the vet took urine samples believing it to be a kidney problem but after these were all - clear he gave Snowy a course of antibiotics .
The baffled vet then took X - rays of her stomach - and was amazed to see the outlines of the five toy cats standing out .
Mrs Reed , who lives with her husband , Mick , 42 , and their four children , said : ‘ We were really worried .
‘ Snowy is a much - loved member of this family and we feared the worst and thought she was seriously ill . ’
Dog-eared :
The five feline ornaments found inside Snowy
The five cats included a father cat , mum and three kittens .
Nigel Belgrove , partner at Cromwell Vets in Huntingdon , said : ‘ It is a very unusual case and one of the most unusual X - rays I ’ve ever seen .
‘ We could clearly see the biggest cat inside her stomach .
We could see the ears and tail . ’
Mrs Reed said Snowy had made a good recovery and was now a much happier dog .
‘ She ’s a different dog , very sociable , happy and full of energy , ’ she said .
A Non-Commutative Marriage System in the South Pacific
Posted October 2009 .
The Ambrym system has at its heart a fundamentally non-trivial mathematical object : a non-commutative group ...
Tony Phillips
Stony Brook University
tony at math.sunysb.edu
Introduction
The social structure of isolated indigenous populations has given anthropologists a useful quantitative tool for studying how people have evolved and dispersed .
These structures often incorporate general abstract principles , but the precise way these principles are worked out can vary enormously from society to society .
Marriage patterns are especially complicated and especially stable .
An analogy from the natural world is the organization of the flowering parts ( the reproductive organs ) of plants .
The variety is enormous , but because the structure is integral to the way one generation produces the next , it tends to be very stable in time ; its analysis is an essential part of the study of species and their relatedness .
The island populations of the South Pacific , and in particular the the inhabitants of Ambrym ( part of the Vanuatu archipelago , roughly 1500 miles northeast of Australia ) , have received sustained attention in this respect since the late 19th century .
Ambrym is prominent in Lévi-Strauss ' Les Structures Élémentaires de la Parenté ( The Elementary Structures of Kinship ) ( 1947 ) and is the subject of a recent study ( Knut Mikjel Rio , The Power of Perspective : Social Ontology and Agency on Ambrym Island , Vanuatu , Berghahn Books , New York , 2007 ) , which is the basis for my analysis in this column .
One aspect of the marriage system on Ambrym that anthropologists have noted , besides its intricacy , is the lucidity with which the people themselves explain its workings .
Bernard Deacon ( 1927 ) observed : " It is perfectly clear that the natives ( the intelligent ones ) do conceive of the system as a connected mechanism which they can explain by diagrams .
The way they could reason about relationships from their diagrams was absolutely on a par with a good scientific exposition in a lecture - room . "
So it is especially satisfying to note that the Ambrym system has at its heart a fundamentally non-trivial mathematical object : a non-commutative group .
The male perspective
The following diagram is adapted from Rio's Figure 3.1 .
Blue triangles , males ; red circles , females .
This cylindrical diagram shows the division of Ambrym society into three patrilineal lines , and the possible marriage relationships between them , in the style of a genealogical tree .
The three male lines are marked here as M , M ' and M'' .
In each of these lines there is an alternation between generations : those who marry " right " (+ ) and those who marry " left " ( -) in this diagram .
Thus an M ' + chooses a wife among the sisters of M '' - individuals , whereas an M ' - marries a sister of of an M + .
Note that there is a more genealogical distinction between the " + " and the " - " generations .
A member of a " + " generation marries into a slightly older generation , while a member of a " - " generation marries into one slightly younger .
In fact , the father of the father of the father of an individual is of his great - grandfather 's generation ; but tracing through the diagram shows that the father - in - law of the father - in - law of the father - in - law of an M+ ( for example ) is of his great - great - grandfather 's generation , whereas the triple father - in - law of an M - is only of his grandfather 's generation .
Implicit in this diagram is a non-commutative group with 6 elements , generated by the kinships S : father --> son and T : father --> son -in - law .
First observe that S2 = I , where I is the identity kinship relating each of the six classes to itself .
This is because the grandson of an M - is again an M - , etc .
Next , T3 = I : for example , the son - in - law of an M - has married the sister of an M + , hence is an M ' - , as above ; similarly the son - in - law of an M ' - must be an M '' - and the the son - in - law of an M '' - must be an M - , so after three steps we are back where we started .
An additional consequence of Rio's diagram is the less obvious equation T2 = STS .
For example , the son - in - law of the son - in - law of an M - is an M '' - , as we just saw ; and the son of the son - in - law of the son of an M - is the son of the son - in - law of an M + , i.e. the son of an M ' ' + ( see the diagram ) , and is also an M ' ' - .
The equations S2 = I , T3 = I and T2 = STS are the same as those that govern the group of symmetries of a triangle .
The marriage - kinship structure of Ambrym society is isomorphic to the group S 3 of symmetries of an equilateral triangle .
Each symmetry corresponds to a permutation of the vertices , labeled here as 1 , 2 , 3 .
Matching the " son " kinship S with the permutation ( 12 ) [ flip about the axis through vertex 3 ] and the " son- in -law " kinship T with the permutation ( 123 ) [ counterclockwise rotation by 120o ] extends to a complete identification of the two systems .
The diagram on the left is in fact quite similar to that drawn in the sand by Deacon 's native informant in 1927 ( Rio , p. 49 ) .
The group S 3 is the simplest example of a non-commutative group .
The operation of composition ( execute permutation p , then permutation q ) has all the formal properties of addition of integers ( associativity , identity element , inverses ) except the commutative property , the one that guarantees that 2 + 3 = 3 + 2 .
Thus , it need not be the case that executing the permutation p followed by q results in the same permutation as executing q followed by p.
The Ambrym kinship group has the same structure .
For example ST is not the same as TS : the son of the son - in - law of an M + is an M ' ' - , whereas his son - in - law 's son is an M ' - .
The female perspective
Rio 's diagram can be redrawn to show the female lineages .
Ambrym society has two female lineages , here labeled W + and W - , and in each lineage there are functionally three generation - classes , here distinguished by 1 , 2 , 3 .
The " + " lineage only marries males from the " + " generations ; the " - " lineage only marries males from the " - " generations .
The kinships D : mother --> daughter and E : mother --> daughter - in - law satisfy D3 = I , E2 = I and D2 = EDE , generating another copy of S 3 .
Observe a complication in the diagram : the generations W1 + , W2 + , W3 + pair with M' + , M + , M'' + respectively , whereas W1 - , W2 - , W3 - pair with M - , M ' - , M '' - respectively ( different order ) .
The " male perspective " is more biological because there are six male genotype clusters ( Y - chromosome , mitochondria ) which follow the S , T permutation rules .
The female lineages preserve mitochondria , but their generations cannot be distinguished genetically .
Finally , Rio's diagram shows that the Ambrym system is efficient for genetic mixing :
On the female side , each individual gets " + " chromosomes from the paternal grandmother and " - " chromosomes from the mother , or vice - versa ; whereas after three generations the three male genotypes are equally represented in each individual .
Ambrym and the French intelligentsia ...
The publication of Deacon 's diagram in Les Structures Élémentaires de la Parenté prompted a lively exchange between Lévi-Strauss and Jean - Paul Sartre , two of the high priests of the Parisian post - war mandarinate .
The controversy is recorded mostly in Sartre 's 1960 Critique de la raison dialectique ( " To be born is to produce oneself as a specification of the group , " etc. ) and Lévi-Strauss ' 1962 La Pensée Sauvage .
Rio gives a careful analysis of their positions in a section entitled " Sartre and Lévi -Strauss meet the Man from Ambryn . "
... including André Weil
In a completely different direction , Lévi-Strauss enlisted none other than André Weil in the mathematical elucidation of kinship structures ;
Weil contributed an eight - page appendix " Sur l'étude algébrique de certains types de lois de mariage ( Système Murngin ) " to the first part of Les Structures .
It is enlightening to apply his algebraic analysis to the marriage system on Ambrym .
Weil understood the essence of a marriage - kinship system to be incorporated in a set of permitted marriage - types , satisfying the following axioms :
(A) Every member of society , male or female , fits in exactly one permitted marriage - type .
(B) For each member of society , the designated marriage - type is a function only of that individual 's sex and the marriage - type of that individual 's parents .
So the marriage - kinship system can be condensed into two functions , f and g in Weil 's notation , giving the marriage - type of a male child and a female child , respectively , as a function of the marriage - type of that child 's parents .
Weil remarks that these functions must map the set of marriage - types onto itself , since otherwise certain types would disappear after two generations ; and that therefore f and g are permutations of the set of marriage - types .
Applying Weil 's analysis to Ambrym , we find six marriage - types :
A = ( M + , W2 + )
, W2 ) B = ( M - , W1 - )
, W1 ) C = ( M ' + , W1 + )
, W1 ) D = ( M ' - , W2 - )
, W2 ) E = ( M '' + , W3 + )
, W3 ) F = ( M '' - , W3 - ) .
These and the permutations f and g can be read off from the " Female Perspective " table above .
type A B C D E F f B A D C F E g E D A F C B
Since f includes the father --> son kinship , it is functionally equivalent to our operator T ; and since one 's daughter and son - in - law share the same marriage - type , g includes our operator S .
In the same way g includes the mother --> daughter kinship , and f includes mother --> daughter - in - law , so they are also functionally equivalent to our E and D , respectively .
In Weil 's more efficient notation , the equations f 2 = I , g 3 = I , g 2 = f g f ( which can readily be checked from the table above ) contain both our ( S , T ) and ( D , E ) identities .
Unfortunately for us , the system Weil analyzed ( the Murngin inhabit the northern tip of Australia ) is mathematically less interesting than that of Ambrym .
In the Murngin marriage code , the only sanctioned marriages are within a special class of " cross cousins : " between a man and one of his mother 's brothers ' daughters ( equivalently , a woman and one of her father 's sisters ' sons ) .
Weil encodes this as an additional axiom :
(C) A man must be able to marry the daughter of the brother of his mother .
and then proves that Axiom C forces the group generated by f and g to be commutative .
His proof runs as follows .
Consider a brother and a sister , the product of marriage - type X .
The brother will contract an f ( X ) type marriage , and his daughter will contract a g (f ( X ) ) type marriage ; the sister will contract a g ( X ) type marriage , and her son will contract one of type f ( g ( X ) ) .
By axiom ( C ) this son must be able to marry his mother 's brother 's daughter ; so these two young people must be of the same marriage - type , i.e. f ( g ( X ) ) = g(f ( X ) ) .
The rest of " Sur l'étude algébrique ... " only examines commutative systems .
Tony Phillips
Stony Brook University
tony at math.sunysb.edu
Those who can access JSTOR can find some of the papers mentioned above there .
For those with access , the American Mathematical Society 's MathSciNet can be used to get additional bibliographic information and reviews of some these materials .
Some of the items above can be accessed via the ACM Portal , which also provides bibliographic services .
Image caption Israel 's overall policy towards Gaza shows little sign of changing
" Israel 's eases three - year blockade .
Gazans get jam and coriander " ran the debatably sarcastic headline in this morning 's left - leaning Haaretz newspaper .
The article by the Israeli journalist Amira Hass , a long - time critic of Israel 's blockade , outlined the first moves to relax the blockade , allowing in goods including canned fruit and crisps .
Ms Hass , one of the very few Israeli journalists to have got into Gaza to report from the territory , by no means represents the majority opinion in Israel , but there is a substantial minority who believes the blockade is at best counterproductive and at worst inhumane .
Israeli tightened the blockade in 2007 after Hamas took power .
The Islamist movement had won elections in 2006 , but Israel , the EU and the US refused to accept them in government .
Hamas then forced their secular rival , Fatah , from Gaza in a violent struggle .
Israel says the blockade is necessary to put pressure on Hamas , which has fired thousands of rockets into Israel over the past decade .
Hamas has recently reined in the amount of rockets coming out of Gaza , but other militant factions continue to fire rockets sporadically .
Hamas is also still holding the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , who was captured in a raid by militants in 2006 .
But four years on , the blockade has not pressured Hamas into releasing him , and the Islamist movement remains in power .
' More extreme '
Critics say the blockade had encouraged people towards more extreme groups operating in Gaza .
Such groups , often called Salafists , share the ideology of al - Qaeda and believe Hamas are too moderate .
GAZA AID CONVOY Consisted of three cargo ships and three passenger ships
Most casualties were on Mavi Marmara passenger ferry , one of three ships provided by Insani Yardim Vakfi ( IHH )
IHH is Turkish aid organisation with strong sympathy among Turkey 's ruling party , but is banned in Israel , which accuses it of links to Hamas and al - Qaeda
Other ships organised by the Free Gaza Movement , an international coalition of activist groups
Ships carried supplies including cement , wheelchairs , paper and water purification systems
Flotilla 's 700 passengers mainly Turkish , but also included nationals of US , UK , Australia , Greece , Canada , Belgium , Ireland , the Swedish author Henning Mankell , two Australian journalists and three German MPs Israel faces flotilla raid fallout
Where next for Israel ?
In pictures : Aid ship stormed Reaction to Gaza aid ship deaths Guide : Gaza under blockade
But Israel 's overall policy towards Gaza shows little sign of changing despite mounting international criticism , including from Israel 's strongest ally , the United States .
US President Barack Obama , announcing $ 400 m ( £ 273 m ) worth of aid for the West Bank and Gaza , said the situation in the territory was " unsustainable " .
There has been widespread criticism in Israel of how the raid on the Free Gaza Flotilla , in which nine pro-Palestinian activists were killed , was handled - " Flotilla Fiasco " and " Botched Raid " just two of the headlines in the Israeli newspapers over the past week .
And the Israeli politicians and the military are beginning to blame each other .
On Thursday , a foreign ministry official told the BBC they had warned the navy that carrying out the raid in international waters would be " bad for the country 's public relations " .
They added though that Israel believed the raid was perfectly legal under international law .
And Israel insists it would do the same again .
Israeli opinion polls are not necessarily reliable .
But one in the Israel Hayom newspaper , carried out by the New Wave Research Institute , suggested 91 % of Israelis were in favour of the navy stopping any future attempts to break the sea blockade .
In the same poll , 73 % of people asked said they did not believe the blockade of Gaza should be lifted .
The researchers polled 561 people from Israel 's Jewish population .
And the rhetoric from some of the military and the politicians backs that up .
Gen Uzi Dayan , a former deputy chief of staff , said if Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan was to try to come to Gaza by ship , the Israeli navy should " sink it " and see it as " an act of war " .
Image caption
The brothers handed themselves in after months on the run
Two Guatemalan brothers who allegedly helped a prominent lawyer organise his own murder , and then blame the president of Guatemala for the crime , have turned themselves in .
Francisco and Jose Valdes Paiz were said to have hired a contract killer to murder Rodrigo Rosenberg .
An international commission found in January that Mr Rosenberg had organised his own killing .
He is said to have wanted to highlight unsolved murders in Guatemala .
Before he was shot dead in May 2009 , Mr Rosenberg had warned in a video that he would be murdered on the orders of President Alvaro Colom .
Mr Colom was later exonerated .
Police had been searching for the two brothers since December , when they first linked them to the murder of Mr Rosenberg .
' Blackmail ruse '
A United Nations investigation found that Mr Rosenberg had told the Valdes Paiz brothers , who were his cousins , he was being blackmailed and needed their help to hire a contract killer to murder the blackmailer .
The pair allegedly hired the killer and , following Mr Rosenberg 's instructions , told the killer where and when he could ambush the blackmailer .
But it was Mr Rosenberg who then appeared at the time and place given to the contract killer , and had himself shot , the commission found .
Speaking in January , the then director of the UN commission Carlos Castresana said he believed Mr Rosenberg had been depressed and had wanted to highlight the thousands of murders which go unsolved and unpunished in Guatemala every year .
BBC Mundo's Julie Lopez in Guatemala says the allegations Mr Rosenberg made in his video against President Colom threw the government into a deep political crisis .
Our correspondent says that even though President Colom was cleared of any involvement in Mr Rosenberg 's murder , the allegations have left a deep rift in Guatemalan society .
She says many people believe the brothers Valdes Paiz have been falsely accused .
The UN commission said the brothers had handed themselves in voluntarily .
A hearing has been scheduled for 5 July .
Here 's a bit of fun thinking about combining protest , games , and open source movements into a potent coercive tool for non-violent protest ( in a post - Gandhi world ) .
It 's just some ideas that may or may not be of interest .
Traditional non-violent protest is dead as a means of reversing bad organizational behavior .
It 's easily ignored / overlooked in a media saturated environment and the methods of controlling and marginalizing it have become widely practiced / tolerated ( from " free speech zones " to non-lethal weapons to crowdsourced identification of protesters ) .
Further , shame does n't work anymore as a means of dissuasion .
Given these impediments , the revival of protest means rethinking how it is used as a coercive tool .
It means going beyond attrition ( boycotts , physical damage , etc. ) and moral suasion ( signage , marches , etc. ) and into the realm of systemic disruption .
Here 's one approach .
In most large traditional organizations , whether they be corporations or bureaucracies , decision making is dominated by a small number of very powerful people protected by a phalanx of senior specialists .
They are not democracies .
Yet , in modern western societies , this elite group and their specialists are able to dissociate themselves from jobs when it comes to their private lives .
They live unencumbered within our impersonal society .
This window of vulnerability creates a yawning opportunity for innovative forms of disruptive non-violent protest .
One that pierces the organizational and societal veil of anonymity for these individuals by turning them into systempunkts ( vulnerable nodes within the targeted organization 's network that would cause the most damage if disrupted ) .
Essentially , if you can successfully deter / coerce individual decision makers in this decision making group , you will win ( and quickly ) .
Early work on this type of protest can be seen in the work of 4 Chan 's Anonymous and China 's human flesh search engine .
Both of these open source movements have shown to be surprisingly powerful at targeting single individuals ( and poor at disrupting organizations ) .
By using thousands of contributers , they are able to gather intelligence information on an individual ( and their family ) .
In short , learn everything about the target down to bank account numbers .
This then enables the movement to target the individual and their family with :
Stalking and harassment .
In the street , at a restaurant , or at school .
Identity theft .
From financial to professional .
Publication of private information .
Denial of communication .
Flood phones , e-mail accounts , voice - mail , etc .
In short , any online group of sufficient size could launch an effort like this .
However , to really zoom the effort and turn it into a coercive tool , one modification should be made .
It should operate as an online game .
Here 's a potential template :
Experience points for accumulating information .
Pics snapped with a cell phone camera .
Points for financial account information .
Etc. Experience points translate into basic improvements in status which improves the weight of a contributor 's vote ( on the next target , the quests to open , etc. ) .
Quests .
Equivalent to counting coup on a tribal enemy .
Draining the target 's bank account .
Gaining control of a voicemail system .
Tagging the target with paint .
Disabling the target 's car .
Quest achievement translates into special recognition ( emblems , new tools , positions of leadership , etc. ) .
Competition .
Contests between individuals or groups to complete a given task within an alloted time period .
As in first to ....
Think in terms of this game running as a darknet ( not visible to anyone but invited players and only those that have deeply enmeshed themselves in the game ) .
Image caption
The fox was under a building at the Dorothy Stringer playgroup
A three - year - old boy was taken to hospital after being bitten on the arm by a fox at a playgroup in Brighton .
Jake Jermy was attacked while attending a party on Saturday at the Dorothy Stringer playgroup , next door to Dorothy Stringer High School .
It is believed the fox turned on the boy when he saw the animal 's tail sticking out from under a building and tried to stroke it .
His parents described him as a " brave little boy " who was recovering well .
In a statement , Sam and Jacqui Jermy , both 35 , said : " Jake told us he was going to get a ball from under one of the sheds .
" Jake , I 'm sure , disturbed the fox and the fox responded and bit him .
" Since then he has recovered really well and is in really good spirits and is a brave little boy . "
The playgroup was closed on Monday while staff considered how to ensure the safety of its children .
' Shy creatures '
A spokesman for Sussex Police said officers were called by South East Coast Ambulance Service at 1230 BST .
The child was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital in Brighton .
The playgroup , which has been operating for more than 35 years , said in a statement : " The child is now recovering at home , and we wish him a speedy recovery .
Any wild animal is going to turn round and bite if you grab its tail Trevor Weeks , East Sussex Wildlife Rescue and Ambulance Service
" We have been aware of the foxes for some time .
The advice we had been given by a local wildlife expert was that they did not pose a threat to people . "
It said the temporary building where the fox was hiding was due to be knocked down to make way for a new building within weeks .
" We have been in touch with Defra and also with a local pest control company , which is due to visit ... to give advice on the action we should take , " the playgroup added .
It comes a fortnight after nine - month - old twins Isabella and Lola Koupparis were attacked after a fox crept into their upstairs bedroom in Hackney , east London .
It is thought to have got in through a door on the ground floor , which was left open because of the hot weather .
Both girls have since been discharged from hospital .
Trevor Weeks , founder of the charity East Sussex Wildlife Rescue and Ambulance Service , called for a proportionate response to the Brighton incident .
" It has been known for years by the educational authorities that foxes live under such makeshift buildings at schools , so it should come as no surprise that there was a fox present , " he said .
" The fox did not attack the child - it was defending itself .
There is a significant difference .
" Any wild animal is going to turn round and bite if you grab its tail . "
An RSPCA spokesman said : " Foxes are shy creatures and will usually avoid contact with people .
" We offer our sincere condolences to the child and family concerned and wish for a speedy recovery . "
The Starcraft community in Korea has gone into a bit of a tizz .
Tomorrow , the local media , Starcraft community , and Blizzard big - wigs have been invited to a private event at a Korean Air hangar in Gimpo Airport .
The invitation suggests a major Starcraft II announcement is to take place .
Full details below .
The flyer for the event , kindly translated by Starcraft Legacy reads
UPGRADE…99 %
You 've waited a long time
Everything about StarCraft II
Is finally being released !
June 24 11:00 ~14:00
Gimpo Airport Korean Air Hangar
Clearly , big news is about to happen .
We would n't put it past Korea Air to have replaced all their fleet with Mutalisks , or something equally mad .
You think we 're joking .
Korean
Air have form with Starcraft II .
Here are some commercials they recently ran .
On Korean Air , Hydralisks always get the window seat .
For almost four years the ABC's Jerusalem based correspondent Matt Brown has been reporting on the Israeli / Palestinian divide , but for this Foreign Correspondent story he focuses on violence by Jewish immigrants from the former Soviet Union .
He finds ultra-orthodox Jews , Asians and migrant workers being attacked on Israeli streets by a gang of young neo -Nazis .
The police , initially at least were seemingly unwilling or unable to take action .
Brown sets out to find out what motivates Ivan Kuzmin , a young Ukrainian Jew , charged with assault and incitement to racism .
Kuzmin 's family migrated to Israel 10 years ago hoping for a better life free of discrimination .
But Ivan still did n't fit in .
" There they called me things like dirty Jew ...
And here they called me stinky Russian . "
Despite having a grandmother who survived the Jewish Holocaust in Europe , Kuzmin joined other young immigrants in a neo -Nazi gang called Patrol 36 , which regularly bashed people senseless .
They were so proud of their actions they videotaped their attacks .
Dylan Ratigan and Berney Sanders do a great summary of the various parallel amendment attempts to put some teeth into Dodd 's joke of a bill .
Ironically , as misguided as it is in most regards , at least Merkel 's " reform " showed the kind of conviction that Dodd and his mostly incompetent colleagues will never be able to muster , as they scramble all over each other to collect the scraps that Wall Street has promised them so long as Goldman can generate annual revenues of $ 60 billion and above .
And since our politicians would make the Amsterdam Red Light district blush , you can bet the end results of the Senatorial corruption will be unprecedented , resulting in a bill that achieves the opposite of what it is intended to do : i.e. , make banks even stronger and gives the Fed even more power .
Which is why any debates about the merits of Merkley - Levin or blah - blah are pointless .
The only final arbiter in the reg reform issue will be the market itself , which will resolve everything the second it crashes once and for all .
And judging by the size of the carry unwind currently occurring , we may not have to wait long .
Which is why we think that Angela Merkel may have brought about the unwinding of the market that will be the one real catalyst to any real reform : after all , for people to express any interest in what is going on in Wall Street 's Washington branch , people will have to lose everything ... again .
As Senator Sanders says , the American people have got to stand up .
He is right , however the only thing that will wake America out of its slumber will be one more terminal crash , the one that corrupt and busted finreg reform was supposed to prevent .
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
A week after the Israeli commando raid on a Gaza - bound Turkish ship , which left nine people dead , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he would " no longer be silent on Gaza becoming a giant prison . "
Speaking at a joint press conference with Syrian President Bashar Assad in Istanbul on Monday , Erdogan called on Israel " to put an end to the occupation of Arab lands " , and on the Palestinian factions to arrive at a truce .
Opinion From friend to foe Roee Nahmias Roee Nahmias analyzes deterioration of once - close relationship between Israel , Turkey From friend to foe
Erdogan said that Ankara would continue to patiently follow the efforts to establish an international commission of inquiry into the raid .
" Israel must pay the price for what happened , " he said .
During the press conference , Assad conveyed his condolences for the deaths of Turkish citizens in the Gaza flotilla raid , saying they lost their lives " in a heinous crime , while defending a just cause .
They are shahids in heaven .
" This is not the first time Israel commits crimes , but in this case it failed to label its victims as ' terrorists ' , " said the Syrian leader .
" We all know that the activists were not even allowed to carry knives .
What happened was not the result of a mistake on the part of the ( Israeli ) soldiers or an erroneous government decision – it was Israeli instinct .
Turkish blood and Arab blood are one and the same .
We will not forget the Ottoman Empire 's opposition to the attempts to establish a Jewish state on Palestinian lands , " Assad said .
Addressing the indirect talks with Israel , which were suspended after Israel launched a military offensive in Gaza in late 2009 , Assad said , " Israel thwarted the ( negotiations ) because it is addicted to mediation that is biased in its favor .
Israel wanted to exact a price from Turkey for its efforts to promote peace , but ( Israel ) must know that if continues along its current path and continue with the occupation – this will solidify its status as an enemy of peace in the world . "
Roee Nahmias contributed to the report
Historically , the early English kings have a reputation for living high on the hog , and pleasing themselves at the expense of the people they ruled .
It was not always so .
In the middle ages many of them missed out on a trouble free reign culminating in a State Funeral .
We know very little about the first several hundred years of the Anglo - Saxon era .
The earliest written records were no more than inventive lists of rulers who established separate kingdoms .
The Saxons settled in the west , the Anglos in the east and north , and the Jutes on the Isle of Wight and the opposite mainland .
They probably thought of themselves as separate peoples , but they shared a common language and similar customs .
10 A King ’s Power
One of those customs was fighting everyone in sight .
A king ’s power depended on his ability to win battles and so gain land and treasure to give his supporters .
He was obliged to keep fighting .
If he did n’t he would find himself out of a job or deprived of his life ; probably both .
The power of any kingdom was only as solid as the strength of its king in battle .
To be able to cut down several enemies in quick succession , when in a tight spot , and to be a more efficient killer than one ’s subordinates , was essential for a king living in a society which regarded warfare as the natural way of life .
What was gained by the sword needed to be defended by the sword ; of the eight kings who ruled Northumbria between 600 and 700 , six died in battle .
One successful monarch was Aethelbald of Mercia , a kingdom that was an amalgamation of 30 different tribes .
In a style that was typical of the era , he usurped the throne from his father Aethelwulf while the old man was visiting Rome .
By 731 he controlled all England south of the Humber , and was styled ‘ King not only of the Mercian ’s but also of all the provinces which are called South English ’ .
However , his supremacy was neither easily won nor stable and he had many enemies .
St Boniface , Archbishop of Canterbury , for example , constantly reproached him for not taking a wife and instead fornicating with nuns .
Aethelbald did marry eventually .
On his way back from Rome his father had married Judith , the thirteen - year - old daughter of the Frankish king Charles the Bald , and when his father died Aethelbald took her for his own wife .
Even that did n’t satisfy the clergy , who castigated him for marrying his stepmother ( she was by then an ancient 15 year - old ) .
The marriage was annulled and the girl returned to France , where her own father , because her marriage had been deemed incestuous , sent her to a nunnery .
In a rare breach of Anglo - Saxon fidelity ( but not a unique one ) Aethelbald was murdered by his bodyguard at Seckingham near Tamworth .
9 The Bayeux Tapestry
The image of the last Anglo - Saxon King on the hill above Senlac , staggering back with an arrow in his eye , has come to epitomize the drama at the battle of Hastings .
It is graphically illustrated on the Bayeux Tapestry – a piece of embroidery 70 meters long created by the women of Canterbury in the early 1070s ( so it should really be called the Canterbury Tapestry ) , and then taken to France .
But this tapestry is not the reliable witness that it seems .
The stitching we see today is not necessarily the original , and indeed some of it might be described as a stitch - up .
In the years of its existence , two major tracings and a photographic record of the tapestry have been made , so we have three sets of images , dating from 1729 , 1819 and 1872 – and there are some dramatic variations .
Swords and stirrups appear and disappear , a griffin becomes an angel , and most significantly the depiction of Harold ’s slaying are altered .
In 1729 the King has his arm raised and appears about to hurl a spear .
In 1819 the shaft of the spear has sprouted a flight of feathers , to become an arrow pointed towards his forehead .
Fifty - three years later the angle of the arrow has shifted downwards to point directly at his right eye , so it would seem that occasional restoration work coincided with trying to improve the story .
The truth may be less complicated .
According to Guy , Bishop of Amiens , the crucial moment came when the Normans finally broke the Saxon shield - wall .
With Harold and a few of his faithful retainers still holding out , William handpicked a hit squad to go and hack him down .
Four knights overpowered Harold , one striking him in the breast , a second cutting off his head , while another disemboweled him .
We are then told that the fourth knight cut off one of the Saxon kings legs , but the standard battlefield mutilation was full castration , so the bishop ’s account was probably being polite .
8 The Bastard
During his lifetime William I was not known as the ‘ Conqueror ’ , his nickname was ‘ William the Bastard ’ , owing to the scandal of his birth when his father had an affair with a lowly tanner ’s daughter .
But since he was a ruler who thought nothing of having a man ’s tongue ripped out and nailed to his front door , people did n’t call him that to his face .
There was oppression in England after the conquest , but this was a consequence of the new king ’s need for security as much as anything .
William subdued the south and east easily , but the year after Hastings his former ally , Count Eustace of Boulogne ( brother - in - law to Edward the Confessor ) , tried an invasion of his own and was only stopped by the formidable nature of Dover castle .
Harold Godwinson ’s sons tried a landing in 1068 , and there were more attempts the following year .
The most dangerous of these saw a Viking army joining up with the northern earls .
They seized York and declared independence , while in answer William took his own army north and began killing everyone who lived there .
The ferocious ‘ Harrying of the North ’ in 1069 was designed to punish and deter , and it devastated the north of England in a broad swathe from York to Durham .
Villages and crops were burnt and livestock slaughtered .
Those who escaped a quick death at the hands of the royal army faced a slow one by starvation .
During the winter of that year many people turned to cannibalism .
The death toll has been estimated at 150,000 , and the destruction left much of the area depopulated for generations .
From 1066 to 1204 most of the great Norman barons , including King William I , had estates on both sides of the Channel , and they frequently had to return to Normandy to put down rebellions .
Whilst burning out the inhabitants of Mantes in 1087 , the Conquerors horse shied at the flames and the pommel of his saddle inflicted a fatal rupture to an already sick man of sixty - one years .
The King had a very corpulent figure when he died , and his corpse swelled even larger during its transit to the abbey of St Stephen in Caen for burial .
It became so bloated that it would n’t fit the coffin prepared for it , and heavy - handed attempts to force the issue resulted in bursting his belly .
It follows that William the Conquerors funeral was less than a sweet - smelling affair .
7 Death in the Forest
Robert , the Conqueror ’s eldest son , was given the dukedom of Normandy .
William Rufus , the second son became king of England .
He was a dashing warrior , but he was cruel , he was a liar and he was greedy ( he was also homosexual , which was a definite negative with the Church in those days ) .
Rufus treated the priesthood with contempt and seemed to glory in wickedness .
The filling of a Bishopric was a lengthy business , and whilst it was vacant a trustee collected the revenues on behalf of the next bishop .
Rufus liked this system .
The revenues were directed straight into his own treasury , and at the time of his death Rufus was enjoying the incomes from twelve abbeys that he deliberately kept without an Abbot .
In an incident that will always remain a mystery , he died in 1100 , killed by an arrow while hunting in the New Forest ( Strangely , his favourite nephew was killed by an arrow in the same place three months previously ) .
Evidently he was in the sole company of one William Tyrrell .
Tyrrell was n’t sure that his claim that he had nothing to do with the kings death would be believed , and he fled abroad , but even when feeling safe he denied anything to do with murder .
So was it a hunting accident or an assassination ?
No one really knows .
People cared so little they never bothered to inquire too deeply as to what had happened .
Disposal was left to a humble charcoal burner who , on the payment of a couple of coins , dumped the king ’s body in his cart and took it to Winchester Cathedral .
There , because Rufus had been king , he was buried under the floor , but there was no great ceremony .
A year later the tower of the cathedral collapsed , destroying his tomb .
6 The First Henry
Henry , the Conquers youngest son , leapt onto the throne and he quickly went to war with his brother Robert and added Normandy to his cap .
Poor Robert spent the next twenty - eight years shut up in Cardiff Castle as a captive .
But we know from surviving accounts that considerable amounts of money was spent on his food and clothes , so he ca n’t have been treated too harshly , and he lived to the ripe old age of eighty .
Henry I was quite an effective king , and all over England there was peace and law .
He had little interest in living large and lavish , and concentrated on advancing the nations administration .
One of the ways he raised money was by selling charters to towns .
Charters were a special privilege that allowed town walls to be built , and for those living inside them to elect their own local councils .
Also during his reign the Court of the Exchequer was formed to handle financial matters , taking its name from the checked cloth on which the accounts were calculated .
He was the last king for four hundred years to leave no debts behind him when he died .
He passed away in 1135 , apparently from eating too many lampreys ( a small parasitic eel - like fish that latches onto trout and salmon , considered a delicacy of cuisine at the time ) , which is a warning to everyone to go easy on the lampreys .
5 The Angevin Man
Henry II was one of the greatest kings to sit on the English throne .
He was an energetic , intelligent and determined operator who ruled for thirty - five years over a huge swathe of territory .
He brought peace and order to a war - torn England , defeated rebels on all fronts , and set down the principles of English law .
His father had developed a habit of wearing a sprig of bright yellow broom in his hat , from which came his nickname of ‘ Plantagenet ’ , and Henry made the name his own .
Including his fathers estates , his kingdom not only encompassed England and Normandy , but Brittany and the duchies of Anjou , Touraine and Maine , in north eastern France , too .
Henry ’s marriage to Eleanor of Aquitaine added to this her lands in south - western France , and their domain then stretched from the Scottish borders to the Pyrenees ; a realm bigger in area than that ruled by the French king .
This was embarrassing for the French , because William the Conqueror had been no more than a French duke , so the King of England was still technically a vassal of the French monarchy .
Later , when an aging man , Henry began to show favouritism to his youngest son John ( nicknamed John Lackland because he had been promised no great inheritance ) .
The elder sibling , Richard ( later called the Lionheart ) , became fearful for his promised kingdom and allied with his fathers greatest rival , King Phillip of France , and invaded Anjou , the Plantagenet heartland .
They overran Maine and Tours , and Henry made such a mess of clearing the ground before the citadel at Le Mans , he accidentally burnt down the town .
Defeated , weak , ill and deserted by almost everyone , Henry sent John off to safety in Normandy while he galloped off through the forest towards a stronghold at Chinon .
Richard followed his father , blowing a hunting horn as if he were chasing an animal .
Henry became too weak to resist , and at Chinon he surrendered to his son .
As an agreed part of the terms he was shown a list of those nobles who favoured rebellion against him , and on the top of the list was John , the younger son whose interests he ’d been trying to protect .
He gave up the fight against his sickness , saying : ‘ Let things go as they will , I shall struggle no longer . ’
A few hours later he was dead .
Once he had been the greatest king in the west , now he was nothing .
His servants at once ran off , after first stealing everything they could , including the clothes off his body .
A handful of faithful knights arranged for his burial at a convent .
They had to dress him in makeshift finery ; a crown of gold lace from a woman ’s dress , and a lead scepter taken from a statue .
4 Edward II
Edward the Second is famous for being cuckolded by Mel Gibson and losing the Battle of Bannockburn .
He was certainly a feckless playboy who shared a close relationship with one Piers Gaveston ( Piers was n’t thrown out of a window , he was only thrown out of the country ) .
When Edward became king he recalled Gaveston and made him Earl of Cornwall .
Being lower - class , foreign and gay , the kings boyfriend was always going to have to work on his popularity at court .
But he did n’t bother .
Instead , the chirpy Gaveston began a scornful teasing campaign at his success towards all the other noblemen , all of whom had short tempers and long memories .
A king was expected to marry , so the year after his father ’s death Edward took as his wife Isabella , the beautiful 13 - year - old daughter of the French king .
The central issue of the ‘ Braveheart ’ movie , William Wallace ’s sexual liaison with Queen Isabella is improbable .
She would have been about 10 - years - old and unmarried at the time of his execution .
Edward took the opportunity to give large numbers of wedding presents to Piers Gaveston , who proceeded to maliciously flaunt them in front of their donors .
This was finally too much for the barons at the royal court .
They later sought out the insolent young man at Scarborough Castle , dragged him off to a hillside and cut off his head .
Years passed .
The times were desperate , drenched with famine and war .
All looked to the king , for it was a kings duty to lead a nation in times of strife .
Unfortunately Edward II had little inclination or expertise for it , and simply consoled himself in the company of a new friend named Hugh le Despenser .
A despairing population increasingly looked to Edward ’s estranged wife , Queen Isabella , to develop a movement against her listless husband .
Whilst on a trip to France with her twelve year old son ( Edward III ) , she fell in love with a disenfranchised marcher lord named Roger Mortimer , and together they hatched a plot to place the younger Edward on the throne , with themselves serving as co-regents .
In 1326 the Queen , who was niece to the Count of Hainault , was able to return with her paramour and a band of German mercenaries .
The country rose in their support and Edward II fled from London .
After the popular accession of his young son , there was no place for a deposed monarch like Edward II and he was eventually confined in Berkeley castle .
The chances are he would have given no more trouble , but one day , probably at the instigation of Mortimer , his gaolers murdered him .
In the village of Berkeley tales were told of hideous screams emanating from the castle , but it was many years before the truth was known .
Edward had been killed ‘ with a hoot brooche ( hot meat - roasting spit ) putte thro the secret place posterialle ’ .
3 Richard II
This king started out with great promise .
At the age of fourteen he fearlessly rode out to meet thousands of disenchanted peasants who were in rebellion , and concluded the day by leading them out of London and sending them home .
Facing down the rebels in 1381 was Richard ’s one and only hour of glory .
In adulthood he proved to be a bad tempered , dishonest and vain sovereign , and the first king to demand he be addressed as ‘ your majesty ’ .
He married Anne of Bohemia , a sister to King Wenceslas the Good , whom he adored , but after her death , during a wave of plague in 1394 , he became increasingly irrational .
Two years later he wed the French King ’s daughter , Isabella , but it was n’t a hit , possibly because she was only six .
Richard was afraid of John of Gaunt , the last survivor of the days of the Black Prince .
The immensely wealthy and influential John was the effective centre of power , and the key figure in the royal family tree in those days .
His lineage would later be quoted by the Tudors in the Wars ’ of the Roses , to back up their legitimate claim to the throne .
When the old man died in 1399 , Richard was bold enough to confiscate his vast estates , which had been promised to John ’s son , Henry Bolingbroke .
In doing this he made one enemy too many .
Henry was a tough character with many friends , and none of them felt safe if the great Duchy of Lancaster could be seized at the royal whim .
Since the English were a warlike race , Richard planned to go Ireland , where English settlers had been driven back to a small pale around Dublin .
This could have been done , but in Ireland there was no worthwhile plunder for a rampaging army .
When Richard made a visit there to assess things Henry Bolingbroke turned up with a force of mercenaries , and by the time the King reached Flint Castle in Wales on his return journey , he found himself opposed by 60,000 men .
Lacking enough loyal nobles to fight himself out of trouble , Richard was compelled to surrender to his cousin .
Henry had started out with the intention of just reclaiming his inheritance , but the unpopularity of the King among the nobles of England was such that his arrival developed into a full blown takeover .
A short time later Richard abjectly handed over his crown and was imprisoned in Pontefract Castle .
He probably knew he had n’t long to live .
The official version is that he went on hunger strike , and Henry displayed the dead corpse to prove he had n’t been physically harmed .
However , it ’s likely he was purposely starved to death or poisoned .
With the connivance of Parliament , now as strong as it had ever been , Henry Bolingbroke was then installed as King Henry IV .
He addressed his Parliament in English , the first King to ever do so .
2 Uneasy Kingship
Henry Bolingbroke , now Henry IV , had been talked into seizing the crown , and he did n’t particularly enjoy being King .
He came to learn that anyone who seizes the crown is likely to face attempts by others to seize it from him .
He was constantly troubled by rebellions , and was so nervous of assassination he sometimes slept in his armor when on campaign .
When he became older he began to suffer from poor health , and his son ( later , Henry V ) took more and more responsibility on himself , as his father slowly rotted with leprosy , or possibly syphilis .
Either way , the poor man was pretty much falling to bits .
During his illness he had been comforted by the prophecy that he would die in Jerusalem , and he swore that when he felt well enough he would go the Holy Land .
One day , in 1413 , he passed out while praying in Westminster Abbey , and his courtiers carried him to the apartments of the Abbot .
“ Where am I ? ” he asked when he briefly revived .
“ In the Jerusalem Chamber at Westminster , ” came the reply .
1 King Oliver
Oliver Cromwell – What !
Hold on , Cromwell was not a king .
Strictly speaking that ’s true , but his friends did suggest that , since he commanded 40,000 war hardened veterans , he could easily take the crown and give birth to a new dynasty .
He refused , of course , and took the title Lord Protector , which was okay because it was just like having a king , anyway .
Since the Puritan Parliament failed to find a way of governing the country sensibly , he dismissed it and ruled as an autocrat , just as the Stuart kings had done .
After much dour pondering , in 1547 Parliament had first ensured the Catholic sounding ‘ mass ’ was taken out of Christmas and changed the name to Christ - tide .
It then quickly prohibited its observance altogether .
It also abolished feasts at Easter and Whitsun , and ordered a monthly fast .
When Parliament ordered a fast day , soldiers were authorized to enter private houses and confiscate any meat found in the kitchens .
Parliament would not allow dancing , not even around a Maypole on a village green , and they closed all the theaters in London .
They were very strict about the observance of Sunday , too , and forbade the playing of sports and games on that day .
Even sex was deemed sinful if it was enjoyed .
Cromwell did n’t instigate any of these changes , but the rules were in force when he gained power and they remained unchanged until the restoration of the monarchy .
Oliver Cromwell died of malaria in 1658 , a disease he probably contracted during his Irish campaign .
His body was preserved , and after the Restoration it was ripped from its tomb and hung on public display from the gallows at Tyburn ( present day Marble Arch ) .
Later it was dismembered and the body thrown into a pit dug for the disposal of common criminals .
The head was stuck on a stake , and for thirty years it decorated the front of Westminster Hall .
Afterwards , it was passed around the town to be used as a conversation piece at high - society parties .
Yesterday afternoon 's rally was billed as the GOOD JOBS NOW CAMPAIGN !
15,000 were expected to attend but according to the AFL - CIO website 31,000 Deliver Message to Wall Street : Fix The Mess You Made .
That is more than double the expected turnout .
The rally began at a staging area besides City Hall 4 p.m , just after Wall Street 's closing bell .
Before walking to the " Scene of the Crime " many people were heard discussing not just issue of justice and fairness but the survival of Democracy .
The main speaker at the staging area was the AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka who said he was " fired up but hopeful . "
The message to Wall St. was clear .
The people were vocal .
Most of the people there seemed to be looking for answers .
Many were talking about record profits and banker salaries on Wall St. while people on Main St. are struggling .
Democracy is threatened when bankers bring in record profits and salaries that stem from government loans as the people get public transit cuts , teachers get laid off and community outreach programs are shut down .
Yesterday was also the final day of the nearby St. Vincent 's hospital .
There was a call for " economic patriotism . "
Even though the old cry for single payer healthcare that was so strong at previous labor rallies is all over with there was still the belief that politicians are listening .
People should have been more angry but spirits were high and just like Mr. Trumka , the people seem hopeful .
There was happy people ;
Young people ;
And funny people ;
Smiles all around ;
Wonderful sign in the background .
" People First Economy " what a concept .
Never mind first , today 's news would not be " three quarters of growth " if the people were even accounted for .
Waiting for the speakers we sang along with Queen " We will , we will Rock you " and Aretha Franklin " R - E - S - P - C - T " as we greeted one another and discussed the state of the nation .
No politician attended this rally .
The first to speak was the usually very powerful public speaker Michael Mulgrew who is the head of the United Federation of Teachers and " Not the kind of person you want to ignore . "
Not that he did n't lead of with a powerful introduction but this time he decided to let others remind the people of what education is up against .
After a few words of encouragement , he let struggling teachers and students do his speaking .
John T. Ahern , the president of the New York City Central Labor Council stepped up and said ;
" Americans are losing their jobs , they 're losing their homes , their benefits , they 're losing their retirements , and brothers and sisters , they 're losing their dignity ... Americans are left counting pennies while bankers are counting billions . "
The anger was building .
The student who spoke told people about the budget cutbacks at his school and worries that his education is threatened by a Wall st. bailout .
He asked " Why are the children paying for this Wall St. mess ? "
There were two spiritual leaders , a Rabbi and a minster .
Ellen Lippmann , the Rabbi told a story , something about the reason that poor people are poor is because the rich people are rich and if people cannot find the answer than " God will rotate the universe in such a way that the star that is on top will sink to the bottom . "
The Minster gave a powerful speech that ended with " The Promised Land " speech of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and the crowd went crazy .
A women from the Bronx stepped up to the lectern who should not be walking but has no choice .
She is a renter and her building along with many others in the city was purchased by real estate speculators before the bubble burst .
After the big corporation defaulted on her building all services ended .
Besides no heat or hot water , with no elevator , she can not get her wheelchair back and forth from her 4th floor apartment .
This woman is still waiting for her bailout .
The last speaker before Richard Trumka was Benjamin Todd Jealous .
The leader of the NAACP spoke about the people who had already forgotten the newly registered voters from 2008 .
He talked about money buying politician 's votes but that money can't buy voters .
He claimed that 2010 is when they find out about the voters .
The workers were fired up for the final speaker , Richard Trumka .
Mr. Trumka theme was " It 's time to put people ahead of profits " and " Tough times do n't last .
Tough people do . "
As he reminded the workers of all the people that we are there for , the message was repeated over and over " Wall Street fix the mess that you made . "
We ’re here today for the folks who were played for suckers in the casino economy and will be silent no more .
And the message we bring is this : Wall Street , fix the mess you made .
The AFL - CIO leader did not address the politicians cashing the checks of banker 's lobbyist .
As he told the workers that " we either sink or swim together " Mr. Trumka asked the bankers to stop flooding Washington with lobbyist .
America lost 8.5 million jobs because of the financial crisis created by Wall Street , Trumka said , and now is 11 million jobs in the hole .
We need to go back to basics , where good jobs , not bad debts , drive our growth .
An economy where Wall Street is the servant , and not the master of Main Street .
We were reminded of how a real economy works .
You can see the entire speech here ;
The goal may have been to " force a which - side - are - you - on movement for U.S. senators . "
One of the rally ’s sponsors , National People ’s Action , a coalition of community groups , dispatched more than 300 members to take over the lobby of the JPMorgan Chase headquarters at 270 Park Avenue at lunchtime .
The protesters denounced the bank for not doing more to help struggling families and those hurt by the subprime mortgage crisis .
At the afternoon rally in Lower Manhattan , George Goehl , the executive director of National People ’s Action , chided Congress for not having already enacted far - reaching financial legislation .
But it actually sounded more like an appeal to bankers rather than elected officials .
A mass texting was called for , not to elected officials but to a bank and Mr. Trumka was pleading with bankers to ease up on bringing our banker washed tax dollars to politicians .
Have we really reached the point where we need answers from the people who took TARP money and invested it in treasury bills instead of home mortgages and small business loans ?
Are so many elected officials talking about banking reform hurting the economy that we must hope the bankers will grasp the idea that either we sink or swim together ?
Perhaps , so when the speeches were over the workers marched to Wall St. hoping the bankers could see us for a change .
Did you know that Broadway from City Hall to Wall Street is called " The Canyon of Heroes " for many parades ?
By that time the banking fat cats were already home in their mansions but middle management was calling down from windows in a show of support and look , Daffy 's is still going strong .
From the street the heroes welcome was unmistakable .
The marchers made the turn at the end of Broadway .
And moved toward Battery Park .
Just a few steps from where a sphere stands that was once round and once divided the two towers of the World Trade Center .
There was one last photo shoot of some of the more colorful protesters .
Then as the rally ended the workers went and supported the local businesses before a subway ride home .
Nothing taste as good as a New York City hot dog after a march .
What does Democracy look like ?
This is what Democracy look like !
What does Democracy sound like ?
This is what Democracy sounds like !
What does representative government look like ?
This is what representative government looks like !
The good police officer has a " V.I.P. guest list " for the people who are admitted to City Hall .
And for the privileged , free parking on what was once City Hall Park .
Nothing left to do now but wait and see if the bankers get the message and stop buying those poor innocent elected officials .
Do research .
Are the solutions you found in step 1 suitable to the problem at hand ?
Consider the pros and cons of each item .
Now , carefully evaluate how idiomatic the items are to your language and environment .
If the item is open source , does the community seem active ?
If it does n't fully map to your problem , does it look like you can modify it to do so ?
Even if you end up developing a solution from scratch , you should at least now have some good references .
Keep in mind , extending an existing project may be considerably less work .
You might even be able to offload maintenance of that component .
3 . Consider the license .
This is n't just for the legal department .
What kind of project you are working on will weigh in heavily .
Commercial or open source ?
As a software professional , you need to be abreast with the various licenses in the wild .
As an open source developer , you need to consider how licenses will affect your work being packaged by distributions .
An open source library licensed under the GPL is not acceptable for static linking to commercial software .
However , you can link to an operating system provided copy or bundle the dynamic library with your application .
LGPL does not have this restriction .
With both of these , you must supply your changes upon request from end users among other things .
BSD , MIT , and Apache style licenses allow you to make changes and redistribute under completely different licenses .
Some just want credit in your documentation .
These are very compelling even in commercial development .
Commercial components may have a per-copy fee associated which may dissuade their use by your organization .
If you do n't get the source , you wo n't be able to effectively change or maintain it so you will also be at mercy of that developer .
The use of music in therapy for the brain has evolved rapidly as brain - imaging techniques have revealed the brain ’s plasticity — its ability to change — and have identified networks that music activates .
Armed with this growing knowledge , doctors and researchers are employing music to retrain the injured brain .
Studies by the authors and other researchers have revealed that because music and motor control share circuits , music can improve movement in patients who have suffered a stroke or who have Parkinson ’s disease .
Research has shown that neurologic music therapy can also help patients with language or cognitive difficulties , and the authors suggest that these techniques should become part of rehabilitative care .
Future findings may well indicate that music should be included on the list of therapies for a host of other disorders as well .
The role of music in therapy has gone through some dramatic shifts in the past 15 years , driven by new insights from research into music and brain function .
These shifts have not been reflected in public awareness , though , or even among some professionals .
Biomedical researchers have found that music is a highly structured auditory language involving complex perception , cognition , and motor control in the brain , and thus it can effectively be used to retrain and reeducate the injured brain .
While the first data showing these results were met with great skepticism and even resistance , over time the consistent accumulation of scientific and clinical research evidence has diminished the doubts .
Therapists and physicians use music now in rehabilitation in ways that are not only backed up by clinical research findings but also supported by an understanding of some of the mechanisms of music and brain function .
Rapid developments in music research have been introduced quickly into neurologic therapy ( see sidebar ) over the past 10 years .
Maybe due to the fast introduction , the traditional public perception of music as a ‘ soft ’ addition , a beautiful luxury that cannot really help heal the brain , has not caught up with these scientific developments .
But music can .
Evidence - based models of music in therapy have moved from soft science — or no science — to hard science .
Neurologic music therapy does meet the standards of evidence - based medicine , and it should be included in standard rehabilitation care .
Where We Started
While the notion that music has healing powers over mind and body has ancient origins , its formal use as therapy emerged in the middle of the 20th century .
At that time , music therapists thought of their work as rooted in social science :
The art had value as therapy because it performed a variety of social and emotional roles in a society ’s culture .
In this early therapy , music was used , as it had been through the ages , to foster emotional expression and support ; help build personal relationships ; create and facilitate positive group behaviors ; represent symbolically beliefs and ideas ; and support other forms of learning .
In the clinic , patients listened to music or played it together with the therapists or other patients to build relationships , promote well - being , express feelings , and interact socially .
Because early music therapy was built upon these laudable and important but therapeutically narrow concepts , many in health care , including insurers , viewed it as merely an accessory to good therapy .
For decades it was difficult to collect scientific evidence that music therapy was working because no one knew what the direct effects of music on the brain were .
Now , however , the approaches that are central to brain rehabilitation focus on disease - specific therapeutic effects , demonstrated by rigorous research .
Neuroscience Steps Up
During the past two decades , new brain imaging and electrical recording techniques have combined to reshape our view of music in therapy and education .
These techniques ( functional magnetic resonance imaging , positron - emission tomography , electroencephalography , and magnetoencephalography ) allowed us for the first time to watch the living human brain while people were performing complex cognitive and motor tasks .
Now it was possible to conduct brain studies of perception and cognition in the arts .
1
From the beginning of imaging research , music was part of the investigation .
Scientists used it as a model to study how the brain processes verbal versus nonverbal communication , how it processes complex time information , and how a musician ’s brain enables the advanced and complicated motor skills necessary to perform a musical work .
After years of such research , two findings stand out as particularly important for using music in rehabilitation .
First , the brain areas activated by music are not unique to music ; the networks that process music also process other functions .
Second , music learning changes the brain .
The brain areas involved in music are also active in processing language , auditory perception , attention , memory , executive control , and motor control .
2
Music efficiently accesses and activates these systems and can drive complex patterns of interaction among them .
For example , the same area near the front of the brain is activated whether a person is processing a problem in the syntax of a sentence or in a musical piece , such as a wrong note in a melody .
This region , called Broca ’s area after the French neurologist from the 19th century who described it , is also important in processing the sequencing of physical movement and in tracking musical rhythms , and it is critical for converting thought into spoken words .
Scientists speculate , therefore , that Broca ’s area supports the appropriate timing , sequencing , and knowledge of rules that are common and essential to music , speech , and movement .
3
A key example of the second finding , that music learning changes the brain , is research clearly showing that through such learning , auditory and motor areas in the brain grow larger and interact more efficiently .
After novice pianists have just a few weeks of training , for example , the areas in their brain serving hand control become larger and more connected .
It quickly became clear that music can drive plasticity in the human brain , shaping it through training and learning .
4
Researchers in the field of neurologic rehabilitation have described parallel results .
They found that the brain changes in structure and function as a result of learning , training , and environmental influences .
Exposure and experience will create new and more efficient connections between neurons in the brain in a sort of “ rewiring ” process .
This discovery fundamentally changed how therapists developed new interventions .
Passive stimulation and facilitation were no longer considered effective ; active learning and training promised to be the best strategy to help rewire the injured brain and recover as much ability as possible .
Further clinical research has strongly confirmed this approach .
5
By combining these developments — brain imaging , insight into plasticity , and finding that musical and non-musical functions share systems — therapists finally could build a powerful , testable hypothesis for using music in rehabilitation : Music can drive general reeducation of cognitive , motor , and speech and language functions via shared brain systems and plasticity .
Once used only as a supplementary stimulation to facilitate treatment , music could now be investigated as a potential element of active learning and training .
First Steps with Movement
To explore this hypothesis , in the early 1990s we began to extract and study shared mechanisms between musical and non-musical functions in motor control .
One of the most important shared mechanisms is rhythm and timing .
Timing is key to proficient motor learning and skilled motor activities ; without it , a person cannot execute movement appropriately and skillfully .
Rhythm and timing are also important elements in music .
Rhythm timing adds an anticipation component to movement timing .
The necessary harness for all elements of musical sound architecture , rhythm is also important in learning the appropriate motor control in order to play music .
We hypothesized that by using musical rhythms as timing signals we might improve a person ’s motor control during non-musical movement .
To test this idea , we used rhythmic auditory cues to give people an external “ sensory timer ” with which they could try to synchronize their walking .
When we tried it with patients with stroke or Parkinson ’s disease , their improvements in certain areas were instantaneous and stunning .
By following the rhythmic cues , patients recovering from stroke were able to walk faster and with better control over the affected side of their bodies .
Some of the more complex measures of movement control , such as neuromuscular activation , limb coordination , angle extensions , and trajectories of the joints and centers of body mass , also became significantly more consistent , smoother , and flexible .
6
For those with Parkinson ’s disease , it was interesting to see that music and rhythm could quicken their movements and also serve as an auditory trigger to keep the movements going and prevent “ freezing ” ( the sudden halt of all movement ) , which occurs frequently in Parkinson ’s patients .
7
These improvements held up over long - term training and also proved to be superior in comparison with other standard physical therapy interventions .
8
We then applied the same concepts to arm therapy , with similar success .
Since then , other studies have confirmed and extended our research .
The therapy created from it , rhythmic auditory stimulation , now is considered part of the state - of - the - art repertoire in motor therapies .
Our results added weight to the idea that music could shape movements in therapy by accessing shared elements of musical and non-musical motor control ( rhythm , timing ) and thus powerfully enhance relearning and retraining in a clinical environment .
In a recent study that utilized brain imaging in patients with stroke , arm training with auditory rhythm triggered brain plasticity , as predicted .
Additional areas in the sensorimotor cortex and the cerebellum were activated by the training .
In comparison , standard physical therapy did not result in any evidence of new changes in brain activations .
9
Reaching for Speech and Cognition
Clinical research studies in the past 10 years have extended the use of music from motor therapy to the rehabilitation of speech , language , and cognitive functions .
Scientists wondered if they could design therapeutic music exercises that would affect general cognition and speech and language functions via plasticity in shared brain systems the way they had for motor therapies .
It was n’t as clear from the outset , though , exactly what advantage music would show over other methods of retraining impaired cognition or language functions .
It was easier to see that music has advantages over other types of therapies for motor control because of its rhythmic patterns that drive priming and timing of the motor system , and the rich connectivity between the neurons in the auditory system and those in the motor system .
One can picture the auditory neurons responding to rhythmic stimuli and firing in patterns that spread via connecting nerve fibers into motor neurons , activating them in synchronicity .
How music could facilitate cognition and language training was initially less obvious .
Two insights from research help to bridge this gap .
The first extends the idea that the brain systems underlying music are shared with other functions .
Evidence suggests that music may activate these systems differently than speech or other stimuli do and might enhance the way the systems work together .10
For example , music tends to activate brain structures either bilaterally — in both hemispheres simultaneously — or in the right hemisphere more than the left .
For injuries on one side of the brain , music may create more flexible neural resources to train or relearn functions .
Aphasia rehabilitation is a good example .
Singing — which relies mainly on right - hemisphere brain systems — can bypass injured left - hemisphere speech centers to help people produce speech .
11
We have shown in a memory study that learning word lists in a song activates temporal and frontal brain areas on both sides of the brain , while spoken - word learning activates only areas in the left hemisphere .
12 Music also can activate the attention network on both sides of the brain , which can help overcome attention problems caused by stroke or traumatic brain injury .
13
The second helpful insight was the development of the auditory scaffolding hypothesis .
14
This model proposes that the brain assigns nearly everything that deals with temporal processing , timing , and sequencing to the auditory system .
This process works because sound is inherently a temporal signal , and the auditory system is specialized and highly sensitive for perceiving time information .
For example , short - term auditory verbal memory ( in spoken words ) is better than short - term visual memory ( in written words ) .
Similarly , people can track and remember auditory tone sequences better than visual or tactile ones .
And people who are deaf also often have trouble developing non-auditory temporal skills .
Cognitive abilities such as language , learning and remembering , attention , reasoning , and problem - solving require complex temporal organization .
Experiences with sound may help bootstrap — or provide a kind of scaffolding for — developing or retraining such abilities .
As music may be the most complex temporal auditory language , it may offer superior auditory scaffolding for cognitive learning .
Using these two insights , researchers could make a case for trying music as therapy in speech , language , and cognitive rehabilitation .
Evidence from the research that ensued supports the clinical effectiveness of music and has identified the brain processes that underlie these effects .
For example , various studies have shown that therapeutic music exercises can help improve verbal output for people with aphasia , strengthen respiratory and vocal systems , stimulate language development in children , and increase fluency and articulation .
Music therapy can retrain auditory perception , attention , memory , and executive control ( including reasoning , problem - solving , and decision - making ) .
15
Next Frontier : Mood ?
The extended shared brain system theory and the auditory scaffolding theory provided a new theoretical foundation for the therapeutic use of music in motor , speech and language , and cognitive rehabilitation .
In the future , new theories may help us understand the other effects of music , and point the way to new types of rehabilitation .
For example , how can we harness the ability of music to evoke and induce mood and emotion to help retrain the injured or depressive brain ?
We know that the capacity for memory improves when people are in a positive mood .
We also know that rational reasoning in executive control requires integrating and evaluating both logic and emotion .
In this context , one question is whether emotions evoked by music can contribute to executive control training in rehabilitation , and if so , how .
The problem is that we still do not know the exact nature of these emotional responses and whether they relate to those that we experience in everyday life .
If we find answers to questions like these , we might someday use music to retrain emotional and psychosocial competence — not in the traditional music therapy sense of improving well - being , but rather as a functional goal in cognitive ability .
Biomedical research in music has come a long way to open new and effective doors for music to help reeducate the injured brain .
Of course , much still needs to be done :
More professionals need specialized training , and other possibilities for rehabilitation require further research and clinical development .
Scientists need to better understand what dosages work best , to pay more attention to research that will benefit children , and to focus on disorders in which neurologic music therapy lacks rigorous study so far , such as autism , spinal cord injury , cerebral palsy , and multiple sclerosis .
In addition , the effects of brain injury can be complex , and researchers must take individual factors into account and adapt to individual needs .
Neurologic music therapists share those aims with practitioners in other rehabilitation disciplines .
What no longer requires confirmation is the premise that music in therapy works , in principle and in practice .
It is a fact : Music shows promise for helping to heal the brain .
Research has identified specific areas in which music is an effective therapeutic approach .
Neurologic music therapy now meets the standards of evidence - based medicine , is recognized by the World Federation of Neurorehabilitation , and should be a tool for standard rehabilitation care .
16 Insurance companies must become familiar with the research evidence and reimburse patients who have conditions for which the evidence supports its effectiveness .
Neurologic music therapy is a specialized practice , but it is based on elements and principles of music and brain function that can be integrated by all rehabilitation professions .
In this way , it offers a strong foundation for interdisciplinary teamwork that will benefit patients .
On 6 October 1981 , President Anwar al - Sadat attended a parade to mark the anniversary of the crossing of the Suez Canal in the 1973 war with Israel .
It was also an occasion to display the American , British and French aircraft Egypt had recently acquired : symbols of its realignment with the West after more than two decades as a Soviet ally .
Sadat wore a Prussian - style uniform but no bullet - proof vest : it would have ruined the line .
Rumours of a plot were in the air , and his vice president , Hosni Mubarak , had warned him not to go .
Sadat brushed this off , but when he stood to receive the salute , he was killed in a hail of grenades and bullets , fired by a group of Islamist soldiers in his own army .
‘ I have killed Pharaoh , and I do not fear death , ’ the lead assassin , a 24 - year - old lieutenant , declared .
Only eight days later a new pharaoh rose in Egypt , and he has been in power ever since .
Hosni Mubarak , who stood beside Sadat at the procession , was an improbable successor : a circumspect career soldier whose appointment to the vice presidency in 1975 had come as a shock to political observers .
Born in 1928 in a small village in the Nile River Delta , the son of an inspector in the Ministry of Justice , Mubarak was little known to Egyptians , or even to his colleagues : he was a loner , with no outside interests to speak of , and no taste , or talent , for the rituals of mass politics at which both Nasser and Sadat excelled .
Unlike them he had not been among the Free Officers who seized power in the 1952 coup against the monarchy .
He had , however , loyally served the state and – as commander in chief of the air force – launched the surprise attack in 1973 which allowed ground forces to cross into the Sinai Peninsula .
Mubarak admitted his political inexperience when he took office , pledging to ask for advice , and suggesting limited presidential terms .
He is now 82 , and has ruled Egypt – and presided over its decline – for 29 years .
Presidential elections are scheduled for next year , but he has said he will serve ‘ until the last breath in my lungs , and the last beat of my heart ’ .
This is a promise he ’s likely to keep .
Egypt has never been a democracy .
The military has always dominated its political life .
Even during the age of liberal nationalism after the First World War , when it had a lively parliamentary life , popular sovereignty was sharply curtailed by British power .
Since the 1952 coup which brought Nasser to power , it has been ruled by military dictatorship , although the establishment of multi-party politics in the late 1970s brought a measure of cosmetic diversification .
Still , autocratic though they were , both Nasser and Sadat ensured that what Egypt did mattered .
Nasser ’s failures were spectacular : the aborted union with Syria in the United Arab Republic ; the disastrous intervention in the civil war in Yemen ; the catastrophic 1967 defeat to Israel that resulted in the destruction of three - quarters of Egypt ’s air force and the loss of the Sinai ; the creation of a vast and inefficient public sector which the state could not afford ; the suppression of dissent , indeed of politics itself .
But he also carried out land reform , nationalised the Suez Canal , built the Aswan High Dam , and turned Egypt into a major force in the Non-Aligned Movement .
When Nasser spoke , the Arab world listened .
Sadat broke with Nasser ’s pan-Arab vision , promoting an Egypt - first agenda that ultimately led the country into the arms of the US and Israel .
But , like Nasser , he was a statesman of considerable flair and cunning , with a prodigious ability to seize the initiative .
By leading Egypt to a partial victory in the 1973 war , he washed away some of the shame of 1967 , and eventually secured the restoration of the Sinai .
And though his peace with Israel infuriated the Arabs , whom Nasser had electrified , he made Egypt a player in the world .
Under Mubarak , Egypt , the ‘ mother of the earth ’ ( umm idduniya ) , has seen its influence plummet .
Nowhere is the decline of the Sunni Arab world so acutely felt as in Cairo ‘ the Victorious ’ , a mega-city much of which has turned into an enormous slum .
The air is so thick with fumes you can hardly breathe , the atmosphere as constricted as the country ’s political life .
Frustration , shame , humiliation : it does not take much for Egyptians to call up these feelings .
It ’s still often said that ‘ what happens in Egypt affects the entire Arab world , ’ but nothing much has happened there in years .
Egypt has fallen behind Saudi Arabia – not to mention non-Arab countries like Turkey and Iran – in regional leadership .
Even tiny Qatar has a more independent foreign policy .
Egypt is by far the largest Arab country , with 80 million inhabitants , yet it ’s seen by most Arabs – and by the Egyptians themselves – as a client state of the United States and Israel , who depend on Mubarak to ensure regional ‘ stability ’ in the struggle with the ‘ resistance front ’ led by Iran .
The liberalisation of Egypt ’s economy – launched by Sadat ’s Infitah ( Open Door ) policy in 1974 – has earned Mubarak praise from the World Bank .
The 2007 constitution , purged of references to socialism , says that ‘ the economy of the Arab Republic of Egypt is founded on the development of the spirit of enterprise . ’
Yet Egypt ’s market is anything but free : businesses tend to have very close , and mutually profitable , relationships with the state , in which the Mubarak family often participates and takes its cut .
Hussein Salem , a hotel magnate , arms dealer and co-owner of the Eastern Mediterranean Gas Company – an Egyptian - Israeli consortium that recently secured a $ 2.5 billion contract to sell Egypt ’s natural gas to Israel – is thought to be one of Mubarak ’s frontmen ; the gas began flowing in early 2008 , just as Israel was tightening the siege of Gaza .
Despite the promises of the regime – and contrary to the expectations of Egypt ’s sponsors in the West – economic liberalisation has n’t led to much in the way of political liberalisation : in 1992 , the year it adopted an IMF stabilisation and structural adjustment package , Egypt began sending civilians to be tried at military tribunals .
The Emergency Law , in force since Sadat ’s assassination and recently renewed despite Mubarak ’s promise to lift it , grants the government extraordinary powers to arrest its opponents without charge and to detain them indefinitely ; there are an estimated 17,000 political prisoners , most of them Islamists .
The ideology of Mubarak ’s National Democratic Party has undergone marked shifts in recent years , alternating between Milton Friedman and Muhammad , as the occasion demands .
Arab unity , as the novelist Sonallah Ibrahim remarks , has been reduced to the ‘ unity of foreign commodities consumed by everyone ’ .
Not inappropriately , the most popular military officer on billboards in Egypt is n’t Mubarak but Colonel Sanders of Kentucky Fried Chicken .
The increasing globalisation of the economy , along with its 7.5 per cent growth rates , is something the NDP likes to boast about , but it is seen rather differently by the population : inflation has soared since the currency was floated in 2003 , and real unemployment is 26.3 per cent .
Mubarak ’s reforms have n’t turned Egypt into a ‘ tiger on the Nile ’ , as promised ; the economy remains precariously dependent on the price of oil , American aid ( more than $ 62 billion since 1977 ) and tourism .
Egypt still imports more than half the wheat it consumes .
Foreign policy is a particularly anguished subject .
While the peace with Israel reached in 1979 by Sadat may make Egypt a ‘ moderate ’ state in the eyes of Washington , it has left many Egyptians deeply embittered .
Mubarak drew a lesson from Sadat ’s fate : it was one thing to make a deal with Israel – quite another to make nice .
He would honour the peace treaty , but he would not go to Tel Aviv , or engage in ostentatious displays of friendship that would offend Egyptian honour ; and he would turn a blind eye to anti-Israel invective in the press , so that opponents of ‘ normalisation ’ with Tel Aviv could let off steam .
By maintaining an appearance of froideur , Mubarak was able to repair relations with the Arab League and with the Arab states that had cut their ties with Egypt in 1979 .
Meanwhile , he has developed a partnership with Israel on trade and ‘ security ’ that is far more extensive than Sadat could have imagined .
Their intelligence services work closely together , and Mubarak has supplied weapons and training to the Palestinian Authority in its war against Hamas .
The government is also doing what it can to maintain the siege in Gaza , concerned that if it opens its border crossing , Israel might shut down all its crossing points and try to dump Gaza in Egypt ’s lap , which would be particularly unwelcome given that the Hamas rulers in Gaza are allies both of Mubarak ’s domestic opponents , the Muslim Brothers , and of his foreign adversaries , Iran and Hizbullah .
Mubarak does n’t want to be responsible for the welfare of more than a million impoverished Palestinians , or to be blamed by Israel for every Qassam rocket fired at Tsederot .
When , in January 2008 , Hamas blew up part of the fence at Rafah , and tens of thousands of Gazans crossed the border , some of his fellow countrymen were persuaded by his ‘ Egypt First ’ argument .
But more of them were outraged when he refused to open the crossing during Israel ’s invasion last year .
Many suspect a degree of complicity between Israel and Mubarak against Hamas : the war began less than 48 hours after Israel ’s foreign minister , Tzipi Livni , visited Cairo .
As well as securing the border at Rafah , Egypt is building a wall 18 metres underground , an impenetrable barrier made of super - strength steel .
It is reported to be doing this with American assistance , though the US denies it .
In any case the entire plan was kept secret until recently , and the Mubarak regime is n’t keen to draw attention to what it euphemistically calls ‘ engineering installations ’ .
The official line is that it ’s intended to prevent arms smuggling by Hamas , but the barrier could choke the Gazan economy , which depends on the tunnels .
Mubarak , however , insists : ‘ We do not accept debate on this issue with anyone . ’
Like many of his least popular policies , this one comes with a fatwa from a group of pro-government clerics according to which ‘ those who oppose the construction of this wall violate the sharia . ’
The Islamisation of Egyptian society deepened after the 1967 war ; it became explicit government policy under Sadat , the self - styled ‘ believer president ’ who supported radical Islamists in his battles with the left , and who made the sharia ‘ the principal source ’ of law in 1980 – a year before his assassination by an Islamist .
Under Mubarak , praying has become as popular as shopping or football and now serves a roughly similar function as a distraction from the innumerable frustrations of Egyptian life .
Indeed , Islam as observed by Egyptians is increasingly an Islam that caters to consumerist needs .
The popular televangelist Amr Khaled mixes Quranic citations with boosterish advice of a more general kind .
This variety of Islam is no threat to the regime , but it has made life far less easy - going .
‘ My neighbour used to water his plants in his pyjamas on the balcony , where he’d be joined by his wife in her nightie , ’ a friend tells me .
‘ They ’d drink beer in the open , and then he ’d go downstairs for the sunset prayers in the local mosque .
Today he’d be killed for this , but at the time he would have seen no contradiction . ’
The growing power of the mosques – and the considerable influence the Muslim Brothers exert in poor neighbourhoods – has made Egypt ’s Coptic minority increasingly anxious , and they have developed a no less assertive piety of their own .
The Copts , whose ancestors were in Egypt before the arrival of Islam in the seventh century , account for about 10 per cent of the population .
Although many of them are poor – the largely Coptic zabaleen , who pick up most of Cairo ’s garbage , are packed into an immense slum in the Moqattan Hills Settlement east of the capital – they are widely seen and resented as economically privileged .
( Egypt ’s richest family , the Sawiris , who own the enormous conglomerate Orascom and are close to Mubarak , are Copts . )
They suffer various forms of discrimination : senior positions in the civil service and the professions tend to be closed to them and churches , unlike mosques , do n’t receive subsidies .
They find little reassurance in the rhetoric of the Muslim Brothers – whose former General Guide , Mahdi Akef , recently declared that he would prefer a Malaysian Muslim as president to a Christian Egyptian – and fear that if Egypt becomes an Islamic state they will be forced to leave .
Fanatics in the Coptic diaspora , some of whom have made common cause with Christian Zionists in the US , have done little to dispel the impression among Muslims that Christians are a Trojan horse of the West .
This climate of distrust has resulted in increasingly frequent spasms of sectarian violence .
On Christmas
Eve last year , six worshippers in the town of Nag Hammadi were murdered outside a church in a drive - by shooting , apparently in retaliation for the rape of a Muslim girl .
Anti-Muslim looting followed and the government was swift to intervene , declaring that the violence was n’t sectarian but merely traditional score - settling between families .
This fooled no one .
Not long before , tens of thousands of pigs , on which the zabaleen depend for their livelihood , had been slaughtered by the state , allegedly to prevent swine flu .
Many Muslims were secretly relieved , flu or no flu .
But even the most secular Christians were horrified by what they saw as a state - sanctioned sectarian assault .
The 1952 revolution , once the central legitimating myth of the regime , is now criticised by most of the population as having destroyed a potentially promising experiment in parliamentary democracy , condemning Egypt to dictatorial rule .
Many continue even so to pine for Nasser , with his commitment to ‘ Arab socialism ’ and non-alignment .
Others look back to the classical age of Egyptian liberalism in the last decades of British rule , while still others pray for the return of the caliphate .
Another symptom of this retreat into nostalgia is the growing curiosity about the ethnic minorities – Jews , Greeks , Armenians , Italians – who once helped run Egypt ’s economy , and made Cairo and Alexandria remarkably cosmopolitan cities , before they were put under pressure to leave in the mid-1950s .
At the time , their exodus , like Nasser ’s nationalisation of the Suez Canal , was seen as a great coup : evidence of Egypt ’s triumph over foreign hegemony .
Now it ’s seen as the beginning of its economic and cultural decline .
In Heliopolis , a new film by Ahmed Abdallah , a young man doing research on ‘ minorities ’ in pre-revolutionary Egypt befriends an elderly Jewish woman ; in a striking documentary sequence , a group of old people fondly remember a time when local shops were run by Jews and Greeks .
If Egyptians long for an irretrievable past , Abdallah suggests , it ’s because their future has been put on hold .
He leaves little doubt as to the causes .
A young couple who are drifting apart wait in one of Cairo ’s interminable traffic jams , only to be told by a police officer that they will have to wait a bit longer : the road ahead has been blocked to make way for the president ’s motorcade .
Mubarak ’s Egypt is often compared to Iran in the last days of the Shah : a middle class squeezed by inflation ; anger at the regime ’s alliances with the US and Israel ; a profound sense of humiliation that is increasingly expressed in Islamic fervour ; near universal contempt for the country ’s ruling class ; a state whose legitimacy has almost entirely eroded .
In 2005 , the Egyptian Movement for Change – a coalition of leftists , Nasserists and Islamists better known as Kifaya ( ‘ Enough ’ ) – staged a series of demonstrations in downtown Cairo , where , for the first time , Egyptians dared to criticise Mubarak in public , and to call for him to step down .
Since then , hundreds of thousands of Egyptians have demonstrated : leftists and Islamists calling for an end to the Emergency Law ; judges denouncing constitutional amendments that strip them of their right to supervise elections ; workers striking for better wages and independent trade unions ; poor farmers on land redistributed under Nasser defending themselves against attempts by large landowners – often with the backing of the state , sometimes with the help of armed thugs – to ‘ reclaim ’ their property .
The spread of these protests , on a scale not seen since the 1970s , when left - wing students mobilised against Sadat ’s infitah and his alliance with the West , has led some observers to see this as Egypt ’s ‘ moment of change ’ , the subtitle of an informative new anthology on Egyptian social movements .
Yet the protests have failed to coalesce into a broader movement with a clear agenda .
And the regime has partly succeeded in neutralising dissent by allowing some freedoms : privately owned opposition newspapers have been legalised and public criticism of Mubarak is allowed .
‘ We were given a licence to scream and vent , ’ one supporter of Kifaya told me , ‘ but what good did it do ? ’
Most Egyptians have kept their distance from the protests .
Since the riots of January 1977 , which began after the state raised the price of aysh al - baladi , the dry bread on which most people depend , the Egyptian masses have been silent , even as their living standards have declined .
This stoicism is often explained by variations on the theme of national character , or of the pharaonic legacy .
The Egyptian , one is often told , is ‘ a survivor ’ , or ‘ a flexible conformist ’ who just wants a better life , and does n’t care who is president .
Revolts in modern Egypt have been few ; even Nasser ’s revolution was a top - down affair , a ‘ passive revolution ’ in which , as his left - wing critic Anouar Abdel - Malek remarked , the role of the much praised masses was merely to provide ‘ manpower ’ .
The inertia of the Egyptian people may well have less to do with temperament , or historical tradition , than with sober calculation .
About one in every four Egyptians lives in a shantytown ; more than a third of Cairo ’s 19 million residents live in areas known as ashwaiyyat , without clean drinking water or proper sewage systems .
They are the people you see at places like the Souq al - Goma ’a , or ‘ Friday market ’ , a sprawling bazaar set up on railway tracks next to a flyover skirting the City of the Dead , where tens of thousands of Cairenes squat in family mausoleums .
The working poor come here to buy household necessities .
Anything and everything is for sale : old silverware , tyres , toilets , computer parts , birds , monkeys , vegetables coated in dust and dirt , and rotten fish that ’s been buried underground until it gives off an unforgettable smell .
There is a saying in Egypt that ‘ anyone who has n’t begged in the time of Mubarak will never beg . ’
Those forced to beg tend not to attend demonstrations .
As Hani Shukrallah , an editor at Al - Shorouk , one of the new independent papers , points out , ‘ the regime has pursued a deliberate policy of selective repression based on class . ’
Shukrallah , a veteran of the student left of the 1970s , illustrated this by describing an aerial photograph of a Kifaya demonstration in downtown Cairo .
‘ You can see three circles : the first is composed of the demonstrators , a few hundred people .
Around them is a circle of several thousand police officers , and around the police is the people .
The people are onlookers , spectators .
The middle - class professionals in Kifaya can chant slogans like “ Down with Mubarak ” because they risk , at worst , a beating .
But most Egyptians live in a world where anything goes , where they ’re treated like barbarians who need to be conquered , and women are molested by the security forces .
The average Egyptian can be dragged into a police station and tortured simply because a police officer does n’t like his face . ’
The tortures to which Egyptians are subjected in police stations have been well documented and include electric shocks to the genitals , anal rape with sticks , death threats , suspension in painful positions and ‘ reception parties ’ , where prisoners are forced to crawl naked on the floor while guards whip them to make them move faster .
For those it ca n’t afford to brutalise , the Mubarak regime has found other means of intimidation .
One is the presence of state security in residential neighbourhoods and on university campuses .
In Garden City , checkpoints were set up near the British and American Embassies after a demonstration against the invasion of Iraq in 2003 ; they are now permanent , and locals refer to the area as ‘ the Green Zone ’ .
Only a few minutes ’ walk from the American Embassy – the second largest in the world , after Baghdad – is the Ministry of the Interior , a forbidding , futurist building .
Very little of consequence gets done without the ministry ’s agreement : the appointments of university professors , judges and journalists all require approval from the ministry ’s security officers ; so does anyone who wants to set up an NGO , a school or a television station .
The ministry has an army of about two million informers : one Egyptian in every 40 .
It has become one of the state ’s most powerful branches , rivalling the army , since Egypt withdrew from the struggle with Israel and shifted towards suppressing its internal enemies : leftists , human rights activists and , above all , Islamists .
Mubarak ’s principal domestic adversary – and perhaps his greatest asset in selling himself to the West , and to a frightened middle class – is the Muslim Brotherhood .
Founded in 1928 by Hassan al - Banna , a schoolteacher , the Brotherhood remains the country ’s largest , best organised opposition movement .
There have been many strategic shifts over the years but the message has n’t changed : social justice , clean governance based on Islamic principles , opposition to imperialism , solidarity with Palestine .
Both Nasser and Sadat were fellow - travellers , if not members , in the 1940s .
The Brothers initially supported the 1952 coup , but soon fell out with the new government .
Denied what they felt should be their share of the spoils , they became Nasser ’s fiercest critics , and in 1954 a member of the Brotherhood ’s clandestine wing shot at him as he was giving a speech .
Nasser famously did n’t flinch , and shortly afterwards ordered the first in a series of crackdowns , in which tens of thousands of Brothers , including the jihadi theorist Sayyid Qutb , were jailed , and often tortured in the so - called mihna , or ‘ inquisition ’ that followed .
Qutb responded by calling for holy war against the Egyptian state and was hanged in 1966 for plotting its overthrow .
The Brotherhood took pains to distance itself from Qutb ’s radicalism , and by 1970 , when Sadat came to power , had renounced violence : a position it maintained throughout the 1990s , when the security services were waging a dirty war against a radical Islamist insurgency inspired by Qutb ’s writings .
The Brothers sought to transform Egypt more gradually , by promoting Islamic values , denouncing state corruption , and providing medical and social services to the poor .
These services – virtually comprising a state within the state – have been subsidised by Brotherhood - run Islamic banks , and by donations from the pious middle class as well as Saudi Arabia and other Gulf States .
If the Brotherhood continues to enjoy wide support , it is in large part because of its service to the poor .
Mubarak was never close to the Brothers , but he has had to find a way to live with them , if only because they are too deeply embedded in society – and in the mosques , no - go zones for the state – to be eliminated .
Their status is often described as ‘ banned yet tolerated ’ : ‘ banned ’ , because they would pose a serious threat to the regime if they were allowed to participate freely ; ‘ tolerated ’ , because they allow Mubarak to present himself as Egypt ’s only defence against an Islamist takeover .
Thus , under American pressure to open up Egypt ’s political system , Mubarak permitted the Brothers to run in the 2005 legislative elections .
To the horror of the liberal opposition , and of the Bush administration , they won 88 of the 160 seats they contested , a fifth of the seats in the lower house of parliament , making them the second most powerful party after Mubarak ’s NDP .
Since then , the US has all but dropped its pressure on Mubarak to democratise , and the Brothers have had their wings clipped .
They were n’t allowed to run in the 2007 elections for the upper house ; the applications of all but two dozen of the 5000 Brothers who sought to run in the 2008 municipal elections were rejected ; and thugs were sent in to attack their supporters at polling stations .
Hundreds of Brothers have been arrested : high - ranking moderates who have been trying to reform the Brotherhood from within are the preferred target .
The effect has been to strengthen the hand of the hardliners led by the new General Guide , Mohammed Badie , who was imprisoned with Qutb in 1965 – Badie and his acolytes are known as the Group of 1965 .
They consolidated their power in January ’s internal elections , in which the intellectual reformer Abdel Moneim Aboul Fotouh lost his seat on the Brotherhood ’s Guidance Council .
They are disinclined to build alliances with secular forces , frown on overtures to women and Copts , and are not especially troubled by Mubarak ’s dictatorship so long as it allows them to preach .
They draw their support from conservative rural members , many of whom have worked in the Gulf and been influenced by Wahabbism , with its emphasis on external signs of piety and mistrust of Western - style democracy .
As they see it , the openness advocated by the reformists has left the Brotherhood vulnerable to intrusions by the state , and to the temptations of secular liberalism : secrecy is the only means by which it can survive ; and survival , not governing , is the principal aim .
Until the day when the state falls into their hands like a rotten fruit , they prefer to avoid confrontation with it , devoting themselves instead to Islamising society ( da ’wa ) , and defending Egyptian virtue from such threats as Beyoncé , whose concert at a Red Sea resort they were lobbying to prevent when I was in Cairo last winter .
They have been encouraged in this by the state , which has expanded the role of the clerics on television and in education : as Sophie Pommier argues in Egypte , l ’envers du décor ( 2008 ) , it ’s a mistake to see the NDP as a ‘ secular party whose principles are radically opposed to those of the Muslim Brotherhood ’ .
The result is an undeclared power - sharing arrangement between Mubarak and the Brotherhood , a cat and mouse game that masks a deeper convergence of interests : both sides , after all , have reason to portray the Brothers as the only real alternative to the regime .
A perfect example of this collusion is the experience of the new Centre Party , Hizb al - Wasat , founded in 1996 by Abul - Ela Madi , a moderate Islamist with strong links to leftists , Nasserists and liberals .
Broadly sympathetic to a school of thought Bruce Rutherford describes as ‘ Islamic constitutionalism ’ , which tries to harmonise liberal views on the rule of law and individual rights with Islamic tradition , he is also close to Aboul Fotouh and the reform wing of the Brotherhood .
Yet he is no longer a member of the Brotherhood , having concluded that the NDP and the Brothers are ‘ the double face of our crisis ’ .
The only way forward , as he saw it , was to create a new party which , though rooted in Islamic values , would ‘ separate politics and preaching ’ and welcome Copts and women – something he has succeeded in doing , despite attempts by intelligence officers to frighten his Coptic members .
He has not succeeded in much else , however .
His party has yet to be granted a licence to run in elections , mostly because a multi-confessional , moderately Islamic , democratic party might stand a chance of getting somewhere .
The Ministry of the Interior , accusing him of being a front for the Brothers , claims that the party fails to ‘ fulfil a legitimate purpose not met by an existing party ’ – never mind that the ‘ existing party ’ in question , the Brotherhood , is officially banned .
A prominent leader of the Brothers was happy to second this : the new party , he said , ‘ thinks just like us ’ .
Having a licence , however , is no guarantee of influence .
None of the two dozen registered opposition parties has a popular following , or any chance of achieving one , thanks to restrictions on freedom of assembly imposed by the Emergency Law .
As Rif’at al - Said , the leader of the left - wing party Tagammu ( two seats out of 454 in the lower house ) , put it , Egyptian parties are merely ‘ groupings of individuals floating on the surface of society ’ .
Their function is to create the illusion of democratic politics , the number of seats they gain depending less on the will of the voters than on the needs of the NDP .
Mounir Fakhri Abdel - Nour is the secretary - general of the New Wafd Party ( six seats in the lower house ) , founded in 1983 , which takes its name from the party that led the movement against the British occupation after the First World War , and promotes an updated version of that party ’s genteel , constitutional liberalism .
Abdel - Nour , a banker from a prominent Coptic family , sighed when I asked him about his party ’s activities : ‘ Our experience as a party has been catastrophic .
It ’s true that we now have almost unlimited freedom of the press , but it ’s useless because we ca n’t get a direct relationship to the street .
The Muslim Brothers have that connection through the mosque , but we ’re not even allowed to hold rallies . ’
It ’s hard to imagine Abdel - Nour addressing a crowd .
A charming , cosmopolitan man , he recalls the era before Nasser ’s revolution , when politics was the preserve of elites .
He wants to open up the system , but not too much , and not too quickly .
Asked whether the ban on the Brothers should be lifted , he sipped his tea and paused .
‘ It ’s a tricky question , ’ he said , playing with a ruler on his desk .
‘ Egypt is a country where two religions coexist .
You ca n’t have the Islamic Republic of Egypt – it will never happen .
We ca n’t accept a Muslim party that says a Copt or a woman ca n’t be president of the republic .
And I refuse to be ruled by someone who thinks a Malaysian Muslim is closer to him than a Christian Egyptian .
I know some decent people in the Brotherhood , like Abdel Moneim Abul Fotouh .
You speak to them and you wonder , why are n’t you with us ?
But I do n’t trust them . ’
This distrust is shared by many middle - class Egyptians , and it is a major reason why they have been willing to tolerate the Mubarak family for so long .
Whether they will accept Mubarak ’s son Gamal is another matter : he may be the only person who is more widely disliked in Egypt than his father .
A former investment banker who had no political experience when he was appointed to the General Secretariat of the NDP in 2000 , he is a symbol of what Mubarakism has wrought : the growing influence of technocrats linked to multinationals ; economic liberalisation in the absence of political liberalisation ; and corrosive nepotism .
The idea of dynastic succession , or tawrith al - sulta , is particularly insulting to Egypt ’s national pride : the country has been a republic since Nasser ’s overthrow of King Farouk , and few people are keen on its becoming a ‘ republican monarchy with houmus ’ , in the words of the novelist Khaled Al Khamissi .
Born in 1963 and known to friends as ‘ Jimmy ’ , Gamal spent his early adult life in London , working at Bank of America and Medinvest , a private equity firm he helped found , until he was whisked back to Egypt in 1995 .
Since then , he has risen rapidly through the ranks of his father ’s party ; at the 2002 NDP congress , he was promoted to head the Policies Secretariat , a government advisory board made up of several hundred wealthy Egyptians linked to the regime or the Mubarak family , together with intellectuals who style themselves ‘ liberal reformers ’ .
Collectively they ’re known as ‘ Gamal ’s cabinet ’ .
Although both father and son deny that Gamal is being groomed for the presidency , he has been aggressively sold as the face of a new Egypt , in ‘ Meet Gamal ’ town - hall meetings , on billboards in Cairo , and on television .
Now the third - ranking official in the NDP , Gamal has made a number of trips to Washington , fawningly covered by the state - run media , and been praised in the New York Times as an ‘ intelligent , handsome policy wonk ’ .
In Sophie Pommier ’s words , he ‘ preaches reform in an incantatory mode , with slogans about renovation and “ new thinking ” ’ – mainly opening markets and selling off state industries .
For the majority of Egyptians getting by on $ 2 a day , he has shown little understanding , declaring at the height of the financial crisis that there could be no retreat on privatisation .
The need for ‘ democracy ’ is another favourite slogan among ‘ Gamal ’s boys ’ , but the conditions for it , they hasten to add , do n’t yet exist .
As one of his advisers says , ‘ you ca n’t have democracy without democrats . ’
What Gamal Mubarak does n’t yet have is the support of the military , at least according to Osama al - Ghazali Harb , who quit the Policies Secretariat in 2006 having decided that it was merely a vehicle for the president ’s son .
He has since established his own party , the well - meaning , ineffectual Democratic Front , so ineffectual indeed that it was immediately given a licence .
‘ Gamal ’s support comes from people in the business elite , ’ al - Ghazali Harb says .
‘ They are plotting away , trying to mobilise the support of members of the party and the army .
But if his father dies tomorrow they will shut him out .
And trust me : Hosni Mubarak wo n’t leave his position even one hour before he dies .
We ’re not in the US .
We do n’t have vice presidents .
Here you ’re either in your position or you ’re in your grave .
And within five or six minutes of his death , you ’ll see tanks in the streets . ’
This is n’t a prospect that alarms him .
‘ The army is the only force that can guarantee that the transition will be peaceful . ’
Last year al - Ghazali Harb dared to say what many Egyptians opposed to Gamal were quietly thinking : that the army should take over as soon as Mubarak steps down or dies , so that a new constitution can be drafted , and then , after two or three years , civilian rule restored .
When I asked him who would head that transitional government , he did n’t hesitate : ‘ Omar Suleiman . ’
Suleiman , the head of General Intelligence , is both a lieutenant general in the army and a member of Mubarak ’s cabinet .
He is the second most powerful man in Egypt , a key player in negotiations between Israel and Hamas and one of the most formidable spymasters in the Middle East .
Born in 1935 in Upper Egypt , he belongs to the generation of poor Egyptians who saw their fortunes rise when Nasser came to power .
Like Mubarak , he studied at the Frunze Military Academy in Moscow in the 1960s , and received further training at Fort Bragg in the 1980s , after Egypt shifted its alliances .
He and Mubarak grew close in the mid-1990s , while fighting the radical Islamist insurgency .
When a group of Islamists opened fire on Mubarak ’s limousine in Addis Adaba in 1995 , Suleiman was sitting beside him ; they were unhurt because Suleiman had insisted on travelling in an armoured car .
His success in crushing the insurgency – and the dossier he compiled on Egyptian jihadists , many of whom joined Bin Laden after their defeat in Egypt – made him a valued partner for the CIA after 9/11 .
( As did Egypt ’s usefulness in ‘ extraordinary renditions ’ .
In the words of the CIA agent Robert Baer , ‘ If you wanted to make someone disappear – never to return – you sent him to Egypt . ’ )
Suleiman is a redoubtable figure , but nothing he has said or done suggests a yearning for political reform .
Nor is it clear that he is willing take over from Mubarak : according to one rumour , he refused the presidency in early April and the army is now promoting another Mubarak loyalist , Ahmed Shafiq , a former air force commander and current minister of civil aviation .
But Al - Ghazali Harb and a growing number of dissidents continue to hope that Suleiman will be the man who saves Egypt from dynastic succession , and helps lay the foundations of civilian rule .
The announcement at the beginning of December last year that Mohamed ElBaradei might run for president as an independent has galvanised advocates of reform .
Born in Cairo in 1942 , ElBaradei is the son of a liberal lawyer who , as head of the Egyptian Bar Association , campaigned for an independent judiciary under both Nasser and Sadat .
He has spent most of his professional life in the West ; he won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2005 for his work with the International Atomic Energy Agency ( he donated the proceeds to orphanages in his hometown ) ; and he crossed swords over the inspections in Iraq and Iran with the Bush administration , which tried to force him out of his job .
All reasons to respect him .
When he flew home from Vienna in February , at the end of his third term at the IAEA , he was greeted at the airport by a thousand supporters .
He then met members of the opposition , from Kifaya to the Muslim Brothers , and gave a series of blistering interviews on the state of Egyptian political life .
Sounding rather like Obama in 2008 , he insisted that he was ‘ not a saviour ’ , that ‘ only with the help of the people could he try to change the authoritarian regime in power for the last 50 years ’ .
It ’s easy to understand why Egyptians are tempted to see him as a saviour : an outsider , untainted by compromise and unaffiliated with any of Egypt ’s political parties , he is someone on whom extravagant hopes can be pinned .
Apart from generalities – restoring the rule of law , ensuring social protection for the poor , providing humanitarian aid for Gaza – he has said little about what he would do as president .
‘ He remains an unpolitician , ’ as the reporter Issandr El Amrani put it .
Still , the unpolitician has travelled throughout Egypt , delivering public speeches in defiance of the Emergency Law .
The regime has responded by arresting the publisher of an admiring biography and persuading the authorities in Kuwait to deport 17 Egyptian residents who support him .
Vitriolic attacks have come from the press , which has painted him as a pawn of Washington or Tehran ( ‘ parachuted into the country in which he was born ’ ) , and from the official opposition parties : Abdel - Nour of the Wafd , for example , recently said that his insistence on running as an independent ‘ reflects the kind of fascism that has caused disasters everywhere in the world ’ .
But ElBaradei ’s international prestige affords him valuable protection .
His candidacy could also make it difficult for Gamal Mubarak to run : the contrast with the ex-director of the IAEA and Nobel laureate would be embarrassing .
The Mubarak regime , however , has many ways to fend ElBaradei off .
The 2007 amendments to the constitution allow the president to disband parliament , and strengthen the power of the NDP , while the tightening of eligibility requirements makes it almost impossible for an independent candidate to run : to qualify , ElBaradei would need the backing of at least 250 members of parliament and municipal councils .
Even if he were to get their backing , the regime can intimidate voters or rig the results , now that judicial supervision at the polls has been eliminated .
ElBaradei has said he wo n’t run unless the constitution is revised ; he has also called for international monitoring of Egypt ’s elections .
But Mubarak has little incentive to give in to either demand – unless the US government pressures him to do so .
Five or six years ago , it might have .
From 2003 to 2005 , the Bush administration appeared to be serious about democratic reform in Egypt : the ‘ freedom deficit ’ was seen as a key reason for the frustration and anger of men such as Mohammed Atta and Ayman Zawahiri – both Egyptians .
Condoleezza Rice called for an end to the Emergency Law at the American University of Cairo in 2005 and , in his 2005 State of the Union address , Bush declared that ‘ the great and proud nation of Egypt , which showed the way toward peace in the Middle East , can now show the way toward democracy . ’
While continuing to avail themselves of Egypt ’s services in extraordinary renditions , Bush and Rice embarked on a ‘ freedom agenda ’ : for the first time , Egyptian NGOs which had n’t been approved by the authorities in Cairo received direct US grants , infuriating Mubarak .
The US was chastened , however , by the Muslim Brothers ’ success in the 2005 legislative elections .
And that was just the beginning .
With Hamas ’s election in 2006 , resistance and sectarian conflict in Iraq , the spread of Iranian influence , and Hizbullah ’s strong performance in the 2006 war with Israel , it was clear that the ‘ freedom agenda ’ was backfiring in the rest of the region .
Suddenly , the promotion of reform in Egypt came to seem imprudent , and Washington remembered why it had always appreciated Mubarak : his co-operation in the Israeli - Palestinian theatre and the war on terror ; his hostility to Tehran ; the precedence given to US warships seeking expedited passage through the Suez Canal ; the willingness to allow American planes to refuel in secret at the West Cairo airbase on their way back to Iraq .
By the time the 2007 constitutional amendments were passed , the Bush administration had reversed its course .
The amendments , Rice said in Cairo , were ‘ disappointing ’ but ‘ the process of reform is … going to have its ups and downs . ’
Then she got to work : Palestine , Iran , Iraq .
The political conditions Congress had imposed on $ 100 million of the $ 1.3 billion in military aid were waived by Rice , on the grounds that US military ships needed to be able to go through the canal at short notice .
Barack Obama , keen to break with Bush ’s messianic talk about spreading democracy , has worked to rebuild trust with the Egyptian government .
In his speech in Cairo in June 2009 , he spoke of his belief that all people want ‘ government that is transparent and does n’t steal from the people ’ , and insisted that ‘ we will support them everywhere . ’
Yet he has done little more than express mild criticism of Mubarak for extending the Emergency Law , and his administration has reverted to the pre-2004 position of reserving USAID funds for NGOs approved by the Egyptians .
Military aid , Robert Gates has made clear , will be provided ‘ without conditions ’ .
Egypt , the second largest recipient of US aid after Israel , recently received $ 260 million in ‘ supplementary security assistance ’ , as well as $ 50 million for border security , which probably means reinforcing the blockade of Gaza .
There is also a brisk traffic in arms : US manufacturers recently announced the sale to Cairo of 24 new F - 16 fighter jets and other equipment , worth an estimated $ 3.2 billion .
Steven Cook at the Council on Foreign Relations has published a ‘ contingency planning memorandum ’ in favour of continued support to the regime , which , as he describes it , ‘ has helped create a regional order that makes it relatively inexpensive for the United States to exercise its power ’ .
Less expensive at any rate than it would be in the event of an Islamist takeover that ‘ would pose a far greater threat – in magnitude and degree – to US interests than the Iranian revolution ’ .
This seems to be the Obama administration ’s implicit wager , too .
It ’s bad news for ElBaradei and his supporters : bad news for all the Egyptians who fear that they will never know democracy because of the ‘ American veto ’ .
America 's most recession - proof cities
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The " Keep Austin Weird " campaign must have worked , because the Texas capital is among the country 's oddball cities that bucked the downturn .
In fact , Texas cities starred on the new list of recession - proof metro areas , with six of 21 spots , according to MetroMonitor , a quarterly report released by Brookings Institute 's Metropolitan Policy Program .
These 21 large metro areas were singled out by Brookings for keeping their labor and housing markets stable and posting robust economic activity during the past few years .
In fact , all but five of the 21 leading cities have economic output levels that top records set just prior to the recession .
" Most of these cities have some general characteristics in common , " said Howard Weil , author of the report and a fellow at the Metropolitan Policy Program .
" They did n't experience huge housing bubbles followed by a crash , and their economies were n't rooted in the auto industry . "
Weil added that a number of cities are also government centers , like Austin , where job cuts have been limited and spending remains healthy .
Gross metropolitan product , a broad measure economic activity , has surged the most in the nation 's capital .
In first quarter of 2010 , the economy in Washington D.C. expanded by 6.3 % from its pre-recession peak .
Austin also touts considerable growth at 5.3 % .
" We 've seen a significant increase in government spending since the start of the recession , and even though it has been spread throughout other parts of the country , some of that extra spending stays in the D.C. metro area , " Weil said .
" But if government hawks succeed in cutting spending , we could see the growth in Washington slow down . "
Meanwhile , as unemployment rates climbed higher in every major city across the nation during the recession , the jobless rate in Austin only rose to 7.1 % in March 2010 from 3.5 % three years earlier .
During the same period , the U.S. unemployment rate spiked to 9.7 % from 4.4 % .
" We have a stable base of employment with the University of Texas , one of the largest universities in the country , and the second largest state government with 65,000 employees , " said Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell .
Similarly , job losses were muted in Austin , as employment in Texas 's capital city dropped by 2.3 % from its pre-recession peak through the first quarter of 2010 .
Leffingwell said that a decade ago , Austin worked to attract high - tech companies , and while some manufacturing jobs in the sector have since diminished , companies are still expanding their workforce , including Samsung Electronics , which recently announced a $ 3.6 billion project that boosts the company 's payroll by 500 permanent positions .
And during the last two quarters , Austin welcomed job growth , adding nearly 8,000 new jobs during the period and increasing payrolls by more than 1 % .
Augusta , Ga. ; Jackson , Miss. ; Dallas ; and Honolulu also posted similar gains .
" We 've worked hard to diversify our economy and are aggressively targeting companies focused on renewable energy , medical technology and digital media , " Leffingwell said .
Earlier this year , Texas invested $ 1.4 million through its Texas Enterprise Fund to lure Facebook into opening its first office outside of Palo Alto , Calif . , in Austin .
The social media giant opened the office last month and is actively hiring for its online sales and operations team .
Facebook said it plans to hire over 200 employees in Austin over the next four years .
Meanwhile , further south , McAllen , Texas , which also made the top 21 , has been boasting job growth for the past four straight quarters , and employment in the city has only declined by a modest 1.1 % during the recession .
Houston , another Texas city , is included among the recession - proof metro areas for enjoying the smallest slide in housing prices at just 0.5 % through the first quarter of 2010 compared to three years earlier .
Austin followed close behind with a 0.6 % dip during the same period .
Zynga today announced their newest wild west - themed game entitled FrontierVille , where players tame the wilderness , grow a family , and build a thriving frontier town .
The debut of FrontierVille follows their recently launched Treasure Isle that quickly became the fastest growing Facebook application of all time with 25 million daily active users .
The game follows the ‘ ville ’ theme of games and is part of Zynga ’s recently aggressive strategy to expand their markets .
They ’ve recently announced FarmVille for iPhone , partnerships with Yahoo and DeNA in Japan and are accelerating the release of new games .
This is likely in response to their recent loss of traffic .
FrontierVille is now available and Zynga describes it below :
FrontierVille brings a western theme to the Zynga family and leads a new generation of social games by introducing new features including multiple avatars on a single screen under one player ’s control .
For the first time , Zynga is introducing virtual families allowing players to customize a spouse and raise a virtual family .
Additionally , FrontierVille , the first game from the Zynga East studios , is a “ living world , ” where players contend with wildlife encounters , varying weather , and vegetation growth .
“ Frontier Ville gives users creative new ways to connect with people around the world while bringing out the pioneering spirit in all of us , ” said Brian Reynolds , Zynga ’s chief game designer who led the development of FrontierVille .
“ FrontierVille is Oregon Trail meets Little House on the Prairie meets FarmVille . ”
The game begins by giving you a wagon and some land , and players are responsible for taming the wilderness and exploring the land around your plot .
Some of the key feature are : Family : Raise your own fantasy frontier family .
Customize your make - believe spouse , and watch your little kiddies grow up .
You can always change your own pioneer avatar , and you can move all the members of your family around for work and adventures .
Crops :
After you ’ve cleared enough land , it ’s time to plant some crops and trees .
Buy seeds and trees in the marketplace .
Be careful to not let your crops wither as they become worthless , but do n’t worry , your neighbors can always revive your crops if they wither .
Harvested crops yield extra coin , food , and experience points .
Varmints :
The wilderness is filled with dangerous vermin .
Snakes , groundhogs , and bears lurk behind trees , rocks , and tall grass .
You ’ll have to attack or chase these varmints off your homestead .
Neighbors :
Add friends as your neighbors to help you chop trees and build your log cabin .
You can also hire your neighbors to get work done quickly .
Reputation : Being a good neighbor to your fellow pioneers earns you hearts .
As you gain more hearts , or points , your reputation level increases .
A good reputation makes you more useful to friends to hire you .
All Things Pythonic
Language Design Is Not Just Solving Puzzles
by Guido van van Rossum
February 10 , 2006
Summary
An incident on python - dev today made me appreciate ( again ) that there 's more to language design than puzzle - solving .
A ramble on the nature of Pythonicity , culminating in a comparison of language design to user interface design .
Advertisement
Some people seem to think that language design is just like solving a puzzle .
Given a set of requirements they systematically search the solution space for a match , and when they find one , they claim to have the perfect language feature , as if they 've solved a Sudoku puzzle .
For example , today someone claimed to have solved the problem of the multi-statement lambda .
But such solutions often lack " Pythonicity " -- that elusive trait of a good Python feature .
It 's impossible to express Pythonicity as a hard constraint .
Even the Zen of Python does n't translate into a simple test of Pythonicity .
In the example above , it 's easy to find the Achilles heel of the proposed solution : the double colon , while indeed syntactically unambiguous ( one of the " puzzle constraints " ) , is completely arbitrary and does n't resemble anything else in Python .
A double colon occurs in one other place , but there it's part of the slice syntax , where a [ : :] is simply a degenerate case of the extended slice notation a[ start : stop: step ] with start , stop and step all omitted .
But that 's not analogous at all to the proposal 's lambda < args > ::< suite > .
There 's also no analogy to the use of :: in other languages -- in C++ ( and Perl ) it 's a scoping operator .
And still that 's not why I rejected this proposal .
If the double colon is unpythonic , perhaps a solution could be found that uses a single colon and is still backwards compatible ( the other big constraint looming big for Pythonic Puzzle solvers ) .
I actually have one in mind : if there 's text after the colon , it 's a backwards - compatible expression lambda ; if there 's a newline , it 's a multi- line lambda ; the rest of the proposal can remain unchanged .
Presto , QED , voila , etcetera .
But I 'm rejecting that too , because in the end ( and this is where I admit to unintentionally misleading the submitter ) I find any solution unacceptable that embeds an indentation - based block in the middle of an expression .
Since I find alternative syntax for statement grouping ( e.g. braces or begin / end keywords ) equally unacceptable , this pretty much makes a multi-line lambda an unsolvable puzzle .
And I like it that way !
In a sense , the reason I went to considerable length describing the problems of embedding an indented block in an expression ( thereby accidentally laying the bait ) was that I wanted to convey the sense that the problem was unsolvable .
I should have known my geek audience better and expected someone to solve it . :-)
The unspoken , right brain constraint here is that the complexity introduced by a solution to a design problem must be somehow proportional to the problem 's importance .
In my mind , the inability of lambda to contain a print statement or a while - loop etc. is only a minor flaw ; after all instead of a lambda you can just use a named function nested in the current scope .
But the complexity of any proposed solution for this puzzle is immense , to me : it requires the parser ( or more precisely , the lexer ) to be able to switch back and forth between indent - sensitive and indent - insensitive modes , keeping a stack of previous modes and indentation level .
Technically that can all be solved ( there 's already a stack of indentation levels that could be generalized ) .
But none of that takes away my gut feeling that it is all an elaborate Rube Goldberg contraption .
Mathematicians do n't mind these -- a proof is a proof is a proof , no matter whether it contains 2 or 2000 steps , or requires an infinite - dimensional space to prove something about integers .
Sometimes , the software equivalent is acceptable as well , based on the theory that the end justifies the means .
Some of Google 's amazing accomplishments have this nature inside , even though we do our very best to make it appear simple .
And there 's the rub : there 's no way to make a Rube Goldberg language feature appear simple .
Features of a programming language , whether syntactic or semantic , are all part of the language 's user interface .
And a user interface can handle only so much complexity or it becomes unusable .
This is also the reason why Python will never have continuations , and even why I 'm uninterested in optimizing tail recursion .
But that 's for another installment .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 27 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Guido van van Rossum adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Guido van Rossum is the creator of Python , one of the major programming languages on and off the web .
The Python community refers to him as the BDFL ( Benevolent Dictator For Life ) , a title straight from a Monty Python skit .
He moved from the Netherlands to the USA in 1995 , where he met his wife .
Until July 2003 they lived in the northern Virginia suburbs of Washington , DC with their son Orlijn , who was born in 2001 .
They then moved to Silicon Valley where Guido now works for Google ( spending 50 % of his time on Python ! ) .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2006 Guido van van Rossum .
All rights reserved .
