For the past three decades , finance has claimed a growing share of the U.S. stock market , profits and the overall economy .
But the role of finance -- the businesses of borrowing , lending , investing and all the middlemen in between -- may be ebbing , a shift that would redefine the U.S. economy .
" The role of finance in the economy is going to come down significantly in the coming years , " says Carlos Asilis , chief investment officer at Glovista Investments , a New Jersey money manager .
" From a societal standpoint , we got carried ...
By ALLAN HALL
Last updated at 18:00 14 March 2008
To its 117 elderly residents , Wesley Acres is simply a peaceful place to pass their twilight years .
Only when viewed from above does it become apparent that the retirement home is built in the shape of a giant swastika .
Following complaints , steps are being taken to alter the shape of the 1980 - built establishment in Decatur , Alabama , so it is no longer a symbol of Nazi power .
Scroll down for more ...
Unmistakeable :
It 's hard to argue the building looks like anything but a swastika
But the question remains : Was Wesley Acres merely an accident or an expression of far - Right beliefs by its planners ?
Prompted by complaints from a Jewish activist , the agency that owns the government - funded building is planning to alter its shape to disguise the Nazi symbol .
Avrahaum Segol , an Israeli - American researcher , claims the swastika shape is homage to German scientists who designed the V2 rockets launched against Allied targets in World War II .
The scientists were brought to nearby Huntsville after the war to work on the NASA spaceships which would eventually put man on the moon .
Mr Segol calls the Alabama retirement home a " sister building " to a swastika - shaped barracks at Naval Base Coronado in California and says they were both part of a government - funded conspiracy to honour Nazis .
But Mike Giles , a lawyer for the Methodist Homes Corporation of Alabama , said the conspiracy claims are " ridiculous , " adding : " It was certainly not intentional . "
" The difficulty is there are a limited number of options for fixing a building that has been there for some time .
" We have to come up with a way to fix an appearance that we want solved and not hurt our residents . "
Wesley Acres provides government - subsidized housing for 117 low - income people ages 62 and above .
Most have no reason to suspect their hallways take on a sinister shape .
The one - story building , designed in the mid-1970s and completed in 1980 , underwent £ 500,000 alteration in 2001 with funding from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development following complaints by Democratic Sen .
Howell Heflin , who has since died .
But the addition of two wings did little to hide the offensive shape - and in some ways accentuates it .
Options for the new renovations include the addition of covered porches or other outdoor areas .
The latest push to rid the landscape of the broken cross shape follows complaints from Segol , the same Israeli - American researcher who last fall helped publicise a swastika - shaped barracks at Naval Base Coronado in San Diego .
The Navy said it would spend about £ 300,180 to alter the building , which opened in the 1960s , but the work has not yet been done .
Segol calls the Alabama retirement home a " sister swastika " to the building in California and says they were both part of a tangled , government - funded conspiracy to honour Nazis .
The shape of the retirement centre is evident in satellite photos available on the Internet .
But it is located in a residential section in a city with few tall buildings , and many in Decatur have no idea Wesley Acres resembles a swastika .
Mr Giles said any changes to the building must be relatively inexpensive since the agency lacks money for an elaborate solution .
Planners are considering modifications , he said , " so that from the air it takes your eye away from what was originally there . "
The 9,550 - year - old conifer first took root at the end of the last ice age A tree said to be the oldest on the planet - thought to be nearly 10,000 years old - has been found in Sweden .
Scientists from Umeaa University discovered the spruce on Fulu Mountain in Dalarna province while carrying out a census of tree species there in 2004 .
The age of its genetic material was recently calculated using carbon dating at a laboratory in Miami , Florida .
Scientists had believed the world 's oldest trees were 4,000 - year - old pine trees found in North America .
The oldest , a bristlecone pine named Methuselah located in California 's White Mountains , is aged 4,768 , according to the Guinness Book of World Records .
Cloning
The new record contender , which would have taken root just after the last ice age , was found among a cluster of around 20 spruces believed to be more than 8,000 years old at an altitude of 910 m ( 2,985 ft ) on Fulu Mountain .
The visible portion of the spruce was comparatively new , but analysis of four " generations " of remains - cones and wood - found underneath its crown showed its root system had been growing for 9,550 years , Umeaa University said .
Our results have shown the complete opposite , that the spruce is one of the oldest known trees in the mountain range
Leif Kullmann
Umeaa University Umeaa 's professor of physical geography , Leif Kullmann , said the spruce 's stems or trunks had a lifespan of around 600 years , but as soon as one died , a cloned stem could emerge from the root system .
The clones take root each winter as snow pushes low - lying branches of the mother tree down to ground level , Mr Kullmann added .
The discovery of the tree has been surprising , because the spruce had until now been regarded as a relative newcomer in the region .
" Our results have shown the complete opposite , that the spruce is one of the oldest known trees in the mountain range , " Mr Kullmann said .
He explained that 10,000 years ago the spruce would have been extremely rare in the region and that it was conceivable Mesolithic humans might have imported the species as they migrated northwards with the receding ice cap .
The discovery also shows that it was much warmer in the region at the time than had been thought previously , perhaps even warmer than today , he added .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Posted on February 14 , 2008 in Articles
The Origins of Super Delegates , or
How the Democratic Elite Enacted a Crooked System to Keep Their Kind on Top
1968
The seeds of the current Democratic system of nomination were planted in the ashes of fires and riots of the 1968 convention and election .
Entering the cycle , the Democrats were split into four camps .
The old guard favorite and residing president , LBJ , was facing falling popularity and poor health , and in March of ’ 68 he withdrew from the race .
His VP , Hubert H. Humphrey , Jr. of Minnesota , then entered the race representing the old - guard machine and boss wing of the Democratic party .
The other two candidates were Eugene McCarthy , running on an anti-war , pro-youth platform , and Robert Kennedy , who represented the pro-Civil Rights platform .
The fourth faction were the old school Democrats , aka Dixiecrats .
In 1968 , only 13 states held a primary , and HHH decided to focus on the states where the machine still decided the candidate , letting proxies run for him in the primary states .
So the primary contest came down to McCarthy and Kennedy , but then Kennedy was shot in CA after winning the primary .
It became obvious as ’ 68 went on that the primaries were a farce and that the people ’s voice meant nothing .
The young folks , feeling disenfranchised and angry at the war in Vietnam , descended upon the Chicago convention and riots broke out .
But the old guard won , soundly nominating HHH as the Democratic nominee for president .
So a fractured party limped towards November , and until LBJ pulled an October surprise by halting bombing in ‘ Nam , HHH was polled at 10 % below Nixon .
Still that was n’t enough for the Democrat Humphries , who while getting only .7 % less of the popular vote than Nixon , lost the electoral vote by a score of 301 to 191 .
1972
The 1968 convention debacle had a residual effect on the Democratic party besides a loss to Nixon : at the 1972 convention , a committee was put together to make recommendations on how to broaden the participation and increase diversity in the nomination process .
Senator George McGovern was put in charge of the committee and recommended that the selection process for delegates be put into the open .
This led to a majority of states switching to the primary system .
McGovern also became the first nominee under the new system after Edward Muskie , the establishment favorite , became a target of Nixon ’s “ Dirty Tricks ” campaign and was reported crying .
Wallace ( leader of the Dixiecrat branch of the Democrats ) was also had a strong candidacy until he was shot by Aruthur Bremer and became paralyzed .
McGovern ’s campaign against Nixon was marred by disaffection from the Democratic elite as well as two media incidents , both involving his running mate Thomas Eagleton .
The disaffection from the Democratic bosses was so strong that some even threw their support behind Nixon .
The most famous event was the uncovering of skeletons in Eagleton ’s closet , specifically electro - shock ones .
At first McGovern joked about it saying that Eagleton would undergo a psyc-exam if the other candidates did too and said he was 1000 % behind Eagleton .
Then he asked Eagleton to resign .
The first event was when an unnamed Democratic senator was reported by Bob Novak as saying that McGovern was the party of “ Amnesty , Abortion and Acid , ” and saying that the Roman Catholics would revolt if they knew what McGovern was really about .
Humorously enough , in 2007 Novak revealed that Eagleton was the Senator that said it .
McGovern lost in a landslide , with only MA and DC voting for McGovern .
This monumental loss was seen as an indictment of the new primary system that also disempowered the elite , and by the 1980 election the DNC had instituted superdelegate reforms .
From that point forward , active Democratic politicians and other individuals selected by the DNC would constitute over one fifth of the total vote in the Presidential nomination process .
[ tags ] superdelegates , democratic primary , nomination process , history of superdelegate system [ / tags ]
See also : Superdelegates , The Super - Delegates Begin To Balk , More on the Democrat ’s SuperDilemma , Shake -ups and Super - delegates , Clinton campaign considering ‘ potentially incendiary steps ’ ,
The ‘ Superdelegates ’ : Always Intended to be Independent , and Clinton ‘ Interested in Acquiring Delegates , Period ’ .
Game on ---- It looks like the Republicans will be trying to force Harry Reid to capitulate on the FISA fight very soon .
We need real leadership from the Democratic Party presidential candidates .
Here 's Glenn Greenwald :
It will be increasingly difficult to listen to Edwards , Obama and Clinton tout their supreme leadership attributes and their commitment to " changing the way Washington works " if they choose to sit by , more or less mute , and allow such a blatant and corrupt evisceration of the rule of law -- and such a vast and permanent expansion of the limitless surveillance state -- to occur without a fight .
Any one of them , or all three , has a unique opportunity to actually demonstrate with actions , rather than pretty speeches , their commitment to the principles they claim to espouse ...
Jane invites John Edwards to the dance :
John Edwards is the perfect person to lead with this message .
Such an action would illustrate his genuine commitment to change and fighting vested interests in Washington , and hopefully it will channel that intense anti-immunity passion toward his campaign .
He wo n't be able to participate in the filibuster himself , but by offering to leave the campaign trail and go back to DC with Clinton and Obama he 'll be able to show leadership in challenging all Democrats to put thoughts of personal gain aside and join together in the fight to save the constitution .
( email john@johnedwards.com )
John Edwards has a great opportunity here to show some leadership qualities and fight the corporate lobbyists and lawbreakers that he actively campaigns against .
What say you ?
Obama has said he 'll back a filibuster of any bill containing telecom immunity .
Hillary also said she would support one as well because of her mistrust of the Bush administration .
Who could blame her ?
Sometimes a fire just wo n't go out .
Uzbekistan is home to a place called Darvaz , nicknamed by locals " the door to hell . "
It 's a semi- underground gas fire that 's been burning nonstop for 35 years .
Find out why , and see some close - up pictures of this hellmouth after the jump , plus another fire in Pennsylvania that has also been burning underground for over 30 years .
Advertisement
English Russia explains in a way that totally sounds like it could be dialog ripped from Alias :
The story of this place lasts already for 35 years .
Once the geologists were drilling for gas .
Then suddenly during the drilling they have found an underground cavern , it was so big that all the drilling site with all the equipment and camps got deep deep under the ground .
None dared to go down there because the cavern was filled with gas .
So they ignited it so that no poisonous gas could come out of the hole , and since then , it 's burning , already for 35 years without any pause .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
In the city of Centralia , Pennsylvania , locals accidentally ignited a huge coal mine that snaked underneath the town .
Nobody knows for sure how or when it started , but many believe it was due to people burning rubbish near the entrance to the closed mine .
Though many tried to put it out , the fire raged for most of the 1960s and some of the 1970s when the ground started collapsing and the roads began to buckle , like in this picture .
A gas station owner discovered that the temperature in his underground tanks was hot enough to be extremely dangerous .
Advertisement
So the town was evacuated , and only a handful of holdouts live there still .
Centralia 's zip code has been rescinded , and the highway now routes around it .
It 's a ghost town .
A ghost town that 's still on fire .
Door to Hell ( plus crazy video ! ) [ English Russia ]
The Burning Remains of Centralia [ Damn Interesting ] ( Thanks , Wishnevsky ! )
If there was ever a perfect example of the John McCain media double - standard , the TODAY show Friday morning provided it .
When confronted with the hard - hitting DNC ad highlighting his utterly delusional view on the strength of the US economy , McCain , with a few insignificant caveats , simply changes his position from " we 're better off " to " no , we 're not better off . "
That 's all it takes when you 're Saint John McCain : you can flip and you can flop away with impunity because you know you will never be called on it .
Download Download
McCain in DNC
Ad : I think we 're better off overall .
Viera :
So , Senator , you do not believe we 're better off by any means than we were eight years ago ?
McCain : Oh , no .
No .
There you go .
The head of al - Jazeera has launched a scathing attack on Middle East governments , accusing them of framing new laws giving them powers to close down the Arabic - language news channel and other broadcasters .
Wadah Khanfar , al - Jazeera 's director general , said a charter published last week by the Arab League , which represents 22 states in the Middle East , is the most serious threat to media freedom in the region for more than a decade .
The charter calls on broadcasters to avoid insulting Arab leaders , respect Muslim values and uphold the cultural and social traditions of Muslim states , stipulating that satellite TV channels " should not damage social harmony , national unity , public order or traditional values " .
It adds that programming should also " conform with the religious and ethical values of Arab society and take account of its family structure " .
The charter was adopted by 21 information ministers in a summit last Tuesday in Cairo , with Qatar the only Arab League country to vote against it .
The Arab League 's council of minsters also approved the document .
Al - Jazeera is based in the Qatari capital Doha and bankrolled by the Emir of Qatar , the kingdom 's ruler .
" The document is aimed at the free press in the Arab world , " Khanfar said .
" It contains very general and ambiguous statements that could be used at any time to close a channel down or take if off air . "
In the past , Arab governments have arrested correspondents , closed down bureaux or pursued al - Jazeera and rival broadcasters through the courts .
However , the new document goes much further , according to Khanfar .
" Our concern is it puts certain rules and conditions in place , " he said .
" Who is going to decide if a leader in a particular country has been ' insulted ' ?
In this region , regimes have never been in favour of a free press or freedom of expression , so to hand over to them the right to decide [ who broadcasts what ] is very dangerous , " Khanfar added .
Most seriously , al - Jazeera believes the charter could give Middle East governments the power to switch off satellite signals and force broadcasters off air .
All satellite broadcasters rely on just two groups ; Arabsat , based in Saudi Arabia , and Egypt 's NileSat .
The Arab League does not have legislative or executive power , but member states are expected to act on last week 's document .
" There is no mechanism of implementation but the league is saying it will introduce one in two or three months ' time , " said Khanfar .
" We are going back in time .
We thought we'd left this behind us .
Satellite TV has transformed the region into a much more democratic place .
We might have expected this 10 years ago but not now after it has become an entrenched reality . "
Khanfar said al - Jazeera was considering legal action .
" Our lawyers are looking at it and many satellite companies are working to coordinate a position and a response , " he added .
In an interview with Mena , the official Egyptian news agency yesterday , Egyptian information minister Anas al - Fiqi defended the charter , saying it was " not aimed at restricting freedom of the media but rather to organise it at a time when satellite channels are spreading ignorant [ messages ] and illegitimate religious edicts " .
Al - Jazeera rose to international prominence after 9/11 when it began broadcasting videos by Osama bin Laden , and is widely criticised in the west , where many politicians and opinion formers regard it as a mouthpiece for al - Qaida , or an apologist for Islamic fundamentalism .
However , al - Jazeera has rarely enjoyed good relations with Middle East governments , many of whom dislike its stated editorial ambition to reflect the views and mood of the " Arab street " .
· To contact the MediaGuardian newsdesk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332 .
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
By JR Raphael
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
You can measure a man ’s greatness by the number of cool gadgets in his home – or at least , the number of cool gadgets he ’d like to have in his home if not for those pesky utility bills .
So in the spirit of all things awesome , I bring you this list of 10 gadgets every geek should have ( or , at the very least , want to have ) .
The cell phone watch
Look out , Dick Tracy .
Dialing from your wrist has finally become a reality .
iMobile ’s Touchscreen Cell Phone Wristwatch is one of the coolest gadgets I ’ve encountered in years .
The watch functions with a SIM card from any AT&T or T - Mobile GSM - style phone .
You just pop the card out of your phone and into your watch , and you ’re in business .
Any calls to your phone will be routed right to your wrist .
The watch also lets you make calls , play music , watch movies , manage appointments – the whole nine yards .
It even comes with a stylus for navigation ease .
You can get it for just under $ 150 at IC - Mall , about a hundred bucks less than when it first came out .
I ’ll take two .
The iris recognition flash drive
No one wants his data stolen .
Now , you can protect your files with state - of - the - art iris recognition .
The Rehoboth Tech Irikon Flash Memory drive scans your eyes , then wo n’t function again until you give it your loving gaze .
The drives are sold in one gig , two gig , and four gig sizes .
Rehoboth
Tech promises it scans within two seconds and can recognize you from six centimeters away .
These are n’t for sale just yet , so no word on pricing .
The pocket - sized big brother
Think the cleaning lady ’s using your notebook while you ’re at work ?
This little fella called the KeyCarbon plugs right into any USB port , between your keyboard and your computer , and logs all keystrokes straight from the board to its memory .
The playback function is built right into it , too – once you run the utility and enter the password , of course .
These puppies run about $ 190 .
And let me just say in advance that I do n’t know anything about all the Google Image searches for “ Tila Tequila ” that may or may not show up on your report .
The lazy man ’s paradise
All right , I ’ll admit :
This is not an essential one .
But for as simple a thing as it is , this has been one of the best purchases I ’ve ever made .
The Eforcity Wireless Remote Control lets you hook up any three electrical appliances to one handy , palm - sized switch .
It ’s great for homes that do n’t have switch - controlled lighting , because you can finally hook all your lamps up to one centralized control spot .
You could even attach it to your keychain and control your electronics from outside your home .
I ’ve used it for fountains and other various appliances , too .
I ’ve always thought about hooking it up to my George Foreman Grill too , then leaving a burger on deck at all times for one - touch remote cooking .
The PC that ’s quieter than grandma
Imagine a PC cooled in luxurious , sparkling blue water .
Okay , I do n’t know that it ’s necessarily luxurious , sparkling , or blue , but NEC has come up with a way to cool your computer with the power of H2O .
The NEC ValueStar W Vista Media PC uses sound - absorbing material in conjunction with liquid - cooling technology to keep your hard drives humming at the sound of a whisper .
Surprise surprise , they ’re only in Japan so far … but maybe we ’ll get them in another decade .
The happy guy that eats your money
Call me silly , but I love this thing .
The Banpresto Face Bank uses light sensors to “ see ” your movement , then opens its mouth to swallow your change .
And , the best part , it ’s only $ 40 .
Belching not included .
For the clean geek inside of you
My inner neat freak is absolutely gaga for this next gadget .
The 8 ” USB vacuum gives you an easy way to clean up all the dust and leftover Cheeto crumbs lingering around your desk .
It even has a movable handle for those hard - to - reach areas .
I ’ll admit , I do n’t break out the adult - sized vacuum too often … but I swear I ’d be using this thing every day .
It runs $ 20 .
Geek organizer gadget
Again , revealing my neuroses here , but I would love to get my hands on one of these things ( hint , hint ) .
The Intelliscanner Mini lets you catalog your life .
The handheld device scans anything with a barcode , then dumps all the data into a database on your computer .
Just think : a gadget to keep track of all your gadgets !
You could also use it to make logs of books , magazines , movies , CDs , you name it .
And it has a library - like function , where you can mark what items you ’ve let friends borrow and when they ’re returned .
But I ’ve saved the best for last :
It comes with a detachable neck lanyard , so you can wear it day and night and make everyone you know insanely jealous ( and yes , I take their laughter as a sign of insane jealousy ) .
$ 300 .
Fun with football fans
Sick of those loud morons screaming at the TV in the booth next to yours ?
Check out the TV - B - Gone gadget .
It claims to control virtually any TV with a single push .
Click it onto your keychain and get ready to have some sports bar fun .
Forget the Kool - Aid
This is another in the “ absolutely unnecessary ” pile , but the LED Faucet Light is still pretty freakin’ sweet .
For $ 13 - $ 20 , you can make all your tap water come out in bright colors .
Not recommended for use with hallucinogenic substances .
Actually , cancel that .
Recommended for such use .
That ’s 10 , but many of my favorite geek gadgets are still to come .
Next week , we ’ll wrap up another list with some real winners , including the two most annoying gadgets ever invented , some stylin ’ fashion with high - tech function , and what might be the safest safe I ’ve ever seen .
In the meantime , feel free to add your own favorites to the list .
The good thing about gadgets is you can never have too many .
For Immediate Release
February 19 , 2008
The recent news reports that our government has finally charged the “ 6 Guantanamo Detainees ” for crimes connected to the 9/11 terrorist attacks has focused on the fact that our government is calling for the death penalty .
While we all agree that the perpetrators of 9/11 should be brought to justice , the death penalty is not the issue .
The real issue is that it must first be proven that these six detainees are indeed the guilty parties .
Although we attempted to have this kind of information brought to light through the work of the 9/11 Independent Commission , much of their work is now suspect because , by their own admission , they wrote the 9/11 story based on third hand information .
The Commission itself was never allowed to interview the detainees ; instead they had to use notes taken by the CIA interrogators of those interviews .
In their document requests , the commissioners failed to use the standard language that defines “ documents ” as being computer discs , “ videos ” , etc .
As such , the CIA did not hand over the videotaped interrogation interviews of the detainees , contending recently , that the Commission never asked specifically for “ videos ” .
It has since been reported that the CIA , against orders , destroyed these tapes and thus this evidence .
As unconscionable as the destruction of these videotapes was , what has made it even more egregious , is that the tapes would have , according to the CIA , revealed that some of the detainees were subjected to harsh , enhanced interrogation techniques , including water boarding .
This was done , even though it is widely agreed by military experts that confessions or evidence garnered through extreme measures , such as torture , are unreliable .
Therefore , even if the evidence in these tapes contained detainee confessions to some aspects of the 9/11 terrorist attacks , this evidence would now be considered tainted .
Further complicating these matters , the Administration has decided to try these men in Military Tribunals .
Bringing these six men to trial with a system that is secretive in nature and lacking in due process , which uses tainted evidence , is a dangerous endeavor .
All Americans , and indeed the entire international community , must have the opportunity to witness for themselves the body of evidence that ties these individuals to the 9/11 terrorists ’ plot .
Otherwise the credibility of any verdict will lack legitimacy .
Moreover , unless these trials are above reproach , any convictions – death penalty or otherwise – will bring the wrath of the international community , damaging what is left of America ’s standing in the world .
Considering that we continue to rely heavily on cooperation from other nations to provide us with intelligence information on would be terrorists , this course of action can only be detrimental to these crucial relationships , thereby jeopardizing our national security .
These trials , when they finally take place , will be scrutinized around the globe .
Unless the victims ’ families , the American public and the entire world can be convinced that we are trying and convicting the people who are truly responsible for the 9/11 crimes , these trials will be seen as a miserable failure , dimming our prospects of improved international relationships , and making us more vulnerable to terrorist attacks in the future .
In our pursuit of justice with regard to the six Guantanamo detainees , we implore you , let us not do more harm than good .
# # #
Patty Casazza
Monica Gabrielle
Mindy Kleinberg
Lorie Van Auken
Image : a snapshot I took in 2006 of ethnic Tibetan nuns praying in a temple in Lhasa , Tibet .
This small temple is very close to the site of large protests taking place this week .
Some of the women in this temple told me that fellow nuns had been jailed , tortured , or " disappeared " for expressing spiritual allegiance to the Dalai Lama , and to the notion of Tibetan sovereignty .
– – – – – – – – – –
The Chinese government this week dispatched military troops and police to important monasteries in Tibet to crack down on the largest protests by ethnic Tibetan Buddhist monks in the Himalayan region in 20 years .
Witnesses are reporting that trucks full of troops have surrounded Drepung monastery in Lhasa , as police surround nearby Sera monastery .
Snip from the Independent :
These two sites have strong symbolic significance , as they were the training grounds for the monks who led Tibet before the People 's Liberation Army came in 1950 and ousted the Dalai Lama .
Protests began on Monday as monks marked the 49th anniversary of the failed uprising against Chinese rule that culminated in the Dalai Lama 's exile .
The protests are the biggest since the late 1980s , when riots led to martial law .
Back then , China 's current President , Hu Jintao , was the Communist Party chief in Tibet .
Signs of defiance in Tibet come just five months before the Olympic Games in Beijing , when the eyes of the world will be on China .
Tibetan activists are expected to use the extra attention to highlight their cause .
Among the many reports today , this sad and symbolic story : two of the protesting monks from Drepung are in critical condition after stabbing their wrists and chests as a form of protest .
The two monks were identified as Kalsang and Damchoe , both originally from Kirti monastery in Sichuan province and now resident at Drepung monastery .
Sources said the men had stabbed themselves in the chest , hands , and wrists .
Both refused to be moved to hospital but were taken instead to the monastery clinic , the sources said .
" There are many other monks who hurt themselves in desperation , and protests are going on inside the monastery as of March 12 and 13 , " one source said .
Another source described the two monks ' condition as critical and said they were not expected to survive .
The pro-Tibet - independence advocacy group Students for a Free Tibet has a news coverage roundup of the protest inside Tibet , and a roundup of related video reports , including the clip above , which shows exiled Tibetan monks and nuns in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh protesting , and vowing to return by foot over the Himalayas to Tibet .
Previously on BB :
Disparaging remarks aimed at migrant workers got resident House rabble - rouser Douglas Bruce banned from speaking on a temporary - worker bill today .
“ We do n’t need 5,000 more illiterate peasants in the state of Colorado , ” Bruce , R- Colorado Springs , told the chamber to an audible gasp .
Rep. Kathleen Curry , leading the House at the time , immediately barred Bruce from speaking at the podium , an uncommon maneuver .
“ How dare you ? ” she asked Bruce , before House members moved back to discussion of a bill aimed at helping seasonal farm workers from other countries enter the state legally on a temporary basis .
The pilot program , which sets up liaisons in Mexico to assist foreign workers , would allow up to 5,000 laborers into Colorado over five years .
Rep. Terrance Carroll , D - Denver , said that as the “ son of illiterate slaves who built this country ” he found Bruce ’s remark bigoted and said it may prompt an ethics investigation .
“ He clearly violated the decorum of the House , ” said Carroll , the assistant majority leader .
“ It was premeditated bigotry .
Doug Bruce is not a stupid man .
He thinks about what he ’s going to say . ”
If an investigation takes form , it would be the second of Bruce ’s short statehouse career .
The freshman lawmaker faced censure earlier this year for kicking a news photographer .
Republicans later removed him the powerful State , Veterans and Military Affairs Committee because he refused to co-sponsor a resolution honoring military veterans .
Bruce said he believed resolutions were a waste of time because they have no legal impact .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
Gran Turis - Mario
Mario Kart Wii
Developer : Nintendo
Publisher : Nintendo
Platform : Wii
Price : $ 49.99 ( Shop. Ars )
Rating : Everyone
With successful outings on the Super Nintendo , N64 , Gameboy Advance , Gamecube , the DS , and even in arcades , the Mario Kart series makes its Wii debut with Mario Kart Wii .
The game continues the series ' traditions admirably , offering a bit of a " best of " feel while moving the game play forward enough to qualify as a worthwhile evolution of the series .
While Mario Kart
Wii does live up to Nintendo 's first - party software standards , there are some issues ; this is n't a perfect piece of software .
But the few issues do not undermine the reality that Mario Kart Wii is a fantastic racer that will make an addict out of casual and hardcore gamers alike .
With a huge array of courses , refined mechanics , online play , and more , Mario Kart Wii is one of the best racers around .
And given that Gran Turismo 5 Prologue is still warm in our PS3s , that 's saying a lot .
I could eat a Peach for hours
For those not familiar with the series , Mario Kart Wii is a fairly straightforward racing game involving familiar Nintendo characters in go -karts .
A number of items are strewn about the varied courses that can be used to help you or hinder others as you race for the finish .
It 's accessible in principle , but the combination of tactics , items , and creative tracks makes the game a dynamic and often challenging experience .
Old and new collide in Mario Kart Wii as classic courses and items are joined by new ones
The game 's presentation is simple , so do n't expect to flip the game on for the first time and be amazed .
Though Nintendo has made some great game play changes over previous incarnations , the game 's visual and aural presentation has seen little improvement .
Aside from 480 p and widescreen support , the game looks and sounds almost identical to its GameCube predecessor , though the steady frame rate is welcome .
Most of the energy was spent stuffing the game with a ton of content .
Once a license is created and linked it to a Mii — the license tracks a ton of statistics about online and offline results , preferred vehicle and character , and more — players can dig into the game 's many choices of play .
The requisite Grand Prix mode headlines the solo experience , supplemented by solo Time Trial , Versus , and Battle modes .
Grand Prix will be the first stop for those hoping to unlock the game 's wealth of hidden content .
Sadly , the two - player cooperative version of the GP has been removed : this means that unlocking content must be done alone — a shame , as there 's quite a bit of content to unlock .
I wo n't spoil the surprises , but completing the game is going to take quite some time .
From the get - go , players have access to 12 characters , six vehicle variants per character , and 16 courses .
Playing through the single player will slowly unlock more courses , new characters , and better rides .
The introduction of motorcycles spices things up a bit .
The traditional 50CC , 100CC , and 150CC class division remains — roughly positioned as easy , medium , and hard — but the divide is quite different this time around .
Initially , in 50 CC , racers will only be able to use karts , while 100CC is restricted to bikes , and 150 CC is a free - for - all .
Regardless of what ride you pick , though , characters in Mario Kart Wii are still divided into three unwritten weight classes : light , medium , and heavy .
These weight classes determine the available vehicles for each character .
Each weight class can chose from three bikes and three karts of varying specialties , and more become available as the player progresses .
Do n't expect to be a master of bikes quickly ; the vehicles handle differently than karts .
New items join the list of series staples like the turtle shells and banana peels , as well — and the new items mesh quite well with the old favorites .
Stand - out additions include the " Lightning Cloud , " which infuses the game with a little Hot Potato action as players desperately try to pass off the cloud before it erupts by ramming into each other , and the " POW Block , " which unleashes a devastating earthquake .
The bikes add a great new dimension to the racing action
It 's in the course selection , though , that one realizes just how much content Nintendo has included in Mario Kart Wii .
Eight tours with four tracks a piece totals 32 different tracks .
This is where the " best of " feel to the title kicks in , as old favorites like " Ghost Valley 2 " from the SNES and " Waluigi 's Stadium " from the GameCube join newcomers like " Wario's Gold Mine " and the " Coconut Mall " alongside new takes on " Mario Circuit , " " Luigi Circuit , " and more .
It 's a bit of a hodgepodge of old and new , but it works .
The same goes for the game 's Battle maps , which also draw on old and new to round out the roster of courses .
Oh , and the new " Rainbow Road ? " Unbelievable .
Without a solid driving engine , though , all the content in the world could n't save the game from being a toss away .
As a self - professed Mario Kart guru , I approached this new title looking for those little nuances that make Mario Kart so great .
What I found surprised me .
i Tunes may not be the best media player on the market , but let 's face facts : with its tight integration with our iPods and its excellent playlisting tools , it 's very likely the digital jukebox you 're using every day to manage your music .
With that in mind , it 's time you take iTunes to the next level .
We 've already tackled the 20 Best iPod Utilities , so today we 're taking a look at the 23 iTunes add - ons that can take your iTunes experience from good to great .
Advertisement
The 20 Best iPod Utilities Click to viewWith a new generation of iPods on the market this holiday season , your reliable old …
Read more
Notifiers and Universal Shortcuts
Advertisement
CD Art Display ( Windows ) : Display currently playing track , album art , rating , and tons of other wildly customizable features .
In addition , CD Art Display can download missing album art and create universal hotkeys for controlling iTunes .
( Download ) ( Read more )
moreTunes ( Windows ) : Similar to CD
Art Display , moreTunes displays a floating album art notification but instead has an emphasis on completing or repairing your metadata .
moreTunes also has a recommendation feature and works with several other non-iTunes media players .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
Quicksilver ( Mac ) : Control iTunes playback , browse your iTunes library , and more from the comfort of your favorite application launcher and beyond Quicksilver .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
DeskTunes ( Mac ) : Another iTunes notifier , DeskTunes floats the current album art , track name , and rating on your Mac desktop .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
You Control : Tunes ( Mac ) : Control iTunes from the menu bar , define universal hotkeys for changing tracks , view current song info or navigate and play any song in your entire iTunes library all from the You Control : Tunes menu bar drop down .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
DockArt ( Mac ) :
This plug - in performs one very simple tweak , replacing your iTunes icon in the Dock with the album artwork of the currently playing song .
It 's not a huge tweak , but it 's certainly lovable .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
iConcertCal ( Windows / Mac ) : Installs a new " visualization " to iTunes that scans your music library and then displays upcoming concerts in your area for artists in your iTunes library on a calendar .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Utilities
Advertisement
iTunes Folder Watch ( Windows ) : Monitor folders for new music and automatically add the songs to your iTunes library if they have n't already been imported to iTunes .
It 's a feature everyone wants and tons of other players have , so this one 's a must - have for a lot of iTunes users — especially if you download from sources other than iTunes ( * wink * ) ( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
Senuti ( Mac ) : Copy songs from any iPod to your iTunes library .
There are other iPod - to - computer tools available for Mac and Windows , like iPod ->
Folder , but Senuti stands out for this list for its ability to tell you what music on an iPod is already in your library and which songs are not , making it easy to slurp new songs from a friend 's iPod without introducing duplicates into your library .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
iTunes Export ( Windows ) : Okay , so let 's say you decide that you really do want to move your iTunes library to another computer , or maybe you just want to export the perfect playlist to a thumb drive to give to that special someone .
Either way , iTunes export gets your music out of iTunes for moving to another computer or device .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
MP3 to iPod Audio Book Converter ( Windows ) : Turn your MP3 audiobooks into the iTunes standard M4B audiobook format easily with MP3 to iPod Audio Book Converter .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
iTunes Sync ( Windows ) : Love iTunes but have n't shelled out for an iPod ?
iTunes Sync syncs your iTunes library to your non-iPod MP3 players — like one from this verified working list .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
XiphQT ( Windows / Mac ) : Play back audio files encoded in the popular open source Ogg codec with the XiphQT plugin .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
DRM Dumpster ( Mac ) : Automates the tedious but generally simplest and most effective method for stripping DRM from iTunes music — by burning it to a CD and ripping it back to your library .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
iTunes Remote Control ( Mac ) : Remotely control playback of another iTunes library on your network by playing and skipping tracks , browsing playlists , searching songs , and more .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
i Sproggler ( Windows ) and iScrobbler ( Mac ) : Automatically upload your iTunes listening habits to the popular social music recommendation site Last. fm .
( Download iSproggler [ Windows ] iScrobbler [ Mac ] Read more
Tagging Tools
Advertisement
Moody ( Mac ) : Tag your tunes by color - based moods with this simple tagging tool .
Not only does Moody take the work out of tagging , but it also automatically creates playlists for you to listen to your mood music .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
Quick Tag ( Mac ) : Quickly add tags to the current song playing in iTunes with a simple , universal keyboard shortcut and autocompletion for quick tagging .
Metadata goes into the Grouping field for easy playlist creation later .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
Qloud ( Windows / Mac ) : Qloud adds a button to iTunes for in - program tagging of your music , which — for better or worse — integrates with Qloud 's social networking and recommendation feature .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Playlist Generators
Advertisement
AutoRate ( Mac ) : Some people love rating songs in iTunes , others do n't .
But the great part about ratings is that they 're really handy when you 're creating smart playlists , which is why AutoRate — an app that analyzes play frequency and skip count to automatically assign ratings to your music — is a handy download to have in your pocket .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
Soundflavor DJ ( Windows ) : Soundflavor makes audio fingerprints of your music and builds playlists based on similarity of those fingerprints .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
The Filter ( Windows / Mac ) : Another playlist creation and recommendation tool , give The Filter three songs so it knows the feel you 're looking for and it will build you a playlist based on that mood .
( Download ) ( Read more )
Advertisement
Top 13 iTunes AppleScripts ( Mac ) :
Whether you 're looking to create playlists like a list of all your one - hit wonders or three - for - all blocks of your favorite artists , I highlighted the 13 best iTunes AppleScripts for bolstering iTunes on the Mac. ( Read more )
To weed through the entirety of excellent iTunes AppleScripts , check out Doug 's AppleScripts .
If you 've already read our list of the 20 Best iPod Utilities you may notice one or two repeats where the utility still applies to iTunes , but overall the list features a completely different set of software .
And while you 're supercharging iTunes with new functionality , be sure to check out a few iTunes power tips for taking advantage of killer iTunes features included by default that you may not know about .
Advertisement
Adam Pash is a senior editor for Lifehacker who can't stop fiddling with iTunes .
His special feature Hack Attack appears every Tuesday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Hack Attack RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
Obama : Clinton getting ' a little desperate ' and ' a lot more aggressive ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday March 3 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
On the eve of the Texas and Ohio primaries , the Barack Obama campaign is " deeply confident , " according to ABC News , and sees Hillary Clinton 's recent campaign strategy as a sign of desperation .
ABC's Terry Moran asked Obama about Clinton 's " 3 am " ad , which attacks Obama 's readiness to respond in a crisis by asking " Its 3 a.m. and your children are safe and asleep .
Who do you want answering the phone ? "
" I think she has got a little desperate towards the end of this campaign , and I think has been a lot more aggressive in her negative attacks , " Obama responded .
" And as I pointed out , we 've actually had a pretty significant moment in the last several years that called people 's judgment into question .
and that was the war in Iraq .
And she had a lot of time to consider it and made the wrong call .
just as Senator McCain did . "
Obama added that " one of the things that I 've known about myself for a long time , and I think that most people who have gotten to know me come to realize , is that in difficult or stressful moments , I do n't get rattled . "
Clinton has described the ad as pointing to " a contrast that needed to be sharpened , because this is a big decision for people .
... I think we are helping to get out the differences and raise some issues that are important . "
This video is from ABC's Good Morning America , broadcast March 3 , 2008 .
Transcript via closed captions :: terry moran , anchor of " nightline " has been with barack obama and sat down with the senator in the final hours before the big primary voting .
good morning , terry . :: reporter : good morning , chris .
columbus , ohio , one of the last , perhaps , front lines in this battle between senators barack obama d hillary clinton .
and you spend a little time with barack obama campaign , you can feel this is a candidate and a campaign deeply confident .
they think they 're on the verge of nailing this down , and they 're increasingly focusing on john mccain .
of course , hillary clinton is n't going anywhere yet .
and barack obama still has a real struggle on his hands . :: hello ! :: reporter : after 11 wins in a row , these gr days for barack obama . :: having fun ? :: of course i am. :: reporter : and with polls showing obama virtually tied with hillary clinton in ohio and texas after being down by double digits two weeks ago , this candidate smells victory . :: if you win ohio and texas on tuesday , is that -- is it over ?
is it time for hillary clinton to get out ? :: well , i think that will be up to senator clinton .
but if we do well in texas and ohio , i think the math is such where it 's going to be hard for her to win the nomination .
and they 'll have to make a decision about how much longer they want to pursue it . :: reporter : but hillary clinton is still coming after barack obama with this ominous ad calling into question his redness for a crisis . :: it 's 3:00 a.m. , your children are safely asleep .
who do you want answering the phone ? :: reporter : what do you think of that ? :: well , i think she 's got a little desperate towards the end of this campaign and i think has been a lot more aggressive in her negative attacks .
and as i pointed out , we 've actually had a pretty significant moment in the last several years that called people judgment into question .
and that was the war in iraq .
and she had a lot time to consider it .
and made the wrong call .
just as senator mccain did . :: reporter : what 's the one thing in your life that you think prepares you best for that moment ? :: i'm not sure it 's one thing .
i think it is a matter of temperament .
you know , one of the things that i've known about myself for a long time , and i think that most people who have gotten to know me come to realize is that in difficult or stressful moments , i do n't get rattled .
and i do n't get rattled during campaigns . :: reporter : the clinton campaign is also trying to rattle obama by talking about tony rezko , obama 's longtime friend who goes on trial for corruption this week .
obama bought his house at the same time rezko's wife bought a piece of the same lot .
and that 's raised a lot of questions .
the clinton campaign has called on you to release all of the material in the purchase of your home on rezko's purchase of that lot .
will you do it ? :: well , look , terry , this has been a story that 's been going on for a year and a half .
we have seen more than 200 articles written about it .
and we in fact released an e-mail just recently from the seller of the home that confirmed that mr.
rezko had nothing to do with the price that i got for my house .
he got into trouble .
that was completely unrelated to me .
and the trouble that he's in right now is completely unrelated to anything that i have done . :: reporter : will you release that material ? :: there is n't much material to release . :: reporter : e-mails , correspondence ? :: we have provided people with all of the information that 's needed to make an assessment .
terry , we have released all of the information , i do n't know what information the clinton campaign is referring to . :: reporter : i think the bottom - line question for voters on this issue might be , you call yourself a reformer ? :: right . :: reporter : you talk about your judgment . :: right . :: reporter : and yet , how could you enter into this transaction with a long - term contributor who at that time was known to be under investigation for corruption ?
what does that say about your judgment ? :: well , i think , understand , terry , that this was a transaction that was completely above board .
that was a standard real estate transaction .
and i've already said that this was a mistake .
and i've never made a claim that i've never made mistakes . :: reporter : obama 's real concern may not be tony rezko , but sustaining his remarkable run .
the crowds , the enthusiasm , the hope .
enthusiasm is a transitory thing .
is it possible that can could evaporate ?
are you concerned about that ? :: no , no . :: reporter : do you see this rock star quality ? :: this is what people have been saying for months .
this is what people say when i first announced .
they said , it 's a flash in the pan .
it will fade .
i do n't have a bunch of romantics here .
there are a whole bunch of people in this crowd who have lost jobs , lost health care .
they 're not in it out of infatuation , they think this is now we 're going to change the country and i think they 're right . :: reporter : confidence , it 's never been in short supply on the obama campaign .
one final note , we asked senator obama about the portrayal of him on " saturday night live " by fred arminson .
he said it was fine .
his wife said he needs to smile more .
his is a very somber obama . :: all right .
thank you , terry .
there will be a lot more on " nightline . "
PS .
I dedicate this post to all those would - be guitar heroes out there … and wish them a speedy recovery from that nasty bout of carpal tunnel .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Click to print ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Tumblr ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Pinterest ( Opens in new window )
Click to email this to a friend ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Reddit ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on LinkedIn ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
In his TEDTalk released today , physicist Stephen Hawking asks Big Questions about life , the universe and everything .
His talk was recorded at Cambridge , in a borrowed classroom — whose well - used blackboard happens to contain the Answer to life , the universe and everything .
It ’s visible in the upper - right - hand corner of the shot above , and in this inset :
Thanks for the tip , Robert Todd !
Following Honeybee Disappearance , Bumblebees Begin Vanishing Act !
Tuesday , October 09 , 2007
GRANTS PASS , Ore. - Looking high and low , Robbin
Thorp can no longer find a species of bumblebee that just five years ago was plentiful in northwestern California and southwestern Oregon .
Thorp , an emeritus professor of entomology from the University of California at Davis , found one solitary worker last year along a remote mountain trail in the Siskiyou Mountains , but has n't been able to locate any this year .
He fears that the species - Franklin 's bumblebee - has gone extinct before anyone could even propose it for the endangered species list .
To make matters worse , two other bumblebee species - one on the East coast , one on the West - have gone from common to rare .
Amid the uproar over global warming and mysterious disappearances of honeybee colonies , concern over the plight of the lowly bumblebee has been confined to scientists laboring in obscurity .
But if bumblebees were to disappear , farmers and entomologists warn , the consequences would be huge , especially coming on top of the problems with honeybees , which are active at different times and on different crop species .
Bumblebees are responsible for pollinating an estimated 15 percent of all the crops grown in the U.S. , worth $ 3 billion , particularly those raised in greenhouses .
Those include tomatoes , peppers and strawberries .
Demand is growing as honeybees decline .
In the wild , birds and bears depend on bumblebees for berries and fruits .
There is no smoking gun yet , but a recent National Academy of Sciences report on the status of pollinators around the world blames a combination of habitat lost to housing developments and intensive agriculture , pesticides , pollution and diseases spilling out of greenhouses using commercial bumblebee hives .
" We have been naive , " said Neal Williams , assistant professor of biology at Bryn Mawr College in Pennsylvania .
" We have n't been diligent the way we need to be . "
The threat has bumblebee advocates lobbying Congress to allocate more money for research and to create incentives for farmers to leave uncultivated land for habitat .
They also want farmers to grow more flowering plants that native bees feed on .
" We are smart enough to deal with this , " said Laurie Adams , executive director of the Pollinator Partnership .
" There is hope . "
Companies in Europe , Israel and Canada adapted bumblebees to commercial use in the early 1990s , and they are now standard in greenhouses raising tomatoes and peppers .
Demand is growing as supplies of honeybees decline , especially for field crops such as blueberries , cranberries , watermelon , squash , and raspberries , said Holly Burroughs , general manager for production for the U.S. branch of Koppert Biological Systems Inc. , a Netherlands company that sells most of the commercial bumblebees in the U.S .
One new customer is Tony Davis of Quail Run Farm in Grants Pass .
He has long depended on volunteer bumblebees to fertilize the squash , cucumbers , tomatoes and eggplant he grows outdoors for sale in growers ' markets .
When he started growing strawberries in greenhouses this year to get a jump on the competition , he bought commercial bumblebee hives to fertilize them .
" Without bumblebees , I would be out of business .
I do n't think I could hand - pollinate all these plants , " he said .
Scientists hoping to pinpoint the cause of the nation 's honeybee decline recently identified a previously unknown virus , but stress that parasitic mites , pesticides and poor nutrition all remain suspects .
Unlike honeybees , which came to North America with the European colonists of the 17th century , bumblebees are natives .
They collect pollen and nectar to feed to their young , but make very little honey .
A huge problem facing scientists is how " appallingly little we know about our pollinating resources , " said University of Illinois entomology Prof.
May Berenbaum , who headed the National Academy of Sciences report .
Scott Black , executive director of the Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation in Portland , worries that on top of pesticides and narrowing habitats , disease could be the last straw for many of the bee species .
" It definitely could all come crashing down , " he said .
Comments :
Chinese troops patrolled the streets of Lhasa on Sunday
Clashes between Tibetan protesters and police in Aba , Sichuan province , saw a police station and cars attacked .
Rights groups said several people had been killed in the clashes .
Protests were also reported in Gansu province .
The unrest came after exiled Tibetan leaders said a Chinese crackdown had killed at least 80 people in Lhasa .
Indian - based officials said the figure was confirmed by several sources , even though China had put the death toll during Friday 's riots at 10 .
' Rule of terror '
The Dalai Lama has called for an international inquiry into China 's crackdown , accusing it of a " rule of terror " and " cultural genocide " .
The clashes in Aba , known as Ngawa in Tibetan , happened around 1200 local time on Sunday , according to Kate Saunders of the International Campaign for Tibet .
" According to reliable reports the police opened fire , " said Ms Saunders , who is in London but said she had indirect phone and web access to eyewitness accounts .
" We know there have been deaths . "
She said that more than 1,000 monks had been on the streets of the town , which is home to a large monastery .
Accounts of how many people died differ , but she said the most reliable eyewitness source put the toll at seven .
Reuters news agency cited an unnamed police officer in Aba saying that Tibetans had thrown petrol bombs , burned a police station , and torched vehicles during the clashes .
Crackdown
The BBC has learned that troops in Sichuan province have been recalled from leave and put on standby .
TIBET DIVIDE China says Tibet always part of its territory Tibet enjoyed long periods of autonomy before 20th century 1950 : China launched a military assault Opposition to Chinese rule led to bloody uprising in 1959 Tibet 's spiritual leader the Dalai Lama fled to India
Q&A : China and Tibet In pictures : Lhasa tense
In China 's north - western Gansu province , at Machu town , hundreds of protesters marched on government buildings and set fire to Chinese businesses , Reuters reported , quoting the Free Tibet Campaign .
An account emailed to the BBC from a witness in the town said about 1,500 people - monks and lay people - shouting " Free Tibet " and " Long Live " the Dalai Lama were tear - gassed by security forces .
In the Gansu capital Lanzhou , more than 100 Tibetan students staged a sit - down protest on a university 's playing field , according to the activist group Free Tibet .
Elsewhere in Gansu , at Xiahe , security forces extended their clampdown on Sunday after confrontations there between hundreds of monks and police over the weekend .
Olympic torch
In Lhasa , where demonstrators set fire to Chinese - owned shops and hurled rocks at local police on Friday after days of mainly peaceful protests , Chinese troops were out in force .
The authorities in Tibet have urged the protesters to hand themselves in by Monday morning .
In an interview with the BBC , Tibet 's spiritual leader the Dalai Lama said he feared there would be more deaths unless Beijing changed its policies towards Tibet .
" It has become really very , very tense .
Now today and yesterday , the Tibetan side is determined .
The Chinese side also equally determined .
So that means , the result : killing , more suffering , " he said .
China says
Tibet has always been part of its territory , though Tibet enjoyed long periods of autonomy before the 20th Century and many Tibetans remain loyal to the Dalai Lama , who fled in 1959 .
The unrest erupted a fortnight before China 's Olympic celebrations kick off with the start of the torch relay , which is scheduled to pass through Tibet .
The Dalai Lama emphasised that he still supported Beijing 's staging of the Olympic Games this summer , saying it was an opportunity for the Chinese to show their support for the principle of freedom .
IE 6 actually had the best CSS support of any browser when it first came out …
SEVEN YEARS AGO .
The little bugs in it ’s CSS support still haunt us to this day .
I still get comments from people who roundly reject any technique that does n’t work in IE 6 .
While I generally refuse to pander to IE 6 ’s limitations , I still feel it is important to make things look right in it whenever possible .
Here are that major bugs in IE that ’ll get you every time :
The Box Model
This is perhaps the most common and frustrating bug of all in IE 6 and below .
Let ’s say you declare a box like this :
div#box { width : 100 px ; border : 2 px solid black ; padding : 10 px ; }
IE 6 will calculate the width of the box to be 100 px .
Modern browsers will calculate the width of the box to be 124px .
This kind of discrepancy can cause HUGE layout problems .
I even think the IE version makes a little bit more sense logically , but that is not how the spec was written .
IE 6 can actually get it right if you are in standards - compliant mode , which is rare these days as just using an HTML 4.0 transitional doctype will trigger quirks mode and the box model problem .
I generally work around this issue by just not using padding on boxes I am using for layout .
If that box has some text inside it in a < p > element , I ’ll apply the padding it needs directly to that p element .
Just side - steps the issue , but it works .
The Double Margin Bug
Using our box example from above , let ’s say we need that floated to the right :
div#box { float : right ; margin - right : 20 px ; }
IE 6 will double the 20px to 40 px .
Again , causing potentially huge layout borks .
The commonly thrown - around “ fix ” for this is to add “ display : inline ; ” to the div .
I ’m not sure how this “ fix ” got so much traction , but its a bit impractical .
We ca n’t set static widths on inline elements , now can we ?
I also like to side - step this bug whenever possible .
If you really need to push that box away from the right side of it ’s parent element , you can likely do so by adding padding to the parent element , which is more likely to keep your grid consistent anyway .
Also do n’t forget about padding .
This bug does not affect padding , so you can often get away with adding padding to the side you need an achieve the same result .
No Min Widths / Min Height
Setting min-width and min-height on elements is such a natural and logical thing that it makes me tear up sometimes thinking I can’t count on them .
IE 6 does n’t just get it wrong , it just completely ignores them .
Min -height is incredibly useful for something like a footer .
Say your footer needs to be at least 100 px tall because you are using a background image down there , but you do n’t want to set a static height because you want it to grow nicely if , say , the text size is bumped up significantly .
Min -height is perfect for this , but using it alone will get you no height whatsoever from IE 6 .
In a bizarre twist of luck , IE 6 treats the regular height property like modern browsers treat min-height , so you can use a “ hack ” to fix it .
I call it a “ hack ” , because I do n’t really consider it a hack since it validates just fine .
Stepdown
Normally when floating objects you can count on them lining up vertically until they break .
That is , you could if you were n’t using IE 6 .
IE 6 appends a line break effect after each floated block element which will cause “ stepdown ” .
The fix here is to make sure the line - height in the parent element is set to zero ( 0 ) , or that the elements being floated are inline elements .
More on preventing stepdown here .
No Hover States
Most modern browsers support hover states on just about any element , but not IE 6 .
IE 6 only support the hover pseudo - class on anchor ( < a > ) elements , and even then you do n’t get them if your anchor does n’t have a href attribute .
The solution here is to use a proprietary fix , or just deal with not having hover states on everything you want .
No Alpha Transparent PNG Support
Kind of funny that Microsoft themselves developed the PNG format , but their own browser does n’t natively support it ( until IE 7 ) * .
I have a whole roundup of different fixes for this .
Do remember that regular non -alpha transparent PNG files work fine without any fix in IE 6 , and are often better than their GIF sisters .
* Update : I was totally wrong about the Microsoft thing , no idea how that got in my head .
Tom Boutell actually developed the PNG format .
Thanks all !
All these bugs are either fixable or side - steppable , but they will get ya if you do n’t do your testing .
My general philosophy is : design with the most modern techniques possible , but then just make sure it ai n’t busted in older ones .
Arthur C Clarke ’s strategies for roulette , blackjack and online slots
Arthur C Clarke ’s strategies for roulette , blackjack and online slots
Hello , my name is Arthur C Clarke , and I am an online casino gambling expert with more than 15 years of experience in this field .
I ’ve played just about every online casino game out there and made a lot of money by establishing a wide range of winning strategies .
With that in mind , I am here to share some of those strategies with you .
I know it can be very difficult to win blackjack , roulette or online slots , so here are some tips to keep in mind .
Roulette strategies
Martingale
One of the top roulette strategies for me is definitely roulette martingale .
The idea is to double your bet if you lose with the focus on trying to get past the bad streak .
And no matter the outcome , you continually double your bet even if you have up to 6 consecutive losses .
Eventually you will win , and when you win you get to go big and recoup the lost money .
This is a negative flow strategy and one that I like to use at times .
It ’s risky by nature , but it can be very rewarding and helpful too .
Do keep in mind that some casinos have limits on how much you can bet !
Scobe ’s Simple Paroli system
This system is extremely popular among newcomers .
The focus is to increase your bet after a win and then continually increase as you win more .
This is safer than the Martingale system because you are only increasing bets when you win .
It might lead to losses , but when that happens you revert to the original bet .
D’Alembert Roulette Strategy
You can place a wager on red or black and then you increase it by one after a loss and by one after a win .
If you have as many wins as you have losses , you should walk away at that point .
However if you are on a losing streak , you will need to stay until the number of winnings will be equal to your losses .
This strategy is not risky .
Instead , you increase your bets incrementally as you win .
And if you have lots of losses , you continually decrease your bet .
It ’s the best of both worlds , and it will give you a very good experience .
Online slots strategies
The One Line strategy
As the name suggests , you rely on a single active pay line .
Make sure that you change the number of pay lines so you always have only a single active line .
It makes the online slots experience more volatile , true , but you also boost your rewards .
You can have 20 - 30 dead spins with this strategy , but in the end one of them can bring you lots and lots of wins .
Double or Nothing
For the Double or Nothing strategy , you are starting with low - value spins .
As you hit a winning combination , you use the Double or Nothing button .
The trick is to double up until you lose or when you are happy with your wins .
The odds of winning are 50 % .
You can either lose a lot of money , but you can also win big .
Gamble responsibly to avoid any issues .
Deposit bonus strategy
You need a deposit bonus of 200 % or even 100 % if possible .
The wagering requirement needs to be 50 times the max bonus , anything above is not needed .
Calculate the expected value , this is the amount of money you deposit and the bonus money , out of which you withdraw the wagering requirement and house edge .
Normally you will have a lot of extra money to gamble with based on the bonus .
Keep in mind that volatility can make it hard to use this type of method .
But if you time it right , it can be amazing .
Slow and steady betting
The Slow and steady betting has the lowest volatility factor .
The idea here is to play at a minimum stake until you reach the desired wagering requirement .
As the name suggests , this can take a lot of time .
However , once you reach the requirement , you can increase your bets .
Keep in mind that raising bets will increase volatility .
Blackjack strategies
Double - down on a hard 11
You always end up winning more money when you double down on the hard 11 against the healer upcard instead of hitting .
However , if you play a multi- deck game where the dealer stops at 17 , you might be better off hitting against him .
But other than that , doubling - down is always the way to go .
Double down A - 2 through A - 7
This is a very good idea if the dealer upcard is 5 or 6 .
In case the dealer upcard is higher , this method does n’t work .
But more often than not it will bring in great value , and you have to at least test it out .
If you play a single deck game , a good idea is to double down on 8 if the de3aler has a 5 or 6 upcard too .
The Surrender strategy
Using the Surrender strategy is a smart approach .
When you surrender , you can give up your hand , and you receive half of your stake back .
If you feel that there are less than 25 % chances of winning , then surrendering the hand will help you lose less money .
Pair Splitting
Pair Splitting lowers the house ’s edge , however it can be risky for you as well .
It works when the dealer offers a set of two identical cards .
You can play them as the doubled value , or you can play as the split value if you want .
In case you split , you will need to place another bet ( identical to the original bet ) .
Now you will have two different hands and each one has a stake of its own .
I believe you can win any casino game , it all comes down to finding the right winning methods .
Some of these strategies might work for you , some of them wo n’t .
But as you can imagine , casino betting is all a matter of perspective , trying new things and actively improving on your own approach .
I lost a lot of money trying to find the perfect strategies , but these helped me recoup all of that and so much more .
It all comes down to experimenting , seeing what you are comfortable with and then adapting .
Yes , it can be time - consuming , but in the end these strategies I shared with you will eventually bring a stellar return on investment !
When it opened in 1923 , Fiat ’s Lingotto Building was the largest car factory in the world .
It featured an entirely unique design where raw materials entered on the ground floor , and the cars were constructed on an assembly line which climbed through the building .
Eventually , the finished cars emerged onto the roof – directly onto a rooftop test track !
The factory sadly closed in 1982 , and has since become a multi-use complex featuring a theatre , concert halls , and a Meridien hotel .
You can read more about the wonderful Lingotto Building at Wikipedia .
Thanks to Oliver Dueck and A .
Read full article »
( age /2 )
Create an " event tap " to filter all system keypresses .
Find the frontmost window under the mouse Redirect the keypresses to that window .
AXUIElementCreateSystemWide
AXUIElementCopyElementAtPosition
AXUIElementRef
AXUI
AXError AXUIElementPostKeyboardEvent( AXUIElementRef application ,
CGCharCode keyChar ,
CGKeyCode virtualKey ,
Boolean keyDown ) ;
AXUIElementCopyElementAtPosition
CGPostKeyboardEvent
CGRemoteOperation.h
/*
* Synthesize keyboard events .
Based on the values entered ,
* the appropriate key down , key up , and flags changed events are generated .
* If keyChar is NUL ( 0 ) , an appropriate value will be guessed at , based on the
* default keymapping .
*
* All keystrokes needed to generate a character must be entered , including
* SHIFT , CONTROL , OPTION , and COMMAND keys .
For example , to produce a ' Z ' ,
* the SHIFT key must be down , the 'z ' key must go down , and then the SHIFT
* and 'z ' key must be released :
* CGPostKeyboardEvent( ( CGCharCode ) 0 , ( CGKeyCode ) 56 , true ) ; // shift down
* CGPostKeyboardEvent( ( CGCharCode ) ' Z ' , ( CGKeyCode ) 6 , true ) ; // 'z ' down
* CGPostKeyboardEvent( ( CGCharCode ) ' Z ' , ( CGKeyCode ) 6 , false ) ; // 'z' up
* CGPostKeyboardEvent( ( CGCharCode ) 0 , ( CGKeyCode ) 56 , false ) ; // ' shift up
*/
AXUIElementPostKeyboardEvent
CGPostKeyboardEvent
I recently switched to using OS X full - time for all my client - side computing .
Still using Linux on the backends , of course , at home and at work , but I now use Macs for my client machines .
I 'm not a Mac fanboy .
I 'm sort of a wannabe Mac fanboy , but I 'm not familiar enough with the OS yet ( either as a user or as a programmer ) to really rave about it .
I will say this : it was kinda fun turning off that last Windows box for the last time .
My main reason for switching was that I 'm getting old and the fonts look nicer .
Pretty stupid reason , is n't it ?
I thought so too .
But getting old kinda sneaks up on you .
I 've gone from preferring six - point font when I was twelve to 20 - point font now that I'm 40 .
So at least for me , my ideal font point size appears to be That sucks .
One day I noticed that I could actually read the screen when I was browsing in the Apple store , and I did some experimentation and found that yes , I can actually read normal - person 's fonts on the Mac .
And they look kinda nice , too – the antialiasing engine seems to be smarter ( and faster ) than the ones I 've seen on Windows and Linux .
So there ya go .
Fonts .
And now I have to learn all this new stuff , like what all those weird little symbols mean on the keys , and how to use the Finder , and what a " DMG file " is , and other stuff .
But the screen looks soooo nice , so it 's worth it .
How do they do it ?
It 's not just the fonts .
OS X windows look whiter and cleaner than their Windows / Linux cousins running on the same display with similar video hardware .
It 's a mystery to me , but it 's kinda cool .
I 've been using a work - issued MacBook Pro laptop for the past year , and that helped a lot with the transition , since when you 're on the road trying to get some work done , you have no choice but to figure out how to do basic OS tasks .
So that was a nice , slow , reasonably pain - free way to teach myself the basic skills you need .
I only bring this up because I know a lot of programmers ( myself included ) who 've tried Macs repeatedly and run away scared .
If you stick with it a little longer , it 's not too bad !
Particularly with their latest OS X release ( Leopard ) , it 's gotten a lot easier to do basic configuration for people accustomed to Linux .
For starters , it comes with a good X11 implementation , and there is a MacPorts project that ports all your favorite Unix stuff .
And they 're not lame half - broken ports like the ones you have to live with in Cygwin .
For instance , in a Bash shell running inside Emacs you can ssh into a Linux box and not get a bunch of greebly control characters .
And OS X is Unix , based on FreeBSD , so all your normal favorite Unix stuff pretty much works the same , or at least as much as you can expect across different flavors of Unix .
The only real reason I was using Windows at all , to be honest , was for hardware - device compatibility and for multimedia .
The Mac has drivers for everything I cared about ( my router , my printer , my camera , etc. ) and beats Windows hands - down on any sort of multimedia , so it was becoming clear that Windows was n't buying me much anymore .
I suppose I could do a blow - by - blow guide for how a Unix - and - Windows user can configure their Mac for maximum happiness .
If anyone 's interested , anyway .
Not today , though .
The bottom line is that pretty much everything you do n't like is configurable ... with one ugly exception .
And I do n't mean " Mary Ann on Gilligan 's Island Ugly " , either .
I mean Ugly ugly .
Ever since the Dawn of Time ( Jan 1 , 1970 ) , people have been bitching about the lack of focus - follows - mouse on Mac computers .
They started complaining about it fourteen years before the first Mac was even released , that 's how bad it was .
Every time they bring it up on Mac forums , the Mac users with non-Unix backgrounds ask " what 's that ? "
And then a bunch of wrong answers start flying around , with a few right answers interspersed but drowned out in the noise .
So let me tell you what it is first , in case you 're not from a Unix background .
Focus - follows - mouse means that when you move the mouse cursor , the window under the cursor gets the keyboard focus .
But saying that confuses Mac people who all assume that " focused " is synonymous with " foreground " , because that 's the way it works on the Mac .
The confusion stems from the fact that focus - follows - mouse comes in not one , but , yes that 's right , two yummy flavors .— in this flavor , reminiscent perhaps of a sweet juicy mandarin orange , the window under the mouse gets the keyboard focus but does not come to the front .
This allows you to interact with a partially - obscured window .
It 's especially useful when you have a terminal or shell window open , and it 's running a background process that you want to observe ... you guessed it , in the background !
You leave a little bit of the bottom and / or side of the window uncovered so you can keep an eye on the output .
Real - life use case : let 's say you 're a programmer who writes in C ++.
You will , of course , spend most of your working day playing Solitaire and reading reddit , because C++ is too goddamned stupid to do anything but gigantic , slow batch compiles of the entire dependency universe .
So you have at least four windows open at any given time : your editor , your compile shell , your browser , and your Solitaire game .
You 've spent a lot of time adjusting your window configuration to be " just right " , and unless you have a 30 - inch screen ( for instance , because you work for Google ) , your windows overlap .
Watching your compile status is like checking your rear - view mirror ; you do it every 7 seconds or so , even though you know the compiler will take a minimum of 15 minutes .
It 's like a slow - motion train wreck that you just can't tear your eyes from , even while playing Solitaire and reading reddit .
And every once in a while you 'll need to enter a command ( e.g. " make " , after you 've fixed the umpteenth compiler warning about doing a perfectly valid type conversion ) .
The last thing you want is to have to click the window to bring it to the front just so you can type " make " , because then you 'll need to go futz around with your window configuration again to get the window to go to back to whatever Z- location it used to be in the window stack .
I know it does n't sound like a big effort , but programmers are really , really lazy , and they like to minimize motion .
They 'd use feeder tubes if the Health Department would let them .
So in the autofocus flavor , it 's important that the window that gets the focus does not automatically come to the front .— in this pungent flavor , somewhat evocative of a slightly overripe Durian fruit left in the tropical sun for about nine hours , moving the mouse into a new window automatically brings that window to the front .
In the especially horrible default configuration , it comes to the front instantly , so the act of moving your mouse across the screen makes it look like that old " rectangles " screen saver , and your window configuration is utterly obliterated in under a second .
Many programmers feel that autofocus is delicate butterfly and autoraise is a big , stinky buffalo .
That 's just how they feel about it .
No accounting for taste .
I , for one , think of autoraise as a big , stinky , deceased buffalo carcass that someone thoughtfully dragged into my living room while I was on vacation , probably towards the beginning of the vacation , and then they turned up my thermostat to 110 °F , closed the windows and tossed a Durian fruit at the wall for good measure .
But maybe it 's just me .
So one of the most annoying aspects of the whole " how do I get focus - follows - mouse behavior on my Mac " debate is that everyone assumes you mean autoraise .
There are a number of packages out there , most of them commercial , that offer autoraise as a feature , and Mac users point you to these products and then get all smugly about how they 've solved your problem and how Macs still rule the universe , when in fact the problem is still festering away .
It 's no wonder people still use Linux as their UI .
That one feature alone keeps hordes of programmers from switching .
( And yes , you can get the behavior on Windows using their TweakUI power tools , so some programmers use Windows as a Linux shell with a decent media player . )
Given that I switched quite recently to the Mac , I 'm still reeling from the lack of focus - follows - mouse behavior .
To help you put yourself in my shoes , imagine that your latest operating system upgrade ( whatever OS you happen to be running ) includes a new mandatory feature wherein each time you click on a window to focus it , a loud alarm goes off ( " BLONK ! BLONK ! BLONK ! ... " ) and you have to open the System menu and select " silence window alarm " to shut it up .
That 's what not having autofocus is like to people who 've been using it for the past 10 to 30 years ( in my case , 20 years ) .
BLONK !
BLONK !
BLONK !
I 'm serious .
It 's that bad .
Not exaggerating even a tiny bit .
I 'm sure you could eventually get used to this behavior , and even find yourself arguing on newsgroups that you rather like the blonk blonk sound , since it reminds you that you 've recently chosen to switch to another application or to another window within the current application , plus it 's really not that big a deal because you can just open the System menu and turn it off .
It 's amazing how so many people choose to rationalize stuff they 're forced to live with .
Why not just admit it sucks ?
Sometimes stuff sucks !
C'mon , admit it !
Jeez !
But even if you eventually managed to rationalize it , you'd be pretty fugging pissed off the first , oh , ten thousand or so times it happened to you after the upgrade .
So the other day , after the 100th or so BLONK !
BLONK ! BLONK !
alarm when I innocently tried to type into a different window , I found myself quietly contemplating the pros and cons of getting an assault rifle , heading down to the Apple campus , and making my opinions known to all until the SWAT team took me out .
And then I thought : " hey , as attractive as that option sounds right now , I have a better idea : why not fix it myself ?
I make occasional claims to being a programmer , right ?
How blonking hard can it be ?
I 'll budget one evening for it .
" I actually wound up spending 2 evenings on it , since although coming up to speed on the Apple tools and APIs was almost trivial , this particular issue turned out to be thorny in a variety of unexpected ways .
But I did get it working , for some definition of " working " , and now I 'm in a position to settle the debate for the forseeable future , which I estimate to be about the next five to seven years in this case .
Short version : you can almost get it working , but not quite , on account of an arguable bug in one of the Carbon ( that is , Mac C++ )
APIs .
What I got working was a system - wide autofocus mode that unfortunately only re-routes unmodified keys to the window under the cursor .
You can fake the Shift modifier by translating the key code manually , but the Control , Command and Alt / Option keys never make it through to background applications .
( They do get delivered to the foreground app if your mouse is there , so the bug only happens for background apps .
)
So if your use case is limited to , say , typing commands into a command shell , and you do n't need to use the control , alt or command keys , then you can have working autofocus !
In fact , you can even make it so that only your terminal windows ( or any application list of your choice ) get the autofocus behavior , and all other applications get the normal must - click - to - focus behavior .
So even my " failed " attempt might yet hold some small utility for us ancient Unix hackers .
I 'll play with it for a while and see .
Long Version :
As close as I came in my little 2 - day effort , I now believe at this point that it 's unlikely that autofocus will ever be available on Macs , sad as that news will be for thousands of would - be Mac users .
And not just any users : they 're programmers , all potentially capable of learning to write Mac applications and collectively enhancing the value of Apple 's platform .
So it 's kind of a big opportunity cost for Apple .
But there are both technical issues and design issues that make it a serious problem to support autofocus on Macs .
It 's probably not impossible , but the cost is high enough that when their OS engineers think about tackling it , they 'll probably decide it 's not worth the effort , since the company seems to fail to appreciate just how big a stumbling block the lack of autofocus - sans - autoraise really is for so many competent Unix programmers out there .
So , Apple OS engineers , I 'm not saying you 're not smart .
I 'm just saying you 're not smart enough .
;-) Just kidding , of course , and I 'll dispense with the child psychology .
Here 's why I think they 're not going to fix it .
The rest of this blog entry consists of boring technical details , so if you 're getting antsy , please feel completely free to skip to the very end .
First , one caveat : I 'm not a Mac programmer .
I do n't even play one on TV .
I just downloaded Xcode ( their development toolkit ) for the first time three days ago .
I 've never written any Mac programs before this one , not even an AppleScript script , and I only started looking at their APIs a couple days ago .
So I might be wrong about some or all of this .
The first problem you encounter is that there 's no public Mac API for getting any sort of usable handle to a running application so you can interact with it programmatically .
This is apparently for security reasons .
I wo n't harp on this decision , although it does seem odd to deny sophisticated ( read : sudo - enabled ) users the choice of loading privileged apps into their system .
Any application can run amok with your filesystem , personal data and network connection , so it seems odd that you 'd arbitrarily choose not to let them also run amok with your other running apps .
In any case , there 's a loophole .
Apple , out of sheer generosity , goodwill , and the kindness of their heart o' hearts , and also partly because United States Federal Law requires it , but mostly out of sheer generosity , goodwill and the kindness of their hearts , has provided a set of " Accessibility APIs " that give you a certain federally mandated level of remote control over running applications in the system .
OS X actually has two more or less discrete sets of APIs : one for C/C++ ( Carbon ) , and one for Objective - C Cocoa ) .
Cocoa incidentally also happens to be the API you use for Python and Ruby scripting on the Mac ; I took a detour for a few hours and learned the basics of RubyCocoa , and was quite pleased at how well it worked .
One of the reasons I took the RubyCocoa detour was that the subset of the Accessibility APIs I needed for implementing autofocus is fairly cumbersome to explore using C++ and Xcode .
I made an executive decision to spend ( and potentially waste ) some time seeing if I could make faster progress using one of the scripting APIs , because I was encountering bugs and / or unexpected behavior that called for some exploratory programming .
Carbon offers an abstraction called an AXUIElementRef , which is a proxy object representing a UI element ( e.g. an application , a window , or widget ) in any running app on the system .
This subsystem is designed and implemented entirely using the Properties Pattern , which , as it happens , I 'll be blogging about at length in the very near future .
Normally this pattern is quite flexible , and I can fully understand their reasons for using it here : it gave them legal compliance with an absolute minimum of effort .
But the Properties pattern is healthiest in a dynamic environment that lets you poke around reflectively to get the names of properties , fetch their values , traverse parent links , and so on .
Carbon provides APIs for manipulating all these UI - element properties with C++ , but it really is cumbersome : lots of casting , lots of wrappers , lots of recompilation every time you want to try just one more thing .
Call me spoiled , but I only budgeted a day for this feature !
So I learned a bit of RubyCocoa , and it appears – as far as I can tell – that the relevant Accessibility APIs are only available through Carbon , and not through Cocoa , which means if you want to use them , you ca n't use Objective - C , Ruby or Python .
Or at least I could n't find a way .
If I 'm wrong , someone please correct me , since I 'd really like an experimentation platform that handles Carbon APIs that have no Cocoa equivalents .
I told you it'd be boring !
What are you still doing here ?
OK , whatever .
You 're a glutton for punishment , I tell ya .
There are three basic components to the focus - follows - mouse solution :
That 's all there is to it .
This is the solution I envisioned before I 'd even downloaded Xcode , and unsurprisingly , it appears to be the only reasonable way to accomplish the task in OS X .
I mean , how else would you do it ?
The event - tap API is straightforward , with just one teeny , minor exception almost not worth mentioning , which is that it does n't work .
It compiles , runs , and fails silently .
This took me several hours to figure out .
It turns out that event taps are considered to be part of the Accessibility APIs , and for security reasons , your process either has to be running as root , or you have to enable " assistive technologies " in the Universal Access section of System Preferences .
I stumbled across this in some random newsgroup after a LOT of searching .
In retrospect it was kinda there in the API documentation , but they did n't make it super clear .
Whew !
There went several hours down the drain , but now I had a C program that fired up and listened for keypresses , printing them to stdout .
The event - tap API gives you the option of swallowing the keypresses ( or changing the event , or even returning a new event to replace the old one ) , so it 's plenty flexible enough for our needs .
Next , I needed to find the window under the cursor , which first meant finding the global cursor position .
This also turned out to be surprisingly non-obvious .
The best solution I found , from someone 's blog , was to create a NULL event and then get its mouse coordinates .
So intuitive !
Just like Mom used to do it !
Sigh .
Once you have your mouse coordinates , you use a " hit test " to find the window at that screen position .
It 's one of two Carbon - only APIs you need : you create a proxy for the system - wide UI object with , and pass it to the global hit - test functionto get the UI element under the mouse .
Then it gets a little ugly , though not terribly so .
Theseobjects have all their information in property lists .
This would be trivial to navigate in RubyCocoa , but theAPI set does n't seem to exist in Cocoa — specifically the parts that deal with " any running application " rather than " your application " .
So you grub around in the object and its parent chain , clunkily printing stuff in C++ and releasing reference - counts , until you find an ancestor with a " role " attribute of " application " .
That 's the element you need for delivering keyboard events .
We can deliver the keyboard event to the unfocused window , through this poorly - documented API call :
All good so far .
Excluding the time spent figuring out the access - control problem with event taps , and the time spent playing with RubyCocoa , I 'm only about five hours into the whole endeavor .
Oh yeah , and the time spent dicking with Xcode trying to figure out how to add a library build target to the executable .
I 've done it two or three times now and still can't remember how I did it .
Thefunction points you to its non-Accessible cousin , which is also more or less undocumented .
Can you tell they really do n't want you to use this stuff ?
This cousin function has a teeny bit of explanation in its header file , which Xcode provides no easy way of locating via search .
You can look for it in Spotlight , hoping you 'll get lucky and it wo n't hang like it did for me just now .
Or you can do what I did and just use Google Desktop search to pop to it instantly .
The explanation in the header file says : That 's it .
That 's what they give you .
Open questions about the explanation include ( a ) why are they passing capital - ' Z ' if they already reported that the shift key was down , ( b ) if there 's a guesser when you pass NULL , why do you need to pass ' Z ' , ( c ) how do you get the char code for a given key code , and is it the same on all keyboards , and ( d ) why did n't they include a " THE FIRST PARAGRAH IS A LIE " disclaimer around the first paragraph ?
Open questions be damned .
We fearlessly press on , and just pass " whatever " and see what happens .
Specifically , I always pass NULL for the char code , and pass the key code I got from the event tap callback as - is .
And it worked !
Sort of !
I start my little app ( which has no UI ) , move the mouse into a window from a non-foreground application , and I can type into it !
Except I can only type unmodified keys .
It 's completely ignoring my keyboard event posts for Shift , Control , Alt and Command .
That 's the lie part .
They said they 'd generate flags changed events .
They lied .
After some more painful C++ experimentation , I find that the call does NOT ignore modifier keys when posting to ( a ) the focused application or ( b ) the system - wide application , which just posts to the focused app .
The call only drops modifier keys on the floor for non-focused apps .
There 's a big ol ' thread about this exact problem from six years ago on the Apple accessibility - dev mailing list .
Six years !
I read every last word of the thread .
The first takeaway is that Apple OS engineers do n't want you to do stuff that they do n't want you to do , and they specifically define " stuff they do n't want you to do " as " stuff they do n't think you want to do . "
This is actually endemic to Apple forums in general .
Whenever someone says " I want focus follows mouse behavior ! " , some people inevitably reply that " you really do n't want to do this " .
It 's that whole " we designed it the right way for everyone " mentality that turns off so many would - be Mac users .
For what it 's worth , the Apple engineers really were trying to be helpful in this guy 's situation , and I know how hard it can be to respond to a mailing list in the capacity of " developer representing the company " .
But it took them a long time to understand his needs , because ( and I 'm speculating here ) they implemented the Accessibility APIs only because their Mom told them to , and they do n't truly appreciate at a deep level what it means to have a disability , and how important it is for many people to be able to choose a different UI paradigm .
And yes , I am taking the arguably un -PC position that having your fingers hardwired to focus - follows - mouse from 20 years of use can be viewed as a minor disability of sorts .
I 'll be the first to admit that it's not the kind of " real " disability the government probably had in mind when they mandated the Accessibility APIs .
But I did switch to the Mac because my eyes are slowly beginning to fail .
Ironic that I should be forced to trade one disability for another .
OK , let 's assume for the moment that Apple really does have our best interests at heart , and that they can get over the painful notion that their usability test findings may not actually apply to 100 % of all users 100 % of the time .
Even if they wanted to help fix it — and in this case , all they 'd need to do is NOT drop the modifier keys on the floor when you call — there are some deep - rooted architectural issues at play here , and I finally " got it " while reading that thread .
The problem is that Macs , always and forever , have put the menu bar of the focused application at the top of the screen .
The menu bars of unfocused applications are hidden and are not in any way user - interactible .
As you might expect , this UI assumption has been baked into the Mac APIs from the very beginning .
Programmers will take advantage of any axiom they can in order to get things working , so over time this has turned from a UI design assumption into an architectural " feature " .
In particular , when an app is in the background , its menu structure may not be intact , and the app may be in a state that assumes it will not be receiving any keyboard input .
One concrete example mentioned in the thread was that when an app is in the background , the child menu items do not have parent links ( although the parents still have pointers to the children . )
This has serious ramifications for focus - follows - mouse .
There are certain built - in hotkeys that can activate menu entries , and apps are also free to define their own .
If you try to activate a menu in a background application , it could in theory wind up crashing the app , if the app is assuming an intact menu structure and is traversing bottom - up rather than top - down .
You could attempt a knee - jerk solution by allowing Control and Alt through , but deny the Command modifier , since that 's the most common menu-activation modifier ( I think ) .
But there 's another class of applications ( Emacs included ) that dynamically generates at least part of its menu structure based on the data content .
For instance , the Emacs Imenu package generates a list of jump targets from a source - code buffer .
Even typing a new function definition could still trigger a rebuild of the IMenu , which ( for all anyone knows ) could crash Emacs .
You could of course ask app developers to fix this on an application - by - application basis , but there are generations of legacy apps that can never be fixed .
The only way to guarantee that pressing a key could never crash an application would be to fix the OS X user - interface architecture to normalize application behavior for foreground and background operation .
This could be hard .
It could expose its own set of difficult or even intractable problems for legacy apps .
Or maybe it 's really easy .
I do n't know , since I can't see their code .
But I suspect it 's not easy .
And Apple has no real motivation to fix it , because their UI was designed for " everyone " .
People who would use focus - follows - mouse are presumably a tiny minority , so even if they 're mostly programmers the cost / benefit likely is n't there .
It is , of course , completely fixable if Apple really wanted to fix it .
I 've heard many war stories over the years from Microsoft folks who've had to put compatibility hacks into OS releases , some quite extensive , in order to support popular applications that relied on undocumented OS behavior that suddenly broke .
Imagine those poor guys that had to implement perfect DOS / Windows emulation on NT , for example .
I suspect that by comparison , fixing focus - follows - mouse would be relatively straightforward .
But I predict it wo n't happen in the next 5 to 7 years , unless the government suddenly decides that this API is required for properly assistive technologies .
It 's interesting that you can get so close using the existing APIs : I have true focus - follows - mouse behavior implemented for non-modified keys .
Sure , the window does n't actually focus , so some applications do n't even show a cursor .
But if you 're willing to live with occasional glitches , the feature works great .
In any event , what 's weirdest about all this is that the API lets you send non-modifier keys to the background app , because as I pointed out , it 's still possible for vanilla keys to crash applications !
If the state of the app is materially different when it 's unfocused , and the app is n't expecting keyboard input when unfocused , then it could crash .
Dropping the modifier keys on the floor may reduce the probability of Badness , but it certainly does n't eliminate the possibility .
Was it an accident that they let any keys through at all ?
That would surprise me greatly , since the OS engineers seem determined to close undocumented behavior loopholes .
But if they had a reason ( perhaps a legal reason ) to permit unmodified keys through , what was it about the reason that lets them drop the modifier keys ?
I wish I knew .
If I could wave a magic wand , I 'd ask for them to fix the API to pass the modifier keys along to the app , and just put a note in the docs that Bad Things could happen , so Buyer Beware .
They already do this for those exact APIs anyway .'s documentation says : " This function is not recommended for general use because of undocumented special cases and undesirable side effects . "
And this is for the API that only talks to the focused foreground app !
The AXUI version is obviously double - buyer - beware , and apps can't even use it without prompting for the superuser password , unless the user has purposely enabled assistive technologies .
There would be bugs , yes .
Some applications would have to push out new releases to properly support focus - follows - mouse , and some legacy apps would never be fixed .
But you could disable the behavior on an app - by - app basis , or just take a " Doctor , it hurts when I do this " approach .
Unfortunately I do n't have a magic wand ; all I have is my distinctly nonmagical blog , which I 'm using to soothe myself via copious whining .
This whole thing has been an interesting lesson in how the government can actually force companies to open up their locked - down systems .
The whole " you 'll have it our way , and like it " mentality is crumbling with these assistive technologies .
I hope the feds mandate opening things up even further , since we 're only partway there so far .
In the interim , I 'm sure I 'll eventually get used to life without autofocus .
BLONK !
My 30 - inch screen helps , as does Spaces , since it 's easier to give windows their own non-overlapping real estate .
I might even give autoraise another try .
Some developers have implemented it in a horrible way , by generating a mouse click when you move the mouse into a window , which often results in activating UI objects unintentionally just by moving the mouse .
Ouch .
But there might be some commercial implementations that do it " right " , or I can just hack my autofocus app to do it that way .
Combined with an autoraise delay and minimizing my overlapping windows , it might just work .
We 'll see .
And everything else so far about the Mac has seemed pretty nice , or when it 's been not nice , at least it 's been fixable with a little configuration effort .
I liked the OS X APIs on the whole , and the RubyCocoa thing is pretty sweet .
I might even wind up writing some native clients — something I thought I 'd never do again , given how awful my Windows native - client experiences have been over the years .
So I 'll keep using my Macs .
They 're all just plumbing for Emacs , anyway .
And now my plumbing has nicer fonts .... you did n't miss much .
See you next time !
Interactive Web Resources is a Delhi based back office and digital marketing company providing quality digital marketing services and back office services since from March 2004 onward .
Check our various web ventures below , now all operations runs under our main company Interactive Web Connects LLP .
Email us your requirement on info@iwebresources.com or sharad@iwebresources.com
Interactive Web Resources as your marketing and back office partner help ’s you to increase your profits , reduce business risk and create breakout value with new services and revenue streams .
Whether you need any type of back office or digital marketing services we have what you need at prices you can afford .
At Interactive Web Resources , our goal is to provide you with courteous , expedient , professional service of the highest caliber .
Our service covers a wide spectrum of services some of them are as follows :
Administrative Services
Data Entry Services
Data Extraction Services
Data Mining Services
E- Mail Answering Support
Forms Processing Services
Web Research Services
Other Back Office Services
Back Office Services is one of our key service we cater to our clients , we have provided Virtual Workforce solutions to our clients based through out world .
We are able to provide various back office services in reasonable rates , various administrative services comes under this section ( some services we cover up in back office support : data entry , web research , data mining , quality control , email marketing , email answering etc ) .
Most of the time client hire number of dedicated operators from us which may include data entry operators to project managers , it ’s sure we deliver quality services in affordable rates as we have number of experienced staff ready to handle work pressure within short span of time .
We can provide complete backoffice in reasonable rates as we have a team of experienced sr. managers and data entry operators who can handle work pressure easily .
We also prepare custom backoffice solutions for our clients , if you need any back office services please feel free to contact us or use our free quote services to get a rough estimate .
Marketing Services
SEO Services
Local SEO Services
Off - Page Promotions
Content Creation & Distribution
Lead Generation
Increasing Targeted Traffic
Classified Promotions
Blog Creation & Management
Blog Promotions
We specialize in preparing marketing strategies and help clients to execute marketing plan .
Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) , Local Search Engine Optimization ( Local SEO ) , Web Marketing , Lead Generation etc are some of our key strength .
We are well versed with latest search engine updates and preparing marketing strategies for clients since from March 2004 .
We prepare a custom marketing plan after reviewing site in detail and also help client to execute that marketing plan to meet marketing goals .
It can be increasing sale , traffic , organic rankings or beating competitors plan .
We are here to provide you best marketing services .
Many of our clients hire us for SEO and marketing work and our clientele keeps on increasing day by day as we are getting business from references .
Many client like to hire a complete team of marketing experts , for such clients we can dedicate a complete marketing office ( 150 sq ft to 300 sq ft fully furnished office ) with all basic amenities in it .
This office comes up with a team of one Sr SEO manager and 3 Dedicated SEO Operators .
We also prepare custom marketing solutions for our clients if you need any marketing or SEO services please feel free to contact us or use our free quote services to get a rough estimate .
Search Engine Optimization After latest Google Updates including Google Panda and Google Penguin it ’s necessary to choose campaigns carefully and implement only white hat SEO techniques .
Achieving organic rankings over search engines is not an easy task as updates keeps on coming .
Best way to achieve higher keyword ranking is to choose campaigns after reviewing current stats of website .
Lot more techniques can be implemented which includes Local SEO , Social Media , Blogs etc .
Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Marketing or SEM is one of the most effective way to bring traffic and increase website visibility in search engines .
But it ’s far more expensive if compared with organic rankings and also it ’s for short term period also .
Any SEO company can increase visibility of website in search engines result pages ( SERPs ) using paid advertising or paid placement .
Google , Yahoo , Bing , Facebook etc can be use for paid placements .
Social Media Marketing Social Media Marketing or SMM plays a vital role in marketing , Twitter , LinkedIn , Facebook are widely used to spread a word about company product and services all over web .
But it ’s needed to manage Social Media Accounts carefully , many new Social Networks are active and if managed carefully Social Media Marketing can be used as an effective tool to increase website visibility in Social Media or Social Networks .
Local SEO Services Local SEO or achieving high keyword rankings by local keywords is not best suited for all businesses , but it ’s best for businesses serving in particular area .
Organic ranking using Local keywords or One - Box or Seven - Box listing both are best .
Optimizing Google Places is one of the key step in Local SEO .
Local Business Listings in Yahoo Map , Bing Map and Local Business Directories is also important along with promoting business listing over main website .
Blog Creation & Management Creating
Blog can be easily done by any webmaster but it ’s always a headache to manage and promote that blog on regular intervals as creating contents , using those contents in blog , adding categories / tags , promoting blog and blog post on regular intervals is needed to bring more traffic .
We help SME ’s and webmasters in creating blog and then manage those blogs on regular intervals .
Content Writing Services
After latest Google updates , value of quality contents increases whether you are running a simple site or a blog updating contents and adding new quality contents is must .
Quality contents with a well managed blog can increase keyword rankings of your website , quality contents is one of the key need for websites and using unique contents one can reach targeted customers easily as contents helps a lot in keyword rankings and to spread a word about product or services all over web .
We have tie ups with quality content writers who can write contents on any topic .
Dedicated Hiring
Hire Virtual Employees :
In case you like to hire few dedicated employees from us who solely work over your project and handle your back office projects or simple but repetitive & tedious tasks in that case we created few small packages which suits need , requirement and budget of SME ’s or businesses who wish to outsource a small part of back office operations .
: In case you like to hire few dedicated employees from us who solely work over your project and handle your back office projects or simple but repetitive & tedious tasks in that case we created few small packages which suits need , requirement and budget of SME ’s or businesses who wish to outsource a small part of back office operations .
Complete Back Office :
You can hire complete back office from us where we can handle all your back office , help desk ( web based ) & marketing need .
We are offering limited time discounts if you offshore your work to us or hire dedicated operators from us , so if you are planning to outsource your back office work or looking for a dedicated team feel free to Contact Us
Hollywood SEO
JV Digital Media
Paton Marketing
ieCommerce
Spirit Interactive
Akbosh Media
Spyder Share
and many more .
Many companies need our support on time to time basis where we serve those companies as their back end services provider and work under their brand name .
We already have tie-ups with some companies who outsource their work to us on time to time basis , using our services they are able to cater wider range of services to their clients .
Few of our partners who outsource some or full work to us ( in past and present ) are as follows :
If you like to become our marketing or back office partner and willing to outsource some of your work load to us please contact us .
Speculating Stocks
Pidoco
PetMD
Olive Nation
Now You Know Media
Spirituality Health
And Many More …
We successfully completed number of projects in past and also providing time to time SEO , marketing and backoffice support to our clients .
We have a huge list of clients and our client list keeps on increasing day - by - day as we are getting business mainly from references .
Below we listed few our our past and present clients and we are ready to provide samples and references if needed .
Complete list of our clients : Our Clients , Client Testimonials & Read Success Stories .
Please feel free to contact us and one of our team member will reply you withing 12 working hours .
Humphrey Lyttelton ended his Radio 2 show The Best of Jazz last month Veteran jazz musician and radio host Humphrey Lyttelton has died aged 86 .
The chairman of BBC Radio 4's comedy panel show I'm Sorry I Have n't A Clue recently had surgery in an attempt to repair an aortic aneurysm .
The latest series of the quiz programme was cancelled after Lyttelton was admitted to Barnet Hospital in north London on 16 April .
BBC Director General Mark Thompson described " Humph " as " a unique , irreplaceable talent " .
' Towering figure ' Lyttelton retired from hosting Radio 2's The Best of Jazz last month after more than 40 years presenting the show .
He hosted I 'm Sorry I Have n't a Clue - the self - styled " antidote to panel games " - since 1972 , appearing alongside regulars Graeme Garden , Barry Cryer and Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Like his many fans , we owe him an enormous debt of gratitude .
Like them , all of us at the BBC feel a tremendous sense of loss
Mark Thompson
BBC Director General
Tributes to ' immense talent '
Life in pictures
In 1993 , he received a Sony Gold Award for services to broadcasting .
Lyttelton began playing the trumpet in 1936 and was still touring with his band up until his admission to hospital .
Best known for the song Bad Penny Blues , they became the first British jazz act to enter the top 20 in 1956 .
He was honoured with a lifetime achievement award at both the Post Office British Jazz Awards in 2000 and at the first BBC Jazz Awards in 2001 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The BBC's Mark Thompson said Lyttelton would leave an " enormous gap " in British cultural life as a whole and in the lives of many millions of listeners .
" One of the towering figures of British jazz , he excelled too as a writer , cartoonist , humorist and of course as a broadcaster on television and radio , " he said .
" On I 'm Sorry I Have n't A Clue all of his gifts were on show , his warmth and conviviality , his wit , his mischievousness .
" He was a unique , irreplaceable talent .
Like his many fans , we owe him an enormous debt of gratitude .
Like them , all of us at the BBC feel a tremendous sense of loss . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The controller of Radio Four , Mark Damazer , said Lyttelton encompassed " so many " of the virtues people wanted from Radio Four comedy .
" He 's just a colossally good broadcaster and possessed of this fantastic sense of timing , " he said .
" It 's a very , very sad day but we should celebrate and be very grateful for how much he did for Radio Four because he really was one of the giants over the last 40 years , really terrific . "
HAVE YOUR SAY A wonderful talent .
He will be missed by so many Simon , St Leonards - on - Sea Jenny Abramsky , BBC Director of Audio and Music , said he had been " one of the wonders of radio broadcasting for years " .
Jazz trumpeter Digby Fairweather said that Lyttelton " was , in the best possible way , a jazz machine " .
" We will probably never have another Humphrey Lyttelton , which is terribly sad really , " he added .
" But we can always play his records . "
You can hear a classic edition of I'm Sorry I Have n't a Clue on BBC Radio 4 on Sunday 27 April at 1200 BST .
There will also be a special programme in tribute to Humphrey Lyttleton on Wednesday 30 April at 0900 BST .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
You would think that knife blade technology had reached its pinnacle a long time ago , but there are still inventors out there bound and determined to re-invent the wheel .
Imagine if Crocodile Dundee whipped out a knife that was not only huge , but could also blast compressed air into an open wound — causing massive organ and tissue damage in the process .
Now THAT would be a knife .
The truth is , inventor Gregory Rondinone has patented this very idea , saying that it would be particularly useful in underwater situations .
Advertisement
The weapon as Rondione envisions it would be best utilized by divers to protect them from aggressive undersea creatures .
The device would kill quickly ( and spectacularly ) plus , the compressed gas would make the carcass more buoyant , so it would most likely float to the surface .
The problem is that we all know where this thing would end up if it were ever produced — like the backpack of some kid in a high school .
[ Patent via Wired via DVICE ]
Zurzeit betreibt Scientology , wegen der unten aufgeführten Doku , eine speziell auf BBC zugeschnittene Rufmordkampagne auf YouTube .
Warum ?
Nunja , um den britischen Radio - und Tvkanal , der für seine neutrale Berichtsart weltweit bekannt ist , unglaubwürdig erscheinen zu lassen .
Oh man , lasst euch bitte was besseres einfallen .
Nur weil ein Reporter von BBC bei einer Dikussion mit einem Scientologen ausgerastet war ( der Typ hat ihn wochenlang verfolgt und provoziert ) scheinen sie einen Beweis für die Parteiische Berichtsart gefunden zu haben .
Nunja , schaut selbst .
Ich glaube der BBC wohl mehr als diesem durchgeknalltem Kult .
Teil 1 :
[ youtube Lr-Yaw1TTrI ]
Teil 2 :
[ youtube 4KxZ7Xcix3I ]
Teil 3 :
[ youtube 7 oYURmtjG1I ]
Most of us do n’t even want to think about life insurance .
Because it can be a scary topic to consider your own demise .
For many of us , we do n’t need life insurance .
But , there are a few times in life when the topic of getting life insurance should be seriously discussed and considered .
When discussing life insurance , there are a couple of different options that should be pointed out as well .
Getting Married
The first time I ever considered getting life insurance was when I got married .
This was only a consideration because I wanted my husband to be taken care of should anything happen to me .
That is the reason why a lot of us start to consider getting life insurance .
The only reason to even consider it then is if your income is necessary to help make the regular bills .
And if you passed away , your significant other would be put into severe financial hardship .
Life insurance is a great way to help mitigate that risk in case something bad happens .
Because it will kick in if you pass away and pay your spouse a chunk of money to help them pay off the bills , your funeral costs and living expenses .
While it ’s nothing that any of us want to think about , it is an important thing to consider when you get married to protect your spouse financially .
RELATED : How to Align Financial Goals With Your Partner Before Marriage
Having a Family
The second time I considered getting life insurance was when I had my first child .
And this was when I actually pulled the trigger and purchased a life insurance policy for myself .
When you begin to have children , a lot of things come into greater perspective .
After all , if you accidentally meet an untimely demise , your children will definitely suffer in many ways .
Financially is just one of the ways that your children could be affected in this situation .
Therefore , if you can reduce or remove that portion of the equation , it will make their lives just a little bit easier in the long run .
When I purchased a life insurance policy , I made sure to have my children listed as beneficiaries , as well as my husband .
That way they would have a nest egg to help them out in the future when they became adults and start their lives out on the right financial foot .
Luckily nothing detrimental has happened to me , and the hope is that nothing will .
But , until then , I have a life insurance policy as a back up .
Plus , I have been working diligently to teach my children about finances in hopes that they would never need my life insurance policy should an event occur .
Types of Life Insurance
If you have gotten to the point where you are considering getting life insurance , then you have to figure out which kind of policy to get .
You would think this would be simple , but it ’s not necessarily as cut and dry as we would all hope .
In fact , there are two main different types of policies to consider , as well as many different companies that sell both .
RELATED : How Much Life Insurance Do You Really Need
Term Life Insurance Plans
The type of life insurance policy I prefer is a term policy .
Term life insurance means that you are taking out a policy for a certain portion of the time .
The usual are 10 , 20 , or 30 - year term policies .
But , some carriers will offer different terms if you ask .
My current policy is a 30 - year policy .
I do n’t plan to renew it once the term is up because my children will be long gone and probably have their own families by then .
Term policies are the most common life insurance policies sold .
Here are some of my favorite options for term policies .
Bestow
Bestow is a company that offers free life insurance quotes through different carriers .
So , they are a good jumping off point to take a look at what a policy might cost you .
Plus , they have some pretty nice benefits to boot .
instant quotes and instant coverage without a medical exam
10 year terms up to age 55
20 year terms up to age 45
offers policies up to $ 1 million
Nationwide
Nationwide is who I have used for many years now .
And I love them because I have a great agent who has worked tirelessly to get me the best rates on all insurance products available .
But , that being said , Nationwide can be a bit more pricey than some of the other companies .
However , I have found that they actually ended up being cheaper for me than all of the other companies offering no medical exam policies .
This is due to the fact that they did require a medical exam and I come in as a “ Preferred Plus ” customer , so I get the lowest rate available .
They do offer a few different term lengths and coverage amounts also .
10 , 15 , 20 & 30 year terms
offers coverage amounts of $ 250 k , $ 500 k , $ 750 k & $ 1 million
option to convert to permanent life insurance products at the end of the term
Whole Life Insurance Plans
Whole life insurance is a bit different than a term policy .
And not all whole policies are the same either .
But , basically a whole policy is best for people who want a policy for life that can potentially pay them dividends .
Or , you can take money out of the policy prior to death to use it .
However , whole life policies are n’t going to be right for everyone and they typically cost a pretty penny more than term policies .
Therefore , for us , a term policy just made more financial sense .
But , if you are considering getting a whole life insurance policy , there are some great companies offering policies .
MassMutual
With MassMutual insurance , all policies require a medical exam .
While this can be a much longer process to undergo , it can get you much better rates potentially also .
They offer both term and whole policies .
On average , their whole policies can cost up to 10 times more than a term policy .
Which is why whole policies are n’t necessarily a good fit for most of us .
But , some of their perks include :
death benefit
can receive dividend payments when the company does well
builds cash value over your lifetime to use however you choose
State Farm
State Farm whole life policies are very similar to MassMutual .
Except that they have two different whole life policy options .
Both of them have the option of the same death benefit and amount of cash you can take out of the policy .
But one of them will have lower premiums because you will be paying them for a longer period of time than the other policy .
Either way , the benefits of these policies are the same and can be a great option if you want to use your life policy for things such as :
supplemental retirement income
paying for college for a child
starting a business
home renovations
travel
supporting a family upon your death
gifting to charity
Getting Life Insurance Summary
Ultimately , if you are at a point where you are considering getting life insurance , then you have a few thing to think about .
Getting a policy is n’t a very simple decision because there are a lot of factors that need to be discussed before purchasing a policy .
Overall , the things you should think about before pulling the trigger are :
why you need / want a policy
your age
how much coverage you want / need
how long you want the policy for
term vs. whole
Once you have the answers to these questions , then you are ready to begin your search for life insurance .
Have you considered getting life insurance ?
If so , what prompted it and which product did you choose ?
( Adds detail , govt comment , background )
LONDON , Feb 26 ( Reuters ) -
The UK government finally axed controversial plans for Britain ’s first Las Vegas - style supercasino on Tuesday as it gave the green light to build a new generation of 16 smaller casinos .
The supercasino was set to be built in Manchester before the idea was effectively killed off by Gordon Brown last July , shortly after he became Prime Minister .
Culture minister Andy Burnham finally confirmed the government was scrapping the idea in a statement to Parliament , ending almost a year of deliberation and confusion .
Plans for the 16 new casinos , still bigger than existing British casinos , were given the go - ahead however .
Eight with 150 lucrative slot machines are earmarked for Great Yarmouth , Hull , Leeds , Middlesbrough , Milton Keynes , Newham , Solihull and Southampton , while Bath , Dumfries and Galloway , East Lindsey , Luton , Scarborough , Swansea , Torbay and Wolverhampton will get smaller casinos with 80 machines .
The government moved to head off legal threats from Manchester and rival bidder Blackpool over the super casino U - turn by promising cash to boost regeneration .
Manchester will get around 10 million pounds while Blackpool will get a total of 300 million pounds , although much of that had already been promised .
Manchester was the surprise winner of a competition to host the supercasino last January , shocking politicians , bidders and industry watchers alike when it beat off rivals Blackpool , Glasgow and London .
But the plans were wrecked two months later when senior lawmakers in Britain ’s upper chamber voted against the plan , after lobbying by anti-gambling campaigners , church leaders , supporters of the Blackpool bid and gambling firms with casinos already in Manchester .
Under previous leader Tony Blair , the government envisioned a raft of Las Vegas - style super casinos across Britain to draw in tourists , investment and create jobs in deprived areas .
Manchester City Council estimated the supercasino would have generated 2,700 jobs in its 5,000 square metres of gaming floors and bars and surrounding hotels , cinemas and restaurants .
“ LOUSY LITTLE CASINOS ”
The supercasino U - turn has riled large U.S. operators .
A top executive of Las Vegas Sands LVS.N told Reuters this month that the 16 smaller casinos were " sub- optimal , lousy little casinos , " and the firm would n't have " wasted the jet fuel " if it had known that Gordon Brown 's government would change its plans .
UK - based Rank RNK.L and privately owned Gala Coral have said they will bid to run at least some of the 16 casinos as have Harrah 's - owned London Clubs and Genting - owned Stanley Leisure .
Burnham told Parliament that the government would also consider raising the age limit for casino entry from 18 to 21 .
“ My instinct says that 21 would be the right age . ”
“ Having looked at international experiences it would seem that 21 is the age around the world for casino admittance .
I would be interested to hear whether there is an appetite in this house to include a similar provision here . ”
He also scrapped plans that would have allowed casinos to open 24 hours a day and said that if gambling firms did not stump up a promised 4 million pounds a year to help gambling addicts , then the government would make the payments law .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Dan Abrams discusses the scrambling the Bush administration is now doing after a judge ordered a hearing on the destroyed CIA tapes and formerly reliable supporters like Rep .
Pete Hoesktra have signaled that they may have gone too far this time and will have to face the music .
On a side note , can I get a W00t ! for Abrams ' line up ?
When was the last time you saw two smart , progressive pundits up against a single conservative ?
FIVE TRADING DAYS FIVE TRADING DAYS
Dow Jones industrial average , five days NEW YORK 
Stocks closed sharply lower as a series of depressing economic and earnings reports have raised concerns about the health of economy .
Investors are worried that disappointing quarterly results from American International Group ( AIG ) and Dell ( DELL ) signal more trouble ahead for the economy .
A weak reading Friday on regional business activity has also stirred worries on Wall Street .
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 315.79 , or 2.5 % , to 12,266.39 .
The decline more than erased the week 's 200 point gain .
Broader stock indicators also tumbled .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 index lost 37.05 , or 2.7 % , to 1330.63 , and the Nasdaq composite index declined 60.09 , or 2.6 % , to 2271.48 .
A government report that personal spending , on an inflation - adjusted basis , was unchanged in January provided further evidence of a consumer pullback that 's likely to weaken the economy further .
There also was nervousness about what impact the recent slide in the dollar and robust rally in commodities — including a jump in crude oil prices to $ 103 a barrel — will have on the economy and companies .
Over all , stocks have performed better in February than in January , when credit market turmoil took a heavy toll on the major averages .
But disappointing earnings results released late Thursday cast a pall over the market and caused stocks to end the month on a wary note .
Insurer AIG announced a $ 5.29 billion quarterly loss and took a massive charge to account for its exposure to credit derivatives .
The loss caught analysts off guard , as many had expected the company to report a profit .
Computer maker Dell had a 6 % decline in quarterly profit , falling below analysts ' expectations , and warned that its business could suffer from reduced customer spending .
Wall Street 's pullback comes a day after stocks sank as investors fretted over a rise in unemployment claims and the prospect of more bank failures .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke warned that while large U.S. banks will likely recover from the recent credit crisis , other banks are at risk of failing .
Some relief for the ailing bond insurance industry is on the way .
Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross agreed to invest up to $ 1 billion in Assured Guaranty .
Assured does not have as much exposure to bad subprime debt as some of its rivals , but the deal still shows investors are willing to pump capital into an industry where troubles have hurt many classes of normally stable debt .
In economic news , the Reuters - University of Michigan final consumer sentiment reading for February came in at 70.8 , better than the figure of 69 that had been expected .
The Chicago purchasing managers index for this month came in at 44.5 , a weaker reading than the 48.5 that had been expected , according to Dow Jones Newswires .
The report indicated the factory sector is shrinking in that region .
The figure is seen as a precursor of the national Institute for Supply Management report due out Monday .
There was muted reaction to news from the Commerce Department that consumer spending , after adjusting for inflation , was flat for the second straight month in January .
The report could support the argument that the economy is at risk of recession .
Consumer spending posted a 0.4 % monthly rise , which was more than economists had been expecting .
However , all of that gain came from a surge in inflation during the month .
Incomes in January posted a 0.3 % increase , a bit stronger than expected , but down from a 0.5 % gain in December .
A closely watched gauge of consumer inflation posted a 0.4 % increase in January and was up 3.7 % over the past 12 months , the biggest year - over - year gain since 2005 .
This result will intensify worries that inflation is accelerating even as the economy slows .
Overseas , Japan 's Nikkei stock average closed down 2.3 % .
In afternoon trading , Britain 's FTSE 100 fell 0.6 % , Germany 's DAX index fell 1.7 % , and France 's CAC - 40 fell 1.4 % .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
But now , it turns out , we should have been paying a little less attention to Wright 's speech and the histrionics of his ensuing news conference and taken a peek at ....
There was little doubt left in today 's remarks by Obama , who recently said he could no more disown Wright than he could the black community .
He pretty much disowned Wright today .
Obama described himself as " outraged " and " saddened " by " the spectacle of what we saw yesterday . "
Everybody is talking today about how much the Rev. Jeremiah Wright 's latest unrepentant militant remarks hurt his most prominent parishoner , Sen. Barack Obama , and his chances to win the Democratic presidential nomination and the general election .
So much so that the Obama camp realized the latent danger overnight and the candidate was forced to speak out publicly a second time today , as The Ticket noted here earlier today .
who was sitting next to him at the head table for the National Press Club event .
It was the Rev. Dr. Barbara Reynolds , a former editorial board member of USA Today who teaches at the Howard University School of Divinity .
An ordained minister , as New York Dail y News writer Errol Louis points out in today 's column , she was introduced at the press club event as the person " who organized " it .
But guess what ?
She 's also an ardent longtime booster of Obama 's sole remaining competitor for the Democratic nomination , none other than Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York .
It wo n't take very much at all for Obama supporters to see in Wright 's carefully arranged Washington event that was so damaging to Obama the strategic , nefarious manipulation of the Clintons .
Their supporter , Reynolds , helps arrange a speech by the outspoken and egocentric Wright which receives blanket national coverage to the disadvantage of Clinton 's opponent .
As Louis writes : " The Rev. Jeremiah Wright could n't have done more damage to Barack Obama 's campaign if he had tried .
And you have to wonder if that 's just what one friend of Wright wanted . "
Reynolds has not returned e-mails or phone calls seeking comment , but Louis notes the obvious conflict between her political allegiance and her press club arrangements .
He quotes a February blog entry of Reynolds saying , " My vote for Hillary in the Maryland primary was my way of saying thank you " to Clinton and her husband for his administration 's successes .
In another entry , Reynolds notes critically of Obama , " It is a sad testimony that to protect his credentials as a unifier above the fray , the senator is fueling the media characterization that Rev. Dr. Wright is some retiring old uncle in the church basement . "
Louis notes himself about the Wright appearance : " It 's hard to exaggerate how bad the actual news conference was .
Wright , steeped in an honorable , fiery tradition of Bible - based social criticism , cheapened his arguments and his movement by mugging for the cameras , rolling his eyes , heaping scorn on his critics and acting as if nobody in the room was learned enough to ask him a question . "
( UPDATE : Sylvia Smith , the press club president , confirmed today that Reynolds is on the club 's speakers committee .
She told Michael Calderone on Politico.com that she still does n't know whom Reynolds supports for president , adding , " Rev. Wright is newsworthy , period . " )
-- Andrew Malcolm
Photo Credit : Getty
Top News
Orcas hunt sea lions in Argentina
Posted
Apr. 15 - Exhibiting a rare hunting method , some Orcas whales off the coast of Argentina 's Valdes Peninsula capture their prey of baby sea lions by approaching the beach and then retreating .
The army 's machine - gun wielding , insurgent - slaying robot SWORDS is no longer spraying foes with hot doom in Iraq .
Actually , it never got the chance to notch a single frag , and never will .
Apparently , there was an incident where " the gun started moving when it was not intended to move , " meaning it totally pointed somewhere it was n't supposed to — like at friendlies , which resulted in recall from the field and might 've set the program back 10 - 20 years , according to the Army 's Program Executive Officer for Ground Forces , Kevin Fahey .
Advertisement
He confirmed that no inappropriate shots were fired , so no one was hurt .
But that does n't mean there were n't any casualties — it might 've basically killed the program says
Fahey : " Once you 've done something that 's really bad , it can take 10 or 20 years to try it again . "
On the upside , it means we have another 10 to 20 years before they rise and go to war with us .
[ Pop Mechanics , Danger Room ]
Live Mongrel Debugging and Recovery
Unit :: Test , RSpec , and good old manual testing are all a must before every deployment .
However , testing is a tricky trade as no matter what your code coverage is , lack of failures does not mean lack of bugs - that is , unless you ’re really into formal verification .
Not to mention , unless you have a true staging environment , certain bugs are just not reproducible until you are in production .
In the Rails world this often translates into hung Mongrel processes , proxy error timeouts , and plenty of band - aids which we euphemistically call ‘ automatic restarts ’ .
Recovering from Mongrel failures
At its core , Mongrel is a stable and mature application server , but Ruby threading , Rails exceptions , and third party add - ons often bring unexpected behaviors .
Thankfully , process monitoring utilities such as Monit and God come to our rescue by allowing us to automate the recovery process .
Andrew Baldwin recently posted some great tips , including a few undocumented parameters , for graceful Mongrel recovery - definitely check it out and make sure not to confuse the ( misleading ) timeout parameters .
A must have plugin : mongrel_proctitle
Great , recovery is taken care of , but what caused the initial problem ?
Instead of littering your code with dozens of debug statements , head directly for mongrel_proctitle , a clever little plugin developed by Alexander Staubo .
Drop it into your Rails plugin directory , restart your Mongrels , issue a ‘ ps aux ’ , and you ’ll be pleasantly surprised to see exactly what each of your Mongrels is doing .
This way , you can easily identify long running requests and processes :
mongrel_rails [ 10010/2/358 ] : handling 127.0.0.1 : HEAD / feed / calendar/global/91/6de4 | | | | | | | | | | | | |
The current request ( method and path ) | | | | |
The client IP | | | |
What it 's doing | | |
The number of requests processed during the server 's lifetime | |
The number of requests currently queued / being processed concurrently |
The port that Mongrel is serving The process name
The convenience , of course , comes at a price .
Ruby ’s threading is poor to begin with and Alexander ’s plugin wraps each incoming request in a global Mutex lock :
module Mongrel # ... #
Wraps each request with a mutex lock def request ( & block ) titles , mutex = @titles , @mutex mutex .
synchronize do @queue_length += 1 titles .
push ( self . title ) end begin yield ensure mutex .
synchronize do @queue_length -= 1 @request_count += 1 self .
title = titles .
pop || " xxx " end end end # ... end
In practice , I have not found this to be a big problem even in production environments , but if performance is an absolute must , you might want to disable the plugin once you ’ve solved all the bugs .
This little gem saved me hours of needless debugging !
On clear ice :
One can chop out a chunk of ice from a lake - but this can be a lot of work to get a large enough " blank " for making a lens .
We had a hole in the ice on a lake to get water .
Overnight the hole froze over - with what seemed to be a perfect " blank " for a lens .
While the existing lake ice was a mess - i.e. there were good layers , bad layers , slush , snow etc - the new ice was close to perfect .
Here is a picture of the " blank " that I made from the ice from the hole .
I spent many hours shaping the " blank " into a lens .
I thought I did a pretty good job .
This second picture shows one stage of the lens .
I thought that I would have things nailed .
It was a large lens , so I figured I would be collecting lots of sunlight .
As it turns out , with the ice " blank " only being about an inch thick , a lens of the diameter that I had ended up having a focal length way to long .
The result was not enough sunlight was concentrated to light any tinder .
I could feel warmth on my hand , but it was n't " burning " hot .
Lesson learned here is that the profile of an ice lens needs to be very aggressive .
With ice an inch or so thick , the diameter of the lens is going to be 3 or 4 inches .
This is still a guess - since I did not succeed .
There is of course a trade - off between the amount of light collected , and the amount that the light is focused .
Still more work to be done here .
I think a working ice lens is going to be very thick .
PRINCETON , NJ --
As Pope Benedict XVI prepares to make his first U.S. visit as pope , a recent Gallup Panel survey finds Americans with a mostly positive view of U.S. Roman Catholics as a group .
With 45 % of Americans saying they have a positive view of U.S. Catholics and 13 % reporting a negative opinion , the net positive score for Catholics is +32 .
A substantial proportion of Americans , 41 % , say their view of Catholics is neutral .
These results are based on a March 24 - 27 Gallup Panel survey , which asked a representative sample of Americans whether they have a positive , negative , or neutral view of each of 10 spiritual or religious groups in the United States .
Pope Benedict will meet with President Bush , address the United Nations , meet with U.S. Catholic leaders , and celebrate public masses in New York and Washington , D.C. , while in the United States .
Catholics are one of four U.S. religious groups tested in the survey with strongly positive ratings , along with Jews ( +42 ) and two Protestant denominations , Methodists ( +45 ) and Baptists ( +35 ) .
The broader groups of " evangelical Christians " and " fundamentalist Christians " do not fare quite as well , but are still on balance rated more positively than negatively .
Americans are essentially split in their opinions of Latter - Day Saints or Mormons , with 24 % viewing them positively and 26 % negatively , for a net score of - 2 .
Three of the religious groups included in the survey are mostly viewed negatively , including Scientologists , atheists , and Muslims , with Scientologists having the lowest overall rating .
As the table makes clear , there is a considerable degree of ambivalence in ratings of religious groups , with substantial proportions of neutral ratings for each group , ranging from a low of 36 % for evangelical and fundamentalist Christians to just under half of all ratings for Jews , Mormons , and Muslims .
Gallup first asked Americans to rate these religious groups in this fashion in an August 2006 panel survey , and since then , there have been declines in positive ratings for many of the more favorably viewed religious groups .
For example , the net positive score for Catholics was +44 in the 2006 survey , compared to the current + 32 .
But there were also declines in the net positive scores of Jews ( from +54 to +42 ) , Baptists ( from +45 to +35 ) , and Methodists ( from +50 to +45 ) .
It is unclear why the net positive ratings for most groups have declined , unless Americans are just less positive about religion overall today than they were two years ago .
Groups such as atheists and Scientologists that rated negatively in 2006 are still rated negatively today , with similar scores over time in most cases .
One exception concerns Muslims , who saw their net rating tumble from - 4 in 2006 to - 17 in the current survey .
Notably , the ratings of Mormons did not change since the last measurement , despite the presidential candidacy of Mitt Romney , whose campaign brought public attention to his Mormon faith .
In 2006 , the net score for Mormons was - 1 , compared with - 2 today .
Implications
Certainly , one of the Pope 's goals in visiting the United States will be to raise awareness and positive perceptions of the Catholic Church .
Even though the church has been the subject of controversy in recent years -- most visibly with revelations of sexual abuse by priests -- Americans on balance view the church more positively than negatively .
Survey Methods
Results for this Gallup Panel study are based on telephone interviews with 1,005 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted March 24 - 27 , 2008 .
Gallup Panel members are recruited through random selection methods .
The panel is weighted so that it is demographically representative of the U.S. adult population .
For results based on this sample , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
Your Apple ID Has Been Disabled .
What Should You Do ?
Have you been having trouble signing in to your Apple ID ?
Do you see a pop-up that says “ Your Apple ID has been disabled ” ?
If you are encountering problems like this , then you ’re not alone .
Believe it or not , these things happen quite often among Apple users .
If this has been happening to you , do n’t freak out just yet .
There are quite a few reasons why this occurs .
This piece will tackle the possible reasons why your Apple ID has been disabled and how you can fix it in no time !
This way , you would know what to do in case it reoccurs .
Even better , you will be able to avoid this from happening again .
Why is your Apple ID disabled ?
Whenever the Apple ID automatically disables or locks , it is to protect the user ’s security .
Here are the reasons why this happens .
Your Apple ID automatically locks if you or someone else enters an incorrect Apple ID and password too many times .
It could also be that you have n’t used your Apple ID for quite a while now .
Apple periodically changes security requirements which may need users to update their information .
You may encounter these and other similar pop-ups whenever your Apple ID gets locked .
“ Your Apple ID has been disabled . ”
“ This Apple ID has been locked for security reasons . ”
How Can You Fix your Apple ID ?
Whenever you encounter these alerts , there are a few ways to fix the problem .
Reset Your Password
If your Apple ID has been disabled , the easiest way to address the problem is to reset your password .
It ’s easier to do this using your PC and through their dedicated Apple ID reset webpage .
If you have n’t been using your Apple ID for quite a while now , you might find that Apple changed their security .
It will most likely automatically disable your Apple ID .
If this is the case for you , you will have to update your information as soon as possible .
If these solutions still do n’t work for you , try reaching out to the support team at Apple .
You can visit their support website , choose “ Disabled Apple ID ” and you will be able to set up a call with one of their representatives .
Western oil giants are poised to enter southern Iraq to tap the country 's vast reserves , despite the ongoing threat of violence , according to Gordon Brown 's business emissary to the country .
Michael Wareing , who heads the new Basra Development Commission , acknowledged that there would be concerns among Iraqis about multinationals exploiting natural resources .
Basra , where 4,000 British troops are based , has been described as ' the lung ' of Iraq by Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki .
The region accounts for 90 per cent of government revenue and 70 per cent of Iraq 's proven oil reserves .
It has access to the Gulf and is potentially one of the richest areas in the Middle East , but continues to be plagued by rival militias .
Wareing , international chief executive of KPMG , was asked by Brown to help kick - start business in the Basra region in the hope that prosperity will bring stability .
On his first visit last week , he met officials and business leaders but a sandstorm forced him to cancel a flight to Baghdad to meet Maliki and General David Petraeus , the US 's commanding officer in Iraq .
In the first interview since his appointment , Wareing , 53 , told The Observer that security had improved significantly in recent months and was no longer an issue for investors .
' If you look at many other economies in the world , particularly the oil - rich economies , many of these places are quite challenging countries in which to do business , ' he said .
' Frankly , if you can successfully operate in the Niger Delta , that is a very different benchmark from imagining that Basra needs to be like London or Paris . '
Iraq 's parliament has yet to pass a hydrocarbon law setting out the terms oil companies will operate on and how profits will be split .
' My sense is that many of the oil companies are very eager to come in now , and actually what they 're waiting for is the hydrocarbon law to be passed and various projects to be signed off .
That is what is causing them to pause , rather than the security position , ' he said .
Wareing declined to name names but it is thought that Shell , Exxon Mobil and dozens of others are watching closely .
The role of American corporations in Iraq has been hugely sensitive since the US - led invasion in 2003 , which some critics said was motivated by the Gulf state 's oil wealth .
Wareing acknowledged : ' If you look at any oil - rich country in the world today you will find there are real concerns in terms of how those energy assets are developed between the role of the multinationals and what is for the benefit of the local people .
You 'll find that very much in Russia , for example .
You can imagine in the future that is something the Iraqis will be focused on , but I have n't really seen much evidence of that at all to date . '
Basra fell largely under the control of Shia militias after the ousting of Saddam Hussein and has witnessed a violent turf war , as well as high rates of murder and kidnapping .
Corruption is rife , residents are afraid to use banks in case they are robbed and smuggling of oil and other goods helps fund militias and criminal gangs .
Unemployment has been put at between 30 per cent and 60 per cent , and the agricultural sector is in serious decline as cheap imports grow .
The commission , funded by the Department for International Development , is a crucial part of Britain 's strategy in Iraq , following the handover of power in Basra to Iraqi forces last December .
Ports , airports , agriculture and banking are also seen as possible investment areas .
The commission has organised an investor conference in Kuwait next month , targeted at Iraqi expats among others , and will stage an event in London in April for European and possibly US companies .
Wareing , a father of six from Worcestershire , has often travelled to ' challenging ' locations in his role with KPMG , and was asked to take the unpaid position by Brown , whom he describes as ' a persuasive man ' .
He said : ' The security and prosperity of Iraq is n't just about Iraq , it 's about the Middle East and probably wider than that as well .
To be asked to play a small part in that is n't something you get asked every day of the week . '
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Herndon
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
It took about a month and a half after we began dating for the first girl 's ex to reconnect with her .
And I really liked her ( and he is an abusive asshole , she deserves so much better ) .
Man did that suck .
With the second girl , it took about three and a half weeks for her guy to come back ( he was supposed to have left the freaking country ! ) .
I really liked her too .
The third girl , it took her ex literally two days to contact her after our first date ( and they had been apart for over five years ! ) .
So , I appear to be getting better at this .
Not only can I get you your boyfriend back within a few days , I can bring him back from incredibly unlikely circumstances .
Have you been pining over an ex ?
Want him to give you a call ?
Perhaps he moved to Russia 12 years ago , got married , has 7 children , and you have n't heard from him since .
No problem !
One dinner and a movie with me and he 'll likely be waiting on your doorstep when I drop you off .
Now , I have n't had a chance to properly test this , but I suspect that my skill works much better if we sleep together .
Now , this might not be absolutely necessary , but you do really want to see your ex again right ?
Why risk it .
I usually just post our TPMtv episodes once a day .
But there was a lot of news today .
And this one I ’d like people to get a special look at because it shows what an elaborately choreographed joke the coverage of John McCain is likely to be .
Barack Obama got seriously tripped up for apparently not sufficiently denouncing an ‘ endorsement ’ he did n’t solicit from someone he has no connection with .
John McCain solicited the endorsement of a complete nut who ’s got this long history of slurs against the Catholic Church and a lot else .
McCain ’s sticking with Hagee and he ’s getting a complete pass .
We put together a little compilation of some of Hagee and McCain ’s best moments .
But look at the second one in the list .
US policy explicitly supports a two - state solution in Israel - Palestine .
Hagee says that because the US is supporting that policy God is going to punish America by sending Muslim terrorists to America to create a bloodbath in our streets .
God ’s going to send jihadists to mount catastrophic terrorist attacks to punish us for supporting the creation of a Palestinian state in the West Bank .
It ’s certainly a new twist on the war on terror .
It ’s pretty amazing what it takes to create a problem for John McCain …
Take a look .
Watch this episode on YouTube .
The sieges of Basra and Sadr City : another US war crime in Iraq
By Bill Van Auken
29 March 2008
US fighter planes and helicopter gunships struck the southern Iraqi city of Basra and the teeming slums of Baghdad ’s Sadr City with bombs and missiles Friday as the offensive launched by Iraqi puppet troops against the Mahdi Army , the Shia militia loyal to Muqtada al Sadr , faltered badly .
These air attacks , carried out in densely populated cities , represent another war crime in the five - year - old campaign of aggression and colonial - style occupation carried out by Washington in pursuit of US strategic interests in the region .
Fighting raged for a fourth straight day Friday , with US helicopters firing Hellfire missiles into Sadr City , a vast and impoverished area of Baghdad that is home to some 2 million people .
US military sources said the attack killed four “ terrorists . ”
Film from the area , however , showed dead and wounded children and there were reports that attacks caused dozens of civilian casualties .
The night before , US and British fighter planes bombed neighborhoods in Basra , the port city in southern Iraq , with a population of 1.5 million .
The US military reported Friday morning that American troops had fought running battles with Iraqi militiamen across six neighborhoods of Baghdad the day before .
The Pentagon claimed that US forces killed 42 people in the fighting in the Iraqi capital , labeling all of the dead as “ terrorists . ”
According to some Iraqi estimates , the dead in Basra alone now number over 400 , with hundreds more wounded .
Fighting is also raging across much of Iraq , with fierce battles reported in Kut , Hilla , Amara , Kirkuk , and Baquba .
US sources put the death toll Friday at 170 .
American occupation forces have clearly stepped up their role in the crackdown , as Iraqi puppet forces have failed to achieve their objectives .
In Basra , some 30,000 Iraqi troops and police have apparently been unable to wrest control from the Mahdi Army over at least three quarters of the city .
While Maliki had initially given a 72 - hour ultimatum for the Sadrists in Basra to lay down their arms , he extended it Friday until April 8 .
The date coincides with scheduled testimony by Gen.
David Petraeus , the US military commander in Iraq , and US Ambassador Ryan Crocker to Congress on proposals for continued troop deployments in the occupied country .
The eruption of fighting has already led to speculation that Petraeus and the administration may well call for a suspension of the withdrawals that were to have reduced US forces to 140,000 — still above the “ pre-surge ” levels — by this summer .
In Baghdad , meanwhile , the Washington Post reported : “ US forces in armored vehicles battled Mahdi Army fighters Thursday in Sadr City , the vast Shiite stronghold in eastern Baghdad , as an offensive to quell party - backed militias entered its third day .
Iraqi army and police units appeared to be largely holding to the outskirts of the area as American troops took the lead in the fighting .
“ Four US Stryker armored vehicles were seen in Sadr City by a Washington Post correspondent , one of them engaging Mahdi Army militiamen with heavy fire .
The din of American weapons , along with the Mahdi Army ’s AK - 47s and rocket - propelled grenades , was heard through much of the day .
US helicopters and drones buzzed overhead . ”
Baghdad , like Basra before it , has been placed under a 24 - hour curfew that began Thursday night and will run at least until Sunday morning .
The effect is to turn the city ’s streets into a free - fire zone for occupation troops and their Iraqi puppet allies .
Speaking at the White House Friday , President George W. Bush called the bloody clashes a “ defining moment in the history of a free Iraq ” that demonstrated the Iraqi regime ’s commitment to “ even - handed justice ” and Maliki ’s “ leadership . ”
The American president added : “ There ’s going to be violence .
And that ’s sad .
But this situation needed to be dealt with , and it ’s now being dealt with — just like we ’re dealing with the situation up in Mosul . ”
Referring to Maliki , Bush declared : “ This was his decision .
It was his military planning .
It was his causing the troops to go from point A to point B .
And it ’s exactly what a lot of folks here in America were wondering whether or not Iraq would even be able to do in the first place . ”
There is no reason to believe the official story coming out of the White House and the Pentagon that the sieges being laid to Basra and Sadr City are the result of some independent decision made by the Maliki regime .
Whatever differences may exist over the timing or execution of this operation , it has clearly been carried out to fulfill definite US objectives .
The operation comes barely one week after Vice President Dick Cheney ’s surprise visit to Baghdad for talks that centered on provincial elections scheduled for October , the future of Iraq ’s oil industry and plans for the continued and long - term occupation of Iraq by US forces .
The bloodbath that is now being carried out is in all likelihood the practical outcome of these discussions .
While claiming that Maliki is upholding the rule of law against “ gangs , militias and outlaws , ” Washington has deliberately instigated what amounts to a civil war between rival political factions and militias within Iraq ’s majority Shia population in order to advance its own predatory interests in the country .
The crackdown has not been launched against militias in general , but at Sadr ’s Mahdi Army .
Its aim is to severely weaken the Sadrists to the benefit of their political rivals , Maliki ’s Dawa party and its principal government ally , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq ( ISCI ) , led by Shia cleric Abdul Aziz al - Hakim , whose own militia , the Badr Brigade , is well represented in the government ’s security forces .
In an analysis prepared last November , the International Crisis Group described the conflict between the Shia factions as taking “ the form of a class struggle between the Shiite merchant elite of Baghdad and the holy cities , represented by ISCI ( as well , religiously , by [ Grand Ayatollah ] Sistani ) , and the Shiite urban underclass , ” which is the principal base of support for the movement led by Sadr .
The determination to suppress the Sadrist movement is driven in part by the electoral calendar .
Those now holding power in the Maliki government — who have little in the way of mass support — fear that the Sadrists could sweep provincial elections set for October .
It is worth recalling that the last major urban siege conducted in Iraq — the razing of the predominantly Sunni city of Fallujah in November of 2004 in which thousands of Iraqi civilians died — was also carried out in preparation for US - organized elections scheduled three months later .
The US interest in this conflict is clear .
While the Sadrists have repeatedly demanded the withdrawal of US forces , Maliki ’s Dawa Party and the ISCI have made clear that they are prepared to support an indefinite occupation .
While the ISCI supports the carving out of an autonomous Shia region in the south in order to lay hold of the region ’s oil wealth — it includes 60 percent of the country ’s known reserves — the Sadrists have rejected regionalism in favor of a centralized federal government .
To realize their objectives , the ISCI must oust the Sadrists and other rivals from positions of control in Basra and elsewhere .
As the Wall Street Journal reported Friday , “ The battle for Basra marks the latest clash over the region ’s biggest source of wealth : its oil reserves , comprising 9.5 % of the world ’s total . ”
The Journal reported that during his recent visit , Cheney “ held one - on - one meetings with Sunni , Shiite and Kurdish leaders in Iraq to speed passage of a law opening Iraq ’s enormous petroleum reserves to more efficient production by global oil companies . ”
While the passage of a national law opening Iraq ’s oil wealth to foreign exploitation has been held up , the Journal noted , “ Kurdish officials in Iraq ’s semi-autonomous northern enclave have passed an oil law of their own and are signing deals with foreign firms without waiting for permission from Baghdad . ”
Washington may well be seeking to forge similar relations in the south of Iraq , with even larger oil reserves , and would certainly be prepared to spill considerable amounts of blood to secure such a prize .
Those who point to the eruption of violence in Iraq as a manifestation of the “ failure of the surge ” are missing the point .
The Bush administration has deliberately provoked this violence in pursuit of the objective that has driven the Iraq intervention from its outset : the cementing of semi-colonial US control over the country and its oil wealth .
US actions have compelled the Sadrist movement to renounce , at least in practice , the cease - fire that it initiated last August .
This began not just with this week ’s military offensive , but with a prolonged campaign by US occupation forces , the Maliki government and the Badr Brigade to use the cease - fire as a cover for arresting and killing thousands of Sadrists .
It is this campaign that produced the so - called “ rogue ” elements that have fought back , providing a pretext for intensifying the repression .
These actions , however , have only underscored the failure of five years of American occupation to either install a reliable puppet regime or quell the resistance of the Iraqi people .
The US military ’s sealing off of Sadr City , the air and ground attacks against the Mahdi Army militia and the imposition of the round - the - clock curfew have all failed to halt the mortar and rocket attacks on the heavily fortified Green Zone , which was hit more than 20 times on Friday , with the US Embassy compound , the United Nations offices and the offices an Iraqi vice president all suffering direct hits .
The principal result of the US strategy is the unleashing of barbarism against millions of people living in two major cities — Baghdad and Basra .
Residents of Basra told the BBC Friday that the level of violence being inflicted on the city is the worst in memory , surpassing even that of the repression carried out by the Iraqi military against the 1991 Shia uprising that followed Iraq ’s defeat in the first Persian Gulf War .
It should be recalled that one of the pretexts incessantly repeated by the Bush administration for its 2003 invasion was that Saddam Hussein had “ killed his own people . ”
But now , with ample backing from the US military , Washington ’s Iraqi puppet Maliki is doing the same thing .
Aside from those killed and wounded , the entire population has been locked in their homes under conditions of rising early summer heat and dwindling water and food supplies .
Both electricity and water supplies have been cut off to Basra .
“ This is a catastrophe that could lead to a huge problem as we are entering summer and , of course , if it continues like this , it will lead to waterborne diseases including diarrhea , ” Mahdi al - Tamimi , head of the Basra ’s Human Rights Office told the United Nations news agency , IRIN .
“ All aspects of life have been paralyzed with the closure of schools , government offices and markets due to clashes that have forced people indoors with not enough food as there was no prior notice for this operation . ”
“ The humanitarian situation is getting worse by the minute — not the hour or the day — due to clashes taking place in the streets ; as a result , the humanitarian effort has been severely hampered and paralyzed , ” Salih Hmoud , head of the Iraqi Red Crescent Society ’s office in Basra , told IRIN on Thursday .
Lack of clean water has led to outbreaks of diarrhea in Basra .
“ Some of these people with diarrhea have somehow managed to defy the curfew and reach nearby hospitals on foot but the majority is still in their houses , ” said Hmoud .
“ This is very dangerous because they can die if they are not treated . ”
Reporting on Baghdad , Patrick Cockburn of the British Independent noted that Sadr City ’s two million residents have been encircled by the US military and ordered to stay indoors .
He quoted a Sadr City resident named Mohammed , who said , “ We are trapped in our homes with no water or electricity since yesterday .
We ca n’t bathe our children or wash our clothes . ”
Temperatures in both Baghdad and Basra have risen into the upper 90s ( 30s Celsius ) .
Both Maliki ( who has vowed to “ fight until the end ” ) and US military sources have indicated that the sieges being waged against Basra and Sadr City have only just begun .
The strategy of “ clearing ” the crowded slum neighborhoods will take many more days if not weeks of combat .
It threatens a bloodbath that could easily eclipse the one that was inflicted upon Fallujah more than three years ago .
Pirate - chasing lawyer Espen Tondel has been told by the police that they will not spend their valuable resources chasing file - sharers .
Undeterred , Tondel wrote to the Department of Justice demanding a meeting about the police 's decision .
They responded all right - and denied him a meeting .
Today , Norway appears to be a much safer country for petty file sharers .
The Hollywood lawyer Espen Tondel has been told by Kripos ( serious crime police ) that they will not be spending time investigating small - time pirates .
Like many lawyers in the anti-piracy arena , Tondel tries to blur civil and criminal law to obtain leverage .
The police are clear – their priority is investigating real crimes , such as murder and robbery and sadly for him , file - sharing does not fall into those categories .
Tondel must now make his claims against alleged pirates in a civil court .
Following this major setback , Tondel wrote to the Department of Justice and demanded a meeting with them .
He complained that copyright holders need to go through the criminal system as without the help of the police , all they have is an IP address .
They can not sue an IP address , they need a real name and identity .
Unfortunately for Tondel , the response was n’t what he ’d been hoping for - the Department of Justice completely refused him a meeting - leaving him to start suing IP addresses , which he ’s not allowed to do .
Ouch .
On Sunday , Trond Giske , Minister of Culture in Norway told VG. no : “ We have no plans to do anything similar to the Brits .
To identify the users is quite a substantial process , so we plan to focus on only those who upload movies and music illegally .
We are cooperating closely with the industry , and are well aware of the money they are loosing because of the illegal downloading . ”
Norwegian political commentators are suggesting that Norway ’s biggest political party and government , Arbeiderpartiet , aren`t going to change their policy on this because they are afraid of losing votes amongst the 18 to 30 year olds .
So can Norwegian file - sharers feel safe from prosecution now ?
“ No , they can ’t .
I ’m just saying that we will use most of our resources on those who uploads illegally ” said Giske in a tone suggesting it ’s only serious uploaders who need to take care .
Back in November 2007 , Tondel reported 14 people to the police for sharing the movie , ‘ Kill Buljo ’ , even though the director of the movie did n’t agree with this course of action .
I expect there are at least 14 BitTorrent fans smiling today , shortly to be joined by thousands more .
Norway joins Canada in a growing group of common - sense countries which refuse to waste public resources on petty file - sharers .
Other countries – such as Germany and the UK are particularly weak .
Although they do n’t directly involve the police , they allow lawyers to blatantly ( ab ) use the system by claiming they are prosecuting a criminal case , simply in order to obtain a file - sharer ’s identity .
They then drop the criminal case , only to pursue a financially lucrative civil one , a tactic favored by lawyers Davenport Lyons to un-mask alleged BitTorrent pirates in the UK .
It ’s uncertain at this point if the imminent raids suggested by Tondel back in October 2007 , will become more or less imminent following this statement by the police .
Even though the Department of Justice wo n’t speak to Tondel , we did , but sadly he does n’t seem to have a statement for us right now .
Special thanks to RayJoha who made this article possible
CSI 's Gary Dourdan Arrested for Drugs
Gary Dourdan , who stars as Warrick Brown on the CBS show " CSI : Crime Scene Investigation , " was arrested Tuesday morning on suspicion of possessing cocaine , heroin , ecstasy and prescription drugs .
Dourdan , 41 , was taken into custody when he was found asleep in his car at 5:21 am in Palm Springs , CA .
The actor was booked and released after posting $ 5000 bond .
British troops withdrew to a base on the outskirts of Basra in September More than 85 % of the residents of Basra believe British troops have had a negative effect on the Iraqi province since 2003 , an opinion poll suggests .
The survey for BBC Newsnight of nearly 1,000 people also suggests that 56 % believe their presence has increased the overall level of militia violence .
Two - thirds think security will improve when the British hand back control of the province to Iraqi forces on Sunday .
The 4,500 British troops in Iraq will then focus on training Iraqi forces .
The move to Provincial Iraqi Control will eventually pave the way for UK troop numbers to be reduced to 2,500 from the spring .
Basra is the ninth of Iraq 's 18 provinces to resume responsibility for its own security and the fourth to be handed over by British forces after Muthanna , Maysan and Dhi Qar .
Improvement expected The Public Attitudes in Basra survey carried out for Newsnight by the UK - based polling agency , Opinion Research Business ( ORB ) , interviewed a random sample of 922 adults across the southern city of Basra between 3 and 8 December .
The survey 's results suggest that only 2 % of Basra residents believe that British troops have had a positive effect on the province since they helped the US overthrow Saddam Hussein in March 2003 .
An overwhelming majority of 86 % felt British troops had had a negative effect .
More than half felt the troops ' presence had actually increased the overall level of militia violence over the past four years , while 14 % said they believed the British forces had made no difference at all .
See more poll results Looking to the future , a total of 83 % of those surveyed said they wanted British troops to leave Iraq , including 63 % who wanted them to leave the Middle East altogether .
However , nearly a tenth disagreed and said they would like the troops to remain in a camp on the outskirts of Basra , where they could be called upon in a time of crisis .
The majority of those questioned felt that once provincial control was handed over to local Iraqi security forces , the security situation would begin to improve .
Two - thirds felt security would improve in the short term , while 72 % said it would improve in the long term .
Only 5 % said security would deteriorate following the withdrawal .
Correspondents say British troops have had a relatively minor influence on the security situation in Basra since they withdrew to a base at the airport outside the city in September .
' Women targeted ' BBC correspondent Andrew North said that , since the withdrawal , the militia has been orchestrating a campaign of violence against women .
He said most people believed the militia were responsible for the deaths of more than 40 women killed in the past few months .
But in a rare interview , Ali Al Saedi , of the Mehdi Army , denied targeting women .
" If this is true , this violence exists everywhere in America and Britain as well .
Nobody can blame any block or movement for any of these crimes , " he told BBC News .
Our correspondent also said the British base in Basra was still coming under attack from mortar fire .
Major Mike Shearer , a military spokesman in Basra , said : " It 's about managing the security here .
" We never professed to be handing over a white - picketed Basra that resembled something out of the Stepford Wives . "
More than 170 British servicemen and women have died while serving in Iraq since 2003 .
Do you feel that once British troops hand over control to Iraqi forces in Basra , the security will improve , deteriorate or stay the same ?
Return
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
We ’ve all heard about the space missions that are DOA when NASA engineers lose touch with the spacecraft or lander .
In other cases , some critical system fails and the mission is compromised .
Both are maddening scenarios because the spacecraft probably could be easily fixed if engineers could just get their hands on the hardware for a few minutes .
Ali Akoglu and his students at The University of Arizona are working on hybrid hardware / software systems that one day might use machine intelligence to allow the spacecraft to heal themselves .
Akoglu , an assistant professor in electrical and computer engineering , is using Field Programmable Gate Arrays , or FPGA , to build these self - healing systems .
FPGAs combine software and hardware to produce flexible systems that can be reconfigured at the chip level .
Because some of the hardware functions are carried out at the chip level , the software can be set up to mimic hardware .
In this way , the FPGA “ firmware ” can be reconfigured to emulate different kinds of hardware .
Speed vs. Flexibility
Akoglu explains it this way :
There are general - purpose systems , like your desktop computer , which can run a variety of applications .
Unfortunately , even with 3 GHz , dual - core processors , they ’re extremely slow compared with hardwired systems .
With hardwired systems , the hardware is specific to the purpose .
As an example , engineers could build a very fast system that would run Microsoft Word but nothing else .
It could n’t run Excel or any other application .
But it would be super fast at what it ’s designed for .
“ In that case , you have an extremely fast system , but it ’s not adaptable , ” Akoglu explained .
“ When new , and better software comes along , you have to go back into the design cycle and start building hardware from scratch . ”
“ What we need is something in the middle that is the best of both worlds , and that ’s what I ’m trying to come up with using Field Programmable Arrays , ” he said .
Work on the self - healing systems began in 2006 as a project in Akoglu ’s graduate - level class .
His students presented a paper on the system and sparked interest from NASA , which eventually provided an $ 85,000 grant to pursue the work .
Akoglu and his students now are in the second phase of the project , which is called SCARS ( Scalable Self - Configurable Architecture for Reusable Space Systems ) .
The project is being carried out in collaboration with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
Currently , they are testing five hardware units that are linked together wirelessly .
The units could represent a combination of five landers and rovers on Mars , for instance .
“ When we create a test malfunction , we try to recover in two ways , ” he explained .
“ First , the unit tries to heal itself at the node level by reprogramming the problem circuits . ”
If that fails , the second step is for the unit to try to recover by employing redundant circuitry .
But if the unit ’s onboard resources can’t fix the problem , the network - level intelligence is alerted .
In this case , another unit takes over the functions that were carried out by the broken unit .
“ The second unit reconfigures itself so it can carry out both its own tasks and the critical tasks from the broken unit , ” Akoglu explained .
If two units go down and ca n’t fix themselves , the three remaining units split up the tasks .
All of this is done autonomously without human aid .
Lightning - Fast Processing
Because FPGAs can be programmed to carry on tasks simultaneously , they also can be configured to do lightning - fast processing .
“ So if you ’re running a loop , and it is running 10,000 times , you can replicate the loop as a processing element in the FPGA ‘ n ’ number of times , ” Akoglu explained .
“ That means you have an ‘ n ’ times speed - up . ”
It ’s like creating a huge multicore processor configured for a specific task .
FPGAs traditionally have been used for prototyping circuits because their firmware can be reprogrammed .
Rather than creating costly circuits in hardware , engineers can test their ideas quickly and inexpensively in FPGA firmware .
In the past five years , the amount of circuitry that can be crammed into FPGAs has increased dramatically , promoting them from simple test - beds to end products in themselves , Akoglu explained .
The Ridgetop Group , a Tucson company that specializes in diagnosing circuit faults using statistical methods , now is working with Akoglu on the self - healing systems .
“ This is the next phase of our project , ” Akoglu said .
“ Our objective is to go beyond predicting a fault to using a self - healing system to fix the predicted fault before it occurs . ”
This could lead to extremely stable computer systems that could operate for long periods without failure .
In 1999 , as I was finishing work on my book Code : The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software , I had ideas for four " spin-off " books .
I prepared single - page descriptions of each of these book ideas and showed them to my agent .
None of these books was " normal " in any way .
One of the oddest was a book I called Mr. Turing 's Computing Machine .
In researching Code , I read ( or tried to read ) many of the seminal books and papers that contributed to the early history of computing .
One of these was Alan Turing 's 1936 paper " On Computable Numbers , with an Application to the Entscheidungsproblem " in which he invents the imaginary computer now called the Turing Machine .
In trying to comprehend this paper , I thought " This is such an important paper in the history of computing that somebody should really write a book explaining what 's going on in here . "
I think the whole concept of the book sprung into my head almost fully formed : I would take Turing 's paper and annotate the living daylights out of it .
At the very least , trying to write this book would let me devote the time and attention to Turing 's paper that it so obviously deserved .
I have a Word file that I created on May 12 , 1999 with a title page that says Mr. Turing 's Computing Machine .
On the next page the text begins :
One hundred years ago , on TK , 1900 , German mathematician David Hilbert stood before the Second International Congress of Mathematicians and challenged his colleagues to solve 23 problems in the forthcoming century .
In magazine writing , TK means " to come " and really means " I 'm too lazy to look this up at the moment but I 'll fill it in later . "
Notice that the paragraph suggests a publication date for the book of about 2000 !
Even so , I was n't sure it was proper to begin the book with Hilbert 's problems .
There was some confusion in my mind about the exact relationship between Hilbert 's 10th problem from 1900 ( on Diophantine equations ) and the Entscheidungsproblem referred to in the title of Turing 's paper .
Of course , the really big question was whether I 'd be able to write this book at all !
I knew that I would need to understand every word in Turing 's prose and every subscript and superscript in his equations .
Would that even be possible ?
Surely everyone 's prose has a little ambiguity in it .
As far as I knew , nobody had ever done anything quite like this .
Maybe there was an excellent reason for that !
To demonstrate to myself that I could carry off this difficult task , I knew I needed to write a good chunk of the book before going public .
Only then could I show the manuscript to my agent and programmer friends .
Because the book would contain Turing 's complete paper , I also knew that I needed to reproduce that paper in the pages of this manuscript .
I wanted my manuscript to look like the pages of a book , and for Turing 's paper to look as close to the original as I could manage with a custom Microsoft Word style sheet .
I knew this was not going to be easy : Turing 's paper contains several different fonts and some very complex tables .
Beginning in 1999 and numerous times over the next five years , I would open up the file for Mr. Turing 's Computing Machine and try to make a little progress .
Inevitably I 'd find myself working on the style sheet to reproduce Turing 's paper .
It seemed as if I could n't bring myself to write my own annotations until Turing 's paper looked correct in the Word file .
Yet , it also seemed like a waste of time to design a style sheet for Turing 's paper until I knew I could actually do something with it .
In September 2004 I found myself with some free time .
I had been expecting to work on my untitled " Avalon Book " but Avalon had been delayed , and no one knew for how long .
I decided to attack Mr. Turing 's Computing Machine and to conquer my psychological blocks by doing something completely bizarre and downright perverted : I moved away from the computer .
Well , not exactly .
I first used the computer to scan Turing 's paper and print out the pages .
Then I got comfortable on the couch with a yellow legal pad , a pen , a little pair of scissors , and tabs of clear tape in a dispenser strapped to my wrist .
I 'd cut out a piece of Turing 's paper , tape it to a page in the yellow pad , and then hand - write my annotations .
Like most people , I gave up handwriting long ago .
For me it was sometime around 1982 when I first learned WordStar on my Osborne 1 .
To actually hand - write large chunks of a book felt very strange , but the strategy worked .
By entirely avoiding the technical word - processing problems , I could give my full attention to Turing 's paper .
Each little cut - out piece of the paper became the focus of my attentions .
Because I was working on a pad , I could experiment with equations and illustrations with more flexibility than the computer allows .
Here are two of my handwritten pages , along with a later whole page from Turing 's paper with an amusing number of notes I made :
( 2.7 megs ) ( 2.2 megs ) ( 0.6 megs )
For a couple months I worked like this , enjoying the process immensely .
After I had about 110 handwritten pages , I felt much more confident that I could make the whole book work .
Only then did I go back to the computer and work on the style sheet that would reproduce Turing 's paper in my manuscript .
I then typed in my handwritten pages , giving each yellow page a big red check mark as it went into the file .
Sometime around the beginning of 2005 , I received an alert from Amazon.com about a forthcoming book by B. Jack Copeland entitled Alan Turing 's Automatic Computing Engine .
This book was about the ACE computer and had almost no overlap with my book , but the title was too close to my title Mr. Turing 's Computing Machine for my comfort .
I changed my title first to Alan Turing 's Amazing Imaginary Computing Machine and then to The Amazing Imaginary Computing Machine of Mr. Alan M. Turing with the subtitle A Guided Tour through Alan Turing ’s Historic Paper on Computability .
I liked the old - fashioned sound of the new title , somewhat reminiscent of the 1965 movie Those Magnificent Men in Their Flying Machines .
By the early summer of 2005 , the first 11 chapters ( about 200 pages ) of the book were ready to be read .
I sent copies to my agent and several friends in the computer industry .
Although the book was " mostly " finished — I anticipated another 100 or perhaps 150 pages to cover the last 40 % of Turing 's paper — further work had to stop because WPF was now coming .
From September 2005 through July 2006
I worked full - time on what we called " The Avalon Book " but which became Applications = Code + Markup .
In the fall , I wrote my online book .
NET Book Zero and then started 3D Programming for Windows in December 2006 , finishing that in June 2007 .
I did n't want to wait any longer to finish what I was now calling just " The Turing Book " ( the complete title was just too fatiguing ) and also to try to find a publisher .
( I did n't think my longtime publisher Microsoft Press was a good fit for this book . )
With a brazen blog entry I found a courageous publisher in John Wiley & Sons .
Right before Chris Webb and I began negotiating the contract , I came up with the title
The Annotated Turing
A Guided Tour Through Alan Turing's
Historic Paper on Computability
and the Turing Machine
and it stuck .
I still have some work to do on The Annotated Turing , but it 's mostly just reviewing edits and ( eventually ) pages .
It looks like the scheduled publication date for the book is now June 10 , 2008 — more than nine years after I first created a Word file for the manuscript .
Sometimes these projects take some time .
The row saw Danish flags being burnt in Muslim states
They say they wanted to show their commitment to freedom of speech after an alleged plot to kill one of the cartoonists behind the drawings .
Of three suspects detained over the alleged plot on Tuesday , one - a Danish citizen - was released on Wednesday .
The remaining two - Tunisian citizens - are set to be deported without trial .
The cartoons were originally published by Jyllands - Posten in September 2005 .
Danish embassies were attacked around the world and dozens died in riots that followed .
Papers defiant
Jyllands - Posten and many other major newspapers , including Politiken and Berlingske Tidende , reprinted the caricature in their Wednesday editions .
I have turned fear into anger and resentment
Kurt Westergaard
Cartoonist
The cartoon depicts Muhammad wearing a turban shaped like a bomb with a lit fuse .
The editors said no - one should feel their life was threatened because of a drawing .
" We are doing this to document what is at stake in this case , and to unambiguously back and support the freedom of speech that we as a newspaper will always defend , " Berlingske Tidende said .
The cartoon was also broadcast on national television , and even newspapers that were originally against the publication of the caricatures are now backing the campaign to defend freedom of speech , says the BBC's Thomas Buch - Andersen in Copenhagen .
No strong reactions to the republication had been observed , a foreign ministry official told news agency AP .
Expulsions criticised
On Tuesday , the head of the Danish Security and Intelligence Service ( Pet ) , Jakob Sharf , said its operatives had carried out pre-dawn raids in the Aarhus region .
The three suspects - two Tunisians and a Dane of Moroccan origin - had been detained " after lengthy surveillance " , he added .
The Danish citizen was released pending further investigation , while the Tunisians will be held until they are expelled from the country .
But lawyers and Muslim groups criticised the decision to deport the men without giving them a chance to defend themselves in court .
Franz Wenzel , the lawyer for one of the men , told Danish TV that the fact that the Danish citizen had been released " for lack of evidence " while two foreigners were being expelled was " incomprehensible " , AFP news agency reported .
Meanwhile , Kasem Ahmed of the Islamic Faith Society in Denmark , condemned the alleged murder plot - but also criticised the newspapers ' decision to republish the cartoons , saying they remained an insult to Muslims .
Police protection
The Pet did not identify the target of the alleged plot , but the online edition of Jyllands - Posten said its cartoonist , Kurt Westergaard , was the focus .
The newspaper , based in Aarhus , said Mr Westergaard , 73 , and his 66 - year - old wife , Gitte , had been under police protection for the past three months .
In a statement on Jyllands - Posten 's website , Mr Westergaard said : " Of course I fear for my life when the police intelligence service say that some people have concrete plans to kill me .
" But I have turned fear into anger and resentment . "
Our own [ Eliot ] dug this one up from the grave .
While the recipe has been online for a while , do you know many 10 year olds who made their own Aerogel , that wonderful insulator that ’s essentially gelled air ?
[ William ] made some ( cache ) for his science project in 2002 .
He started with Silbond H5 , a combination of ethyl alcohol and ethyl polysilicate .
You can get the MSDS after a painless email registration on the Silbond website .
After the gel is formed you have to soak it in an alcohol bath to make sure all water has been removed from the structure .
Then the gel is placed in a drying chamber .
Liquid CO2 is forced into the chamber to displace all the alcohol in the chamber and the structure .
Once the the alcohol is gone the supercritical drying phase begins .
The temperature is raised to 90degF and the pressure is regulated to 1050 psi .
At this point the liquid CO2 in the gel structure takes on gas properties ( looses surface tension ) and leaves the silica structure .
All that remains in the chamber is your new Aerogel which is 99 % empty space and 1000 times less dense than glass .
Of course , if you ’re lazy , you can buy some here .
Bush blames Congressional Dems for economic woes RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday April 29 , 2008
|
Print This Email This President Bush pointed the finger at Congress Tuesday , claiming its Democratic leaders were essentially solely responsible for the nation 's economic woes .
To address the energy crisis , Bush rolled out a laundry list of longtime Republican wishes , such as opening oil exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , building more oil refineries and increasing reliance on nuclear power .
" It 's a tough time for our economy , " Bush said at a Rose Garden news conference .
" Across our country , many Americans are understandably anxious about issues affecting their pocketbook , from gas and food prices to mortgage and tuition bills .
They 're looking to their elected leaders in Congress for action .
" Unfortunately , on many of these issues , all they 're getting is delay , " he said .
Congressional Democrats quickly responded , accusing the president of a short - sighted pursuit of proposals that would benefit big oil companies at the expense of the American people .
" Oil price goes through the roof and what does the president do ?
He takes out the old saw of ANWR , " said Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) , speaking at a rebuttal press conference .
" ANWR would n't produce a drop of oil in 10 years , and it 's estimated that if they drilled in ANWR , in 20 years it would reduce the price one penny .
And that 's the president 's answer to the oil crisis . "
Schumer panned Bush for saying virtually nothing about pursuing alternative and renewable energy and doing nothing to reign in massive oil company profits .
" The president 's energy policy for the last seven years has basically been , ' What 's good for big oil is good for America , " he said .
" We ask ... on whose side is the president ?
Which side is he on ?
You can't be on both ; you can't be both for big oil and for lower prices . "
Bush was asked about a proposal by Republican presidential contender John McCain , later endorsed by Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton , to suspend taxes on gasoline and diesel fuel for the summer travel season .
The tax is 18.4 cents per gallon of gasoline and 24.4 cents on diesel fuel .
" I 'm open to any ideas and we 'll analyze anything that comes up , " he said .
But Bush also said he did n't want to inject himself into the ongoing presidential race .
Of the three candidates , only Democrat Barack Obama has not backed the gas tax proposal .
The average price of a gallon of gas has reached $ 3.60 nationwide .
Bush renewed his objection to calls that the government discontinue keeping up the nation 's Strategic Petroleum Reserve supply while oil prices are so high .
" If I thought it would affect the price of oil significantly , I would seriously consider it , " he said of an idea embraced by many Democrats and some Republicans .
Bush also said that it was important to keep filling the reserve , in underground salt domes in Texas and Louisiana , in case there is a terror attack on the nation 's oil supplies .
He also once again called for Congress to permit drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , a proposal he has made repeatedly since he first took office in 2001 , and to pave the way for the building of new refineries .
" Another reason for high gas prices is the lack of refining capacity .
It 's been more than 30 years since America built its last new refinery .
Yet in this area , too , Congress has repeatedly blocked efforts to expand capacity and build more refineries , " Bush said .
The president revived an earlier proposal that shuttered military bases be used as sites for new refineries .
In the past , oil and energy experts have expressed little interest in that , saying military bases often are n't situated where the oil pipelines are anyhow .
He sidestepped a question on whether there should be a second stimulus package .
Rebates started to go out this week as part of a $ 168 billion stimulus package enacted in February .
The checks will range to up $ 600 for an individual , $ 1,200 for a couple and an additional $ 300 for each eligible dependent child .
" Now , you know , after a period of time , the money is beginning to arrive .
We 'll see what the effects are , " he said .
Bush also called on Congress to act more quickly on legislation to make more student loans available and to help homeowners facing foreclosure .
As he has in the past , Bush declined to call the current economic slowdown a recession , even though many economists say the nation is already in one .
" You know , the words on how to define the economy do n't reflect the anxiety the American people feel , " Bush said .
" The average person does n't really care what we call it .
The average person wants to know whether or not we know that they 're paying higher gasoline prices and they 're worried about staying in their homes . "
Asked if he thought government figures due out Wednesday on the nation 's gross domestic product for the period from January through March would show the country was indeed in a recession , Bush said , " I think they 'll show we 're in a very slow economy . "
With wire reports
With the arrival of Terminator : The Sarah Connor Chronicles on British TV screens , it 's clearly time to consider just how to deal with murderous and very determined androids from the future .
This might look easier than our previous movie - based challenge , " How To Stop A 500 - foot Monster " ( and its sequel ) , but the rules are a bit different .
With giant monsters , you can count on the authorities to wheel out the F - 18s and Abrams tanks pronto .
When a Terminator kicks down your door at 2 a.m. , it 's just you and whatever you have on hand .
While a 120 - mm M829A1 round might swiftly convert a Terminator into scrap metal , I do n’t believe that even DR readers keep a suitable cannon in the house .
Generally speaking , Terminators appear to be able to shrug off small - arms fire .
However , as a military technology enthusiast , you have to ask exactly how good their protection is .
Body armor is classified in several levels , roughly as follows :
Type I – .22 long rifle and low - velocity .380 – small stuff
Type II – stops 9 mm handgun and .357 rounds – most standard handguns
Type IIIA – stop all 9 mm ( including submachine guns like that " Uzi , nine millimeter " ) and .44 Magnum – i.e. , pretty much any normal handgun
Type III – stops the standard 7.62 mm and 5.56 mm rifle bullets used by police and military
Type IV – stops some armor- piercing rounds :" This armor protects against .30 caliber armor piercing ( AP ) bullets ( U.S. military designation M2 AP ) , with nominal masses of 10.8 g ( 166 gr ) , impacting at a minimum velocity of 869 m/s ( 2850 ft/s ) or less ...
Type IV body armor provides the highest level of protection currently available . "
A detailed technical breakdown is provided here .
Even if Terminators are equal to Class IV , they are well outmatched by modern ammunition : something like the U.S. military 7.62 mm M993 round will defeat 15 mm
Type IV armor and punch holes though 15 mm of steel plate .
If that 's still not enough and you want to " get bigger guns , " something in .50 caliber might do .
Barrett 's M82A1 weighs about 30 pounds , but with armor - piercing rounds it can go through at least 20 mm of steel , moving us into the league of anti-vehicle rather than anti-personnel weapons .
Incidentally , there 's a clue in the first Terminator movie that you can take one down with standard firearms .
When asked if he can stop it , Sgt .
Reese replies , " Maybe .
With these weapons ... I do n't know . "
So perhaps he just needed the right ammunition .
If you do get through the armor , then one shot is unlikely to do it .
Any combat robot should be designed with a high degree of redundancy and will have very few " vital spots . "
Unlike a human , it 's not going to bleed to death , and the loss of limbs is not going to bother it .
The Terminator films and TV series seem to bear this out ; so keep shooting even after it goes down and make absolutely sure it 's not going to get up again .
Of course , if armor - piercing ammunition will do the job , it 's going to destroy most of that carefully constructed atmosphere of threat and fear that has been built up around the Terminator : " It does n't feel pity , or remorse , or fear .
And it absolutely will not stop , ever , until you are dead ... unless you empty a clip of M993s into it first , then it 's history and we 'll go for some beers . "
One obvious feature of Terminators is that they have metallic armor , described as " hyperalloy . "
This is very much against the modern trend for body armor , which basically abandoned metal some time ago in favor of ceramic and composite combinations ; they give much greater hardness and strength for the weight .
The real reason for the Terminators ' metal armor is probably that people equate robots with metal , and director
James Cameron says he liked the image of " a chrome - plated Death . "
That chrome look means the Terminators ' metal shell appears to stay shiny and unmarked whatever happens to it .
There might be two possible explanations : extreme hardness or self - repair .
Hyperalloy might be much harder than any known metal ; this potentially makes it brittle , but highly suitable for armor .
( Heavy tanks like the Abrams do have some fairly exotic heavy metal armor , but that 's another story . )
Alternatively – and more entertainingly – there 's the idea that Terminator metal might be some sort of shape memory alloy , capable of rapidly returning to its original form .
This would explain why Terminators sometimes take a second or two to recover after being shot , while the memory alloy reverts back to shape .
This could also lead to the development of the implausibly advanced memory alloys seen in later shapeshifting Terminators like the T - 1000 and T-X .
( In addition , the shape memory alloy could explain why Terminators seem peculiarly susceptible to shotgun blasts , which have little penetrating power and can be defeated by light body armor .
In Terminator mythology , shotguns seem to be the most effective weapon and knock the robots out of action for several seconds .
Perhaps the impact force ' stuns ' the robot , perhaps it causes larger deformation of the armor … or maybe Hollywood just likes pump-action shotguns . )
Being science fiction , hyperalloy does not need to obey the laws of physics .
And the considerations of plot mean that Terminators should n’t really be vulnerable to small arms .
So maybe we need something more serious such as a portable anti-armor weapon .
While even the most basic
RPG - 7 will go through more than a foot of steel – surely more than enough – do n’t use it indoors .
In common with most rocket weapons , the backblast is highly dangerous ; if used in a confined space it will convert you into toast .
If you 're expecting Terminators in your living room , you want something with no backblast , such as the French Eryx or the new SMAW - D( CS ) .
Unfortunately , the Eryx , like the RPG , has a warhead that does not arm until it is some distance from the launcher for safety reasons .
So you 'll have to get your Terminator to stand at least 50 meters away before letting fly .
The 40 mm HEDP grenade is a much smaller warhead and more suitable for close quarters .
Fired from most standard launchers , it can go through 2
inches of steel , and still do plenty of damage on the other side .
But even this one arms 14 meters away – and causes ( human ) casualties in a 5 - meter radius .
Not quite the thing for indoor firefights .
Looks like this one needs a little more thought .
There are lots of ways we can go ...
Tasers , anyone ?
Proposals from major arms manufacturers and the fertile brains of DR readers are welcome .
UPDATE : Speaking of the Terminator , Boing Boing TV has an exclusive episode from the Sarah Connor Chronicles alternate reality game .
But do n’t call it a boycott because then the communist government that gladly provides the world with cheap stuff might get angry and we would never want that .
Only China can criticize other countries but we ’re not allowed to criticize them or else they will force western countries to go elsewhere to find cheap labor orchestrated by a wealthy dictatorship .
S
o when did this big tradition of world leaders attending the Olympics actually start ?
I do n’t recall them tripping over each other to attend in the past but then again , the Olympics stopped being interesting to me when it became all about the corporate sponsorships and the doping and the every two years .
Have this many presidents and prime ministers always attended ?
AIDS drug tied to heart attack risk , study says Unexpected finding prompts review of important medicine
Patients who take the widely prescribed AIDS drug abacavir run nearly double the risk of heart attack compared with those who take other antiviral medications , according to a major study conducted in the United States , Europe and Australia .
The unexpected finding , which was released at a scientific meeting in February and published online by the journal Lancet on Tuesday , creates a quandary for HIV - positive patients and their physicians .
Abacavir has run into trouble just as it was becoming one of the most important " backbones " of various three - drug combinations that keep HIV in check .
" This is a head - scratcher , in the sense that we do n't really understand the biology here , " said Paul Dalton , director of Treatment and Advocacy for Project Inform in San Francisco .
As a result of the findings , the Food and Drug Administration on Thursday posted a notice that it was reviewing whether to take regulatory action .
However , the agency emphasized that it had not concluded that the drug was responsible for the higher heart attack rate , nor was it advising doctors to stop prescribing it .
Abacavir won FDA approval in 1998 , and sales of its various formulations have topped $ 1 billion in recent years .
In January , a federal panel that sets treatment guidelines recommended that the drug , combined with the antiviral 3TC and sold as Epzicom , be considered a " preferred choice " for patients taking AIDS drugs for the first time .
Dalton was a member of the Department of Health and Human Services panel that made that recommendation .
Dr. Steven Deeks , a UCSF professor who treats HIV - positive patients at San Francisco General Hospital , said the study was thorough and large - scale , but it is not definitive .
It shows a near doubling of heart attack risk , but does not show why .
" The concerns it raises are legitimate , " he said .
However , Deeks said that until a plausible biological explanation emerges and the findings are confirmed by other studies , he would be reluctant to recommend that patients who are doing well with abacavir switch to another drug .
Complicating the calculations is that the patients most likely to have heart problems with abacavir are those who already have some underlying medical condition , such as diabetes or high blood pressure , which already puts them at risk .
However , the drug regime most clinicians would swap for abacavir uses another highly regarded AIDS medication called tenofovir , which can cause kidney problems - a potential issue for diabetics or people with high blood pressure .
The study , led by researchers at the University of Copenhagen , sifted data from more than 33,000 patients beginning as early as 1999 .
It found that the risk of heart attack rose nearly 90 percent for those prescribed abacavir .
John Pottage , a vice president for abacavir maker GlaxoSmithKline , said the company is taking the study results very seriously .
However , he cautioned that while the risk of heart attack doubled , it was relatively low to begin with - about three per 1,000 patients annually .
After release of the data in February , GlaxoSmithKline revisited 54 clinical trials conducted in the process of winning approval for the medication and found no evidence of heart risk .
" Obviously , the study is provocative , and people are trying to dig into it and understand it , " Pottage said .
One of the sleaziest documentaries to arrive in a very long time , “ Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed ” is a conspiracy - theory rant masquerading as investigative inquiry .
Positing the theory of intelligent design as a valid scientific hypothesis , the film frames the refusal of “ big science ” to agree as nothing less than an assault on free speech .
Interviewees , including the scientist Richard Sternberg , claim that questioning Darwinism led to their expulsion from the scientific fold ( the film relies extensively on the post hoc , ergo propter hoc fallacy  after this , therefore because of this ) , while our genial audience surrogate , the actor and multihyphenate Ben Stein , nods sympathetically .
( Mr. Stein is also a freelance columnist who writes Everybody ’s Business for The New York Times . )
Prominent evolutionary biologists , like the author and Oxford professor Richard Dawkins  accurately identified on screen as an “ atheist ”  are provided solely to construct , in cleverly edited slices , an inevitable connection between Darwinism and godlessness .
Blithely ignoring the vital distinction between social and scientific Darwinism , the film links evolution theory to fascism ( as well as abortion , euthanasia and eugenics ) , shamelessly invoking the Holocaust with black - and - white film of Nazi gas chambers and mass graves .
Every few minutes familiar  and ideologically unrelated  images interrupt the talking heads : a fist - shaking Nikita S. Khrushchev ; Charlton Heston being subdued by a water hose in “ Planet of the Apes . ”
This is not argument , it ’s circus , a distraction from the film ’s contempt for precision and intellectual rigor .
This goes further than a willful misunderstanding of the scientific method .
The film suggests , for example , that Dr. Sternberg lost his job at the Smithsonian ’s National Museum of Natural History because of intellectual discrimination but neglects to inform us that he was actually not an employee but rather an unpaid research associate who had completed his three - year term .
WASHINGTON 
In a solar system thousands of light years away , a star about half the size of our sun is being orbited by two planets that seem like smaller versions of Jupiter and Saturn , astronomers report .
The simultaneous discovery of two planets is rare and this was the first time researchers had the opportunity to do so using a technique called gravitational microlensing .
" You could call it luck , but I think it might just mean that these systems are common throughout our galaxy , " said Scott Gaudi of Ohio State University , lead author of the report in Friday 's issue of the journal Science .
The star and its planets were observed when they passed in front of a more distant star in 2006 .
A lensing effect magnified the light of the distant star 500 times , the researchers explained .
Gaudi analyzed the data and discovered a distortion that he thought was caused by a Saturn - mass planet .
Then , less than a day later , came an additional distortion he was n't expecting : a " blip " in the signal that appeared to be caused by a second , larger planet orbiting the same star .
It took two months to confirm the two - planet find .
David Bennett , a research associate professor of astrophysics and cosmology at the University of Notre Dame , refined the preliminary model revealing additional details about the system .
The researchers said the newly discovered planets appear to be gaseous , like Jupiter and Saturn , but only about 80 % as big .
" This is the first time we had a high enough magnification event where we had significant sensitivity to a second planet — and we found one , " Gaudi said in a statement .
Four single planets have been found previously using microlensing , two of them by the Ohio State University - based Microlensing Follow Up Network — MicroFUN .
This work was funded by the National Science Foundation ; NASA ; the Polish Ministry of Scientific Research and Information Technology ; the SRC Korea Science & Engineering Foundation ; the Korea Astronomy & Space Science Institute ; German Research Council ; Particle Physics and Astronomy Research Council ; the European Union Program for Research and Technological Development ; the Israel Science Foundation ; the Marsden Fund of New Zealand ; the Japan Ministry of Education , Culture , Sports , Science and Technology and the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Cleveland.com , the Web site that hosts Plain Dealer stories , increased its traffic in March by 89 percent over March 2007 and is now the 28th most popular newspaper Web site in the country , according to rankings released Monday .
Editor & Publisher , a newspaper industry monthly journal , commissioned Nielsen Online to do the rankings .
Nielsen ranked the top 30 newspaper
Web sites based on monthly traffic .
Cleveland.com was the fourth biggest gainer in March , trailing Web sites for the Village Voice , the Wall Street Journal , and the Dallas Morning News .
It was the first time cleveland.com had made the top 30 list .
According to Nielsen ,
about 1.5 million people visited cleveland.com in March .
This is not merely a showbiz phenomenon but a leading indicator of where our entire culture is right now .
It ’s not just torture we want to avoid .
Most Americans do n’t want to hear , see or feel anything about Iraq , whether they support the war or oppose it .
They want to look away , period , and have been doing so for some time .
That ’s why last week ’s testimony by Gen. David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker was a nonevent beyond Washington .
The cable networks duly presented the first day of hearings , but only , it seemed , because the show could be hyped as an “ American Idol ” - like competition in foreign - policy one - upmanship for the three remaining presidential candidates , all senators .
When the hearings migrated to the House the next day , they vanished into the same black media hole where nearly all Iraq news now goes .
If the Olympic torch had n’t provided an excuse to cut away , no doubt any handy weather disturbance would have served instead .
The simple explanation for why we shun the war is that it has gone so badly .
But another answer was provided in the hearings by Senator George Voinovich of Ohio , one of the growing number of Republican lawmakers who no longer bothers to hide his exasperation .
He put his finger on the collective sense of shame ( not to be confused with collective guilt ) that has attended America ’s Iraq project .
“ The truth of the matter , ” Mr. Voinovich said , is that “ we have n’t sacrificed one darn bit in this war , not one .
Never been asked to pay for a dime , except for the people that we lost . ”
Image Credit ...
Barry Blitt
This is how the war planners wanted it , of course .
No new taxes , no draft , no photos of coffins , no inconveniences that might compel voters to ask tough questions .
This strategy would have worked if the war had been the promised cakewalk .
But now it has backfired .
A home front that has not been asked to invest directly in a war , that has subcontracted it to a relatively small group of volunteers , can hardly be expected to feel it has a stake in the outcome five stalemated years on .
The original stakes ( saving the world from mushroom clouds and an alleged ally of Osama bin Laden ) evaporated so far back they seem to belong to another war entirely .
What are the stakes we are asked to believe in now ?
In the largely unwatched House hearings on Wednesday , Representative Robert Wexler , a Florida Democrat , tried to get at this by asking what some 4,000 “ sons and daughters ” of America had died for .
The best General Petraeus could muster was a bit of bloodless Beltway - speak  “ national interests ”  followed by another halfhearted attempt to overstate Iraq ’s centrality to the war on Al Qaeda and a future war on Iran .
He could n’t even argue that we ’re on a humanitarian mission on behalf of the Iraqi people .
That would require him to acknowledge that roughly five million of those people , 60 percent of them children , are now refugees receiving scant help from either our government or Nuri al - Maliki’s .
That ’s nearly a fifth of the Iraqi population  the equivalent of 60 million Americans  and another source of our shame .
Test your Response time !
Click on " Start " first , and wait until the background color changes .
As soon as it changes , hit " stop ! "
I received this from an emailer :
This afternoon , Thomas Cook , a voter in Bloomington , Indiana , filed a complaint with the Indiana Election Commission challenging John McCain 's place on the ballot for the May 6 primary .
If this complaint is successful , McCain WILL NOT be on the ballot in Indiana on May 6 .
According to Indiana law , a presidential candidate can only get on the ballot if he or she collects 500 signatures in each Congressional District .
Even though the incumbent Governor ( who is up for reelection ) is McCain 's Indiana state chair , McCain fell 9 signatures short in the 4th Congressional district -- the most Republican district in one of the most Republican - leaning states in the country .
As astonishing as the McCain campaign 's incompetence may be , the audacity of its response is even worse .
In order to avoid a major embarrassment , the McCain campaign did what Republicans typically do when confronted with their incompetence : they called in their cronies .
Despite the fact that the McCain campaign clearly failed to qualify for the ballot , Republican Attorney General Steve Carter and Republican Secretary of State Todd Rokita ( who recently endorsed McCain ) rubberstamped it anyway , trying to sneak McCain onto the ballot .
Clearly , the Republican Culture of Corruption is alive and well within the McCain campaign .
ZHANG YI FAN , STUDENT , BEIJING
Zhang Yi Fan says the Dalai Lama should have called for restraint
I stand by my government on this issue .
The Dalai Lama is the main cause of the suffering of both Tibetans and Chinese in Tibet .
He could stop the protesters but he does n't .
He gave the people who remain loyal to him the wrong ideas and asked kind - hearted people to risk their lives for his political interests .
Our government has had to send in the troops and protect our people to make society stable .
People have n't paid enough attention to the suffering of the Chinese in Tibet .
They were targeted by the rioters .
We can't get enough information because the government does n't let us know what is happening in Tibet .
All the information I get is from foreign websites .
Many people here do n't know there is a serious situation in Tibet .
It 's just people like me who care about politics .
But I think the government has done the right thing in this instance .
Many of their claims can be proved by the footage we have seen of destruction in Lhasa .
YU FU - MING , COMPANY MANAGER , BEIJING
I think Tibet is a small problem that can be resolved .
The Chinese economy and Chinese society is very stable now .
The economy is growing fast .
Life for people all across China and all its regions is getting better and better .
We must remember that all over the world there are battles between people with differences .
And these differences exist in China too .
I think China needs its stability and so I think it is fine for the army to go into Tibet .
Every government should show its force and its ability to control troubled situations .
If things are proving difficult to control , the army is the best option .
We get a lot of criticism but the best way is to follow law and government .
I think Buddhism is a very good religion and I do n't think the monks should act so much against government .
JINJIE CHEN , LAWYER , SHANGHAI
The timing is very sensitive .
China is due to have its Olympic Games this year .
Jinjie
Chen says people have the right to demonstrate peacefully
I think this is why those people chose this time to riot .
Many are unsatisfied with the Chinese government and the country .
They want to cause riots , maybe even engage in some terrorist activities before , during or after the Olympic Games .
These people know that it is a huge thing for China to have the Olympics .
The world 's attention is on us .
It is a good opportunity for them to take advantage .
Honestly , I think these are the actions of a small number of people .
But , I have to say , it makes me angry .
I think it makes most Chinese people angry .
Everyone has their own problems but I do not think that such violent acts are a good option .
We must make the distinction between a peaceful demonstration and violent anti-social acts .
I fully understand people who want to make their voice heard and raise their ideas .
That is their right .
But I saw evidence that young Tibetans had planned to act violently .
They had bought bricks and stones with them .
That can't be right .
CNN 's Arwa Damon visited a national park in West Java , part of Indonesia , on March 7 , and reports on her experience with scientists working to save the habitat of the endangered gibbon species .
Poachers kill the mothers and sell the baby gibbons on the black market .
There are only 4,000 Java gibbons left .
WEST JAVA , Indonesia ( CNN ) -- Primatologist Dr. Jatna Supriatna scans the treetops in a national park on the island of Java , looking for gibbons .
This area is home to about 150 of the remaining 4,000 Java gibbons .
These highly acrobatic creatures are easy prey on the ground and live well above it in the jungle canopy .
" They like the trees here , the fruit from the trees , so sometimes they are here , " Supriatna says softly , as we trek through the natural beauty with midday light streaming through the foliage .
" This is keystone to the gibbons .
You can't kill the trees " he continues emphatically , pointing out the dainty figs that are a staple part of the gibbons ' diet .
But that 's exactly what 's going on .
Indonesia has the shameful distinction of holding the " highest deforestation " title in the 2008 Guinness Book of World Records , destroying an estimated 300 soccer fields of forest every hour .
According to the World Wildlife Fund , these shy and elusive creatures are the most endangered of all ape species .
Impact Your World See how you can make a difference
" They do n't have any too big a natural enemy , but encroachment , " Supriatna explains .
Through the foliage we can see the electrical towers from the human communities , slowly eating away at what 's left of this protected land .
Baby gibbons are also subject to illegal poaching because they are considered cute pets and , according to Supriatna , selling for thousands of dollars on the black market .
" They kill the mother because they want to have the baby , " Supriatna says .
" So if they kill the mother , there is no chance for survival of the population , of the gibbon . "
In a project run by Conservation International , primatologists are trying to rehabilitate gibbons they saved from people 's homes .
UuUu , a 7 - year - old female , is tranquilized and gently moved to the " introduction cage . "
Because gibbons live in family groups , her only chance of survival in the wild is with a mate .
As she sits hunched over in a corner , drooling and smacking her lips from the effect of the drugs , in the neighboring cage , Kiss Kiss , a male , emits low whimpers , a visible sign of his agitation .
Watch the effort to get the pair to mate »
UuUu slowly shakes off the drugs and groggily clambers on the fencing .
" They will spend at least a week watching each other , " Supriatna explains laughing .
" Not like humans .
They have to invest a lot in the pairing because when they are in nature , they have to find the right guy for the female because their entire life , they will be there .
It 's not like they can choose one and just move to the other . "
For this species , there are no one - night stands .
And Kiss Kiss can attest to just how picky female gibbons can be .
He was already rejected by a female he spent six months with .
In the five years since this project began , there have only been three successful couplings , between the 16 gibbons at the center .
So far no couples have been introduced back into the wild .
Not only do the primatologists have to get the pairs to mate , but they also have to teach them vital lessons about their diet .
For these gibbons that were snatched from the wild , nature can be poisonous .
This makes preserving those already there even more important .
Gibbons are a vital part of this already fragile ecosystem , crucial to seed distribution and the health of the ecosystem .
Supriatna warns that changing the balance of nature will cause disasters .
In the distance , as the afternoon rains start to roll in , we can hear the gibbon 's melodic song .
Supriatna 's picks out the male - female duet .
" Listen , the female [ is ] usually singing a little bit longer and louder . "
The haunting melody gets louder , but the gibbon pair it 's coming from is n't close enough for us to see .
But its easy to imagine them deftly swinging through the canopy .
And the realization sets in , that the gibbon song , like the nature we hear it in , risks being a thing of the past .
E-mail to a friend
All About Endangered Species • Java ( Island ) • Conservation International Foundation
BOSTON --
The Boston Red Sox jersey secretly buried under the new Yankee Stadium in a failed curse attempt sold Thursday for $ 175,100 in a charity auction .
A worker at the new Yankee Stadium pulls a David Ortiz jersey out of the concrete .
A Red Sox fan had placed the jersey in the concrete beneath the stadium in the hopes of jinxing the Yankees .
AP Photo / Frances Roberts
The bid from Kevin Meehan , the owner of Imperialcars.com in Mendon , Mass. , was the highest of 282 for the battered No. 34 David Ortiz jersey .
" I actually thought it was going to sell for more money , " said Meehan , who bid only in the final moments of the weeklong eBay auction that ended at 12:30 p.m .
" I have three young boys that I take to the games and they would have killed me if I did n't buy the shirt . "
The Yankees jackhammered the jersey out from under two feet of concrete earlier this month , then donated it to the Jimmy Fund , the Red Sox 's official charity that is affiliated with Boston 's Dana - Farber Cancer Institute .
Mike Andrews ,
The Jimmy Fund chairman and former Red Sox second baseman , said the charity was " absolutely thrilled . "
" We are grateful for the generous bid , and extend our deep gratitude to the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox for coming together again in the fight against cancer , " he said in a statement .
Meehan said he was eager to give to the Jimmy Fund because his father died of cancer and his stepfather has the disease .
" It 's personal , " he said .
" It 's a lot deeper than just the shirt . "
Meehan plans to eventually display the jersey from his favorite Red Sox player in one of his car dealerships .
He said he has no intention of selling it .
" It was just a win - win all the way around , " said Meehan , who also will receive a new Ortiz jersey , a Yankees T - shirt and two tickets to a Red Sox game where he will be presented with the unusual piece of sports memorabilia .
Construction worker Gino Castignoli , a Red Sox fan from the Bronx , dropped the jersey in wet concrete during construction of the new stadium , hoping to hex the Yankees .
The team found the jersey after receiving information from anonymous tipsters .
" As we said , what was intended to be a dastardly act has turned into something very beautiful , and we hope that these funds will play a small part in the fight against pediatric cancer , " the Yankees said in a statement .
Here then is a chart - fest for all of you , showing the balance between countries who expanded their production compared to the previous year and those whose production declined .
It 's pretty self explanatory , but note the difference between the strong growth years around 2004 and the very slight decline experienced in the last two years when the scales have been nearly ' balanced ' .
Charts are based on Energy Information Administration Crude Oil and Condensate data up to and including January 2008 .
The label " Other " includes Denmark , Ecuador , Columbia , Equatorial Guinea , Gabon , India , Syria , Vietnam , Yemen , Egypt and everything else not individually assessed by the EIA .
The 2002 -2008 charts have the same total range of 1000 kb/d except for 2003 ( although 2004 has a different mid-point ) .
Click to Enlarge
2002 Net Change : - 934 kb/d
Click to Enlarge
2003 Net Change : +2,279 kb/d
Click to Enlarge
2004 Net Change : +3,065 kb/d
Click to Enlarge
2005 Net Change : 1,294 kb/d
Click to Enlarge
2006 Net Change : - 267 kb/d
Click to Enlarge
2007 Net Change : - 264 kb/d
Now , with an enormous caveat that this is based on just one month of data , here is the production balance for the start of 2008 - what a difference compared to last year 's average !
Saudi Arabia , which was at the bottom of the class for 2007 , has jumped straight to pole position starting 2008 nearly 500 kb/d higher than its average for 2007 .
Meanwhile Russia , a top three performer in 2007 , has plummetted to second last although it does n't have much company in the ' declining ' category at this early stage .
Click to Enlarge
2008 Net Change ( one month average ) : +1,192 kb/d
To make sense of this story , we can break these countries into categories .
First the category of countries who have shown generally expanding production over the last five years :
Click to Enlarge
Russia has been the star performer in this group but its growth has slowed each year with the trend now taking it to the negative side of the balance sheet .
Once we lose Russia from this category , it will be that much harder for expanding countries to outweigh the declining countries .
However , Russia has substantial project capacity lined up for 2008 / 09 so substantial declines may yet be postponed ?
Qatar , Libya and Algeria also maintained their positive contributions , as I anticipated in a " Simple Oil Production Estimate for 2007 " here at TOD in March last year .
Brazil disappointed in 2007 , but we may finally see some of the fruit of their efforts this year so I expect to see it near the top of the table in twelve months time .
In return for its incredible ( and destructive ) toil , Canada continues to eke out small gains .
Kazakhstan and especially Azerbaijan continue to build capacity in the Caspian ' frontier ' .
NGL's and to a lesser extent ' Other Liquids ' are strong contributors to the Total Liquids picture but not of so much interest here .
Despite the individual uncertainties , in aggregate we can be reasonably confident that this group of countries could post a significant gain again in 2008 .
For the other side of the story , here are the countries which have generally been declining over the last five years :
Click to Enlarge
The usual suspects Mexico , Norway and the United Kingdom are here , although the UK managed a tiny gain in 2007 .
The United States are almost holding their own with recent projects and may do so again in 2008 .
Australia also has enough new projects to hold steady for awhile .
Oman , Indonesia , Malaysia and Argentina are all on a declining trend but not very significant on a global scale .
In total then , this picture of decline is less compelling than I expected .
The rest of the story comes from a group of very unpredictable countries :
Click to Enlarge
Since 2005 , Iraq has been almost the inverse of Nigeria - their respective volatility almost cancelling each other out .
The future prospects for these two are as uncertain as ever .
Iran , Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates have a similar pattern of earlier strength followed by declines in 2006 - 07 with increased production over the last few months .
Saudi Arabia is the real wildcard - it alone had the same impact as the previous three combined , but with a similar pattern - ostensibly all in line with their OPEC quotas .
We can then make reasonable predictions for the countries grouped in the expanding and declining categories .
The uncertainty ahead remains largely around Saudi Arabia , the combination of Iran , Kuwait , UAE and the impossible to predict Iraq / Nigeria combination .
As a separate mental exercise , we can look at the Megaproject capacity for each country over the same period :
Click to Enlarge
In the chart above for OPEC countries :
Angola 's production correlates very closely with it 's relentless production expansion over the last five years .
Iran , Qatar and the UAE may have enough on their books to support their production a little longer .
The cupboard looks bare for Algeria and Libya this year .
Saudi Arabia is a wildcard .
Khursaniyah due last year should eventually contribute this year .
Rumour has it that Khurais will be delayed at least as much , which would not be at all surprising for such a large project in any country .
Click to Enlarge
For the Non-OPEC countries :
While Brazil showed a solid gain in 2005 , its performance in 2007 was poor compared to the massive project capacity .
There have been several delays announced so perhaps we will see better things from Brazil this year ?
Russia has massive planned capacity additions for 2008 which may offset its trend into the declining category ?
Canada , Mexico and the U.S. all have big plans for 2008 .
China will not make a significant gain this year - it 's days in the expanding category are also numbered .
Finally , the OPEC vs Non-OPEC production picture tells a thousand words :
Click to Enlarge
As the energy agencies and other conservative commentators begin to comprehend a peak in Non-OPEC production in the next decade , it increasingly appears to be much closer than that , if not already behind us .
Apart from a last megaproject gasp in 2008 / 09 , Russia 's strong growth phase is over .
There are now not enough Non-OPEC producers on the positive side of the balance sheet and OPEC 's strategy seems to guarantee that outcome .
If OPEC continues to assimilate countries ( like Angola ) with expanding production then it is a given that Non-OPEC has passed peak .
Yet given the enormous production challenges Iran , Kuwait , United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia must be facing , you still have to be impressed that they have managed to increase production over the last few months - these are not incompetent and incapable national oil companies .
I believe they had to pull out all the stops and more to achieve this feat , and so they will take any opportunity to relax if demand softens as a U.S. recession unfolds .
It will not exactly be voluntarily reducing production , but they will probably call it that .
Given where we are starting 2008 and the Megaprojects due onstream , there is one plausible scenario where production this year exceeds last year 's average .
But whether you look at production in Nigeria , Iraq , Iran or Saudi Arabia ( or demand in the U.S. ) there is plenty of downside potential .
This article is available as a PDF and you can Contact the Author .
February 23 , 2007 — jao
When i use Firefox , there ’s nothing more annoying than editing a textarea .
On a Mac , one has at least some Emacs - like shortcuts .
Incomprehensibly , on GTK + 2.0 Emacs shortcuts are no longer the default , and one has to put something like
include " /usr/share/themes/Emacs/gtk-2.0-key/gtkrc
"
in ~/.gtkrc - 2.0 to restore a minimum of sanity .
But still , what i really want is to edit those textareas using the real thing .
I just stumbled upon the answer to my prayers :
It ’s All Text ! is a Firefox add - on that provides an edit button on any text box .
You click on it and , the first time , you ’re asked for your editor of choice .
As you ’ll notice , the default option is wrong .
Change it by /usr / bin / emacsclient ( Emacs 21 users may use gnuclient instead ) , and do n’t forget to start the Emacs server with ( server - start ) somewhere in your initialisation file .
Better , no ?
Update :
Well , things can be even better , as pointed out by Victor below .
The Mozex extension lets you not only edit textareas , but also assign shortcuts , view sources or choose the editor for mailto URLs .
For some reason , using just emacsclient -e '( compose - mail " %a " " %s " ) ' did n’t work for me , so i’ve created a simple shell script , gnumail :
#!/bin/sh exec emacsclient -e " ( compose - mail \ " $ 1 \ " \ " $ 2 \ " ) "
and told Mozex to use it .
Do n’t forget to set the variable mail - user - agent to something reasonable ( for instance , since i use Gnus , i’ve got ( setq mail - user - agent ' gnus- user - agent ) in my configuration files ) .
Thanks , Victor !
75 - Year - Old Woman Takes Hammer to Comcast Office ' What the hell , I 'm 75 ! ' says woman ... 75 - year - old Mona Shaw was angry after constant delays and broken promises derailed her Comcast Triple Play installation .
Her solution ?
The woman took a hammer to a local payment center ( via ) and smashed a support rep 's keyboard , monitor and telephone .
" Have I got your attention now ? " asked the woman , who was arrested for disorderly conduct after her not so Comcastic experience .
quote : " I smashed a keyboard , knocked over a monitor ... and I went to hit the telephone , " Mona said .
" I figured , ' Hey my telephone is screwed up , so is yours . ' " . . .
" It 's totally not like me to do stuff like this , " she said .
" But it is so irresponsible and so disrespectful [ what they did ] .
I can't think of any company reacting that way .
It 's like they got you in their clutches and they 'll do what they damn well please . "
Comcast issued a statement saying " We recognize that there is room for improvement and that even one bad customer experience is one too many . "
Comcast 's suggestion here is that this woman 's level of frustration is an isolated incident , when that 's clearly supposed to be working to resolve .
Shaw 's problems with Comcast started when she wanted to upgrade her service .
After missing an all - day service appointment , Comcast showed up two days later but left the job unfinished and the family unable to make outgoing calls .
After several calls , a visit to Comcast and complaints to the local regulators , their service stopped working altogether .
So Mona took a trip : Comcast issued a statement sayingComcast 's suggestion here is that this woman 's level of frustration is an isolated incident , when that 's clearly not the case .
Missed all day appointments in particular are a nasty sticking point Comcast wasto be working to resolve .
News Jump Stark New Reality In The Telco Business : Dumb Pipes No Longer Cut It ; AT&T Unveils Mix and Match Plans ; + more news AT&T Extends Overage Charge Waiver ; Verizon And T - Mobile Each Insist Their 5G Strategy Is The Right One ; + more news War Of Words Heats Up : T - Mobile Fires Back At Verizon , AT&T ; Amazon Intros Gaming Service To Take On Stadia ; + more news Starlink 's Network Faces Huge Limitations ; AT&T Whines T - Mobile Merger Put Too Much Spectrum In One Place ; + more news WISPs Get CBRS Range As Great As Six Miles At 100 Mbps Speeds ; Windstream Officially Exits Bankruptcy ; + more news Charter Relaunches Free 60 - day Internet And Wi-Fi Offer ; NCTA : FCC Should Stick With 25/3 Speed Threshold ; + more news Comcast Shuts Off Internet for Subs Who Were Sold Service Illegally ; AT&T , Verizon Team To Stop T - Mobile 5G ; + more news California Defends Its Net Neutrality Law ; AT&T's Traffic Up 20 % Despite Data Traffic Actually Being Down ; + more news Are The Comcast - Charter X1 Talks Dead In The Water ? ; AT&T May Offer Phone Plans With Ads For Discounts ; + more news Europe 's Top Court : Net Neutrality Rules Bar Zero Rating ; ViacomCBS To Rebrand CBS All Access As Paramount + ; + more news
----------------------
this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 195 comments
caco
Premium Member
join:2005-03-10
Whittier , AK 3 recommendations caco Premium Member
Throw her ass in jail !
So lets encourage everybody that has a service issue to get a hammer and go Thor on some equipment .
Crazy hag !
burgerwars
join:2004-09-11
Northridge , CA 2 recommendations burgerwars Member Double Standard Since she 's a 75 year old woman , she 's smiling for the cameras and being treated like a hero .
I bet if I went into my local Time Warner office and started swinging a hammer around , saying I was " mad as hell " because my service was n't connected , I would still be sitting in jail , and would be no hero .
I do n't know about her community , but where I am , the LAPD would probably have been called with the SWAT team surrounding the building to arrest a madman .
N3OGH
Yo Soy Col . " Bat " Guano
Premium Member
join:2003-11-11
Philly burbs 2 recommendations N3OGH Premium Member Crazy broad ....
This nut should be locked up .
Sorry folks , but this is n't how people in civilized society are supposed to act .
Can you imagine the example this woman is setting for her grandchildren ?
If things do n't go your way , grab a hammer , and smash shit .
It 's totally absurd !
Frankly , the people working at the Comcast office should have called the cops .
They should have tazered her crazy ass , and she should have been committed for a psychological evaluation .
I can hear it now ..
Do n't taze me BRO Sonny .
OW ! ow ! ow ! ow !
Sorry , old age is n't an excuse to behave like a madman .
If I would 've done the same thing , I guarantee you my ass would be in handcuffs ....
According to Lee Kats , associate provost for research and chair of natural science at Pepperdine , ' the production company paid for the use of the facility just as all other companies do that film on our campus ' but that ' the company was nervous that they would not have enough people in the audience so they brought in extras .
Members of the audience had to sign in and a staff member reports that no more than two to three Pepperdine students were in attendance .
Mr. Stein 's lecture on that topic was not an event sponsored by the university . '
Expelled trots out some of the people whom it claims have been persecuted .
First among them is Robert Sternberg , former editor of the peer - reviewed Proceedings of the Biological Society of Washington , who published an article on ID by Stephen C. Meyer of the Discovery Institute .
Sternberg tells
Stein that he subsequently lost his editorship , his old position at the Smithsonian Institution 's National Museum of Natural History and his original office .
What most viewers of Expelled may not realize — because the film does n't even hint at it — is that Sternberg 's case is not quite what it sounds .
Biologists criticized Sternberg 's choice to publish the paper not only because it supported ID but also because Sternberg approved it by himself rather than sending it out for independent expert review .
He did n't lose his editorship ; he published the paper in what was already scheduled to be his last issue as editor .
He did n't lose his job at the Smithsonian ; his appointment there as an unpaid research associate had a limited term , and when it was over he was given a new one .
His office move was scheduled before the paper ever appeared .
[ For more details see Ben Stein Launches a Science - free Attack on Darwin by Michael Shermer . ]
Stein 's case for conspiracy centers on a journal article written by Stephen Meyer , a senior fellow at the intelligent design think tank Discovery Institute and professor at the theologically conservative Christian Palm Beach Atlantic University .
Meyer 's article , ' The Origin of Biological Information and the Higher Taxonomic Categories , ' was published in the June 2004 Proceedings of the Biological Society of Washington , the voice of the Biological Society with a circulation of less than 300 people .
In other words , from the get - go this was much ado about nothing .
Nevertheless , some members of the organization voiced their displeasure , so the society 's governing council released a statement explaining , ' Contrary to typical editorial practices , the paper was published without review by any associate editor ; Sternberg handled the entire review process .
The council , which includes officers , elected councilors and past presidents , and the associate editors would have deemed the paper inappropriate for the pages of the Proceedings . '
So how did it get published ?
In the words of journal 's managing editor at the time , Richard Sternberg , 'it was my prerogative to choose the editor who would work directly on the paper , and as I was best qualified among the editors , I chose myself . '
And what qualified Sternberg to choose himself ?
Perhaps it was his position as a fellow of the International Society for Complexity , Information , and Design , which promotes intelligent design , along with being on the editorial board of the Occasional Papers of the Baraminology Study Group , a creationism journal committed to the literal interpretation of Genesis .
Or perhaps it was the fact that he is a signatory of the Discovery Institute 's ' 100 Scientists who Doubt Darwinism ' statement .
Meyer 's article is the first intelligent design paper ever published in a peer - reviewed journal , but it deals less with systematics ( or taxonomy , Sternberg 's specialty ) than it does paleontology , for which many members of the society would have been better qualified than he to peer - review the paper .
( In fact , at least three members were experts on the Cambrian invertebrates discussed in Meyer 's paper ) .
Meyer claims that the ' Cambrian explosion ' of complex hard - bodied life forms over 500 million years ago could not have come about through Darwinian gradualism .
The fact that geologists call it an ' explosion ' leads creationists to glom onto the word as a synonym for ' sudden creation . '
After four billion years of an empty Earth , God reached down from the heavens and willed trilobites into existence ex nihilo .
In reality , according to paleontologist Donald Prothero , in his 2007 magisterial book Evolution : What the Fossils Say and Why it Matters ( Columbia University Press ) :
' The major groups of invertebrate fossils do not all appear suddenly at the base of the Cambrian but are spaced out over strata spanning 80 million years — hardly an instantaneous ' explosion ' !
Some groups appear tens of millions of years earlier than others .
And preceding the Cambrian explosion was a long slow buildup to the first appearance of typical Cambrian shelled invertebrates . '
If an intelligent designer did create the Cambrian life forms , it took 80 million years of gradual evolution to do it .
Stein , however , is uninterested in paleontology , or any other science for that matter .
His focus is on what happened to Sternberg , who is portrayed in the film as a martyr to the cause of free speech .
' As a result of publishing the Meyer article , ' Stein intones in his inimitably droll voice , ' Dr. Sternberg found himself the object of a massive campaign that smeared his reputation and came close to destroying his career . '
According to Sternberg , ' after the publication of the Meyer article the climate changed from being chilly to being outright hostile .
Shunned , yes , and discredited . '
As a result , Sternberg filed a claim against the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History ( NMNH ) for being ' targeted for retaliation and harassment ' for his religious beliefs .
' I was viewed as an intellectual terrorist , ' he tells Stein .
In August 2005 his claim was rejected .
According to Jonathan Coddington , his supervisor at the NMNH , Sternberg was not discriminated against , was never dismissed , and in fact was not even a paid employee , but just an unpaid research associate who had completed his three - year term !
The rest of the martyrdom stories in Expelled have similar , albeit less menacing explanations , detailed at www.expelledexposed.com, where physical anthropologist Eugenie Scott and her tireless crew at the National Center for Science Education have tracked down the specifics of each case .
Astronomer Guillermo Gonzalez , for example , did not get tenure at Iowa State University in Ames and is portrayed in the film as sacrificed on the alter of tenure denial because of his authorship of a pro–intelligent design book entitled The Privileged Planet ( Regnery Publishing , 2004 ) .
As Scott told me , ' Tenure is based on the evaluation of academic performance at one 's current institution for the previous seven years . '
Although Gonzales was apparently a productive scientist before he moved to Iowa State , Scott says that ' while there , his publication record tanked , he brought in only a couple of grants — one of which was from the [ John ] Templeton Foundation to write The Privileged Planet — did n't have very many graduate students , and those he had never completed their degrees .
Lots of people do n't get tenure , for the same legitimate reasons that Gonzalez did n't get tenure . '
Tenure in any department is serious business , because it means , essentially , employment for life .
Tenure decisions for astronomers are based on the number and quality of scientific papers published , the prestige of the journal in which they are published , the number of grants funded ( universities are ranked , in part , by the grant - productivity of their faculties ) , the number of graduate students who completed their program , the amount of telescope time allocated as well as the trends in each of these categories , indicating whether or not the candidate shows potential for continued productivity .
In point of fact , according to Gregory Geoffroy , president of Iowa State , ' Over the past 10 years , four of the 12 candidates who came up for review in the physics and astronomy department were not granted tenure . '
Gonzales was one of them , and for good reasons , despite Stein 's claim of his ' stellar academic record . '
The most deplorable dishonesty of Expelled , however , is that it says evolution was one influence on the Holocaust without acknowledging any of the other major ones for context .
Rankings of races and ethnic groups into a hierarchy long preceded Darwin and the theory of evolution , and were usually tied to the Christian philosophical notion of a ' great chain of being . '
The economic ruin of the Weimar Republic left many Germans itching to find someone to blame for their misfortune , and the Jews and other ethnic groups were convenient scapegoats .
The roots of European anti-Semitism go back to the end of the Roman Empire .
Organized attacks and local exterminations of the Jews were perpetrated during the Crusades and the Black Plague .
The Russian empire committed many attacks on the Jews in the 19th and early 20th century , giving rise to the word ' pogrom . '
Profound anti-Semitism even pollutes the works of the father of the Protestant Reformation , Martin Luther , who reviled them in On the Jews and Their Lies and wrote , ' We are at fault in not slaying them . '
I do n't think Protestantism is accountable for the Holocaust , either , but the focus on ' the Jews ' as scapegoats , and the added idea that their ' bad non-Aryan blood ' had to be eliminated by killing them , were not Darwin 's ideas .
The weakness of the logic of Expelled is beside the point , however .
No one who is familiar with the evidence for evolution is likely to leave the theater shaken .
Some people with looser understandings of the science or the legal issues might buy into its arguments about ' fairness ' and protecting religion against science .
Expelled is nonetheless mostly a film for ID creationism 's religious base .
That audience has seen one setback after the next in recent years , with science rejecting ID as useless and the courts rebuffing it as for a constitutional violation in public education .
For them , Expelled is a rallying point to revive their morale .
, opens with Ben Stein addressing a packed audience of adoring students at Pepperdine University .
The biology professors at Pepperdine assure me that their mostly Christian students fully accept the theory of evolution .
So who were these people embracing Stein 's screed against science ?
Extras .
In a bid to save costs and stem a rising tide of medical waste , hospitals are recycling a growing number of medical devices labeled as single - use , from scissors and scrubs to the sharp blades surgeons use to saw through bones .
Recycling medical devices labeled for single use is legal as long as certain Food and Drug Administration guidelines are followed .
But the practice , which involves shipping devices to reprocessing facilities to be cleaned , sterilized and tested for reuse , has raised concerns about safety .
Medical device ...
Three things have been said recently that have all really got on my wick .
Since one of the benefits of being a writer is that it enables me to get things off my wick : here they are .
Along with our economy is resilient and the fundamentals strong , ' Gordon Brown has been assuring us that his government will continue to take whatever action is necessary to maintain economic stability . '
I see in my mind 's eye a cartoon in which Brown is standing on the bridge of the Titanic , and as it sinks beneath the waves , he is saying I will do whatever is necessary to maintain the stability of this ship . '
If my knowledge of the English language is correct you can only maintain something in its existing condition .
In other words to maintain the present state of the economy would mean a continuation of its steady decline .
Otherwise Gordon Brown should have used a verb like achieve ' or perhaps retrieve ' .
Of course the use of either of these would imply an admission that stability ' does not accurately describe the state of the economy .
Stability ' is the latest buzz - word .
Not so long ago it was change . '
Let the work of change begin ! ' said Gordon as he took office .
I do n't think that the sentence actually makes any sense at all .
As the saying goes , change is constant . '
You do not have to work to achieve change .
You can work to try to ensure that inevitable change is change for the better .
Perhaps that is what Gordon meant .
When our political leaders cannot even use their native language correctly , I start to despair .
Flighty self - interest
Now on to business big-wig Sir Nigel Rudd , who in his capacity as chairman of BAA made the following case for a third runway at Heathrow .
We have to compete in the world .
I mean , the nation has to decide whether we want to be a world class nation or a second class nation . '
This particular example of competing in the world involves making it possible for even more people to pass through the already overcrowded south of England , just so that BAA and its Spanish owners can make lots more money .
My definition of a world - class nation would be rather different .
It would include respect for science and the arts ; it would be a nation in which children do what their teachers tell them to do ; it would be nation where trains run on time ; it would be a nation in which so - called celebrities set an example of sobriety , loyalty and selflessness .
It would not be defined by putting the interests of the business lobby before those of the environment and of the residents of west London .
A fairytale in Woods Finally I come to hedge fund manager Jonathan Wood , who has lost a packet of other people 's money in a reckless gamble on Northern Rock .
He described the nationalization of Northern Rock as a very sad day for the stock market , banking industry and the reputation of the UK as a financial centre . '
I wonder exactly what he thinks is the reputation of the UK as a financial centre ?
Update :
If you were amazed by this , do n't miss the hilarious spoof .
It 's even better .
Boston Dynamics keeps working on their BigDog quadruped robot , which will probably grow to be the future AT - AT of the Pentagon .
Its evolution since the last time we saw it is nothing sort of mindblowing , and a bit spooky .
Advertisement
Video of BigDog Beta Quadruped Robot Is So Stupid It 's Hilarious
If you thought Humanity was damned after watching the latest BigDog quadruped robot , prepare to …
Read more
It looks like an actual biological quadruped .
Seeing it climb through rubble , snow , jumping over obstacles like a wild goat , and saving a near - fall on iced ground at the last second ( fast forward to the middle of the video ) defies belief .
It feels so " animal " that I almost feel bad when they hit it to demonstrate how it regains balance on its own .
Advertisement
The new version of the robot can now carry 340 pounds , which is almost triple the previous weight .
It looks to me that that $ 10 million funding they got from Darpa has been put to good use .
[ IEEE ]
Several hundred people , among them well - known French philosopher Bernard - Henri Levy and former French Socialist presidential candidate Segolene Royal , gathered in Paris on Sunday , Feb. 10 , to support for Hirsi Ali .
The 38 - year - old wants French citizenship and the financial help paying for her security costs that would come with it .
" I hope that the initiative of the French intellectuals will be honored and that my security problems will be resolved and for that to happen I have to have French nationality , " Hirsi Ali told the AFP news agency .
Somali - born Hirsi Ali has been under police protection since
Theo van Gogh , a Dutch filmmaker , was killed by an Islamic extremist in 2004 for his film " Submission . "
Hirsi
Ali wrote the script for the film , which graphically portrays the lives of Muslim women who had been abused in the name of Islam .
Transformation to secularist
France and the EU could offer help
Hirsi Ali was born into an orthodox Muslim family in Somalia in 1969 .
She underwent female circumcision at the age of five and was later exiled along with the rest of her family to Kenya .
She fled to the Netherlands in 1992 to escape an arranged marriage .
Five years after obtaining political asylum , she became a Dutch citizen , broke with Islam and joined the center - right VVD party in 2002 .
She has since become an outspoken secularist and defender of Muslim women 's rights , publishing the autobiography " Infidel " in 2006 .
Hirsi Ali has made controversial statements such as likening Islam to fascism and calling the Prophet Mohammed a " pervert " and a " tyrant . "
Hirsi Ali said she wants to convince Muslims that " the principles of liberal democracy , that the principles of freedom are far more precious than the principles of Islam . "
" Islam is not compatible with democracy , but Muslims can live in a democracy , " Hirsi Ali told AFP .
Calls for international protection
The murder of filmmaker Theo Van Gogh shocked Holland
Hirsi Ali works for the conservative American Enterprise Institute in Washington , D.C.
She moved to the United States in May 2006 after a scandal broke out in the Netherlands over her admission that she lied about her age and name when requesting Dutch asylum .
Hirsi Ali , who does not receive Dutch support for her protection when she travels outside the country , suggested that a European fund could be established " to protect people like me whose lives are threatened in the name of Islam . "
The idea of a European protection fund has found some powerful supporters in France , among them President Nicolas Sarkozy .
At Sunday 's gathering , Rama Yade , France 's junior minister for human rights , read a message of support from Sarkozy to use his presidency of the European Union in the second half of 2008 to push for such a fund to " ensure the protection of people under threat . "
Another top French official , Valerie Letard , secretary of state responsible for the protection of women , said she supported Hirsi Ali being given honorary French citizenship .
Later this week , Hirsi Ali will travel to Brussels where a group of EU deputies are trying to convince their colleagues to secure funding for her protection .
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n’t like to give in easily .
When he is not writing or speaking at a conference , he ’s most probably running … More about Vitaly Friedman …
( Really ) Stunning Pictures and Photos
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Photography is a very powerful medium and a very difficult craft .
Excellent photos do n’t only display some facts — they tell stories , awake feelings and manage to share with the audience the emotions a photographer experienced when clicking the shot button .
Taking excellent pictures is damn hard as you need to find a perfect perspective and consider the perfect timing .
To achieve brilliant photography you need practice and patience .
However , it is worth it : the results can be truly stunning .
Photography is a very powerful medium and a very difficult craft .
Excellent photos do n’t only display some facts — they tell stories , awake feelings and manage to share with the audience the emotions a photographer experienced when clicking the shot button .
Taking great pictures is damn hard as you need to find a perfect perspective and consider the perfect timing .
To achieve brilliant photography you need practice and patience .
However , it is worth it : the results can be truly stunning .
Below you ’ll find 50 brilliant photos and great pictures — some pictures tell stories , some are incredibly beautiful , some are funny and some are very sad .
All pictures are copyright of their respective owners .
Please explore the further work of the photographers by browsing through their work .
We ’ve tried to cover different themes so that everybody will find something interesting and spectacular for himself / herself .
All screenshots are linked und lead to the pages from which they ’ve been taken .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Great Pictures and Photos
Water and a Girl Beautiful composition , excellent scenery , amazing play of colors .
The Ball is Coming !
Analogue shot with Seagull 6x6 ( Chinese clone of Rolleiflex ) , made in 1983 .
“ The gulfball is suspended on a fishing line in front of the camera .
It was a stormy day .
So I had to shoot 5 or 6 films for getting one image with the ball in the center position AND a light reflection on the golf club . ”
Sky
The sky is reflected in a drop of water .
Beautiful scenery .
Returning to the same ocean Beautiful sand textures , beautiful composition and somehow a very sad story hidden behind the image .
Tree A colorful tree from a different perspective .
Gizmo
How adorable is that ?
Glittery Ball
“ The reflection in this water droplet , it looks like the glitter is stuck to the water , but NO , it is reflections from the glitter on the feather . ”
Leap of Faith
What does being one step away from falling into the abyss feel like ?
The photo is taken by Paul Perton .
Astronaut Self - shot Over Earth
Could this be the best self - shot ever ?
It ’s truly out of this world .
Autumn in red Pure beauty .
No words are necessary .
FlickrMeeting - Genova - G3
Blue baloon , a small detail , gives the picture an incredible power .
Sea in the sea Incredible scenery .
Apparently , the shot was made on the boat in the middle of the sea .
If I was an old building …
“ If I was an old building I would want to be by the ocean .
Till ’ the end of times ” .
Photographed at the old fishing piers of the Texas Bolivar Peninsula .
Bee the Cat “ It ’s hard to get the right exposure , with them being white , and with the fact they do n’t stay still unless they ’re sleeping . ”
Glow Smoke from a leaf pile .
Swimming pool Taking a look at the swimming pool .
From a quite different perspective .
Reflect A reflection from the louvre ’s pyramid .
Seagull on a sign
This seagull seems to have its own personal understanding of human ’s rules .
Marshmellow girl A beautiful composition .
Refashioned Dahlia Photo taken at Duncan Garden in Spokane , WA .
Bird and Meat
Water drop A photo taken at the exact right time .
Available as a desktop wallpaper in various resolutions .
Mt. Fuji
Two ways at looking at a fish
Blessed fog A shot of Grande Madre di Dio in Torino , Italy .
Family of bugs
Pigeon Point Lighthouse
“ Once per year at the Pigeon Point Lighthouse they shut down the weak insipid modern ( presumably electric ) light and switch over the the 5 kerosene lamps and fresnel lens of the original , as it was 135 years ago . ”
Fire Shot Location : Changa Beach , Coquimbo .
A conversation Fox , bird and snow .
This picture is titled “ Good afternoon , my name is chikiricuatro ” .
Shanghai - Acrobatic Picture taken during an acrobatic show in a Shanghainese theatre .
Northern lights as seen from space
Crystal clarity
Skier ’s Paradise “ Climbing partner at 17,000 ’ on Denali carrying his skis down to around 16,200 ’ where he will be able to ski down the rest of the way to base camp at 7200 ’ . ”
Bird and Water
Photograph Taken at the Exact Right Time
All alone .
This shot is taken on a Norway ’s cliff Prekestolen ( also known as Preacher ’s Pulpit ) .
Looking out of the window
Above the clouds
The shot taken during the flight from Vienna to Frankfurt , approaching Frankfurt .
The Waves
The Waves .
One more time .
Cockfight Taken by Jan Sochor .
Polar lights Öxarárfoss in Iceland - Aurora Borealis taken by Arnar Valdimarsson .
Concentration
Cat and deer
Here floats a bubble in the air …
A girl portrait
All of us break the rules from time to time -- even crystals .
" There are all sorts of rules about what crystals can do during phase transitions , " said Mark D. Hollingsworth , associate professor of chemistry at Kansas State University .
" For a long time , scientists have assumed that the norm applied for all sorts of substances .
But aperiodic materials -- those that lack a regularly repeating structure -- do n't necessarily work like this , Hollingsworth said .
These aperiodic , rule - bending crystals are the focus of an article co-authored by Hollingsworth that appears in the Jan. 4 issue of the journal Science .
Building on results from Hollingsworth 's collaborator , French researcher Bertrand Toudic , Hollingsworth , Toudic and their co-authors looked at how these aperiodic crystals behave differently from " normal " periodic crystals .
These differences could have implications not only for research but also for technology that relies on crystals , from computer displays to hard drives , Hollingsworth said .
For the research featured in the Science article , Hollingsworth and colleagues looked at crystals that form a host - guest structure .
In this case , urea molecules formed tunnels around nonadecane molecules , making a honeycomb - like structure that takes the form of a double - helix -- the shape of DNA .
In periodic host - guest crystals , Hollingsworth said the host molecules forming the tunnels and the guest molecules inside form a regularly repeating structure .
But not so with the rule - breaking aperiodic crystals .
" Sometimes the host and guest fit nicely , sometimes they don't , " Hollingsworth said .
" This can have a huge effect on all sorts of properties .
During crystal growth , for example , periodic and aperiodic host - guest crystals can behave very differently . "
In aperiodic crystals , in which the host and guest structures do n't match , the guest molecules protrude from the ends of the crystals , making the surface rough .
This means it 's easier to attach new molecules to the end of the crystal .
Such crystals , including the ones featured in the Science article , are shaped like long needles .
advertisement
But it really gets weird when the crystals undergo transitions from one phase to another .
" Bertrand and I have been talking about this for years , trying to find out what 's going on in this system , " Hollingsworth said .
" The idea of studying these systems is to better understand how phase transitions work in aperiodic materials . "
To find out what 's going on in the phase transitions , the researchers observed the crystals at different temperatures above the phase transition , when the guest molecules are moving rapidly inside their tunnel - like hosts , and also at extremely cold temperatures as molecules are becoming frozen in place .
To probe the crystals , the researchers scattered neutrons from them and measured different types of reflections .
One class of reflections , called satellite reflections , measures the interaction between the guest and host molecules .
The researchers were surprised by what happened when the crystal was cooled to about - 190 degrees Fahrenheit .
The satellite reflections showed a change in the interaction between the host and guest structures but no noticeable changes in either the host or guest structures themselves .
" Previously , we thought these materials had homogenous phase transitions and that the normal rules concerning symmetry breaking applied to them , " Hollingsworth said .
" I do n't think anyone would have predicted what happens in this phase transition . "
Because these aperiodic materials do n't play by the same rules , Hollingsworth said the impact on research is that scientists need to figure out what rules these aperiodic crystals are playing by in phase transitions .
In addition to affecting research , these different rules also could have impacts on technology , he said .
Crystals like the ones featured in the Science article are ferroelastic .
That means that the molecules within the crystals reorient when the crystals are squeezed .
The researchers can do this with a small anvil and observe the rotations of large domains in the crystals by viewing the crystal under a microscope .
Closely related ferroelectric materials are important to technology because the domains within these materials can be reoriented with electric fields to allow or prohibit polarized light to pass through .
This makes them useful in electronic displays .
" The question is whether these phases that we have observed will have unusual properties that are useful , " he said .
As research on aperiodic crystals continues , Hollingsworth said that researchers expect this same unusual phase transition behavior in materials other than the urea - nonadecane crystals used in this study .
The last few weeks have been a roller coaster of emotions for me .
I 'm sad , I 'm angry , I 'm happy , I 'm anxious .
At the end of the day , I 'm physically and mentally exhausted from the whirling dervish that seems to have taken over my head .
Why do we have emotions ?
Would n't it better to have the heart and soul of a lizard and feel nothing at all ?
It 's easy to understand why we have good emotions .
Happy people live happy lives and make for happy mates .
Presumably , all that happiness translates into passing on genes .
Other positive emotions such as love and attachment are , in fact , essential for bringing up children , those little packets of genes .
Harder to explain are the " bad " emotions such as fear , anxiety , anger and hate .
Why would evolution fill our heads with such negativity ?
It may be that emotionality comes as an all - inclusive package and so you have to take the good with the bad ; with love comes its evil twin hate , with happiness comes the flip side of sadness .
But evolutionary psychiatrist Randolph Nesse of the University of Michigan thinks that individual emotions are actually adaptations selected by evolution to help us cope with specific situations .
Nesse calls emotions " the mind 's software . "
Faced with a sad situation , the mind brings up the sadness program to cope , and when the situation brightens , the mind get into the happiness loop .
For Nesse , it 's not so much about the specific emotions , as the situations , because many emotions have similar cognitive , psychological and physiological effects .
Faced with a situation , our feelings ratchet up and any number of emotions can , for example , put the body on alert , shut it down , change thinking patterns or motivate behavior .
What matters is not so much the name of some emotions as what the mind and body does with it .
The bottom line is that over evolutionary time , those emotions that have been useful in keeping people alive , compelling them to mate and bring up offspring , and so they have been have been hammered into our brains , even if we do n’t like them .
And since humans are fundamentally social animals , Nesse also points out that we have specific social emotions that are also deeply embedded in human nature .
We are animals that , in the deepest sense , rely on others for survival .
And so we do n't just have personal emotions , we have ones that ensnare us with the actions and emotions of others .
" If you go ahead and do something that makes the other person angry , you are likely to feel guilty , " writes Nesse .
That 's why we are able to trust others ( the good part ) and feel betrayed ( the bad part ) , and here , too , we apparently have to take the good with the bad .
Fact is , without these complex social emotions that involve others , we'd be stuck back in the forest , living alone in the trees .
Nesse 's point is that all emotions are " good , " at least in the evolutionary sense .
They are there to help us , and they bring hope .
Even in the depth of sadness , we always know that the opposite feeling of happiness might bubble up .
And how would we recognize the happy part without experiencing the sad part ?
Meredith F. Small is an anthropologist at Cornell University .
She is also the author of " Our Babies , Ourselves ; How Biology and Culture Shape the Way We Parent " ( link ) and " The Culture of Our Discontent ; Beyond the Medical Model of Mental Illness " ( link ) .
Dozens of Ontario police and code enforcement officers descended upon the homeless encampment known as Tent City early Monday , separating those who could stay from those to be evicted .
Large , often confused , crowds formed ragged lines behind police barricades where officers handed out color - coded wristbands .
Blue meant they were from Ontario and could remain .
Orange indicated they had to provide more proof to avoid ejection , and white meant they had a week to leave .
Many who had taken shelter at the camp -- which had grown from 20 to more than 400 residents in nine months -- lacked paperwork , bills or birth certificates proving they were once Ontario residents .
“ When my husband gets out of jail he can bring my marriage certificate ; will that count ? ” asked one tearful woman .
Another resident , clearly confused , seemed relieved to get a white band -- not understanding it meant she had to leave .
Pattie Barnes , 47 , who had her motor home towed away last week , shook with anger .
“ They are tagging us because we are homeless , ” she said , staring at her orange wristband .
“ It feels like a concentration camp . ”
Ontario officials , citing health and safety issues , say it is necessary to thin out Tent City .
The move to dramatically reduce the population curtails an experiment begun last year to provide a city - approved camp where homeless people would not be harassed .
Land that includes tents , toilets and water had been set aside near Ontario International Airport for the homeless .
Officials intended to limit the camp and its amenities to local homeless people , but did little to enforce that as the site rapidly expanded , attracting people from as far away as Florida .
“ We have to be sensitive , and we will give people time to locate documents , ” said Brent Schultz , the city ’s housing and neighborhood revitalization director .
“ But we have always said this was for Ontario ’s homeless and not the region ’s homeless .
We ca n’t take care of the whole area . ”
Officials believe the local homeless number about 140 , less than half of those currently in residence .
Schultz wants to reduce Tent City to 170 people in a regulated , fenced - off area rather than the sprawling open - air campsite it has become .
No other city has offered to take in any of the homeless who Ontario officials say must leave .
“ So far I have heard nothing , ” Schultz said .
Even before the large - scale action Monday , police last week moved out parolees and towed about 20 dilapidated motor homes .
A list of safety rules , including one banning pets , has been posted .
The city says there is a threat of dog bites and possible disease from the animals .
The no-pet order caused widespread anger and tears Monday as some homeless people said they could not imagine life without their dogs .
Many have three or four and vowed to leave Tent City before giving the dogs up .
“ I will go to jail before they take my dog , ” said an emotional Diane Ritchey , 47 .
“ That ’s a part of me as much as anything .
The dogs are as homeless as we are . ”
Cindy Duke , 40 , hugged Ritchey , who was sobbing .
“ I had to give up my 6 - year - old son because I was homeless and I ’ll be damned if I give up my dog too , ” Duke said .
Celeste Trettin , 53 , rolled up in a wheelchair .
She and her husband have an Ontario address but have lived for years in a truck , parking wherever they found a safe place .
Trettin , who got an orange wristband , said she believed she would be able to find the paperwork to prove she was from Ontario .
“ We thought if we came here we could save some money , but now they have pulled the rug out from under us , ” said Trettin , who has fibromyalgia , a painful disorder .
Marty Tovar took it all in stride .
The 53 - year old Mentone man had fresh bumps and cuts on his face after being on the receiving end of a recent assault .
He did n’t seem to care if he had to leave .
“ It does n’t anger me ; it angers a lot of other people here but not me , ” he said , wearing no shirt under his blue overalls .
“ If I got to go I ’ll just catch the next bus to the next town .
Every town has a park . ”
Still , by noon only one man had taken up an offer of free taxi rides back to their home cities , returning the 50 miles to Victorville , said Det. Jeff Higbee , spokesman for the Ontario police .
“ By next Monday we should have everyone who is supposed to be gone out of here , ” Higbee said .
“ The wristbands are only temporary so we can identify everyone . ”
As the local homeless people were separated from the others , city workers were busy setting up fencing for the new encampment .
Those who are approved will get 90 - day renewable permits to stay .
Peter Bibring , staff attorney with the America Civil Liberties Union of Southern California , toured Tent City and spoke with local officials .
“ We are concerned that however they go about trying to reduce this population they do n’t depend on arrests or property seizures for people who have no other place to go and are just looking for a place to sleep , ” he said .
“ We will continue to monitor the situation . ”
Although no one at the camp seemed happy about efforts to shrink Tent City , some tried to see Ontario ’s point of view .
Tina Gove , 39 , was evicted from her Pomona home and has been at the encampment for three months .
Like many others in Tent City , her life has been marked by drug problems and mental illness .
Her four children , she said , were taken from her because of a past methamphetamine addiction .
“ If they throw me out I ’ll be back on the street , and I do n’t want to be back on the street because it ’s scary , ” she said .
“ But I think we should all be grateful because if Ontario had n’t opened this place for us , where would we be today ? ”
david.kelly@latimes.com
Trafo und Transformatoren bietet Agentur Trafo - Umwelt an .
Tel : ++49(0 ) 30 825 20 93 Kontaktieren
Sie uns !
Fax :++49(0 ) 30 825 98 42 Trafodefekt , dann Hotline ++49(0) 171 36 789 46 ACHTUNG – folgende Leistungen können wir sofort ab Januar 2020 anbieten : Wir führen Trafo - Messungen an Öl - und Gießharz - Transformatoren durch .
- Isolationsmessung - Widerstandsmessung - Übersetzungsmessung
Für diese Messungen verwenden wir Geräte der Firma Megger !
Bei Interesse können
Sie uns gern ansprechen .
info@trafo-umwelt.de Mobil : www.mobile.trafo-umwelt.de
Die Agentur Trafo Umwelt verkauft und kauft Trafo und Transformatoren von ABB® , SGB® , CG - Pauwels® , SIEMENS ® , Rauscher - Stoecklin® und von weiteren Trafofirmen .
Durch den Einsatz bekannter Technologien wird der Umweltschutz bei den Transformatoren eingehalten .
In der Auswahl befinden sich Drehstromtrafo neu oder gebraucht mit Gewährleistung .
Verteilungstransformatoren , vielfach optimiert , geringe Verluste , Hermetiktrafo - Kessel hermetisch verschlossen , Großtrafo , Gießharztrafo , Trafo mit Ausdehner .
Trafohersteller - Betriebsanleitungen zu Transformatoren sind vorhanden , werden teilweise entsprechend Umfang vorgestellt . (
Wunschgemäße Auslieferung mit jedem Trafo , PDF - Datei )
Home Angebote Kontakte Sitemap Impressum Links AGB Datenschutz
Hermetiktrafo ( © 2020 ) Hermetiktrafo oder Oeltrafo mit Ausdehner +
Optimierte Hermetiktrafo , Kessel hermetisch verschlossen
+ Oeltrafo mit Ausdehner .
+ Wellwandkessel + ovale US - Wicklung + kurzschlussgeprüft
+ ovale OS - Wicklung + geringe Gewichte + Verlustreduzierung
+ uk=6 % oder 4 % + reduzierte Geräusche + Step Lap Verfahren
+ drehbares Fahrgestell + Zubehör +
Ausführung mit Trafoöl ,
synthetische Isoliermittel oder auch Bioöl als Isoliermittel Giessharztrafo Einige Standardmerkmale von Gießharztrafo ( Trockentrafo )
+ gekapselt in hochwertiges nicht hygroskopischen Epoxydharz
+ Step - Lap - Verfahren + Alu - Wicklungen oder Cu- Wicklungen
+ Vakuum vergossen + Anzapfungen + korrosionsgeschützte Leiter
+ uk= 4 % oder 6 % + Temperaturüberwachung
+ Step - Lap - Verfahren + US - Wicklung rund oder oval
+ Windungen fest verklebt in hochwertiges Epoxydharz
+ Einsatzbereich auch bei hoher Luftfeuchtigkeit und schwer brennbar
+ Einbau verlustarmer Elektrobleche +
Stückprüfungen
+ OS - Anzapfungen + Fahrgestell mit Rollen umsetzbar
+ Giessharz - Transformator fast wartungsfrei ,
Die Temperatur der US - Wicklung wird kontrolliert , bei Stromrichter - Transformatoren auch die Kerntemperatur .
Jeder Giessharz - Trafo ist mit einer Kaltleiter - Fühlerschleife für Auslösung eingerichtet .
Die Temperaturüberwachung kann in der Niederspannungswicklung durch einen PTC erfolgen ( Kaltleitertemperaturfühler ) oder durch den Einsatz von PT 100 oder eines Thermometers mit Kapillarrohr .
www.trafo-boerse.de
Almost eight years ago , Yahoo decided to lend a little start - up a helping hand , featuring its search technology on the Yahoo home page and giving it money at a critical juncture .
In cutthroat Silicon Valley , no good deed goes unpunished .
The start - up was Google , and Yahoo ’s generosity helped launch the most formidable competitor it had ever encountered .
Now facing a takeover attempt by Microsoft , Yahoo is coming to terms with the punishing consequences of its complex relationship with Google , including a futile attempt to copy Google ’s extraordinarily profitable advertising model at significant cost to Yahoo ’s own business .
Long before the world learned that Google had turned the Internet into an amazing money - minting machine , Yahoo knew .
When Google was still a private company , it sent its financial statements to Yahoo ’s headquarters in Sunnyvale like clockwork .
Google had to because Yahoo was one of its earliest investors .
The statements showed the incredible growth of Google ’s search advertising business , with sales more than doubling from quarter to quarter .
But Yahoo executives did n’t focus on the money ; they were interested in how much traffic was being driven by search , recalled Ellen Siminoff , an executive who joined Yahoo in 1996 .
In 2000 , Yahoo agreed to use and promote Google , which it touted as “ the best search engine on the Internet . ”
Google co-founder Larry Page described the pact as a “ major milestone . ”
The following year , Yahoo was even more generous , paying Google $ 7.2 million for its services .
( Google in turn paid Yahoo $ 1.1 million for promotional help . )
Google desperately needed the money , which helped pushed it into the black for the entire year .
Yet Yahoo was hardly flush with cash .
After two years of profit , Yahoo reported an annual loss of $ 93 million in 2001 .
The value of its stock had collapsed from $ 118.75 a share in January 2000 to $ 4.05 in September 2001 .
Meanwhile , Yahoo ’s promotional push was having an effect on Google .
“ When we were turning the business around in 2001 , Google was already becoming the ascendant player in Europe , especially in the U.K. , which is one of the most important advertising markets , ” recalled L. Jasmine Kim , a former vice president for global marketing and sales development for Yahoo .
Members of the international team tried to telegraph their concern to Sunnyvale , Kim recalled .
“ In hindsight , it is easy to say we should have seen it as we did discuss our concerns , but technology moves at the speed of light .
The game changed . ”
Yahoo management did not respond to questions about the company ’s relationship with Google .
The paranoid survive
The tech industry ’s giants – like Microsoft , Intel and Oracle – are famous for ruthlessly dealing with competitors .
Not Yahoo .
In 2002 , Yahoo paid Google $ 13.2 million , equivalent to more than a quarter of Yahoo ’s annual profit of $ 43 million .
The sum , however , meant less to Google , which had blown past its benefactor with an annual profit of about $ 100 million .
But the price of coddling Google would be much higher , as Yahoo soon discovered .
In May 2001 , Yahoo replaced Chief Executive Tim Koogle , a folksy , guitar - playing engineer , with Terry Semel , a veteran Hollywood deal maker who had rarely used e-mail .
Semel may not have been a technology guru , but he knew search would be key to Yahoo ’s success .
He also realized Yahoo had a big problem :
It had neither its own search technology nor the software for handling search advertising .
Semel ’s first move :
He struck a deal with Pasadena - based Overture Systems to provide ads for Yahoo ’s search results .
Then he tried to buy Google .
After those talks fizzled in 2002 , Semel acquired Inktomi , a search engine , for $ 235 million in December 2002 .
Seven months later , he bought Overture for $ 1.6 billion .
The deals gave Yahoo a huge boost .
In 2004 , revenue doubled and profit more than tripled .
Yahoo’s stock vaulted from $ 16.10 a share on the day the Overture deal was announced July 14 , 2003 , to $ 37.68 at the end of 2004 .
In early 2005 , when both companies reported their 2004 earnings , it seemed like Yahoo and Google might even be neck and neck .
While Google had revved its profit engine harder – for an increase of 276 percent compared with Yahoo ’s 252 percent – Yahoo boasted a larger increase in sales – 119 percent to Google ’s 113 percent .
“ What ’s even more important than exceeding any one of our financial targets , however , is the way in which we ’ve achieved them , and they do flow from a robust foundation , ” Chief Financial Officer Sue Decker told analysts in January 2005 .
Semel and Decker told Wall Street that Yahoo was in a better position than Google because it sold both search advertising , ads triggered by search queries , and display advertising , image - based ads that appear as banners or other graphical elements on a Web page .
The executives explained that Yahoo could cross -sell the two kinds of advertising and be a one - stop shop for the world ’s biggest brands .
“ It became clear over the course of a year that there was n’t anything to that , ” said Mark Mahaney , an analyst with Citigroup .
Swollen profits
It turned out Yahoo ’s happy ending was more Hollywood than reality .
While Yahoo ’s business had certainly improved , it was nowhere near catching Google .
Yahoo ’s revenue in 2004 had doubled largely as a result of the acquisition of Overture .
And its profit that year was swollen by the sale of $ 400 million of Google stock .
Yahoo sold its remaining stake in Google , roughly 4.2 million shares , the following year for nearly $ 1 billion , again boosting its profit .
Executives continued to tout Yahoo ’s financial performance .
“ I am very proud of the remarkable growth and progress Yahoo has demonstrated throughout this past year , ” Semel said on Jan. 17 , 2006 .
But shares fell 13 percent the next day as investors responded to the news that core profit was a penny less than analysts had expected .
And the rate of sales growth fell by more than 60 percent , exposing the isolated bump Yahoo ’s sales had received from buying Overture .
Yahoo ’s stock plunge
During the next two years , Yahoo ’s stock plunged an additional 45 percent .
On Jan. 31 , the day before Microsoft made its bid , Yahoo traded at about $ 19 a share , the same level it traded at in fall 2003 .
In 2007 , Yahoo introduced new software that boosted the amount of money it earned from search advertising .
Investors had waited years for the project known as “ Panama ” to be completed .
The technology was seen as key to Yahoo regaining competitiveness .
But Panama did n’t come close to closing the gap with Google .
Yahoo ’s sales that year were almost $ 7 billion , compared with $ 16.6 billion for Google .
Worse , Yahoo said it expected to grow only about 10 percent the following year .
( Google does n’t forecast future growth ; however , its revenue increased 57 percent in 2007 . )
“ We are disappointed with guidance and do n’t expect investors to have confidence in management ’s investment decisions , ” Rob Sanderson of American Technology Research wrote in a note Jan. 30 .
Unable to compete with Google in search advertising , Yahoo also appeared to be losing its edge as the leader in display advertising .
In September 2006 , Decker and Semel warned they were seeing weakness in display advertising related to financial services and cars .
“ We think it is kind of early to tell whether this is a sign of anything broader , ” Decker cautioned .
In fact , it was the beginning of a long slide .
Analyst Doug Anmuth of Lehman Brothers estimates that the growth of Yahoo ’s display business dropped by half , from 33 percent in 2006 to 16.5 percent in 2007 .
The main cause of the decline was increased competition , especially from social - networking sites like MySpace and Facebook .
However , plenty of former Yahoos also blamed top management in Sunnyvale .
“ They were concentrated on two things : technology and technology , ” said Jerry Shereshewsky , a senior Yahoo marketing executive who left the company in summer 2007 and is now CEO of Grandparents.com .
“ Yahoo as a company never really understood they were first and foremost in the media business supported almost wholly by advertising . ”
Former employees from other divisions also faulted management as indecisive , said more than a dozen who asked not to be quoted by name because it might hurt future business opportunities .
Other complaints : Upper management was plagued by cronyism .
Even when new ideas got a green light , the projects were starved of resources .
There were too many people with inflated titles , too many business units and too little cooperation among them .
Among the missed opportunities , former employees said , was a chance to buy Facebook when Mark Zuckerberg was still enrolled at Harvard University and open to a deal .
Around the same time , business development people at Yahoo unsuccessfully tried to stir up interest in MySpace .
But senior executives wanted major deals that would “ move the needle , ” said a former employee .
MySpace was too small .
In 2006 , an effort to buy YouTube foundered when Yahoo insisted on a clause in the contract that gave Yahoo an out if the video - sharing site was sued .
Google agreed to remove the clause and got YouTube .
By 2007 , the social - networking sites would be big enough to challenge Yahoo for display advertising .
According to industry estimates , MySpace ranked second only to Yahoo in revenue from display advertising and page views .
And YouTube was the Web ’s undisputed top video destination , despite Yahoo ’s efforts to compete .
Google ’s newest move
Last week , Google announced its acquisition of DoubleClick , which inserts primarily display advertising on Web pages owned by major publishers .
“ At best , it ’s alarming for Yahoo , ” said Jim Barnett , CEO of Turn , which provides software for optimizing display advertising .
“ Google already has the dominant position in search , and this puts Google in a very advantageous market position to take share in display . ”
Here , too , Yahoo missed an opportunity .
After the dot - com crash in 2000 , Yahoo briefly considered developing similar software , but decided against it .
Since November 2006 , Yahoo has been working to build software that will serve targeted display advertisements to members of a consortium that now includes more than 600 newspapers , including the Mercury News .
The software has been expected to provide a major boost to Yahoo and its newspaper partners .
But it is still not ready .
By the time it is finished , Yahoo could well be a division of Microsoft .
A major footwear supplier to the Games , and no .
153 on this year 's list , says it 's not their job to address concerns over human rights in China .
Watch
“ If it insulted people , that was not the intent , ” Outlook editor John Pomfret told me this morning , calling the piece “ tongue - in- cheek . ”
Pomfret said that Allen pitched the idea to him as a riff on women fainting at Obama rallies , and similarities with the Beatles .
[...]
“ She wanted to make fun of this issue , ” Pomfret said .
“ A lot of people have taken it very seriously . ”
So remember Charlotte Allen 's epically horrible column from yesterday's ?
Sure you do !
Because you 're a humorless feminist , and you just can't take a joke .
And it wasa joke !
Just ask WaPo Outlook Editor John Pomfret See , it was a joke !
Ha-ha , super - funny !
And it would n't have been as funny if it had n't included a litany of easily - disproven stereotypes about women and a closing argument that women are " kind of dim , " now , would it ?
Besides , it 's not like Charlotte Allen has a history of attacking women for being ... Who 's there ?
Why , it 's Feministing editor Jessica Valenti !
What 's that , Jessica ?
You have something to share ?
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
02/29/2008
New ' ex - gay ' message :
If your HIV is acting up , you 're not praying hard enough
by Jeremy Hooper
So read this letter that professional " ex- gay " Stephen Bennett has posted to his blog , and then we 'll get back to you :
Alright , so clearly Stephen has posted this as a way to ( a ) make his work look more credible and ( b ) to solicit funding .
Fine .
We , however , can't help but see this as a grossly irresponsible message to send in regards to HIV / AIDS management .
Here we have a man who is ( seemingly ) eschewing all drugs and modern advancements in medicine because he believes God had removed thie virus from his body .
And then we have him quite dangerously passing off the idea that by virtue of only his prayer , he and his wife have been able to concieve a child without either son or mother becoming infected in the process .
This is an " ex - gay " message that is not only f*** ing with the lives of the gay people who might be led into the fallacious notion that homosexuality is " changeable . "
This is a message that , if bought into by the world at large , could potentially END the lives of millions !
Yet in his post on the letter , Stephen does n't even mention the miraculous cures .
There 's not even lip service given to the fact that people should employ responsible heath care or gauge their own situations before putting all stock in Dr. God .
Stephen simply cites the fan letter as " The Reason We Continue to Press On ! " as if it is nothing more than an inspiring testament to his own " righteous " work .
This is not only annoying on the level of so much of his other " ex - gay " work .
It 's enraging on a much deeper ethical level !
Over the years , we 've heard from countless " ex- gays " who have had a portion of their lives wrecked because of being led to the notion of " change . "
But within that movement ( of which the " formerly homosexual " Stephen is an outspoken proponent ) , there 's a deeper through - line involving a war on science in general .
While we understand and support the power of positive thinking , the necessity of hope , the possibility of miracles , and the power of spirituality in individual lives , we can not sit back and let our opposition so carelessly highlight potentially damaging ideas in order to embolden their socio-polical goals !
We 're just too " pro-life " for all that .
The Reason We Continue to Press On ! Praise God !!
[ SB Ministires ]
Your thoughts
How do we know that Mr. Bennett does n't write these glowing tributes himself ?
Snake oil salesmen throughout the ages have done just that .
I do n't believe this " testimony for one minute .
Bennett is desperately trying to raise money ; even HE 'S made that clear .
This is just his shameful way to fill the coffers .
Posted by : Zeke | Feb 29 , 2008 10:16:50 PM
HIV does not just go away on its own .
I see an explanation here : 1 . Someone believes their HIV has just disappeared .
Attributing this to a miracle from God ( Rather than , say , a misinterpretation of his bloodwork ) , he sends in the mail to thank Bennett .
This person may be deluded , and may potentially be a danger to others if he continues to be HIV + but believes himself to be cured - he presumably has unprotected sex with his wife .
But he does n't make the ' scum ' classification , because he is n't willfully endangering or deluding others .
He is n't malicious , just over - eager to clutch at straws for a cure .
2 . Bennett , however , * IS * scum .
On recieving the meil he used it to promote something that he must know is going to cost lives - he is telling people that the cure for AIDS lies not with medicine , but with prayer and espicially with his ex-gay therepy program .
Bennett must know how dangerous this is , but I expect he has rationalised it - after all , if homosexuals go to hell , then surely it would be better for them to die of HIV as heterosexuals than continue to live as damned sinners ?
If he kills them , they will thank him in heaven .
Or perhaps he actually believes he has the power to cure HIV - he would n't be the first crackpot to conclude he is an actual miracle healer .
Posted by : Suricou Raven | Mar 1 , 2008 6:44:57 AM
Zeke :
My first thought was also that Bennett penned the letter himself .
But at this point there 's no proof of that .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Mar 1 , 2008 8:09:11 PM
I 'm naturally suspicious of anything that starts with " ... we look forward to sending in our support every month " .
I do caution about assuming that this guy ( if he exists ) is n't using meds .
Within the evangelical ( especially the charismatic or pentecostal ) community , God is given credit for all healing - even if He is just guiding the hand of the doctor .
If something is healed in such a way as to be somewhat unusual ( more quickly than usual , recovery when there are low odds ) this is seen as divine intervention .
So if this guy is on a regimine that has increased his T - Cells and given him an undetectable viral load , it would be natural for him to see this as a divine healing from God and as the result of prayers .
And there 's nothing at all wrong with that .
However , here 's where the problem is :
If he believes that an undetectable viral load means the same thing as HIV - , he may stop taking his meds .
And from what I read , this may allow the virus to resurge in his system .
If he is convinced that he 's healed , he may not even go back for checkups .
As for unprotected sex with his wife ...
I 'm not totally certain but I 've been reading that HIV cannot be transmitted with an undetectable viral load ( but , please , no one take my word on that ) .
So if his doctor OK's it and he's on regular checkups , I think that going off protection long enough to conceive might not be so very criminal .
However , if he goes off his meds , proclaims healing , and stops using protection , there 's a very good chance that both of them will develop symptoms fairly quickly .
Posted by : Timothy | Mar 1 , 2008 9:47:38 PM
Timothy :
You 're of course quite right to consider all of those factors .
All of them have gone through my mind as well .
The problem , however , is that many people ( especially those on the pro -" ex - gay " side of things ) would not go through such an analysis .
It would more likely be more along the lines of : " God cured his gayness , then his AIDS , then his wife 's cysts , and then blessed them with a baby boy .
Praise God . "
That 's what I find scary -- the dangerous message that is being sent without qualifiers or further explanations .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Mar 1 , 2008 10:23:06 PM
Being gay / lesbian is a sickness or disease .
You are not “ born that way , ” you choose to live this way because you need help .
What you are doing is neither natural nor right .
It is an addiction like smoking or doing drugs .
Please consider cleaning up your habits and seek help .
I am confident there is more in store for your life .
J. Davis – [ email protected ]
Posted by : J. Davis | Mar 2 , 2008 12:15:28 PM
" In him " ?
If that is n't the gayest letter closer I 've ever heard , I do n't know what is .
Is n't that how Stephen signs his letters too ?
Looks suspicious to me .
Posted by : Scott | Mar 2 , 2008 11:58:56 PM
J. Davis - actually you 're the sick one , obsessing over the lives of gay people , and your sick obsession over homosex .
What you 're doing is n't either natural or right , please get a sex life of your own , and mind your own business .
However , I am NOT confident there is more in store for your life , or any of the other lousy homosex - obsessed peasants like yourself .
Get help , please .
And G - A-Y , I 'd do some investigating .
This letter looks as fake as Stephen and Irene Bennett 's photoshopped teeth .
Posted by : Scott | Mar 3 , 2008 5:31:15 AM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE :
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2673 , media@aclu.org
MEMPHIS – A public high school principal who posted the names of two boys on a list of students believed to be couples , revealing their relationship to their parents as well as other students and teachers , violated the students ' constitutional right to freedom of association , the American Civil Liberties Union charged today .
In a letter to school board officials in Memphis , Tennessee , the ACLU demanded today that the school reprimand the principal and take steps to ensure such actions never happen again .
In September of 2007 , the principal at Hollis F. Price Middle College High told teachers she wanted the names of all student couples , " hetero and homo , " because she wanted to monitor them personally to prevent students from engaging in public displays of affection .
The two students now represented by the ACLU , Andrew and Nicholas ( who have asked that their last names not be revealed ) , were two A students who had been seeing each other for a short time and were attempting to keep their relationship quiet and private .
The principal heard about them through another student , then wrote their names on a list she posted next to her desk , in full view of anyone who entered her office .
One of the boys ' mothers personally witnessed the list when she met with the principal a few days later .
" I could n't believe it when I went to meet with the principal and that list was right there by her desk where anyone could see it , " said Andrea , Andrew 's mother .
" African American people face enough obstacles to succeeding in this world and I want my son to have every opportunity he 's worked so hard for .
Our schools should be helping our children do well , not tearing them down for something like this . "
Although the boys had never been observed by any school staff engaging in any sort of display of affection , the principal called Nicholas 's mother Nichole .
According to Nichole , the principal said things like " Did you know your son is gay ? " repeatedly and went on to say that she did n't like gay people and would n't tolerate homosexuality at her school .
Both students say they 've had to deal with verbal harassment from both teachers and students since word got out around the school about their principal 's actions .
According to Nicholas , he also suffered another consequence of the principal 's discrimination .
He had submitted extensive paperwork and several recommendations from teachers for a school trip to New Orleans to assist in rebuilding efforts .
Having a long history of community service , he was considered a shoo - in to be selected to go before the incident , but then a teacher told Nicholas some faculty were afraid he might " embarrass the school " or engage in " inappropriate behavior . "
A few days later , another student who had n't even applied to go on the trip was selected in his place .
" We never bothered anyone or did a single thing at school that broke any of the rules , " said Nicholas , a junior and honor student .
" Every day I feel like they 're still punishing me , and I 'm worried that this is going to hurt my chances to get into a good college . "
" The principal 's outing of these two students to their families , classmates , and teachers is unacceptable .
Its only purpose was to intimidate not only these students but all gay students at Hollis Price , " said Hedy Weinberg , Executive Director at the ACLU of Tennessee .
" Educators should be focused on educating their students and not on harassing them because of their sexual orientation or the people with whom they associate . "
School officials have already confirmed the existence of the list to the ACLU in prior meetings held in an attempt to resolve the matter privately .
In today 's letter to the Memphis City Schools Board of Commissioners , the ACLU points out that the principal ordered the boys not to even walk or study together at school .
" This is a public high school that runs on taxpayer dollars .
As such , it is part of the government and must obey the Constitution in dealing with the students entrusted to its care each day , " said Bruce Kramer , a partner at Borod and Kramer in Memphis and cooperating attorney on the case .
" This school has no business singling these boys out and taking away educational opportunities against them simply because they were dating . "
The students and their mothers are represented by Kramer as well as Christine Sun of the ACLU 's national Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Project .
Today 's demand letter can be found online at :
www.aclu.org/lgbt/youth/35651lgl20080429.html.
Until recently , the iPad Air 2 lineup was the one that dominated the market for Apple tablets .
However , 2017 was greeted with the exciting launch of the much - coveted iPad .
Yep , just iPad .
Apple chose to stick with such a simple name for its new device in order to indicate the concept behind the launch , namely that the new iPad is accessible to everyone .
This is justified by the affordable price point ( at least as far as Apple products are concerned ) .
The new Apple table comes strong on the market at a mere 329 dollars .
If you already own an iPad Air 2 , you ’re probably wondering whether or not you should upgrade to the new iPad 2017 .
If you ’re seriously considering it , here ’s a short comparison to help you decide where your money ’s at .
i Pad 2017 vs. iPad Air 2
In terms of display and specs , the new iPad is just slightly better than the iPad Air 2 .
The display is basically the same , but the iPad ’s battery is bigger and thus provides better battery life .
The iPad 2017 also has a better processor , but only by a little .
All in all , the iPad 2017 and the older iPad Air 2 are very comparable and similar .
This lack of much upgrading on the part of the new device can be justified by the affordable price point , though .
After all , you ca n’t get a device that is such a bargain as far as money ’s concerned and expect it to be the most revolutionary one of its kind .
If you ’re looking for advanced tech and impressive new features , then it ’s better you wait for the upcoming launch of the iPad Pro 2 .
However , if you ’re an avid Apple fan and want to try out the new iPad 2017 , go for it .
It ’s a pretty good tablet .
The marchers say they are determined to continue Leaders of Tibetan refugees in India say they are defying a ban preventing them from marching to Tibet in protest over China hosting the Olympics .
The authorities on Monday said they had barred protesters from leaving Kangra district in Himachal Pradesh state .
The district includes Dharamsala , the northern hill town where the Dalai Lama heads the Tibetan government in exile .
Meanwhile China has said monks in Tibet 's capital Lhasa , staged a protest against Beijing 's rule on Monday .
The Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader , has called for greater pressure on China over its human rights record .
Rights violations Correspondents say onlookers cheered the group of marchers on Tuesday as they walked along the mountain roads .
No police were seen .
" This is the fun part now , " Tenzin Tsundue , one of the march leaders , told the Associated Press news agency .
The marchers have not said what route they are taking " We are ready for any kind of obstruction .
We will be very peaceful but when so many people are determined to give their lives up , no police can stop us . "
About 100 activists began their walk on Monday as part of pro-independence protests ahead of the Beijing Olympics .
Their march coincided with the 49th anniversary of the Dalai Lama 's escape from Tibet after a failed uprising against Chinese rule .
They walked 20 km ( 13 miles ) from Dharamsala before local police served a restraining order against them which they said had been issued by the authorities in Delhi .
The marchers say that their aim is to expose what they say are serious human rights violations in Tibet .
" Tibetan refugees have the right to return to Tibet , the land from where we come , " said Tsewang Rigzin , leader of the Tibetan Youth Congress - one of five organisations staging the march .
In pictures : Tibet protests " This is the first major obstacle we are facing but we remain committed to marching .
We want to do nothing more than go back to our country and help end the suffering of our brothers and sisters living under brutal Chinese occupation , " he said .
India has in the past been sympathetic to the Tibetan cause , correspondents say , but in recent years it has not allowed large - scale public protests for fear of embarrassing Beijing .
Police also say that the planned march to Tibet is in breach of an agreement between Delhi and the Tibetan government - in - exile .
' Illegal things ' Meanwhile China on Tuesday said that it had quashed a protest by Buddhist monks in Lhasa .
Some reporters say that dozens were arrested .
" Yesterday afternoon some monks in Lhasa , abetted by a small handful of people , did some illegal things that challenged social stability , " foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang told reporters .
" As for how to deal with these detained Tibetans , they have been dealt with according to the law . "
On Monday , some 1,000 Tibetan exiles clashed with police in the Nepalese capital , Kathmandu , while trying to march to the Chinese embassy .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Psst , looking for a cheap place to live ?
Just how cheap can you buy a home for in some of America 's biggest cities ?
Check out Countrywide 's website of homes they have for sale : http://www.countrywide.com/purchase/f_reo.asp
On that site , you can find homes as low as :
-- $ 1 in Detroit (!)
--$950 in Cleveland
--$ 1,200 in Buffalo , N.Y .
--$ 1,900 in St. Louis
--$ 5,900 in Pittsburgh
--$ 7,900 in Dallas
--$ 9,900 in Chicago
--$ 9,900 in Jacksonville , Fla .
--$ 24,900 in Denver
--$ 28,900 in Worcester , Mass .
--$ 39,900 in Sacramento
--$ 53,900 in Las Vegas
Questions ?
Comments ?
tradertalk@cnbc.com
PITTSBURGH , Pennsylvania ( CNN ) -- Former President Bill Clinton denied Tuesday he had accused Sen. Barack Obama 's campaign of " playing the race card " during an interview Monday .
A recording of the former president making the comment is posted on the WHYY Web site .
It says he made the comment in a telephone interview with the Philadelphia public radio station Monday night .
Clinton was asked whether his remarks comparing Obama 's strong showing in South Carolina to that of Jesse Jackson in 1988 had been a mistake given their impact on his wife Sen.
Hillary Clinton 's campaign .
" No , I think that they played the race card on me , " said Clinton , " and we now know from memos from the campaign and everything that they planned to do it all along . "
Listen to the full interview
" We were talking about South Carolina political history and this was used out of context and twisted for political purposes by the Obama campaign to try to breed resentment elsewhere .
And you know , do I regret saying it ?
No .
Do I regret that it was used that way ?
I certainly do .
But you really got to go some to try to portray me as a racist . "
After the phone interview , a stray comment of his on the issue was also recorded before he hung up : " I do n't think I should take any s*** from anybody on that , do you ? "
Watch Bill Clinton respond to controversy »
But outside a Pittsburgh campaign event Tuesday , a reporter asked Clinton what he had meant " when you said the Obama campaign was playing the race card on you ? "
Clinton responded : " When did I say that and to whom did I say that ? "
Watch more of the Clintons on the trail in Pennsylvania »
" You have mischaracterized it to get another cheap story to divert the American people from the real urgent issues before us , and I choose not to play your games today , " Clinton added .
" I said what I said -- you can go back and look at the interview , and if you will be real honest you will also report what the question was and what the answer was .
But I 'm not helping you . "
Clinton did not respond when asked what he meant when he charged that the Obama campaign had a memo in which they said they had planned to play the race card .
Meanwhile , at a Pittsburgh press availability on Tuesday , Obama was asked about Clinton 's charge that his campaign had drawn up plans to use " the race card . "
" Hold on a second , '' he said .
" So former President Clinton dismissed my victory in South Carolina as being similar to Jesse Jackson and he is suggesting that somehow I had something to do with it ? "
Watch Obama 's full comments »
" You better ask him what he meant by that .
I have no idea what he meant .
These were words that came out of his mouth .
Not words that came out of mine . ''
Clinton commented just before the South Carolina primary that " Jesse Jackson won South Carolina in ' 84 and ' 88 .
Jackson ran a good campaign .
And Obama ran a good campaign here . "
E-mail to a friend
CNN Associate Political Editor Rebecca Sinderbrand , CNN political producers Alexander Marquardt , Ed Hornick and Chris Welch contributed to this report .
All About Bill Clinton • Barack Obama
# 827929 +( 1777 ) - [ X ]
Seppukakke :
You know , in the Old Testament , God was full of Wroth and Vengeance .
You did bad stuff , he rained brimstone down on your ungrateful ass or harrassed your people with 7 plagues .
Seppukakke :
In the New Testament , its like he has turned over a new leaf , you do n't hear some much of the nasty things he did to his people ( because if you believe in it , everyone on earth is his creation )
Seppukakke :
You know what happened around the time between the New Testament and the Old Testament ?
Seppukakke :
He got laid .
Rising Risk of a Systemic Financial Meltdown : The 12 Steps to Financial Disaster By Nouriel Roubini
This week we look at a recent analysis from Professor Nouriel Roubini of the Stern School of Business at New York University .
Nouriel has become known for his rather clear clarion calls that the housing bubble would lead to a credit crisis and possibly much worse .
He has been one who has been on CNBC and was in the clear minority early last year , but now no one is laughing ( I was once on the show with him , and we were not the majority view ) .
In this week 's Outside the Box , Nouriel details for us how a worse case scenario would develop .
We both hope this does not develop .
It can be avoided , but realistic investors need to know what to look for to make sure we are not going there .
I like Nouriel 's work , as it pull 's no punches .
You can go to RGE Monitor at www.rgemonitor.com to see his regular work , which is geared to institutions .
Like this letter , he offers Outside the Box analysis , which I think you will find useful .
John Mauldin , Editor , Outside the Box
The Rising Risk of a Systemic Financial Meltdown :
The Twelve Steps to Financial Disaster
by Nouriel Roubini
Why did the Fed ease the Fed Funds rate by a whopping 125 bps in eight days this past January ?
It is true that most macro indicators are heading south and suggesting a deep and severe recession that has already started .
But the flow of bad macro news in mid-January did not justify , by itself , such a radical inter-meeting emergency Fed action followed by another cut at the formal FOMC meeting .
To understand the Fed actions one has to realize that there is now a rising probability of a " catastrophic " financial and economic outcome , i.e. a vicious circle where a deep recession makes the financial losses more severe and where , in turn , large and growing financial losses and a financial meltdown make the recession even more severe .
The Fed is seriously worried about this vicious circle and about the risks of a systemic financial meltdown .
That is the reason the Fed had thrown all caution to the wind - after a year in which it was behind the curve and underplaying the economic and financial risks - and has taken a very aggressive approach to risk management ; this is a much more aggressive approach than the Greenspan one in spite of the initial views that the Bernanke Fed would be more cautious than Greenspan in reacting to economic and financial vulnerabilities .
To understand the risks that the financial system is facing today I present the " nightmare " or " catastrophic " scenario that the Fed and financial officials around the world are now worried about .
Such a scenario - however extreme - has a rising and significant probability of occurring .
Thus , it does not describe a very low probability event but rather an outcome that is quite possible .
Start first with the recession that is now enveloping the US economy .
Let us assume - as likely - that this recession - that already started in December 2007 - will be worse than the mild ones - that lasted 8 months - that occurred in 1990 - 91 and 2001 .
The recession of 2008 will be more severe for several reasons : first , we have the biggest housing bust in US history with home prices likely to eventually fall 20 to 30 % ; second , because of a credit bubble that went beyond mortgages and because of reckless financial innovation and securitization the ongoing credit bust will lead to a severe credit crunch ; third , US households - whose consumption is over 70 % of GDP - have spent well beyond their means for years now piling up a massive amount of debt , both mortgage and otherwise ; now that home prices are falling and a severe credit crunch is emerging the retrenchment of private consumption will be serious and protracted .
So let us suppose that the recession of 2008 will last at least four quarters and , possibly , up to six quarters .
What will be the consequences of it ?
Here are the twelve steps or stages of a scenario of systemic financial meltdown associated with this severe economic recession .
First , this is the worst housing recession in US history and there is no sign it will bottom out any time soon .
At this point it is clear that US home prices will fall between 20 % and 30 % from their bubbly peak ; that would wipe out between $ 4 trillion and $ 6 trillion of household wealth .
While the subprime meltdown is likely to cause about 2.2 million foreclosures , a 30 % fall in home values would imply that over 10 million households would have negative equity in their homes and would have a big incentive to use " jingle mail " ( i.e. default , put the home keys in an envelope and send it to their mortgage bank ) .
Moreover , soon enough a few very large home builders will go bankrupt and join the dozens of other small ones that have already gone bankrupt thus leading to another free fall in home builders ' stock prices that have irrationally rallied in the last few weeks in spite of a worsening housing recession .
Second , losses for the financial system from the subprime disaster are now estimated to be as high as $ 250 to $ 300 billion .
But the financial losses will not be only in subprime mortgages and the related RMBS and CDOs .
They are now spreading to near prime and prime mortgages as the same reckless lending practices in subprime ( no down - payment , no verification of income , jobs and assets ( i.e. NINJA or LIAR loans ) , interest rate only , negative amortization , teaser rates , etc. ) were occurring across the entire spectrum of mortgages ; about 60 % of all mortgage origination since 2005 through 2007 had these reckless and toxic features .
So this is a generalized mortgage crisis and meltdown , not just a subprime one .
And losses among all sorts of mortgages will sharply increase as home prices fall sharply and the economy spins into a serious recession .
Goldman
Sachs now estimates total mortgage credit losses of about $ 400 billion ; but the eventual figures could be much larger if home prices fall more than 20 % .
Also , the RMBS and CDO markets for securitization of mortgages - already dead for subprime and frozen for other mortgages - remain in a severe credit crunch , thus reducing further the ability of banks to originate mortgages .
The mortgage credit crunch will become even more severe .
Also add to the woes and losses of the financial institutions the meltdown of hundreds of billions of off balance SIVs and conduits ; this meltdown and the roll - off of the ABCP market has forced banks to bring back on balance sheet these toxic off balance sheet vehicles adding to the capital and liquidity crunch of the financial institutions and adding to their on balance sheet losses .
And because of securitization the securitized toxic waste has been spread from banks to capital markets and their investors in the US and abroad , thus increasing - rather than reducing systemic risk - and making the credit crunch global .
Third , the recession will lead - as it is already doing - to a sharp increase in defaults on other forms of unsecured consumer debt : credit cards , auto loans , student loans .
There are dozens of millions of subprime credit cards and subprime auto loans in the US .
And again defaults in these consumer debt categories will not be limited to subprime borrowers .
So add these losses to the financial losses of banks and of other financial institutions ( as also these debts were securitized in ABS products ) , thus leading to a more severe credit crunch .
As the Fed loan officers survey suggest the credit crunch is spreading throughout the mortgage market and from mortgages to consumer credit , and from large banks to smaller banks .
Fourth , while there is serious uncertainty about the losses that monolines will undertake on their insurance of RMBS , CDO and other toxic ABS products , it is now clear that such losses are much higher than the $ 10 - 15 billion rescue package that regulators are trying to patch up .
Some monolines are actually borderline insolvent and none of them deserves at this point a AAA rating regardless of how much realistic recapitalization is provided .
Any business that required an AAA rating to stay in business is a business that does not deserve such a rating in the first place .
The monolines should be downgraded as no private rescue package - short of an unlikely public bailout - is realistic or feasible given the deep losses of the monolines on their insurance of toxic ABS products .
Next , the downgrade of the monolines will lead to another $ 150 of writedowns on ABS portfolios for financial institutions that have already massive losses .
It will also lead to additional losses on their portfolio of muni bonds .
The downgrade of the monolines will also lead to large losses - and potential runs - on the money market funds that invested in some of these toxic products .
The money market funds that are backed by banks or that bought liquidity protection from banks against the risk of a fall in the NAV may avoid a run but such a rescue will exacerbate the capital and liquidity problems of their underwriters .
The monolines ' downgrade will then also lead to another sharp drop in US equity markets that are already shaken by the risk of a severe recession and large losses in the financial system .
Fifth , the commercial real estate loan market will soon enter into a meltdown similar to the subprime one .
Lending practices in commercial real estate were as reckless as those in residential real estate .
The housing crisis will lead - with a short lag - to a bust in non-residential construction as no one will want to build offices , stores , shopping malls / centers in ghost towns .
The CMBX index is already pricing a massive increase in credit spreads for non-residential mortgages / loans .
And new origination of commercial real estate mortgages is already semi- frozen today ; the commercial real estate mortgage market is already seizing up today .
Sixth , it is possible that some large regional or even national bank that is very exposed to mortgages , residential and commercial , will go bankrupt .
Thus some big banks may join the 200 plus subprime lenders that have gone bankrupt .
This , like in the case of Northern Rock , will lead to depositors ' panic and concerns about deposit insurance .
The Fed will have to reaffirm the implicit doctrine that some banks are too big to be allowed to fail .
But these bank bankruptcies will lead to severe fiscal losses of bank bailout and effective nationalization of the affected institutions .
Already Countrywide - an institution that was more likely insolvent than illiquid - has been bailed out with public money via a $ 55 billion loan from the FHLB system , a semi-public system of funding of mortgage lenders .
Banks ' bankruptcies will add to an already severe credit crunch .
Seventh , the banks losses on their portfolio of leveraged loans are already large and growing .
The ability of financial institutions to syndicate and securitize their leveraged loans - a good chunk of which were issued to finance very risky and reckless LBOs - is now at serious risk .
And hundreds of billions of dollars of leveraged loans are now stuck on the balance sheet of financial institutions at values well below par ( currently about 90 cents on the dollar but soon much lower ) .
Add to this that many reckless LBOs ( as senseless LBOs with debt to earnings ratio of seven or eight had become the norm during the go - go days of the credit bubble ) have now been postponed , restructured or cancelled .
And add to this problem the fact that some actual large LBOs will end up into bankruptcy as some of these corporations taken private are effectively bankrupt in a recession and given the repricing of risk ; convenant - lite and PIK toggles may only postpone - not avoid - such bankruptcies and make them uglier when they do eventually occur .
The leveraged loans mess is already leading to a freezing up of the CLO market and to growing losses for financial institutions .
Eighth , once a severe recession is underway a massive wave of corporate defaults will take place .
In a typical year US corporate default rates are about 3.8 % ( average for 1971 - 2007 ) ; in 2006 and 2007 this figure was a puny 0.6 % .
And in a typical US recession such default rates surge above 10 % .
Also during such distressed periods the RGD - or recovery given default - rates are much lower , thus adding to the total losses from a default .
Default rates were very low in the last two years because of a slosh of liquidity , easy credit conditions and very low spreads ( with junk bond yields being only 260 bps above Treasuries until mid June 2007 ) .
But now the repricing of risk has been massive : junk bond spreads close to 700bps , iTraxx and CDX indices pricing massive corporate default rates and the junk bond yield issuance market is now semi-frozen .
While on average the US and European corporations are in better shape - in terms of profitability and debt burden - than in 2001 there is a large fat tail of corporations with very low profitability and that have piled up a mass of junk bond debt that will soon come to refinancing at much higher spreads .
Corporate default rates will surge during the 2008 recession and peak well above 10 % based on recent studies .
And once defaults are higher and credit spreads higher massive losses will occur among the credit default swaps ( CDS ) that provided protection against corporate defaults .
Estimates of the losses on a notional value of $ 50 trillion CDS against a bond base of $ 5 trillion are varied ( from $ 20 billion to $ 250 billion with a number closer to the latter figure more likely ) .
Losses on CDS do not represent only a transfer of wealth from those who sold protection to those who bought it .
If losses are large some of the counterparties who sold protection - possibly large institutions such as monolines , some hedge funds or a large broker dealer - may go bankrupt leading to even greater systemic risk as those who bought protection may face counterparties who cannot pay .
Ninth , the " shadow banking system " ( as defined by the PIMCO folks ) or more precisely the " shadow financial system " ( as it is composed by non -bank financial institutions ) will soon get into serious trouble .
This shadow financial system is composed of financial institutions that - like banks - borrow short and in liquid forms and lend or invest long in more illiquid assets .
This system includes : SIVs , conduits , money market funds , monolines , investment banks , hedge funds and other non-bank financial institutions .
All these institutions are subject to market risk , credit risk ( given their risky investments ) and especially liquidity / rollover risk as their short term liquid liabilities can be rolled off easily while their assets are more long term and illiquid .
Unlike banks these non-bank financial institutions do n't have direct or indirect access to the central bank 's lender of last resort support as they are not depository institutions .
Thus , in the case of financial distress and / or illiquidity they may go bankrupt because of both insolvency and / or lack of liquidity and inability to roll over or refinance their short term liabilities .
Deepening problems in the economy and in the financial markets and poor risk managements will lead some of these institutions to go belly up : a few large hedge funds , a few money market funds , the entire SIV system and , possibly , one or two large and systemically important broker dealers .
Dealing with the distress of this shadow financial system will be very problematic as this system - stressed by credit and liquidity problems - cannot be directly rescued by the central banks in the way that banks can .
Tenth , stock markets in the US and abroad will start pricing a severe US recession - rather than a mild recession - and a sharp global economic slowdown .
The fall in stock markets - after the late January 2008 rally fizzles out - will resume as investors will soon realize that the economic downturn is more severe , that the monolines will not be rescued , that financial losses will mount , and that earnings will sharply drop in a recession not just among financial firms but also non financial ones .
A few long equity hedge funds will go belly up in 2008 after the massive losses of many hedge funds in August , November and , again , January 2008 .
Large margin calls will be triggered for long equity investors and another round of massive equity shorting will take place .
Long covering and margin calls will lead to a cascading fall in equity markets in the US and a transmission to global equity markets .
US and global equity markets will enter into a persistent bear market as in a typical US recession the S&P500 falls by about 28 % .
Eleventh , the worsening credit crunch that is affecting most credit markets and credit derivative markets will lead to a dry - up of liquidity in a variety of financial markets , including otherwise very liquid derivatives markets .
Another round of credit crunch in interbank markets will ensue triggered by counterparty risk , lack of trust , liquidity premia and credit risk .
A variety of interbank rates - TED spreads , BOR - OIS spreads , BOT - Tbill spreads , interbank - policy rate spreads , swap spreads , VIX and other gauges of investors ' risk aversion - will massively widen again .
Even the easing of the liquidity crunch after massive central banks ' actions in December and January will reverse as credit concerns keep interbank spread wide in spite of further injections of liquidity by central banks .
Twelfth , a vicious circle of losses , capital reduction , credit contraction , forced liquidation and fire sales of assets at below fundamental prices will ensue leading to a cascading and mounting cycle of losses and further credit contraction .
In illiquid market actual market prices are now even lower than the lower fundamental value that they now have given the credit problems in the economy .
Market prices include a large illiquidity discount on top of the discount due to the credit and fundamental problems of the underlying assets that are backing the distressed financial assets .
Capital losses will lead to margin calls and further reduction of risk taking by a variety of financial institutions that are now forced to mark to market their positions .
Such a forced fire sale of assets in illiquid markets will lead to further losses that will further contract credit and trigger further margin calls and disintermediation of credit .
The triggering event for the next round of this cascade is the downgrade of the monolines and the ensuing sharp drop in equity markets ; both will trigger margin calls and further credit disintermediation .
Based on estimates by Goldman Sachs $ 200 billion of losses in the financial system lead to a contraction of credit of $ 2 trillion given that institutions hold about $ 10 of assets per dollar of capital .
The recapitalization of banks sovereign wealth funds - about $ 80 billion so far - will be unable to stop this credit disintermediation - ( the move from off balance sheet to on balance sheet and moves of assets and liabilities from the shadow banking system to the formal banking system ) and the ensuing contraction in credit as the mounting losses will dominate by a large margin any bank recapitalization from SWFs .
A contagious and cascading spiral of credit disintermediation , credit contraction , sharp fall in asset prices and sharp widening in credit spreads will then be transmitted to most parts of the financial system .
This massive credit crunch will make the economic contraction more severe and lead to further financial losses .
Total losses in the financial system will add up to more than $ 1 trillion and the economic recession will become deeper , more protracted and severe .
A near global economic recession will ensue as the financial and credit losses and the credit crunch spread around the world .
Panic , fire sales , cascading fall in asset prices will exacerbate the financial and real economic distress as a number of large and systemically important financial institutions go bankrupt .
A 1987 style stock market crash could occur leading to further panic and severe financial and economic distress .
Monetary and fiscal easing will not be able to prevent a systemic financial meltdown as credit and insolvency problems trump illiquidity problems .
The lack of trust in counterparties - driven by the opacity and lack of transparency in financial markets , and uncertainty about the size of the losses and who is holding the toxic waste securities - will add to the impotence of monetary policy and lead to massive hoarding of liquidity that will exacerbates the liquidity and credit crunch .
In this meltdown scenario US and global financial markets will experience their most severe crisis in the last quarter of a century .
Can the Fed and other financial officials avoid this nightmare scenario that keeps them awake at night ?
The answer to this question - to be detailed in a follow - up article - is twofold : first , it is not easy to manage and control such a contagious financial crisis that is more severe and dangerous than any faced by the US in a quarter of a century ; second , the extent and severity of this financial crisis will depend on whether the policy response - monetary , fiscal , regulatory , financial and otherwise - is coherent , timely and credible .
I will argue - in my next article - that one should be pessimistic about the ability of policy and financial authorities to manage and contain a crisis of this magnitude ; thus , one should be prepared for the worst , i.e. a systemic financial crisis .
Your working too early in Phoenix analyst ,
By John Mauldin
John Mauldin , Best - Selling author and recognized financial expert , is also editor of the free Thoughts From the Frontline that goes to over 1 million readers each week .
For more information on John or his FREE weekly economic letter go to : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/learnmore
To subscribe to John Mauldin 's E - Letter please click here : http://www.frontlinethoughts.com/subscribe.asp
Copyright 2008 John Mauldin .
All Rights Reserved
John Mauldin is president of Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC , a registered investment advisor .
All material presented herein is believed to be reliable but we cannot attest to its accuracy .
Investment recommendations may change and readers are urged to check with their investment counselors before making any investment decisions .
Opinions expressed in these reports may change without prior notice .
John Mauldin and / or the staff at Millennium Wave Advisors , LLC may or may not have investments in any funds cited above .
Mauldin can be reached at 800-829-7273 .
Disclaimer PAST RESULTS ARE NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS .
THERE IS RISK OF LOSS AS WELL AS THE OPPORTUNITY FOR GAIN WHEN INVESTING IN MANAGED FUNDS .
WHEN CONSIDERING ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENTS , INCLUDING HEDGE FUNDS , YOU SHOULD CONSIDER VARIOUS RISKS INCLUDING THE FACT THAT SOME PRODUCTS : OFTEN ENGAGE IN LEVERAGING AND OTHER SPECULATIVE INVESTMENT PRACTICES THAT MAY INCREASE THE RISK OF INVESTMENT LOSS , CAN BE ILLIQUID , ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE PERIODIC PRICING OR VALUATION INFORMATION TO INVESTORS , MAY INVOLVE COMPLEX TAX STRUCTURES AND DELAYS IN DISTRIBUTING IMPORTANT TAX INFORMATION , ARE NOT SUBJECT TO THE SAME REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS AS MUTUAL FUNDS , OFTEN CHARGE HIGH FEES , AND IN MANY CASES THE UNDERLYING INVESTMENTS ARE NOT TRANSPARENT AND ARE KNOWN ONLY TO THE INVESTMENT MANAGER .
John Mauldin Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Welcome to
COMICS WITH PROBLEMS
news .. .. other things on www.ep.tc .. .. RSS .. .. Facebook .. ..
Twitter
pick a problem :
Issue # 1 - Rex Morgan M.D. Talks About Your Unborn Child
Issue # 2 - Dennis the Menace Takes a Poke at Poison
Issue # 3 - Where There 's Smoke . . .
There 's DANGER
Issue # 4 - Capt. Veedee - O and Ms. Wanda Lust in VD CLAPTRAP
Issue # 5 - Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids in BUZZY'S REBOUND
Issue # 6 - A Message about Sniffing for Young People
Issue # 7 - Madonna : Who 's that Girl ?
On AIDS
Issue # 8 - Yogi Bear D.A.R.E. / Archie F.B.I. / Nancy Reagan
Issue # 9 - Dennis the Menace returns for Child Abuse and Neglect
Issue # 10 - Alpha the Robot in The Marijuana Mystery
Issue # 11 - TWO DIABETES COMICS
Issue # 12 - Charlie Brown and Sally in Security is an Eye Patch
Issue # 13 - THE INCREDIBLE COMING of CAPTAIN AL COHOL
Issue # 14 - Household Dangers : Guns and Computers
Issue # 15 - Spiderman Has a Secret
Issue # 16 - SPECIAL MYSTERY PROBLEM ISSUE
Issue # 17 - 1956/1962 Planned Parenthood comic on Birth Control
Issue # 18 - " USERS are LOSERS ! " ( 1970 Drug Abuse Comic )
Issue # 19 - Gov. George C Wallace on SEGREGATION ( 1962 )
Issue # 20 - DANGEROUS PLAYGROUNDS
( 1955 )
Issue # 21 - CAPTAIN AWARENESS : SEXUAL ASSAULT ON CAMPUS
Issue # 22 - BOBBY GETS HEP ( 1946 )
Issue # 23 - MILITARY COURTESY : Do n't Ask , Don't Tell
Issue # 24 - ANIMAL COURTESY : Do n't Bruise That Pig
Issue # 25 - Treat Your M - 16 Rifle Like a LADY
Issue # 26 - Extremely Obscure 1969 Pap Smear Gynecology Comic Book
Appendix Item : 1965 Venereal Disease Comic , " Johnny Gets the Word "
Issue # 27 - Two Faces of Communism ( 1961 )
Issue # 28 - Homosexuality : Legitimate Alternate DEATHSTYLE ( 1986 )
Issue # 29 - THE MONKEY by Al Feldstein and Joe Orlando ( 1953 )
Issue # 30 - Dick Hafer was an Asshole Part Two - Conclusion ( see issue # 28 )
Issue # 31 - DANNY AND THE DEMON - CYCLE ( 1972 )
Issue # 32 - FISCAL WHINERS DEPT : Alice In Blunderland ( 1952 )
Issue # 33 - 1978 : Introducing Pip !
The Poison Prevention Elephant
Issue # 34 - Early and undocumented NAACP Comic Book History ( 1960 and 1964 )
Supplement item of equal value : 1956 MLK comic in English and Spanish
Appendix Item : 1949 Children 's Hospital Fundraising Comic Strips
Rarest known art by Al Capp
Issue # 35 - Crackpot Comics - AMERICA UNDER SOCIALISM ( 1950 )
From elsewhere : Bruce Banner escapes rape attempt at the YMCA ( images 1 - 2 - 3 )
Bonus Items / Roe v. Wade Decision Comics :
" Who Killed Junior " and " Abortion Eve "
Issue # 36 - CRISIS AT THE CARSONS ( 1958 )
Issue # 37 - Learn Cherokee with Blondie and Dagwood ( 1975 )
From elsewhere :
Our friends at Erowid present
MICKEY AND GOOFY SELL SPEED IN AFRICA ( 1951 )
Superman's Girlfriend Lois Lane is Curious ( Black ! )
Issue # 38 - RARE DOCUMENT :
The U.S. Army 's official Do n't Ask Don't Tell homosexual policy comic book ( 2001 )
From elsewhere , Instantly perfect : Foreskin Man , The Pippy Protector
Issue # 39 - Postscript issue to DADT comic :
X -MEN SEVERE BURN VICTIM UNIT / POPEYE P.T.S.D .
BONUS BONUS BONUS HORRIBLE ITEMS BONUS BONUS BONUS
Hall of horreur ... Our Worst Item : TEA PARTY COMIX ( 2010 ) and
Hall of l'histoire ...
Other Worst Item : HOW TO SPOT A JAP ( 1946 )
Issue # 40 - HUMOR ISSUE : A DAY WITH WHITEY
PDF : Being Friends , Being Safe , Being Catholic
( NYC Diocese coloring book on priest abuse , 2007 )
Issue # 41 - VINTAGE STRIP MINING / SURFACE MINING COMICS
Link : Support Labor in U.S. ( 1948 Joe Worker and the Story of Labor Comic )
PDF : Shinzuoka Prefecture Japanese Earthquake Survival Manual , 2011
MTV Switzerland Condom Comics : one - two - three ( via adfreak )
Original Artwork to : " I JOINED A TEEN - AGE SEX CLUB ! " Additional Item : Front Cover
Issue # 42 - 1989 HALFWAY HOUSE COMIC BOOK
Issue # 43 - VINTAGE BATSHIT U.S. AGITPROP , " DAFFY QADDAFI " ( 1986 )
See also : 1984 Invasion of Grenada Comic Book
Appendix item : Hey , Let 's hear it for comic book titles !
PDF : " What You Should Know About Diarrhea " ( Guatemala , 1993 )
People have been writing us for 5 - 10 years about referencing a Jack T Chick comic .
Okay , here 's our first link to something about a Jack T Chick comic .
PDF : The world 's one and only OFFICIAL
ALZHEIMER'S ASSOCIATION COMIC : " What 's Happening to Grandpa ? "
Issue # 44 - INTRODUCING
GOOD WILLY , THE GOODWILL INDUSTRIES MASCOT ( 1953 )
Issue # 45 - " YOUR FRIEND , THE POLICEMAN " ( 1963 and 1968 , NYPD )
Issue # 46 - " GET TOUGH ! " ( 1942 military guide )
Issue # 47 - HO HO HO - Fear of a Dead Newspaper - HOLIDAY EDITION
Vintage Pro-Pot Comic Book
Ad , " The insult that made a NORML Man out of Mick ! " ( 1975 )
Issue # 48 - DESERT STORM : SEND HUSSEIN TO HELL ! ( 1991 )
Issue # 49 - Instant Classic : " MIKE & TOM " on BINGE DRINKING ( 1978 )
Issue # 50 - Complete
Set of Phoenix AZ public school 's new BICYCLE SAFETY comic books — Gruesome !
Issue # 51 - THE PHANTOM RUNS FOR CITY COUNCIL IN ABORIGINAL AUSTRALIA
Repent Vigorously to this great selection of comic strips from the
1969 NEW SAINT JOSEPH BALTIMORE CATECHISM ( Page One , Page Two )
PDF : Sam the Disaster Horse on TERRORISM AWARENESS
Single Panel Problem : The Archies ' GROUP POOP ( 1970 )
Issue # 52 - FIRE POWER ( 1950 Ethyl Corporation comic on Gasoline )
Issue # 53 - ELECTION DAY COMICS FROM 1960
Issue # 54 - GOOD WILLY RETURNS FOR OUR HOLIDAY COMIC ( 1954 )
Issue # 55 - THREAT TO FREEDOM : A Picture Story Exposing Communism ( 1965 )
Issue # 56 - SEX AND AFFECTION ( 1974 ) - Our First Ever Censored Comic !
Cover to SPANISH VARIANT of Dennis the Menace on Family Stress ( cwp # 9 )
Daniel el Travieso , " Como Manejar La Tension Familiar "
Issue # 57 - Army issued " COMIC BOOK " on heroin abuse in Vietnam ( 1971 )
Issue # 58 - THE RUBBERS BROS in " Dance Team " ( 1990 )
Issue # 59 - 1974 Anti-EVOLUTION
Comic asks " Have You Been ... BRAINWASHED ? "
- New - SINGLE PAGE PROBLEMS :
Mrs. Patricia Greene in " Her Robe Caught Fire ! " ( 1981 )
Unidentified Brunette in " She Wandered in a Daze ! " ( 1984 )
Mr. Silas Payne in " Flaming Gas Enveloped Their Father ! " ( 1980 )
Young Keith Lambert in " Slashed by a Glass Door ! " ( 1980 )
Michael Gaygo in " Fireworks Blew Off His Fingers ! " ( 1984 )
1958 Mail - Order Correspondence School Scam entitled " The Mailman "
( Learn Nuclear Engineering at home , even )
Issue # 60 - RONALD McDONALD in ADVENTURES IN SCOUTING ( 1970s )
- New - SUPPLEMENT : GREEN SURVIVAL ( 1971 Ecology Comic on Plants )
Issue # 61 - Full set of Superman Bosnian War Landmine Awareness Comics ( 1996 )
Issue # 62 - KID JUSTICE BATTLES AIDS ! ( 1994 )
And the story of MR HAPPY TOOTH GETS DOWN IN YOUR MOUTH ( 1996 )
Issue # 63 - DON'T DRINK THE WATER !... This is CHEMICAL WARFARE
( Anti-Flouride Comic Book ! )
Issue # 64 - The TANTRUMS OF LIL ' BESS ( 1945 Religious Comic on Behavior )
Issue # 65 - Late - Era TEMPERANCE
COMIC on evils of Alcohol , UNKEPT PROMISE ! ( 1949 )
Issue # 66 - FAR OUT GREEN ! -
A complete set of
Frank Thorne 's Social Welfare comics ( 1971 - 1974 )
Issue # 67 - GABBY THE PUPPET in THE RIDDLE OF THE FRIENDLY STRANGER ( 1960s )
Issue # 68 - THE BODY ODOR COMICS of LIFEBUOY SOAP ( 1930s - 1940s )
Issue # 69 - COMRADE MARXIE and HIS PLANS for AMERICA ( 1967 Anti-Communism )
Issue # 70 - HISTORY POST / NON - PROBLEM : Full Set of Dell 's LOBO Comics
The first African American character to get his own comic book series
Issue # 71 - The Alcoholics Anonymous / Alcoholism Comic Strips of WASH TUBBS ( 1949 )
Issue # 72 - Grim 1950s GUN COMICS from National Rifle Association ! ( 1956 )
Issue # 73 - Ultra -Rare THE STORY OF THE IRON LUNG ( 1951 , March of Dimes )
Issue # 74 - YOUTH IN THE GHETTO AND A BLUEPRINT FOR CHANGE ( 1964 )
SINGLE SHEET HANDBILL : " Russia Will Be Converted from Sin " ( 1947 )
Wikipedia , the people 's encylopedia , has trousered a $ 3 m donation from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation , to be paid in equal chunks over three years .
Which is nice .
Even nicer , the money hails from a charity , and not from philanthropic venture capitalists , who may or may not have commercial designs upon Wikipedia 's ads- unsullied pages .
Wikipedia is the world 's eighth biggest website , but it has a measly 15 full - time employees , up from last year 's even more measly 10 .
It will use the Sloan cash to fund quality improvements and to up staff levels to 25 people .
As Sue Gardner , executive director of the non-profit Wikimedia Foundation , notes , Wikipedia has been " operating on a shoestring : unable to pursue partnerships , execute projects , or even to effectively fundraise .
This institutional support from Sloan will enable us to make progress on some key goals : increasing quality , broadening participation , and distributing free knowledge to people without Internet connectivity . "
Now for Doron Weber of Sloan : " We are delighted to support the Wikimedia Foundation and to help develop its organizational capacity and improve the quality of its flagship , Wikipedia ...
Wikipedia represents a quantum leap in collecting human knowledge from diverse sources , organizing it without commercial or other bias , and making it freely available to people everywhere . ”
Doron 's notion of bias differs from ours , but Wikipedia has been short of good news lately - check out the related stories below .
On such a day it would be churlish of us to quibble .
Let us instead offer our congratulations .
This way for the press release . ®
Code examples should be : Ruby - specific Anything but Ruby Ruby , but general A mix of specific and general ideas pollcode.com free polls
I first heard about Ruby when Matz spoke at LL2 in November , 2002 .
I experimented with it on and off over the next few years , and I liked it .
I also experimented with C# , Groovy , and a few others , but Ruby reminded me of Smalltalk , a language I used in the 80s and loved , so I stuck with it even though I seemed to be one of three people using Ruby without using Rails .
Lately , the internet echo chamber is souring on Ruby and moving from embracing it to hating it .
I suspect that although people are quoting all sorts of technical reasons for their dislike , it comes down to cultural forces .
Shrug .
I am reminded of the time I showed up in high school one September on a skateboard .
To give you an idea of where skateboards were in those days , my model had clay wheels designed for wood - rink roller - skates , not the polyurethane we have today .
Any ways , everyone laughed at me .
The next Summer , everyone had one , and they were laughing at the fact that I did n't ride the latest model , even though I was a more accomplished free - styler and slalom rider .
Then , the fad passed , and I was the iconoclast again , still riding my board while everyone embraced mopeds .
Guess what ?
There is no villain in the story .
I was happy riding with my friends .
The people who jumped on and off fads were happy , and they were learning important life skills about participating in human culture .
And the fad was a big win : Early boards really were n’t very good , and the popularity brought money and manufacturing scale to skateboarding that improved the technology .
Paul Graham has said that the real world is nothing like high school .
I ’m not so sure .
I often use Ruby for code examples .
What do you think :
Should I continue using Ruby , or should I use another language for examples ?
If I continue using Ruby , should I try to show idiomatic Ruby or should I try to focus on general ideas that can be applied elsewhere ?
Labels : ruby
PRESS RELEASE
Supplementary six - month longer - term refinancing operations and continuation of the supplementary three - month longer - term refinancing operations
The Governing Council decided at its meeting on 27 March 2008 to conduct supplementary longer‑term refinancing operations ( LTROs ) with a maturity of six months .
In addition , the Governing Council decided to conduct further supplementary LTROs with a three month maturity .
The regular monthly LTROs remain unaffected .
These supplementary three - month and six - month LTROs are aimed at supporting the normalisation of the functioning of the euro money market .
The supplementary three - month and six - month operations will be carried out as follows :
Musa Hilal , who is accused of leading militias on a state - sponsored campaign to cleanse parts of Darfur of non-Arab farmers , will act as special advisor to the minister of federal government , local media reported .
The appointment was made despite Hilal facing a United Nations travel ban and sanctions for his role in the conflict , and ahead of his possible indictment by the International Criminal Court for alleged war crimes .
Hilal has admitted recruiting local Janjaweed militias for the government , but denies personal involvement in the scorched earth campaign that has driven more than two million people from their homes , and seen more than 200,000 people die .
He told Reuters on Sunday that his new role would be based in Khartoum but would include travel to outlying areas .
Analysts say Hilal 's nomination will act as a further stumbling block to efforts to persuade Darfur 's myriad rebel groups to enter peace talks with the government , who they accuse of condoning and even rewarding those people responsible for the worst atrocities in Sudan 's western region .
In September , President Omar al - Bashir appointed Ahmad Muhammad Harun , one of two men sought by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur , as state minister for humanitarian affairs .
The other accused , an alleged Janjaweed leader known as Ali Kushayb , was freed from jail the following month .
Richard Dicker , director of the International Justice Program at Human Rights Watch , said the UN secretary general , Ban Ki Moon , who is due to meet President al - Bashir during an African Union summit next week , should insist that Hilal 's position is revoked .
" Musa Hilal is the poster child for Janjaweed atrocities in Darfur , " said Dicker .
" Rewarding him with a special government post is a slap in the face to Darfur victims and to the UN Security Council . "
In April 2003 , shortly after a rebel attack on a Darfur army base that triggered the conflict , Hilal , the son of a famous paramount chief , was released from prison in Port Sudan where he was serving a sentence for robbery .
He immediately returned to Darfur , convening a meeting where he reportedly ordered Arab tribesman to attack all non-Arab villages and steal their livestock .
He was given arms and supplies by the government .
In a Guardian interview in 2004 , Hilal said that he raised a militia from his clan to fight the rebellion launched by mainly African ethnic groups in Darfur .
" The government was putting forward a programme of arming for all the people , " he said .
" I called our sons and told them to become armed . "
But rights groups allege that Hilal 's role went far beyond recruitment .
It says that he ran training camps for his fighters , and was present at the scene of several large attacks on villages in North Darfur .
As part of its case against Harun , prosecutors at the International Criminal Court described Hilal as a " notorious militia / Janjaweed leader " who spoke alongside Harun at a militia rally in 2003 , making a " very racist " speech in which he talked of " holy war " .
The court said it will issue more indictments , and Hilal is thought to be high on the list of candidates .
Sally Chin , a Sudan analyst at the International Crisis Group , said Hilal 's appointment came at a time when some Arab communities in Darfur were voicing anger at the government , and even forming alliances with rebel groups .
" Giving Hilal an official position is a disturbing move , " she said .
" It sends a very negative message to Darfur and to the negotiation process . "
How 's that for a bold prediction ?
Seriously , I think Mark Steyn had it exactly wrong this afternoon , when he wrote :
A McCain victory in SC has to be good news for Giuliani because the narrative becomes " Stop McCain ! " and Rudy 's best poised to do that - not just because his numbers in Florida have n't yet collapsed to the same undetectable levels as they have everywhere else , but because Huck and Mitt and Fred will be fairly proven failures at the " Stop McCain " game .
So , if stopping him 's your priority , then Rudy 's the one - stop shop after everyone 's stopped shopping around .
He 'll be the last ABM ( Anyone - But - McCain ) in with a shot .
A Huck victory in SC , by contrast , keeps the other fellows alive , which makes it more likely that the attrition in Rudy numbers will continue .
If Romney had n't won Michigan , I could almost imagine something like this happening .
( Indeed , I did imagine it , back when it looked like Romney might flame out early . )
But with his " three golds and two silvers " and his delegate lead , Romney still looks sufficiently viable that he , not Rudy , is shaping up to be the natural " stop McCain " candidate in Florida for movement conservatives who can't stand the Arizona Senator .
Moreover , everything we 've seen so far suggests that Giuliani and McCain are competing for a similar demographic within the GOP primary electorate , and I expect that whatever momentum McCain gets from South Carolina will win him more Floridian votes at Rudy 's expense than at Romney 's or Huckabee's .
Which will make the Sunshine State - and the primaries beyond - essentially a two - man McCain - Romney race , with Huck playing spoiler and Giuliani dropping out of sight .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
This photo from the St. Petersburg Times shows an E - meter with the optional remote tone arm to the left .
The two " cans " in the photo are joined together by a plastic insulator insert , allowing both to be held in one hand for solo auditing .
This type of auditing is practiced only on the most advanced ( and most expensive ) Scientology levels , namely , OT III and Solo NOTs ( New Era Dianetics for Operating Thetans . )
The remote tone arm attachment , sitting to the left of the meter , is used in solo auditing .
The person holds the cans in one hand and uses their other hand both to take notes and to work the large knurled knob on the left side of the remote .
The knob is geared to the dial on the front of the remote , so moving one also moves the other .
Alternatively , the person could move the front dial with their pen .
What is metered auditing really like ?
Robert Kaufman spills the beans in his book Inside Scientology / Dianetics , which the Scientology organization tried to suppress .
European biodiesel producers yesterday triggered a fresh transatlantic trade war by urging the EU to impose punitive duties on cheap imports from the US .
Low - priced imports of biofuels , as part of the so - called " splash and dash " trade , are putting many European producers out of business , industry group the European Biodiesel Board ( EBB ) claimed .
Their American rivals immediately hit back by urging the federal government to take action against any protective measures for the European industry .
The row comes as oil prices have risen to new highs this week at close to $ 120 ( £ 60 ) a barrel and world food prices have surged , partly due to pressure on land from biofuels production .
The EBB said it had formally lodged a complaint to the European Commission over unfair competition from the US that was putting most EU producers out of business .
It is demanding duties on so - called B99 biodiesel exports - biodiesel with 1 % petroleum diesel - claiming they are unfairly subsidised and then dumped in the EU — where they can win new subsidies .
US biodiesel exports are subsidised by up to $ 300 a tonne .
Some trading firms have also been shipping biofuels to the US , where they add a " splash " of mineral diesel to qualify for the subsidy and then send the fuel back to the EU .
These exports have risen dramatically since last year , causing what the EBB calls " severe injury " to European producers .
Earlier this month D1 Oils , a leading but loss - making UK producer , said it would shut all its British refining operations as a direct result of lower - priced imports .
D1 said it hoped to sell the sites and equipment but said the economics of the business were now so poor that it would be lucky to make much on their disposal .
Elliott Mannis , D1 Oils ' chief executive , said it was " extremely frustrating " that the company had been forced to bow out of refining because nothing had been done to stop the deluge of B99 biodiesel from the US .
" It 's an unbelievable situation and there is no end in sight , " he added .
Brussels sources indicated that the EBB had a strong prima facie case .
It is understood that Peter Mandelson , EU trade commissioner , and Susan Schwab , the US federal trade representative , have held extensive talks on the issue but failed to reach a deal .
Mandelson 's spokesman said : " We've had extensive contacts with the EBB over several months .
We 're glad that they have finally submitted their request and will examine it thoroughly , pursuing the issue vigorously with the US .
We will not tolerate unfair trade . "
But Manning Feraci , vice - president of federal affairs at the National Biodiesel Board in the US , said : " It is hypocritical for the EBB to cry foul while they benefit from a blatant trade barrier . "
EU biodiesel fuel specifications were discriminatory and breached World Trade Organisation rules , he said , threatening to lodge a counter - complaint with Schwab .
The EU and US are already embroiled in several high - profile and long - standing trade wars , including over beef and poultry imports from America , genetically modified seeds and foods and , above all , subsidies for rival plane - makers Airbus and Boeing .
This latest row comes as the US is stepping up biodiesel production as an antidote to dependence on imported crude , while the EU is having second thoughts about its target of using biofuels for 10 % of transport fuels by 2020 because of the impact on food prices and land use .
The commission has 45 days to examine the EBB complaint and a further nine months to impose provisional duties — unless Mandelson and Schwab , desperately but forlornly trying to revive the stalled Doha round of WTO talks on trade liberalisation , can cut a deal .
They pulled him out of a civvie MMOG and gave him a multimillion - dollar fighter jet because he matched a profile : youthful reflexes , controlled aggression , a healthy dissociation from the game itself .
He did n't go on tilt .
I had demonstrated how important it was to find pilots who could disconnect .
When I lost my first jet to automated flak turrets in a Eurasian red state , I busted my control rig .
It was that a computer beat me , I think , that got me so pissed .
I kept picturing my plane disintegrating like a flicked cigarette , orange bits arcing down over blackened hills .
Back in the day I used to bust controllers on my Xbox Infinity , too , but those were n't custom - designed , user - responsive remote - piloting apparatuses ( " Reps , " the tech guys call them ) .
It took them two weeks to fix it , but it could 've been one .
They just did n't want me at the kit for a while .
He was brought on right after that .
Part of a fresh crop selected off leaderboards and blind multiplayer challenges .
Pit a ballsy civilian against an anonymous UAV pilot and see how he does .
It 's a fairer fight than you might think .
Do n't tell them they 're in a multiplayer duel with an Air Force pilot , and they bring the same level of play they can manage day to day .
This last crop of newbies could 've gone pro .
These kids did n't just shoot you down , they spat on your wreckage .
So when it was time to hand down call signs , we named him Griefer .
To get them up to speed , they paired each newbie with one of us from the senior classes .
I got Griefer .
He was what you 'd expect : 12 , angry and arrogant , dressed in oversized clothes wired for sound .
I do n't think I had a single conversation with him when his eyes were n't on the phone around his neck .
Signing bonus .
Our first mission was against guerilla UAVs in South America - drug - funded , very quick .
The pilots were probably hopped up on designer speed .
We had Red Bull .
Cartel planes are cheap , sold by the dozen out the back of Malaysian factories .
But they 're plentiful , and painless to lose .
Inside three minutes , a pilot can log into a new plane and be pushing the fight .
They 're little guys , not the boss battles you face in Eurasia , and our scores were great .
CNN put us in the top 10 percent that week .
Our footage was a top download for 36 hours .
I 'm the better pilot , he 's the better shot .
I 'd line them up , he'd take them down with a zen , pinball - hero focus that would 've drawn arcade crowds in the old days .
A flick of the right - hand stick , a pull on each trigger and they came down like tattered kites .
Hardly enough mechanics in those solar things to blow .
A tap of the bumper , and he was on the yellow button with two fingers , letting loose streamers of white smoke tipped with tiny white - phosphorous warheads .
The colonel was just starting to chew him out for wasting ammo when new spawns were flitting up out of the jungle canopy .
The kick of launch gasses drew in Griefer 's warheads and the second wave was down before they hit fighting altitude .
He was a hotshot and I wanted to hate him for it .
" There was probably never a time in human history that the topic of men and women was n't laden with cliches , " said Onur Gunturkun , a bio-psychologist at the Ruhr University Bochum .
" For the most part , the books on the market [ in Germany ] at the moment are an embarrassment .
What stands out about these books is that they , as always , contain a kernel of truth , which is , however , generalized in a fully unacceptable way . "
Gunturkun specializes in research into male and female brains .
" We can't say there are no biological differences .
There are .
But we also can't say : since there are these biological differences , the destinies of men and woman have been predetermined .
We are actually absolutely free . "
But this freedom only exists in theory , according to American sociologist Heather Hofmeister .
Relatively few women can be found in the top echelons of Germany 's medical institutes
" Women have good abilities in math .
But they often end up thinking that they are not as good , because girls are n't supposed to be good at math is the message from society .
So we close out opportunities for young men and young women , because they are men or women . "
Cyclical differences
Neuroscientist Gunturkun has examined the math cliche and discovered that men do indeed often surpass women in solving spatial tasks , but only at certain times of the month .
" We were able to show that women during menstruation were as good as men at these tasks , " he said .
" That is , it 's a myth that women simply can't do it .
There are only certain times when they can't .
Namely around the 20th day of their cycles , they were indeed clearly worse . "
Sociologist Hofmeister maintains that deep - seated role assignments hinder social progress .
And they exist even in countries considered to be enlightened and modern .
In Germany , Austria and Switzerland girls continue to be pressured into defining themselves based on the role of the " good mother . "
In contrast , society views women who are successful in their careers with suspicion .
That also explains the relatively low number of women in leadership positions in these countries , according to Henning Sass of Aachen 's university clinic .
Sixty - five percent of students are female in the first years of medical studies , while at the upper ranks of the medical profession , only 5 percent of the professors , chief and senior physicians are women .
Cliches discourage girls from pursuing scientific subjects
Sass believes the striking numbers do reflect biological differences between the genders .
" Male behavior is more strongly determined by conflict , rivalry , aggressiveness , wanting to dominate , wanting to assert oneself , to stand one 's ground , to reach a leadership position , " he said .
Socio-cultural constructs
But others disagree .
Biological differences are only relevant when it comes to reproduction , according to Wassilios Fthenakis , a socio- anthropologist at Italy 's Free University in Bozen - Bolzano .
His research has convinced him that other differences between men and women are socio-cultural constructions , behaviors which even the smallest child has internalized .
Fthenakis observed children playing and repeatedly witnessed the same behavior : boys who played with dolls or perfume and girls who took an interest in building bricks were shunned by their peers .
" When you observe these children , you see that they succumb to pressure from the group not to show such behavior , " he said .
" Thus the children are forced to either play with adults or to play alone , so no one notices what they do , or even to disavow their behavior .
That is : they lie . "
Peer pressure keeps boys and girls in " their place , " Fthenakis said
Fthenakis developed new educational plans for the German states of Hesse and Bavaria as well as for the South Tyrol region of Italy .
He calls for breaking down socially defined structures among infants .
Every child , male or female , must be accepted and encouraged as an individual , regardless of gender , he argues .
And he 's seen that such an approach works , at a kindergarten in Melbourne , Australia .
" I 've never seen a kindergarten where the harmony and the good relations between boys and girls was so exceptional as it was there .
It was an encouraging example that we should take seriously , and [ we ] should consider carefully how we treat boys and girls today . "
This report was generatedbased on the past month 's traffic to all websites that use W3 Counter 's free web stats .
Permanent link to this report : http://www.w3counter.com/globalstats.php?year=2008&month=02
Do n't just read the report , be a part of it !
Track your website 's visitor activity in real - time with W3 Counter .
Sign up for your free account
Browse column F RESNO , CA — OK , let ’s talk hardware for once .
I love the hardware , always have ; the reason I do n’t talk much about it is that what we ’ve got is mostly useless , and what we really do need is always getting slammed .
I ’ll give you two examples : the F / A - 18 and the V - 22 .
If you ’re a typical half - baked Tom Clancy fan , you know what to think of both these planes : F / A - 18 good , V - 22 bad .
Wrong on both counts .
In fact , that ’s why it ’s hard to talk hardware , because you have to de-program so much crap from the standard view .
Start with the V - 22 Osprey .
You probably know the basics : it ’s a transport aircraft with engines out on the end of the wings that can rotate forward to fly like a conventional plane and tilt up to vertical ( that ’s what the V is for ) so it can land like a helicopter .
Rotating propellars :
The ultimate insurgent cuisinart !
And everybody knows , or thinks they know , that it ’s a lemon .
It ’s ten years behind schedule ; it keeps crashing ; it ’s already killed more than 50 Marines .
And Dick Cheney hates it .
Back when he was Secretary of Defense , Cheney said the V - 22 was " … one weapons system I do n’t need . "
That ’s as good a place as any to start your deprogramming : whatever Dick Cheney says , think the opposite .
If Dick Cheney tells you it ’s a sunny day , get your umbrella .
It ’s no surprise to me that Cheney hates this weapons system , because Cheney is , and I ’m kind of half serious here , an Iranian agent who hates America and wants to destroy us .
He ’s all for spending trillions of our tax dollars on absolutely worthless weapons like aircraft carriers , but he fought hard against the Osprey because it ’s the one contemporary weapons system that could have made a difference in Operation Desert One / Eagle Claw , the Iran hostage - rescue attempt back in the days of Reverend Jimmy Carter .
That ’s a good handy test to ask yourself about any weapons system : would it have helped in Desert One ?
That ’s the kind of mission we need to think about : special ops , fast and quiet .
So , would the Osprey have helped ?
Hell yes .
If we ’d had something like it in service , the rescue mission might not have ended so disgustingly .
You probably remember the whole miserable story back in 1980 : we had to use CH - 53 heavy - lift choppers on that raid , even though they ’ve always had a bad rep , and they ’re not designed for transport anyway , let alone high - value , high - risk special operations transport .
By the time they reached their first rendezvous with the USAF ’s C -130 .
Only five of the eight choppers were still working , and the mission was scrubbed .
During takeoff after the scrub , one of the CH - 53s , underpowered and overweight , was blown into a C - 130 .
Kaboom !
Giant fireball , eight men dead , and the next day some greasy mullah had himself photographed holding up a charred American pilot ’s arm .
If you ’re a glutton for pain , you can read the more detailed article I did on it : http://www.exile.ru/articles/detail.php?ARTICLE_ID=7847&IBLOCK_ID=35
Replay that raid with the Osprey as basic transport and you get a very different result .
The Osprey carries 32 troops at a cruising speed of 250 mph ; there ’d be no need to land in the middle of the desert , because it can be refueled air - to - air .
The flight would have landed directly at the staging area near Tehran , without any need to touch down in the desert during a sandstorm .
A fleet of Ospreys instead of CH - 53s would probably have ferried Beckwith ’s guys safely to their staging base outside Tehran .
To be honest , I do n’t think the mission , at least from that point on , ever had a chance ; it was James Bond crap that required this big American force to infiltrate Tehran in trucks and rescue the hostages , then fight its way back to the planes .
It was like some mid- 80s screenplay that would ’ve starred Patrick Swayze .
Pages : Previous 1 234 Next Print Share article
This website has moved here .
Washington DC , USA : A couple pose with a 6ft cutout of Pope Benedict XVI , put up in preparation for the Pope 's first visit to the US
Photograph : Chip Somodevilla / Getty
OBAMA BOOSTS NATIONWIDE LEAD OVER CLINTON OBAMA BOOSTS NATIONWIDE LEAD OVER CLINTON
Obama widens national lead in USA TODAY / Gallup Poll WASHINGTON  Barack Obama has widened his lead nationally for the Democratic presidential nomination despite a furor over his comments about small - town Americans , a USA TODAY / Gallup Poll finds .
Rival Hillary Rodham Clinton is getting more of the blame among those who say their contest has become too negative .
As the candidates make a final push for votes in today 's Pennsylvania primary , Obama leads the survey by 50 % - 40 % among Democrats and voters who lean Democratic .
That 's a bigger edge than the 7 percentage - point lead he held in the USA TODAY poll last month .
NEXT VOTE : Pa. primary spotlights Democrats ' divide USA TODAY ON POLITICS : More detail on the poll Efforts by Clinton and John McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee , to characterize Obama as elitist for his remarks at a San Francisco fundraiser seem to have failed .
Seven of 10 say Obama " respects working - class Americans " rather than looks down on them — a slightly more positive reading than that for McCain or Clinton .
In words he later described as ill chosen , Obama said earlier this month that economic hard times had prompted Americans from small towns in Pennsylvania and elsewhere to " get bitter " and " cling to guns or religion or anti-pathy to people who are n't like them . "
Meanwhile , President Bush set an unwelcome record , scoring the highest disapproval rating — 69 % — in the history of the Gallup Poll , which dates to Franklin Roosevelt 's tenure .
Bush 's approval rating is 28 % , matching the low point of his presidency .
Harry Truman still holds the record for the lowest approval rating , at 23 % .
A record number of Americans , 63 % , now say the invasion of Iraq was a mistake .
In the survey , Obama edges McCain 47 % - 44 % among registered voters .
Clinton beats McCain 50 % - 44 % .
Both leads are within the margin of error .
Democrats are split on whether the continuing primary campaign is damaging the party 's prospects in November .
Half say it is hurting the party and leaders should get together and back one of the contenders ; half say it is n't hurting the party and should continue until a candidate clinches the nomination .
Democrats are divided , too , about whether the contest has become too negative .
Among the half who say it has , 43 % blame Clinton , 3 % blame Obama .
Fifty - three percent blame both equally .
Both campaigns have sharpened their attacks campaigning and in TV ads in Pennsylvania , where today 's primary looms as a crucial test for Clinton 's campaign .
Statewide surveys show her ahead , but her onetime 20 - percentage point lead has narrowed .
The telephone survey of 1,016 adults , taken Friday through Sunday , has a margin of error of +/- 3 points for the full sample .
The error margin for the sample of 552 Democrats is 5 points .
Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , addresses supporters at a town hall meeting in Reading , Pa. , on Sunday .
By Bradley Bower , Reuters Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Quick , which is better for the environment : paper cups or styrofoam ones ?
If you chose paper ( because of its biodegradibility ) , you 'd be surprised at the answer .
Eco Joe tells us why styrofoam is actually the " greener " choice of the two .
For example :
Paper Cups Don’t Biodegrade
Well , they do eventually ( as does anything , eventually ) , but it takes much more time than I ’d thought for a paper cup to biodegrade .
The gubmint says , “ Modern landfills are designed to inhibit degradation so that toxic wastes do not seep into the surrounding soil and groundwater .
The paper cup will still be a paper cup 20 years from now . ”
Paper Cups Use More Raw Materials and Energy Than Styrofoam ( And Cost More )
This was a surprise to me : “ A study by Canadian scientist Martin Hocking shows that making a paper cup uses as much petroleum or natural gas as a polystyrene cup .
Plus , the paper cup uses wood pulp .
The Canadian study said , ‘ The paper cup consumes 12 times as much steam , 36 times as much electricity , and twice as much cooling water as the plastic cup . ’
And because the paper cup uses more raw materials and energy , it also costs 2.5 times more than the plastic cup . ”
Link ( Photo : lilivanili [ Flickr ] ) |
Here 's what Starbucks has to say about their paper cups : Link - via The Issue
Time : ' Cheery , unapologetic ' Clinton vows to push on Agence France - Presse
Published : Wednesday March 26 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton vowed to fight all the way to the Democrats ' August convention in her bruising battle against Barack Obama for the White House nomination .
In an interview with Time magazine published Wednesday , the New York senator said even pledged delegates would be up for grabs as she vies to overhaul Obama 's seemingly impregnable lead in the 10 remaining nominating contests .
" We talk a lot about so - called pledged delegates , but every delegate is expected to exercise independent judgment , " she said , staking out a position on elected convention representatives that is hotly contested by the Obama camp .
" And , you know , I 'm just going to do the best I can in the next 10 contests to make my case to the voters in those elections , and then we 'll see where we are , " she said .
Clinton 's fighting talk came despite growing noises from Democratic elders that the party needs to unite behind a nominee to take on Republican candidate John McCain well before the convention in Denver .
Senator Maria Cantwell , one of the party " superdelegates " who could decide the nomination , said the candidate with the most pledged delegates after the primary season ends in mid-June should be declared the winner .
" I definitely do n't want the superdelegates to be the deciding factor , " Cantwell told The Columbian newspaper in her home state of Washington .
" We would n't want to tear apart the party , " added the senator , who is a Clinton backer but whose position would appear to favor Obama .
The former first lady trails her rival from Illinois in the pledged delegate count , but neither can win enough backers to clinch the Democratic nomination without convention backing from the nearly 800 superdelegates .
In her Time interview , conducted Tuesday , Clinton again raised fiery sermons by Obama 's former pastor in a bid to undermine his electability against McCain in November 's general election .
Her supporters " want me to keep fighting , so this will all work out , " she said .
" We 're going to have a unified Democratic Party and we 'll go into the fall in a strong position to defeat John McCain . "
FULL TIME ARTICLE CAN BE READ AT THIS LINK
Advertisements
While speaking at a gas station in Indianapolis , IN today , Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama laid the blame for the nation ’s energy woes on the special interests and Washington , D.C. politicians desire to cater to them .
Obama also talked about his energy plan .
“ We need a President who ’s looking out for families in Indiana , not just doing what ’s good for multinational corporations , and that ’s the kind of President I ’ll be .
It is n’t right that oil companies are making record profits at a time when ordinary Americans are going into debt trying to pay rising energy costs .
In the paper today , there was an article about how millions of Americans are falling behind on their energy bills , and a record number of Americans could face energy shut - offs over the next two months , ” Obama said .
He proposed , “ That ’s why we ’ll put a windfall profits tax on oil companies and use it to help Indiana families pay their heating and cooling bills and reduce energy costs .
We ’ll also take steps to reduce the price of oil and increase transparency in how prices are set so we can ensure that energy companies are n’t bending the rules .
And to help Indiana families meet the rising cost of gas , we ’ll put a middle class tax cut in their pockets that will save them $ 1,000 a year , and we ’ll eliminate income taxes altogether for seniors making less than $ 50,000 . ”
Advertisements
He talked about investing in green technology to relieve our energy problems and create jobs , “ And as President , I ’ll work to solve this energy crisis once and for all .
We ’ll invest $ 150 billion over the next ten years in establishing a green energy sector that will create up to 5 million new jobs – and those are jobs that pay well and ca n’t be outsourced .
We ’ll invest in clean energies like solar , wind , and biodiesel .
And we ’ll help make sure that the fuel we ’re using is more efficient . ”
Obama said about Clinton and McCain , “ The candidates with the Washington experience – my opponents – are good people .
They mean well .
But they ’ve been in Washington for a long time , and even with all that experience they talk about , nothing has happened .
This country did n’t raise fuel efficiency standards for over thirty years .
So what have we got for all that experience ?
Gas that ’s approaching $ 4 a gallon – because you can fight all you want inside Washington , but until you change the way it works , you wo n’t be able to make the changes Americans need . ”
One of Obama ’s greatest assets is his honesty .
Unlike his opponents , he does n’t try to minimize the energy problem .
Notice that unlike McCain , he did n’t offer a “ gas tax holiday ” that would only make our problems worse in the long term .
Obama offers real long term solutions , but what concerns me if he becomes the next president is that he will find out just how strong and entrenched the special interests really are , and how limited presidential power can be .
If you are going to vote Obama in the fall , be sure to vote for more Democratic Congressional candidates .
A President Obama will need a majority in Congress large enough to pass his agenda .
Text of Obama ’s remarks :
http://my.barackobama.com/page/community/post/samgrahamfelsen/gGCVRn
Just installed the new Windows Live Writer ( which can be downloaded here ) and am actually using it now to post this .
What can I say : thi ...
This is about Google App Engine which probably everyone has read about already .
I ’m quite excited about it .
Hosting has been the bane of the Python web world for a long time .
This provides a very compelling hosting situation for Python applications .
I ’m not as interested in this from a competitive perspective as I am from a simple this - is - awesome perspective .
Regardless of how this positions Python relative to other languages , this is something Python needs .
But even looking beyond that , I think this is something the open source world needs .
Open source web development is in a funny place .
There ’s a lot of reasons why web programming is a good domain for open source .
The barrier to entry for web development is extremely low .
Developers have choice in their tools , as browsers do n’t really care what software you use so long as you serve up HTML .
This leads to experimentation and excitement and the kind of self - direction that is very motivating to developers .
It leads to the kind of personal excitement that underlies most open source development .
Despite this , open source web application development does n’t seem sustainable .
There ’s some applications , sure .
WordPress , Trac , MediaWiki , MoinMoin .
But most wiki software does n’t have a vibrant community .
Many a bug tracker has fallen by the wayside .
Blog software projects have a horrible time building a viable community .
Other website software hardly gets anywhere at all .
A lot of the development that might appear to be application development really is more like a framework when you look closely ( e.g. , Plone , Drupal ) .
I think deployment concerns are a huge part of this .
And , given its better deployment story , it ’s no surprise PHP is the basis of most viable open source web applications .
Being interested in a project requires that you be able to use the product ( and usually use it casually , as that ’s the point of entry for many developers ) .
Right now most people ca n’t use open source web applications .
But people can use hosted applications , and that ’s where all the effort has gone in the past few years .
I am comfortable saying that Trac is a better issue tracker than Google Code ’s issue tracker .
But I ’d probably recommend Google Code to someone starting a new project , because it ’s so much less work .
Similarly I ’d try to dissuade most people from installing their own blog software .
I still do n’t know what to tell people about a CMS .
Many people are excited about how far up you might be able to scale something based on App Engine , but ( like Dave ) I ’m excited about how far it could be scaled down .
For the majority of sites the free quota will be more than enough .
But that alone is n’t the point : there ’s lots of free services people can use .
The difference here is that the free services can be modified and controlled by the anyone who signs up and installs an application .
From the perspective of open source it ’s a bit awkward that the platform itself is proprietary .
Questions about sharecropping are a valid concern , but I ’m optimistic about the ultimate outcome .
The SDK is under a permissive open source license , and the APIs are all reasonable enough that they could be reimplemented with open source backends ( maybe without the same scalability , but that ’s not the aspect I care about anyway ) .
Perhaps the BigTable APIs will serve as the basis for future storage APIs .
But even if other people make compatible implementations of these APIs , would it matter ?
If Google offers free hosting , is someone else really going to be able to provide a better hosting option ?
Or would these other implementations just be strawmen , a way to show that It Could Be Done ?
If the libraries are just written to prove a point , I ca n’t see them gaining much traction .
But I think these could be viable as there are other constraints to the App Engine environment that people may want to escape at some point in their application development .
As to the details of App Engine ?
Can you run Pylons or Paste on it ?
Well , that ’s a topic for another post .
Update : I wrote up some more thoughts
SYNOPSIS : The Gold Standard is an Economic myth whose only benefit is it sounds good
The legend of King Midas has been generally misunderstood .
Most people think the curse that turned everything the old miser touched into gold , leaving him unable to eat or drink , was a lesson in the perils of avarice .
But Midas ' true sin was his failure to understand monetary economics .
What the gods were really telling him is that gold is just a metal .
If it sometimes seems to be more , that is only because society has found it convenient to use gold as a medium of exchange - - a bridge between other , truly desirable , objects .
There are other possible mediums of exchange , and it is silly to imagine that this pretty , but only moderately useful , substance has some irreplaceable significance .
But there are many people -- nearly all of them ardent conservatives -- who reject that lesson .
While Jack Kemp , Steve Forbes , and Wall Street Journal editor Robert Bartley are best known for their promotion of supply - side economics , they are equally dedicated to the belief that the key to prosperity is a return to the gold standard , which John Maynard Keynes pronounced a " barbarous relic " more than 60 years ago .
With any luck , these latter - day Midases will never lay a finger on actual monetary policy .
Nonetheless , these are influential people -- they are one of the factions now struggling for the Republican Party 's soul -- and the passionate arguments they make for a gold standard are a useful window on how they think .
There is a case to be made for a return to the gold standard .
It is not a very good case , and most sensible economists reject it , but the idea is not completely crazy .
On the other hand , the ideas of our modern gold bugs are completely crazy .
Their belief in gold is , it turns out , not pragmatic but mystical .
The current world monetary system assigns no special role to gold ; indeed , the Federal Reserve is not obliged to tie the dollar to anything .
It can print as much or as little money as it deems appropriate .
There are powerful advantages to such an unconstrained system .
Above all , the Fed is free to respond to actual or threatened recessions by pumping in money .
To take only one example , that flexibility is the reason the stock market crash of 1987 -- which started out every bit as frightening as that of 1929 - - did not cause a slump in the real economy .
While a freely floating national money has advantages , however , it also has risks .
For one thing , it can create uncertainties for international traders and investors .
Over the past five years , the dollar has been worth as much as 120 yen and as little as 80 .
The costs of this volatility are hard to measure ( partly because sophisticated financial markets allow businesses to hedge much of that risk ) , but they must be significant .
Furthermore , a system that leaves monetary managers free to do good also leaves them free to be irresponsible -- and , in some countries , they have been quick to take the opportunity .
That is why countries with a history of runaway inflation , like Argentina , often come to the conclusion that monetary independence is a poisoned chalice .
( Argentine law now requires that one peso be worth exactly one U.S. dollar , and that every peso in circulation be backed by a dollar in reserves . )
So , there is no obvious answer to the question of whether or not to tie a nation 's currency to some external standard .
By establishing a fixed rate of exchange between currencies -- or even adopting a common currency -- nations can eliminate the uncertainties of fluctuating exchange rates ; and a country with a history of irresponsible policies may be able to gain credibility by association .
( The Italian government wants to join a European Monetary Union largely because it hopes to refinance its massive debts at German interest rates . )
On the other hand , what happens if two nations have joined their currencies , and one finds itself experiencing an inflationary boom while the other is in a deflationary recession ?
( This is exactly what happened to Europe in the early 1990s , when western Germany boomed while the rest of Europe slid into double - digit unemployment . )
Then the monetary policy that is appropriate for one is exactly wrong for the other .
These ambiguities explain why economists are divided over the wisdom of Europe 's attempt to create a common currency .
I personally think that it will lead , on average , to somewhat higher European unemployment rates ; but many sensible economists disagree .
So where does gold enter the picture ?
While some modern nations have chosen , with reasonable justification , to renounce their monetary autonomy in favor of some external standard , the standard they choose these days is always the currency of another , presumably more responsible , nation .
Argentina seeks salvation from the dollar ; Italy from the deutsche mark .
But the men and women who run the Fed , and even those who run the German Bundesbank , are mere mortals , who may yet succumb to the temptations of the printing press .
Why not ensure monetary virtue by trusting not in the wisdom of men but in an objective standard ?
Why not emulate our great - grandfathers and tie our currencies to gold ?
Very few economists think this would be a good idea .
The argument against it is one of pragmatism , not principle .
First , a gold standard would have all the disadvantages of any system of rigidly fixed exchange rates -- and even economists who are enthusiastic about a common European currency generally think that fixing the European currency to the dollar or yen would be going too far .
Second , and crucially , gold is not a stable standard when measured in terms of other goods and services .
On the contrary , it is a commodity whose price is constantly buffeted by shifts in supply and demand that have nothing to do with the needs of the world economy -- by changes , for example , in dentistry .
The United States abandoned its policy of stabilizing gold prices back in 1971 .
Since then the price of gold has increased roughly tenfold , while consumer prices have increased about 250 percent .
If we had tried to keep the price of gold from rising , this would have required a massive decline in the prices of practically everything else -- deflation on a scale not seen since the Depression .
This does n't sound like a particularly good idea .
So why are Jack Kemp , the Wall Street Journal , and so on so fixated on gold ?
I did not fully understand their position until I read a recent letter to , of all places , the left - wing magazine Mother Jones from Jude Wanniski -- one of the founders of supply - side economics and its reigning guru .
( One of the many comic - opera touches in the late unlamented Dole campaign was the constant struggle between Jack Kemp , who tried incessantly to give Wanniski a key role , and the sensible economists who tried to keep him out . )
Wanniski's main concern was to deny that the rich have gotten richer in recent decades ; his letter is posted on the Mother Jones Web site , and makes interesting reading .
But , particularly noteworthy was the following passage :
First let us get our accounting unit squared away .
To measure anything in the floating paper dollar will get us nowhere .
We must convert all wealth into the measure employed by mankind for 6,000 years , i.e. , ounces of gold .
On this measure , the Dow Jones industrial average of 6,000 today is only 60 percent of the DJIA of 30 years ago , when it hit 1,000 .
Back then , gold was $ 35 per ounce .
Today it is $ 380 - plus .
This is another way of saying that in the last 30 years , the people who owned America have lost 40 percent of their wealth held in the form of equity .
...
If you owned no part of corporate America 30 years ago , because you were poor , you lost nothing .
If you owned lots of it , you lost your shirt in the general inflation .
Never mind the question of whether the Dow Jones industrial average is the proper measure of how well the rich are doing .
What is fascinating about this passage is that Wanniski regards gold as the appropriate measure of wealth , regardless of the quantity of other goods and services that it can buy .
Since the dollar was de-linked from gold in 1971 , the Dow has risen about 700 percent , while the prices of the goods we ordinarily associate with the pursuit of happiness -- food , houses , clothes , cars , servants -- have gone up only about 250 percent .
In terms of the ability to buy almost anything except gold , the purchasing power of the rich has soared ; but Wanniski insists that this is irrelevant , because gold , and only gold , is the true standard of value .
Wanniski , in other words , has committed the sin of King Midas :
He has forgotten that gold is only a metal , and that its value comes only from the truly useful goods for which it can be exchanged .
I wonder whether the gods read SLATE .
If so , they know what to do .
We 're still months away from the release of Command And Conquer : Red Alert 3 , but that 's not stopping EA from trying to work fans into a lather with these new , gorgeous screenshots of the series ' trademark Soviet war machine in action .
EA has yet to reveal a proper release date for the game , but they have mentioned that the title is planned to appear on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 as well as its native PC platform .
These new screens look great and the water effects are gorgeous , but am I the only one noticing the Tesla Boats in the first picture ?
Who was the genius who signed off on adding electrical discharge weapons to a vehicle that floats on millions of gallons of ridiculously conductive fluid ?
by Wendy Boswell
Not headed back to school this fall ?
You could be , minus the exorbitant tuition and without even leaving your chair .
The web has made it easier than ever before to get a free education , and you 'd join the ranks of great thinkers in history who were also self - taught , like Joseph Conrad , Albert Einstein , Alexander Graham Bell , Paul Allen , Agatha Christie and Ernest Hemingway .
You , too , can be an autodidact ; the breadth of free educational materials available online is absolutely astonishing .
Advertisement
Note : Many colleges and universities offer free courses online in the form of podcasts , lectures , tutorials and full - blown online classes .
Most of these courses , while extremely smart - making , will NOT award any college credits or degrees .
Free online college courses
Advertisement
Grab some larnin ' from the University of Washington 's free online courses ; Greek mythology , American Revolution , Heroic Fantasy are just some of the offerings .
If you get tired of that , you can study economics at the University of Nebraska .
Teach yourself sign language from Michigan State University .
Browse through the vast treasures at the Library of Congress .
View free videos on all sorts of subjects from Annenberg Media , a major supplier to most distance learning universities , or read the core documents of American democracy .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Feel like a little light reading ?
You can study theology at Covenant Seminary ; course offerings are delivered via a combo of free downloadable .pdf files and podcasts , and include subjects ranging from Church History to the Modern Reformation .
Learn mathematics with this extensive list of free online math courses from Whatcom Community College .
Visit Carnegie Mellon University and take Biology , Causal Reasoning , Statistics , and more , all for free .
Advertisement
Penn State University offers a free Swedish language course , in addition to a free Hungarian language course .
Or , you can take an Italian language and culture course from Brooklyn College .
California State also offers a free Conversational Mandarin Chinese course , and you can learn Turkish via the University of Arizona .
Advertisement
The University of Washington School of Medicine offers free CPR classes online , complete with video and instructional guides .
You can also take health courses from the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health ; anything from adolescent health to population science .
Prepare for the US citizenship test from the Missouri Southern State University .
Learn linear algebra from the University of Puget Sound .
Learn about bioterrorism ( really ) and other hazards from the University of North Carolina .
Advertisement
Get free online mathematics textbooks , videos , and lecture notes from New York University .
Take advantage of Tufts University 's open courses on dentistry , medicine , nutrition , and more .
Learn about cognitive science from Hampshire College .
Take eight different courses via the Sofia Project , a collaborative effort between select California community colleges .
Brigham Young University offers independent study in subjects such as Family History , Family Life , and Religious Scripture Study .
Get access to ten free seminary courses from Gordon - Conwell Theological Seminary .
Advertisement
Learn about human resources in 52 (! ) different free courses from ERI .
Browse a huge variety of materials in the University of Michigan 's courses and seminars on Internet laws .
Ivy League
Take advantage of Stanford University 's free CS education library .
Go to college by taking free classes at MIT .
Go to Berkeley with your iPod .
The University of Pennsylvania has an extensive online library ; over 25,000 books are listed here .
Advertisement
Just debuted , you can take free courses from Yale ( funded by HP ) on such diverse subjects as the Old Testament or Physics .
Watch or read free online lectures in archival format from Princeton .
Get a free Introduction to Probability text from Dartmouth .
Advertisement
Google tricks
Using the right keywords , find course syllabi ( insert your own subject ) , lectures , tutorials , notes , podcasts , and various sorts of online books using Google .
Advertisement
As time goes on , I 'm sure we 'll see even more colleges and universities making even more of their courses open access .
Got any other free online college courses or resources you 'd like us to know about ?
Let us know your thoughts in the comments .
Wendy Boswell is an associate editor at Lifehacker who loves to learn on the web .
Her special feature Technophilia appears every Monday at Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Technophilia RSS feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
Two heavily armed men approached the Israelis , she said , leading an Israeli aircraft to fire a missile at them , killing them .
On their backs , she said , were rucksacks apparently holding large amounts of explosives , which caused the nearby house to tumble and kill those inside .
She said the analysis was based partly on images taken from the air .
Defense Minister Ehud Barak blamed Hamas .
“ We see Hamas as responsible for everything that happens there , for all injuries , ” he said while on a tour of an Israeli weapons factory , Israeli radio reported .
“ The army is acting and will continue to act against Hamas , including inside the Gaza Strip . ”
The Palestinian Authority in the West Bank , a bitter rival of Hamas , condemned the killing of the mother and her four children .
It said in a statement that the Israeli army escalation in Gaza “ would harm the efforts to agree on a cease - fire between Israel and the Palestinians . ”
After Hamas took over Gaza last June in a battle with forces from Fatah , which now leads the Palestinian government from the West Bank , Israel imposed a blockade on the area , severely limiting supplies into it .
Thousands of crude rockets have been launched against southern Israeli towns and communities in recent years by Hamas and smaller factions , which oppose Israel ’s existence .
Militants have tried to infiltrate the border crossing into Israel five times in recent weeks .
That has led Israel to keep the border closed more often , further reducing supplies and worsening the already severe humanitarian crisis there .
Cooking gas has essentially run out since the supplier became too afraid to deliver , Israeli security officials and Gazans say , closing most bakeries .
The United Nations agency that provides the most aid in Gaza suspended its work for four days because of fuel shortages .
While United Nations and other international officials complain angrily about Israel ’s policies , the attempted infiltrations have recently prompted criticism of Hamas by the European Union , which accused it of actions that “ lead to further suffering of the population . ”
Sponsored links :
During the morning and evening rush hours , railway employees in Japan push people onto the train .
By Erin Ferns
The ability of injured veterans to vote in November 's presidential election rests in the hands of Bush Administration officials , who have so far refused demands from advocates and lawmakers that the Department of Veterans Affairs help hospitalized veterans register to vote .
" ' It is an insult to those who have fought to spread democracy and freedom overseas to be denied the right to participate in their own democracy here at home , ' " wrote Sens. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) and John Kerry ( D - Mass. ) to the Department of Veterans Affairs in March .
" ' If each facility took a few simple steps to provide voter registration materials , the VA could do its part to guarantee access to voter registration . ' "
In response , VA Secretary James Peake opposed efforts by lawmakers to get the federal agency to provide voter registration opportunities under the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 " ' without any legal basis or rational explanation , ' " said Kerry , as reported by AlterNet 's Steven Rosenfeld on April 10 .
Peake claimed that " department policy restricts partisan political activities in VA facilities and the department also does not have the resources to be responsible for a large - scale voter registration effort , " wrote Rick Maze of the Marine Corps News on April 18 .
Peake was responding to Feinstein and Kerry , who had written the department in both March 2007 and 2008 concerning voter registration for veterans .
The senators never received a reply to the 2007 letter from the former VA Secretary James Nicholson , although the VA has since " 'engaged in litigation against voter registration efforts by third party groups in VA facilities , ' " according to the senators ' 2008 letter .
" The litigation cited in the senators ' letter refers to Preminger v. Secretary of Veterans Affairs , the Menlo Park suit where the VA argued before federal district and appeals courts that , in essence , political activity , including First Amendment speech and voter registration efforts , should not occur in its facilities because those activities were not medical in nature and were political , [ veteran voting rights attorney Scott ]
Rafferty said , summarizing the litigation . "
" ' The argument that providing access to voter registration at facilities would distract from the medical goals is as unfortunate as it is counterproductive , ' " the senators wrote .
Not only is the " medical - only rationale " counterproductive , it is untrue , according to Rafferty .
The attorney claims VA facilities have been used across the country for university libraries , parks , and even " pro-Republican demonstrations " as wells as partisan voter registration drives , according to a March 18 report by Rosenfeld .
The issue with voter registration at government agencies under NVRA is not exclusive to the Veterans Department .
" ' America , among western democracies , is unique in putting the responsibility on the individual , not the state , to register voters , ' " said Project Vote Deputy Director Michael Slater .
" ' Today , 63 million Americans , about a third of eligible voting age population , are not registered to vote . ' "
" ' When we try to shift the onus from the individual to the state , we see reluctance -- and the VA is one example , ' Slater said , saying that many state social service agencies that already are required to offer voter registration opportunities to public aid recipients have not followed through . "
For example , if California registered as many food stamp recipients as Oregon , there would be an additional 180,000 voters in the state , he said .
" There is just this huge potential if government agencies like the VA finally offered voter registration . "
" Veterans who have not previously registered , as well as registered voters who move , must reregister with new addresses in order to vote , " an activity well - established at motor vehicle offices across the country , the most visible and well - implemented aspect of the NRVA ( and the source of its " Motor Voter " nickname ) .
" By not helping the injured veterans to do so , " Rosenfeld wrote , " it is likely that former soldiers seeking care at VA facilities will lose their right to vote in 2008 . "
The senators " are planning their next move , which could include legislation to force VA to create a voter assistance program , " Maze wrote .
" However , congressional aides said it is unclear whether such a bill could be passed in time to make a difference for the November general election . "
" Another approach could be to appeal directly to the White House to issue a presidential executive order requiring VA to distribute voter registration application forms , help patients fill them out and return the forms to state election officials . "
But , Maze wrote , " getting president Bush to issue such an order at the urging of two Senate Democrats is unlikely ; Republican support would be needed . "
In spite of the odds , " Kerry said he and Feinstein will " ' keep fighting to ensure that veterans are n't facing unnecessary hurdles just to exercise their voting rights . ' "
Rising anxiety over the economy , especially soaring gasoline and food prices , is forcing politicians from Capitol Hill to the White House to the campaign trail to scramble for a response .
President Bush on Tuesday sought to assure Americans that he was aware of the problems they faced in paying bills but said there was “ no magic wand ” he could wave to bring down energy costs .
Congressional Democrats and Republicans rushed to draft new energy proposals -- and dust off old ones -- in order to shield themselves from blame for high gas prices , while plotting strategy for what will be months of positioning on the issue .
The ideas being offered -- including Bush ’s renewed call for opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling and Democrats ’ demands for investigations of the oil industry and a windfall profits tax -- have been debated for years .
Even if approved , they would provide little immediate relief .
Advertisement
But politicians have grown increasingly jittery as pump prices hit a record high Tuesday -- a national average of about $ 3.61 a gallon for self - serve regular , up from $ 2.95 a year ago , according to AAA -- and oil companies reported big profits this week .
The high gas prices have come amid a declining job market , a housing crisis and rising grocery prices that are being felt in all regions of the country .
On Capitol Hill , some lawmakers accustomed to hearing from voters about gasoline prices said they had never gotten more calls .
“ I was home in Alaska over the weekend , and everywhere that I went the price of gasoline was the main topic , ” Republican Sen. Lisa Murkowski said .
“ What people really care about , what they really want to know is :
What are you doing , Congress ? ”
Advertisement
Sen. Norm Coleman ( R - Minn . ) said three motorists approached him to complain about gas prices as he was filling up his car .
A number of Republicans have joined Democrats in pressing Bush to give ground on his refusal to suspend purchases for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve .
Bush has resisted halting the purchase of 67,000 to 68,000 barrels of oil a day for the emergency stockpile , contending that it is needed to guard against an interruption of the flow of foreign oil to the United States .
He also has argued that a halt would have no significant impact on prices because the daily purchase amounts to one - tenth of 1 % of global oil demand .
“ I support the goal of protecting America ’s energy security , ” said Sen. John Barrasso ( R - Wyo . ) .
“ But the federal government should n’t be competing with consumers for oil . ”
Advertisement
With the new Republican support , Sen. Byron L. Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) said he had the votes to attach to a bill moving through the Senate a veto - proof measure that would suspend purchases .
A number of Republicans also are pushing to suspend or repeal the requirement that greater amounts of ethanol , especially from corn , be added to the nation ’s gasoline supply , contending that the mandate has driven up food prices .
“ While the renewable - fuels mandate was intended to lessen the dependence on foreign oil , it has done little but add more strain to an already shaky economy , ” said Rep. Jeff Flake ( R - Ariz . ) .
But efforts to freeze the mandate face strong resistance from farm - state lawmakers who dispute that it has driven up food prices , and a number of ethanol supporters argued Tuesday that without biofuels , pump prices would be higher .
Advertisement
“ Ethanol is having the impact that we hoped that it would by increasing supply , ” Sen . John Thune ( R - S.D. ) said .
Bush avoided saying whether he favored a summer - long moratorium on the federal gasoline tax of 18.4 cents a gallon , an idea embraced by the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , Sen. John McCain of Arizona .
Of the Democratic presidential candidates , Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York has favored suspending the federal gas tax , and Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois has opposed it .
The idea faces resistance from a large number of lawmakers from both parties , who fear that a moratorium would cut funding for highway projects .
Bush sought Tuesday to lay part of the responsibility for high gas prices at Congress ’ doorstep , assailing lawmakers for failing to approve his longtime goal of opening the Arctic refuge to drilling in order to increase domestic energy supplies .
Advertisement
But opponents of that idea , including McCain , have argued that the drilling would spoil an environmental treasure , that oil found there would take years to reach the market and that it would have a negligible effect on prices .
Bush declined to say whether the economy had entered a recession -- a point over which , he said , “ economists can argue ” -- after saying last week that it had not .
“ The average person does n’t really care what we call it , ” Bush said .
On the presidential campaign trail , the economy also has gained new attention .
Obama has spent about $ 7.7 million , or about 16 % of his TV advertising , to discuss energy issues -- including running 3,000 times an ad touting what he says is his independence from oil companies and lobbyists .
Clinton has allocated $ 5 million , or about 18 % of her ad spending , to discuss energy issues , according to Evan Tracey , whose company , TNS Media Intelligence / CMAG , tracks political advertising .
Advertisement
In recent weeks , McCain has rushed to sweeten his economic proposals with more offerings for middle - class Americans and has spoken frequently about the squeeze from the rising prices of gas and goods such as milk and eggs .
The candidate faced a barrage of criticism in late March after a housing speech in Santa Ana , in which he said that government ’s role in a housing bailout should be limited .
He markedly changed his tone two weeks later -- offering government - backed , 30 - year , fixed - rate mortgages to as many as 400,000 “ deserving ” homeowners facing foreclosure .
Clinton , campaigning in Indiana and North Carolina ahead of next week ’s primaries , has focused on the plight of the working - class voters she is attracting to rallies and forums .
“ I know that times are tough right now , ” Clinton told supporters at a veneer factory Tuesday in Indianapolis .
“ Many of you are being squeezed pretty hard in every direction , between healthcare bills and tuition bills , between grocery bills and prices at the pump . ”
Advertisement
Her prescription is a dizzying list of new government initiatives : federally funded job training , a major new road - and bridge - building campaign and a moratorium on home foreclosures , among others .
More recently , Clinton has zeroed in on the rising cost of gas , which she has proposed to address with a gas tax “ holiday ” and with a major initiative to fund the development of alternative energy sources .
She has also promised to crack down on oil companies and go after members of OPEC .
“ In the end , everybody pays the price , ” Clinton said , “ except the oil companies . ”
Advertisement
--
richard.simon@latimes.com
james.gerstenzang@ latimes.com
Times staff writers Noam N. Levey in Washington and Maeve Reston in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
Excavations in a cave in the mountains of northern Spain have uncovered the oldest known remains of human ancestors in Western Europe , scientists reported Wednesday .
The fossils of a lower jaw and teeth , more than 1.1 million years old , were found in sediments along with stone tools and bones of animals that appeared to have been butchered .
The remains have been attributed to the previously known species Homo antecessor , a possible ancestor of Neanderthals and modern humans .
The discovery is described in the current issue of the journal Nature by Spanish and American scientists led by Eudald Carbonell of the Catalan Institute of Human Paleontology and Social Evolution at Tarragona , Spain .
The scientists , noting that the earliest presence of human ancestors in Europe is “ one of the most debated topics in paleoanthropology , ” said the site , Sima del Elefante in the Atapuerca Mountains , held the “ oldest , most accurately dated record ” of both fossils and artifacts of human occupation in Western Europe .
Other sites on the Continent yielded artifacts of a roughly comparable age , but no fossil bones .
Until now , the earliest remains of Homo antecessor , from the same mountains , were 800,000 years old .
From WikiLeaks
WIKILEAKS PRESS RELEASE
Monday April 7 , 2008
The Scientology cult , of which Hollywood actors Tom Cruise and John Travolta are the most familiar public followers , has threatened transparency group Wikileaks , demanding that it remove " unpublished , copyrighted " Scientology documents .
The Scientology documents , which were released by Wikileaks last month , are restricted from the public and low ranking cult members .
The March 27 letter , from the cult 's Los Angeles lawyers , Moxon & Kobrin also asked , in an apparent attempt to trace the source of the materials , that Wikileaks preserve any related records , " .. not limited to , logs , data entry sheets , applications -- electronic or otherwise , registrations forms , billings statements or invoices , computer print - outs , disks , hard drives , etc. " .
However , the Wikileaks site , by design , keeps no logs of its submissions , or even of its readers .
The cult 's lawyers presented Wikileaks with a list of copyright registrations for its secret " religious technology " made with the United States Copyright Office and some examples of international court cases related to previous Scientology legal attacks on publishers .
These examples reveal part of a long history of reported Scientology abuse of the legal system and are clearly aimed at putting pressure on Wikileaks to remove the content .
The documents , according to the legal letter , are owned by a Scientology holding company , the Religious Technology Center ( RTC ) , which claims ownership of the " confidential Advanced Technology of the Scientology religion " — the secret " bibles " of the cult .
The content , consisting of typed as well as hand - written pages by the cult founder , the late science fiction writer and con-man L. Ron Hubbard , describes OT " levels " I - VIII as well as related " NOTs " and other aspects of cult dogma and operations .
The public is usually introduced to the cult through its " free stess test " stalls , L. Ron Hubbard 's book 1950 's pseudo - science book " Dianetics " , or fronts such as Narconon , Criminon and the Citizens Commission on Human Rights .
Cult members are normally thoroughly indoctrinated before they are introduced to higher level Scientology " bibles " , such as " OT - III " , which describe all human problems as having being originated by the evil galactic overlord , Xenu , some 75 million years ago .
While parts of the material have appeared previously , if briefly due to legal action , others parts appear to be original to the Wikileaks release .
After reviewing documentation of Scientology 's endless assaults on journalists from Time magazine and CNN , which spent over $ 3 million defending against just one of their suits , to investigative freelancers who have had publishers pulp their books rather than facing litigation costs , we have come to the conclusion that Scientology is not only an abusive cult , but that it aids and abets a general climate of Western media self - censorship .
If the west can not defend its cultural values of free speech and press freedoms against a criminal cult like Scientology , it can hardly lecture China and other state abusers of these same values .
Such states are quick to proclaim their censorship regime is no mere matter of protecting cult profits , but rather of national security .
Wikileaks will not comply with legally abusive requests from Scientology any more than Wikileaks has complied with similar demands from Swiss banks , London Banks , Russian off - shore stem cell centers , former African Kleptocrats , or the Pentagon .
Wikileaks will remain a place where people of the world may safely expose injustice and corruption .
Indeed , in response to the attempted suppression , Wikileaks will release several thousand pages of additional Scientology materials next week .
To pledge support to the Wikileaks defense fund , see Pledgebank or this link .
See
Church of Scientology collected Operating Thetan documents —
The document together along with a transcript of the letter sent to Wikileaks .
See also
Censored Legion de Cristo and Regnum Cristi document collection — legally suppressed doctrine from the Catholic Church 's Legion of Christ sect , released by Wikileaks on March 26 , 2008 .
External links
Time Magazine : The Cult of Greed and Power
A good example of the methods the cult has used to silence journalists appears here :
An excellent biography of L. Ron Hubbard by U.K. investigative journalist Russel Miller appears here :
Scientology front groups :
More than 7000 viewers posted comments on the American Broadcasting Corporation ( ABC ) news website criticising the " biased " and " superficial " questions posed by Stephanopoulos , the network 's Washington correspondent .
Stephanopoulos helped run Mr Clinton 's 1992 election campaign and acted as his press secretary and advisor on policy and strategy before joining the ABC .
" A very biased debate , both Charlie and George attacked Obama tonight , " wrote Admiralboy21 .
" George Stephanopoulos was on Bill Clinton 's administrative staff at one point , why was he asking the questions .
ABC did a TERRIBLE job with the debate ! ! "
Zorbakrufus wrote : " ABC News has officially lost any semblance of credibility it ever had for me .
" It took the moderators over an hour to ask a single question on policy .
They may as well have had britney spears asking the questions .
If Stephanopolous and Charles Gibson made up those questions , they should both be fired immediately .
You did an absolute disservice to this great country .
Shame on you ABC News . "
During the debare , Senator Clinton rebuked Senator Obama over his fiery former pastor and his attitude to working Americans .
Senator Obama , however , said he was confident the American people would see through what he billed as trivial political attacks .
Senator Clinton was desperate to change the campaign narrative , as fresh poll numbers clouded her long - shot comeback hopes , and delved into Senator Obama 's background to warn of the scope of Republican attacks against him .
She said he should have left his Chicago church in protest at the incendiary sentiments of Pastor Jeremiah Wright , particularly those about the September 11 attacks in 2001 , which caused a storm recently when aired online .
" I have to say that for Pastor Wright to have given his first sermon after 9/11 and to have blamed the United States for the attack which happened in my city of New York would have been just intolerable for me , '' Senator Clinton said .
" Therefore I would have not been able to stay in the church . ''
Both Senator Clinton and Senator Obama attempted to score big political points under the veneer of politeness , but both betrayed signs of fatigue after a campaign which has lasted more than a year .
The New York senator also skewered her rival over his comment in a fundraiser last week that some smalltown Americans clung to religion and guns because they were " bitter ' ' about their economic circumstances .
She pointedly brought up her grandfather and father who lived in Pennsylvania , saying she did n't believe they clung " to religion when Washington is not listening to them ' ' .
" I similarly do n't think that people cling to their traditions , like hunting and guns , either , when they are frustrated with the Government .
" I just do n't believe that 's how people live their lives . ''
Senator Obama said he had " mangled ' ' his words , but said there was a deep frustration among Americans with their economic plight and their political leaders .
" Yes , people are frustrated and angry about it , but what we 're seeing in this election is the opportunity to break through that frustration , '' Senator Obama said .
He took aim at Senator Clinton 's contention that she could better bear Republican assaults after years in the partisan cross -fire .
" In a general election , we know there are going to be all kinds of attacks launched , '' he said .
" What the American people want are not distractions , '' he said .
" They want to figure out , how are we actually going to deliver on health care ; how are we going to deliver better jobs for people ; how are we going to improve their incomes . ''
Both candidates said their rival could beat Republican John McCain in November .
Asked if Senator Obama was electable as president , the former first lady said : " Yes , yes , yes .
" Now , I think I can do a better job .
That 's why I 'm here , '' she added to laughs .
Senator Obama likewise said " absolutely ' ' on the question of whether Senator Clinton was electable against Senator McCain , and also said : " But I too think I 'm the better candidate . ''
The former first lady was under intense pressure to change the complexion of her battle with Senator Obama ahead of the Pennsylvania primary .
Senator Clinton has attacked Senator Obama for days over his " bitter ' ' comment , but latest opinion surveys suggested he had escaped serious immediate damage .
Polls show Senator Clinton has stalled Senator Obama 's attempt to catch her in Pennsylvania , but her lead of around six points did not suggest the kind of blowout win she needs to sow doubts about Senator Obama 's presidential viability in the minds of top party leaders .
Senator Clinton trails Senator Obama in nominating contests won , elected delegates and the popular vote .
Her only chance now is to convince nearly 800 Democratic grandees called superdelegates that Senator Obama cannot win November 's general election against Republican John McCain .
There was more grim news for Senator Clinton in a Washington Post / ABC News poll that gave Senator Obama a 10 - point lead when Democrats nationwide were asked who they would like to see go up against Senator McCain .
Senator Obama was up two - to - one among Democrats asked who was most electable in a general election , undermining Senator Clinton 's quest for the hearts of the superdelegates .
with AFP
AP
JOHN MCCAIN'S economic instincts may be sound — he is , after all , the only solid free - trader in the race , and a genuine hater of government waste — but on present form he is not turning out to be much of a salesman .
In two recent speeches , he has laid out his economic vision .
He addressed America 's biggest short - term economic problem ( the credit crunch ) and its most important one — the looming bankruptcy of Social Security ( public pensions ) and Medicare ( public health care for the old ) .
For the former , he proposed a more cautious fix than his Democratic rivals .
On the latter , he hinted at fundamental reform .
But in neither case has he offered nearly enough detail .
For “ deserving ” homeowners caught out by the credit crunch , Mr McCain offers a lifeline .
If you took out a subprime mortgage after 2005 to buy a house to live in , and can show that you were creditworthy when you took out the loan but unable to service it now because it reset to a higher rate , he would let you switch to a cheaper loan guaranteed by the government .
His advisers say this would help between 200,000 and 400,000 borrowers .
Democrats scoff that they would help far more people .
Mr McCain says that he , unlike them , will not use taxpayers ' money to bail out rash borrowers and speculators .
Commendably , Mr McCain has also stressed the need to fix Medicare and Social Security .
Unless fixed , these programmes will bust the budget as the baby - boomers retire in ever - growing numbers .
Congress consistently ducks the issue .
Mr McCain pledges to work with both parties to fix it .
But how ?
He does not say , other than by squeezing costs .
The president who fixes Medicare would have to be a deficit hawk who can work with the other side .
Mr McCain has a better record than Mrs Clinton on both counts , and a much better one than Mr Obama , whose bipartisan achievements are negligible .
But both Democrats palpably know more about the subject , and can easily out - debate him .
Mr McCain 's approach to economics is moralistic .
He thinks it wrong for Congress to waste other people 's money , and wrong for chief executives to trouser huge pay packets when they mismanage .
He has a tendency , though , to focus on the wrongs that are simplest to understand .
Mrs Clinton 's proposal to spend $ 1 m of taxpayers ' cash on a Woodstock museum was indeed egregious , but even scrapping all such pork - barrel projects , as Mr McCain promises , will have only a modest effect on the budget — since “ earmarks ” total only about $ 18 billion , 0.5 % of the budget .
Mr McCain knows this , and promises some quite drastic changes .
He would freeze discretionary spending for a year ( exempting only funds for the military and veterans ) and conduct a “ top to bottom review ” of the budget .
He would end the “ assumption that [ government programmes ] should go on for ever ” .
He would give taxpayers the option of switching to a simpler , flatter tax code .
He would make private health insurance portable , so workers can keep it when they change jobs .
But even so , none of this adds up to the savings he would require .
He is asking voters to trust him .
He has been a fiscally conservative senator , so he will be a fiscally conservative president .
Never mind that , as a candidate , he offers few examples of programmes he would axe .
He says he would lower the corporate tax from 35 % to 25 % and keep the Bush tax cuts , which he once opposed .
He says he can do this while still closing the budget deficit within eight years .
But because he has so far been afraid to list the deductions he will axe and the loopholes he will close , his plans amount , at best , to half a fiscal policy , and the easy half at that .
In selling himself as the best man to lead America out of recession , Mr McCain faces two huge challenges .
He is less adept than his opponents at oozing empathy .
And the recession itself will hobble him , because he is a Republican .
Ray Fair , a Yale economist , predicts election results using a measure of inflation and growth in average incomes .
If incomes are flat this year ( probably an optimistic assumption ) , his model predicts that Mr McCain will be flattened in November .
Since Democrats began complaining about ( and the media kept ignoring ) the controversial relationship between John McCain and radical televangelist John Hagee , the Texas megachurch pastor has kept a fairly low profile .
It ’s hardly surprising — McCain probably encouraged him to avoid major media attention , and Hagee , anxious to help his political ally , obliged .
In fact , a month ago today , the New York Times ran an edited interview with Hagee , in which the Times ’ Deborah Solomon asked , “ Let ’s talk about your much - quoted comment that Hurricane Katrina was God ’s punishment for a gay rights parade in New Orleans . ”
Hagee responded , “ We ’re not going down there . ”
He called the subject “ off - base . ”
Now , however , Hagee is willing to go down there .
On September 18 , 2006 , Pastor John Hagee — whose endorsement Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) said this past Sunday he was “ glad to have ” — told NPR ’s Terry Gross that “ Hurricane Katrina was , in fact , the judgment of God against the city of New Orleans . ”
“ New Orleans had a level of sin that was offensive to God , ” Hagee said , because “ there was to be a homosexual parade there on the Monday that the Katrina came . ”
On his radio show yesterday , right - wing talker Dennis Prager asked Hagee to respond to “ the various charges made against him ” in a fact sheet put out by the Democratic National Committee .
Asked about his comments on Hurricane Katrina , Hagee said “ the topic of that day was cursing and blessing . ”
Hagee told Prager , “ What happened in New Orleans looked like the curse of God , in time if New Orleans recovers and becomes the pristine city it can become it may in time be called a blessing .
But at this time it ’s called a curse . ”
When Prager sought to clarify if Hagee believes “ God ’s hand ” was responsible for Katrina “ because of a sinful city , ” Hagee responded , “ That it was a city that was planning a sinful conduct , yes . ”
Obviously , Hagee is entitled to his religious beliefs , but I suspect the notion that a deadly , devastating hurricane was the result of divine intervention and God ’s “ judgment ” is the kind of thing most Americans would find kind of nutty .
Atrios adds a great point : “ God Damns America ... and it ’s okay as long as conservatives think so . ”
An iMac owner is suing Apple Inc. , claiming the company 's 20 - inch iMac desktop computers can't display the " millions of colours " Apple promises in promotional materials .
The lawsuit alleges the Cupertino - based company touts that ability on its website and in other marketing material even though it knows iMac monitors can display only 262,144 true colours .
The suit was filed Monday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California .
Users are fooled into seeing many more colours because the monitors use technological tricks that involve showing many similar shades at high speeds to create the illusion of the desired shade , according to the lawsuit .
Those techniques can cause " crippling " problems for people editing pictures and videos because the colours do n't always appear entirely smooth , the lawsuit said .
" Apple is duping its customers into thinking they 're buying ' new and improved ' when in fact they 're getting stuck with ' new and inferior ' , " said Brian Kabateck , managing partner for the law firm that filed the suit , Kabateck Brown Kellner , in a statement .
" Beneath Apple 's ' good guy ' image is a corporation that takes advantage of its customers . "
The plaintiff , Texas resident and iMac owner Chandra Sanders , is seeking class - action status for the lawsuit .
The lawsuit targets the 20 - inch aluminum iMacs introduced in August 2007 , saying the 24 - inch versions are capable of representing millions of colors .
Apple said it does n't comment on pending litigation .
The company in 2005 settled two different class actions on its iPod music players .
One dealt with the iPod 's battery and another claimed the screen of the Nano iPod was too easily damaged .
Pelosi aides said their boss was simply asking the defense secretary to follow a precedent established by her predecessor .
( Jay Premack / Politico ) Pentagon balked on gay partner travel
Prior to the Easter recess , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi was forced to intervene with Defense Secretary Robert Gates in order to get Democratic Rep. Tammy Baldwin ’s domestic partner on a military flight for a congressional fact - finding trip to Europe .
The speaker succeeded , but the issue continues to simmer for both sides .
The Pentagon appears to be self - conscious about transporting gay domestic partners at a time when it continues to enforce a “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy in its own ranks .
The speaker is sensitive to the gay rights issue but does n’t want to be drawn into a situation where it appears she is dictating policy for the use of military planes .
Advertisement
Under House guidelines , members of Congress may take their spouses with them on military flights if there is room for them and when it is “ necessary for protocol purposes . ”
Although Baldwin , the only openly gay woman elected to Congress , exchanged wedding vows with Lauren Azar in 1998 , her home state of Wisconsin does not officially recognize same - sex marriages , and military officials were apparently unwilling to consider Azar a “ spouse ” within the meaning of the House guidelines .
In appealing to Gates , Pelosi aides said their boss was simply asking the defense secretary to follow a precedent established by her predecessor , former Republican Rep. Dennis Hastert of Illinois .
Pelosi told Gates that Hastert had allowed Baldwin to take Azar on a previous trip abroad .
Gates , who was apparently unaware of any earlier trips , told the speaker that she was responsible for the House travel rules and had the authority to make an exception , according to officials on and off the Hill .
His only requirement was that Pelosi send him a letter authorizing the trip .
Pelosi sent such a letter moments after the phone call ended , and Azar was allowed on the plane .
The Pentagon and the speaker ’s office remain divided over what the Gates - Pelosi agreement means for member travel abroad .
Pelosi ’s office awaits a follow - up letter from Gates laying out new criteria for the congressional use of military airplanes , while the Pentagon argues this was one instance in which the speaker waived her own rules to create an exception for an individual lawmaker .
“ This is not an issue of DOD regulations , ” said Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell .
“ Secretary Gates honored a request from Speaker Pelosi to make an exception to the House rules .
“ But that ’s really as far as it goes , ” Morrell continued .
“ This should not be viewed as a precedent which would now permit all nonspouse travel .
That said , Secretary Gates will , on a case - by - case basis , entertain the speaker ’s future requests to make exceptions . ”
Morrell said he expects Pentagon officials to send the speaker ’s office their letter within the next few days .
Pelosi spokesman Brendan Daly said , “ We want to work with Secretary Gates to establish a procedure going forward . ”
Baldwin ’s office declined repeated requests for comment .
Rep. Barney Frank ( D - Mass. ) , another openly gay lawmaker , believes the military ’s initial refusal to let Azar fly with Baldwin has more to do with the Bush administration ’s opposition to same - sex marriage than with the military ’s “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy .
“ I think the military was following orders , ” Frank said .
“ I think the administration disapproves of same - sex marriage . ”
Pelosi was scorched early in her tenure as speaker for her use of a military jet larger than the one Hastert used , a controversy that eventually died down after she pointed out that the smaller plane Hastert used cannot make the trip from Washington to her San Francisco district without stopping to refuel .
Congress established a special entitlement for military travel in 1954 as part of broader legislation to expand the country ’s foreign aid programs .
At the time , lawmakers gave themselves discretion to reimburse the military directly from the Treasury for any travel expenses , meaning the Pentagon does n’t have to dip into its own budget to pay for members ’ trips abroad and in the U.S .
All committee chairmen have the discretion to make a travel request .
In the House , the speaker signs off on those requests and then works with the Pentagon to find an available aircraft .
If members ’ spouses cannot travel , lawmakers may bring “ an adult child ” when protocol calls for it , according to the House guidelines .
In select circumstances , members may also bring an adult child if their spouse is on the trip , but they must reimburse the government for the flight expenses .
The main issue with Baldwin ’s trip concerns the definition of the term “ spouse . ”
During her tenure in the House , Baldwin has been a forceful advocate for gay rights .
She unsuccessfully pushed party leaders last year to include protections for transgender people in legislation prohibiting workplace discrimination against gay , lesbian and bisexual employees .
Late last month , she sent a letter to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice in which she asked her to establish basic protections for gay and lesbian State Department employees .
Among the changes Baldwin requested were equal travel rights for domestic partners accompanying foreign - service officers to their postings overseas .
Baldwin and Azar travel together frequently , according to records filed with the House clerk .
Baldwin registered Azar as her spouse on each of those disclosure forms , and last December , the House ethics panel officially cleared Azar to travel with Baldwin to a health care conference in Philadelphia .
Ethics committee Chairwoman Stephanie Tubbs Jones ( D - Ohio ) and Washington Rep. Doc Hastings , the committee ’s ranking Republican , both signed off on that waiver to the chamber ’s gift rules .
Azar , an environmental attorney in Madison , has a deep background in public policy .
Gov. Jim Doyle appointed her last March to the Public Service Commission , a state board that oversees local utilities and economic development .
The Easter recess trip on which Azar accompanied Baldwin was organized by Democratic Rep. Rick Boucher of Virginia , who chairs the Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Energy and Air Quality .
Texas Rep. Joe Barton , the ranking Republican on the Energy and Commerce Committee , was also on the trip , according to sources on and off the Hill , and he was very vocal in his support of Baldwin .
Many other members got involved in the debate over Azar ’s attendance on the trip , according to sources on and off Capitol Hill , and the arguments did not break down along partisan lines .
The issue of spouse travel in same - sex couples came up when Republicans controlled the House , too , according to a member and former aides .
One former aide disputed Pelosi ’s argument that Hastert had ever authorized Baldwin to take Azar on a trip .
The aide said Hastert did not learn that Azar was on the trip until it had already begun .
“ If someone is recollecting that he authorized anything , my recollection would be the opposite , ” the former aide said .
The last 5 - 10 years have brought about amazing changes in computer technology .
Much of corporate America and most government agencies still use Windows - based PCs .
But many companies are opening the doors to Macs .
The reason ?
Most popular deliverables can be made on either platform .
Think about the software you use most frequently .
In some cases , you will only be able to do certain tasks on certain computer platforms .
But many apps are now cross-platform or can be accessed via cloud computing tools .
For example , many of the following programs are platform agnostic : Microsoft Office , Adobe Suite , PDF software , email clients , etc .
That is n’t to say that your choice of computer platform does n’t matter – it does .
But it means that your choice of computer platform may have less of an impact than it may have 5 or 10 years ago .
This article , for example , details my previous decision - making process of choosing a Dell computer instead of buying a MacBook .
At the time , I was using an old laptop running Windows .
It was in sore need of an upgrade .
I needed a faster and more powerful computer to run this website and others .
At the time , I was still working in Corporate America .
Though that had little to do with my decision - making process since I could take my work computer home when I need to work remotely .
At the time , I thought long and hard about going with the sleeker and sexier MacBook , but in the end , I decided to go with a PC again .
There were a lot of factors that went into my decision , but in the end , I just could n’t justify spending twice as much for a computer based on my needs .
I know the MacBooks are great computers , but for me , the decision was about more than just a sexy package and being able to sit with the cool kids at lunch .
I outline my decision - making process at the bottom of the article .
However , about a year and a half after buying my Dell laptop , I purchased my first MacBook Pro laptop .
This was in the summer of 2009 .
That MacBook Pro served as my full - time computer through April 2015 , when it was still running well ( with an upgrade in RAM and a new SSD hard drive ) .
I replaced that with a newer and more powerful MacBook after over six years of service .
I continue to use that MacBook Pro as my main computer .
( Two laptops in 10 years ai n’t bad , especially considering that I am online all day ! ) .
Today – I Use Both a MacBook and a Computer Running Windows 10
Today , I use my MacBook Pro for about 95 % of my computing needs .
I do , however , own a Microsoft Surface Pro running Windows 10 .
It ’s a great machine ( though I do n’t care for the ergonomics ; I wish I would have purchased a traditional laptop instead of a tablet with a kickstand ) .
I use the Microsoft Surface because I sometimes need to use a Windows - based computer to access certain government websites ( I am a member of the Air National Guard , and some websites do n’t work as well with my Mac ) .
After switching to the MacBook , I did everything I could to avoid using a Windows computer .
I was not a fan of Windows 7 or Windows 8 .
And do n’t get me started on Vista !
However , Windows 10 is actually a nice operating system .
I ’m not as familiar with it as I am with the Mac OS .
But it does n’t seem to have as many quirks as the previous Windows operating systems .
I could get by with it as my main computer if I had to .
Though I do prefer to use my Mac .
Are Macs Better than PCs ?
Honestly , I do n’t think you can go wrong with either computer as long as you are buying the machine that best meets your needs .
In the end , I decided a Mac was worth the added expense for me .
The MacBook Pro feels solid , is faster than my comparably equipped PC , and is more fun to use .
But I also recognize it can be very difficult to compare the two computers .
They use different operating systems , have different specs , come with different software arrangements , and other factors .
Instead of looking at the price tag , consider which features you want and / or need , then price out comparable computers and see which computer is the best solution for you .
I spent much more money upfront on the two MacBook Pro computers I have purchased .
But they have lasted me a combined nine years at this point , making them a very good overall investment .
Below are the thought processes I went through when I made my last two major computer purchases :
Why I Bought a MacBook ( Circa 2010 )
Over a year and a half ago I wrote an article comparing MacBooks vs. PCs , and why I chose a PC .
At the time , the PC was the right choice for me .
I researched my options and purchased a Dell laptop for roughly half what it would have cost me to purchase a MacBook with comparable features ( at the time I was n’t interested in the software that came with the MacBook ) .
Fast forward almost 2 years and I changed my tune .
Why ?
There are several reasons .
It Just Works
I ’ll be honest , I ’ve never liked this slogan .
It sounds pretentious and my PCs have always worked just fine .
The blue screen of death everyone complains about ?
I ’ve experienced it twice in over a decade of owning a PC .
But there is some truth to Apple ’s slogan .
My biggest complaint about using a PC is the little inconveniences that frequently arise , such as the boot - up time when starting the computer or bringing it out of sleep mode , constant anti-virus updates , searching for new drivers , software issues , and the requirement to reboot your computer every time you upgrade virtually any software program .
Nothing stifles creativity or productivity like having to reboot your computer in the middle of your work stream .
I ’ve had to reboot my MacBook when making major software upgrades , but not nearly as frequently as with my PC .
Apple MacBook Pro ( 13 " Retina , 2.3GHz Dual - Core Intel Core i5 , 8 GB RAM , 128GB SSD ) - Space Gray ( Latest Model ) Price : Buy Now on Amazon
My time has become more valuable
Time is the most valuable commodity on earth .
You can not replace it with money or material goods .
Simply put , I have spent too much time dealing with the inconveniences listed above .
I spend at least an hour each week waiting for my computer to boot up , dealing with driver issues , rebooting my computer for various programs or updates , and other small problems .
None of them are exceptionally time to consume , but they add up .
The OS and Software rock
I am a slow adopter when it comes to technology .
I had to see the Mac OS in action several times , talk to friends , and try it out before making the jump .
After researching what Macs have to offer , I decided I like the Mac OS and resident programs better than the equivalent programs that come standard with a PC .
To be fair , Windows 7 is great .
I think it is a big improvement over other MS operating systems and there are several features I prefer about Windows 7 over the Mac OS .
But overall , I prefer the quality , build , and software of the MacBook over similar PCs I looked at .
But Macs are more expensive than PCs !
Yes , they are .
But maybe not as much as you think .
In my opinion , there are three key components to consider when comparing Macs and PCs. 1 ) . Overall system configuration ( hardware ) , 2 . ) Software 3 . ) Quality .
Dell XPS9360 - 5203SLV -PUS
13.3 " FHD InfinityEdge Touch Screen - 8th Gen-Intel Core i5 - 8 GB Memory - 128 GB
( SSD ) HD , Intel HD Graphics , Silver Price : Buy Now on Amazon
Comparing Hardware for MacBooks and PCs .
When comparing Macs and PCs it is easy to take a quick look at the system specs and decide a MacBook is overpriced for what you get .
It is relatively easy to find a PC with the same amount of hard drive space , RAM , screen size and other configurations for about half the price of a MacBook .
But there is more to value than just system specs .
Component quality plays a big role .
Software .
The standard software that comes with a Mac is , in my opinion , better quality than the standard software that comes with a PC , since most PCs come with limited software outside of the Operating System .
You can buy similar programs for the PC , but that requires two things : research ( time ) and money , both of which are in tight supply these days .
Mac software is also designed to work efficiently with the Mac hardware and other Mac programs , which is something software designed for PCs does n’t do as well .
Quality .
The final tip goes to the quality of the product .
MacBook Pros are built from a solid piece of aluminum so they are sturdy and durable .
They are made with high - quality materials and have a slew of nice to have features not found on entry - level PCs .
A couple of good examples are the backlit keyboard and the multi - touch keypad .
My Decision to Stick with a PC ( Circa 2008 )
This section of the article was written in late - 2008 .
Surprisingly , much of it still stands , with the exception of specific computer specs .
MacBook vs. PC – My Needs
I needed a new laptop to run this website and others .
I only plan on using the laptop for business needs , which include running a few websites , minor photo editing , web browsing , e-mail , and other online apps .
I do n’t need a computer for video editing , heavy photo editing , music editing , etc .
These are tasks where the MacBook outshines the competition , especially when you consider most of the software is included in the price .
But most of that software is beyond my needs .
Online access .
Because my business is online , I need online access everywhere I go .
This is n’t a problem most of the time because I have wireless internet at home and I can always jump on a free wi- fi hotspot at a cafe if I need access away from home .
But what if there is no free wi-fi and I need internet access ?
I can use my cell phone as a modem on a PC ( my cell phone is powered by Windows Mobile on a T - Mobile unlimited plan ) , but I ca n’t use my cellphone as a modem on a MacBook .
The only alternative would be to pay for a wireless card through my cell provider .
That service is very expensive , and currently unnecessary with my PC .
How often does this happen ?
Every time I go to an airport that wants to charge $ 10 a day for internet access , some hotels , and a 5 - day stretch earlier this year when we lost internet at home due to a large storm front that came through our area .
In other words , often enough that it is a big factor in my decision - making process .
MacBook vs. PC – Cost
The MacBook costs roughly twice as much as a PC with a comparable hardware configuration .
I know the MacBook comes with a lot of additional software that is not standard on a PC , but I do n’t need most of the software .
The price of the Dell laptop I purchased was $ 739 ( including MS Office ) .
The closest equivalent MacBook is the new aluminum MacBook , which rings in at $ 1299 ( and has less RAM than the computer I purchased ) .
Office for the MacBook would add another $ 140 + to the price .
You can save money on an Apple certified refurbished Mac , but I prefer to buy new .
I ’ve also read about the high cost of Apple ’s Service Packs , which is another turn off for me .
MacBook vs. PC – Software
The old argument was that it was difficult to find software for Macs .
I do n’t think that is the case now , and in fact , a lot of free open source software can be found for both Macs and PCs , though PCs generally have a much larger selection .
The Mac does come standard with much more software , but this was n’t really a factor for me because I would n’t use much of it .
PCs do n’t usually come standard with much ( if any ) software .
But if you are upgrading your old computer , you can transfer your old software to your new computer .
Otherwise , you can find anything you want , much of it open source .
MacBook vs. PC – Viruses , Malware , etc .
To me , the most attractive feature of the Macs is a lack of known viruses and other forms of malware .
But I would n’t be surprised if this changes in the next few years as Apple ’s market share increases .
There are hundreds of thousands of viruses for PCs .
But in the decade - plus that I have been using a PC , I have only had one bad virus .
I use anti-virus software , scan everything I download , and only visit trusted sites .
I do n’t like the risk of viruses , but it can be mitigated through vigilance and smart computer usage .
MacBook vs. PC – Familiarity
I used my sister ’s MacBook when she visited me over Thanksgiving and I had trouble getting used to the keyboard , mouse , and interface .
I constantly use the right click button and center wheel on my mouse , both of which are n’t utilized by the mouse on a Mac .
I also use the {home} and {end} buttons and {delete} and {backspace} buttons quite often .
Trying to type on the MacBook was frustrating for me .
I ’m sure this would end up being a minor frustration and I would overcome these issues through regular use .
MacBook vs. PC – Games
I ’m not a big gamer , but if you are , then you probably want a PC .
There are games for the Mac , but they generally come out later than the PC release and many games are exclusively available on the PC .
MacBook vs. PC – My conclusion
I wanted to convince myself I needed a Mac .
I wanted the trendy , new computer that Just Works™ .
But I took passion and emotion out of the decision - making process and based my decision purely on needs .
When I did this , I realized the PC works just fine and I could n’t justify spending twice as much for a MacBook .
In the end , I do n’t think you can go wrong with either a Mac or a PC .
They are both high quality and offer users something unique .
I understand why people love either computer and / or dislike the other .
For my needs , the PC was the way to go .
But I wo n’t close the door on the Macs – far from it .
I would n’t be surprised if I buy a Mac my next go round .
But I also would n’t be surprised if I skipped them both and went with a free open source OS such as the Linux based Ubuntu or something similar .
I ’m a PC , at least for now .
Back to Today – Choose the Best Computer for Your Needs
There you have it !
Honestly , I think the Windows platform is greatly improved in the last 5 years .
And there are many great reasons to go with a PC .
The software environment has improved , the hardware can be excellent , and there are things you can do with a Windows machine that you simply can’t do with a Mac ( the Windows Surface is amazing for creatives and artists ! ) .
And on the flip side , Apple makes great computers as well .
This is my preferred computer and software .
But they have their downsides .
I have n’t upgraded my current laptop because I do n’t like that I would have to buy a bunch of dongles to connect my phone , printer , second monitor , etc .
At the end of the day , the only “ best computer ” is the computer that is best for your needs .
Related Post : How We Manage Our Money on a Daily Basis
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore bluntly told a U.N. conference on Monday that the planet would be better off if people cared more about global warming and less about O.J. Simpson and Paris Hilton .
Gore , the star of the Oscar - winning film " An Inconvenient Truth , " joined the head of the United Nations and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger to speak with one voice to urge quick global action to stem emissions that heat the Earth .
But it was Gore , who has become a guru for environmentalists , who stole the show as the United Nations turned its attention to the global ramifications of climate change and the need to curb greenhouse gas emissions .
" We have to overcome the paralysis that has prevented us from acting and focus clearly and unblinkingly on this world crisis , rather than spending time on Anna Nicole Smith and O.J. Simpson and Paris Hilton , " Gore said , drawing applause in referring to widely chronicled U.S. scandals .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Schwarzenegger said : " The time has come to stop looking back at the Kyoto Protocol ....
The rich nations and the poor nations have different responsibilities , but one responsibility we all have is action . "
U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon joined that call to action in his remarks to about 80 world leaders who met to focus on the problem of climate change .
" Today let the world know that you are ready to shoulder this responsibility and that you will address this challenge head on , " he said .
The session is meant to gather momentum for a meeting in Bali , Indonesia , in December where negotiators will start work on a climate treaty to succeed the Kyoto Protocol , which set binding emissions targets for 36 developed countries .
The Kyoto plan expires in 2012 .
' TECHNOLOGICAL REVOLUTION '
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice represented the United States at the climate meeting , urging a technology revolution to combat global warming .
" Put simply , the world needs a technological revolution , " Rice said .
" Existing energy technologies alone will not meet the global demand for energy while also reducing emissions to necessary levels . "
Lo Sze Ping of the environmental group Greenpeace China sounded a similar note but took aim at inertia by some rich countries on setting targets for curbing greenhouse gases .
China 's national climate change program commits China -- considered in at least one study to be the world 's biggest emitter of climate - warming pollution -- to binding targets for renewable energy and energy efficiency , Lo said .
These targets ,
Lo said , are " stronger and more ambitious than in certain industrialized countries . "
" At the climate negotiations in December , you leaders of the world must therefore agree to nothing short of a ... mandate -- not a roadmap leading to nowhere , not a wish list , " Lo said .
President George W. Bush did not attend on Monday but was to dine with Ban , representatives of countries that emit the most greenhouse gases and island nations most at risk from rising seas forecast as a result of global warming .
European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso , representing countries that emit 15 percent of the world 's climate - warming carbon dioxide , told Reuters : " We can succeed only if we have the United States with us . "
" We can wait no longer , " said French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
" It is our duty to make decisions straight away because otherwise it is going to be too late . "
Bush has rejected the Kyoto Protocol , an international agreement that requires 36 industrial nations to cut greenhouse emissions by at least 5 percent from 1990 levels by 2012 .
He contends the accord unfairly burdens rich countries while exempting developing countries like China and India and that it will cost U.S. jobs .
Developing countries have said it is unfair to ask them to curb their emissions as their economies grow while industrialized nations have been polluting for decades .
Bush does plan to speak at a two - day Washington meeting at the State Department on Thursday and Friday , a gathering of " major economies " -- the world 's biggest global warming contributors -- on energy security and climate change .
( Additional reporting by Jeff Mason , Tim Gardner , Phillip Pulella and Paul Eckert )
BERKELEY / Carts stay cool as city takes heat on storage policy /
When the homeless lose or abandon stuff , it gets frozen
shoppingcarts_036_mac.jpg Deputy Director for Berkeley Public Works Dept. , Patrick Keilch inside the frigid trailer that holds bags and bags of items along with a few carts themselves .
n
The city of Berkeley of late has been freezing abandoned shopping carts filled with stuff for 90 days so that perishable goods inside do n't rot .
The city believes it is obligated to keep the possessions found in the carts in case anyone wants to claim them .
Some citizens say the program is an absurd waste of money during hard economic times .
We will visit the refrigerated truck that the city has on rented on Department of Transportation land under University Avenue .
11/9/04 Berkeley , CA Michael Macor / San Francisco Chronicle Mandatory Credit for Photographer and San Francisco Chronicle / - Magazine Out Metro#Metro#Chronicle#11/16/2004#ALL#5star##0422458959 less shoppingcarts_036_mac.jpg Deputy Director for Berkeley Public Works Dept. , Patrick Keilch inside the frigid trailer that holds bags and bags of items along with a few carts themselves .
n
The city of Berkeley of ... more Photo : Michael Macor Photo : Michael Macor Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close BERKELEY / Carts stay cool as city takes heat on storage policy /
When the homeless lose or abandon stuff , it gets frozen 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Berkeley tolerates its homeless people , and takes good care of their stuff when they abandon it in shopping carts .
Not only does the city pack carts and other belongings into a huge container in case folks want it back -- it also deep - freezes them for as long as 90 days .
About a year ago , Berkeley bought a 40 - foot - long , 8 - foot - wide refrigerated container for $ 8,200 after public works officials complained about vermin infesting carts stored at the city 's outdoor corporation yard .
The city signed a five - year , $ 61,500 lease with Caltrans for land under the University Avenue overpass at Interstate 80 to put the container on , and ran power to the unit .
Deputy City Attorney Matthew Orebic said the city is heeding state law that requires storage of lost goods .
He said it is not clear , however , that that law applies to unattended shopping carts because they may not be lost .
" We just do that to be safe and fair , to make sure that there 's no argument that we 've violated any laws and to be fair to the person , " Orebic said .
" What if you 've got your medication in there ? "
San Francisco and UC Berkeley also store homeless people 's belongings as a result of lawsuits filed by homeless advocates , but they do n't freeze them .
Critics say Berkeley 's freezer program is an example of good intentions run amok .
The city , which faces a $ 7.5 million deficit , should treat abandoned shopping carts as stolen property instead of worrying so much about the contents , they say .
" The amount of money wasted in this city is so outrageous it 's ridiculous , " said Jim Hultman , who learned of the cart freezing while fighting a $ 50,000 - a - year program near his house that gave homeless people rented storage space .
But Orebic said it would be impractical , for legal and logistical reasons , for police to make a practice of seizing shopping carts from homeless people or charging them with misdemeanor theft charges .
Robert Long , coordinator of the Multi - Agency ( homeless ) Service Center in downtown Berkeley , said he was " conflicted " about the storage program , but he knows that one person 's trash is another person 's treasure .
" I doubt that many of those carts will be claimed , " Long said .
Marci Jordan , executive director of the Berkeley Food and Housing Project , said she would like the money spent on other projects .
" I do n't see it as an effective strategy , " she said .
Deputy Public Works Director Patrick Keilch said very few items from the hundreds of carts picked up annually are retrieved .
He estimated the annual cost of refrigerating the stuff at 0 to 6 degrees Fahrenheit at about $ 3,000 .
" Being Berkeley , we 're pretty tolerant and we bend over backward .
What 's the phrase ?
' Walk a mile in my shoes , ' " said Keilch , who estimated the city spends about $ 100,000 annually for two people to clean stuff that homeless people leave in public areas .
Keilch opened the container for a Chronicle reporter and photographer last week to view the contents , which included a box of vinyl records , a broken music keyboard , several backpacks and a TV set , in addition to shopping carts .
A homeless man who lost his cart holding blankets and new shoes a month ago , when he left it to go to Oakland to face charges of public intoxication , said Monday that he did not know about the storage program .
But George Williams , 60 , said it would have been a lot of trouble to find the right city officials and get to West Berkeley to retrieve his stuff .
" I never followed up , " said Williams , who was pushing a different cart full of blankets , some food and a bottle of vodka .
Hultman and other critics of city spending practices are also outraged that the city throws out shopping carts , with stores passing the cost of lost carts -- typically $ 100 apiece -- on to customers .
" The residents end up paying more for their groceries , " said Marie Bowman , who fought against $ 8 million in proposed city taxes that voters rejected this month .
By contrast , San Francisco takes everything out of carts , separates perishable goods and charges businesses if identifiable carts are not picked up within a few days .
Hultman provided a copy of an e-mail he received dated Jan. 12 from Public Works Director René Cardinaux stating that " at one time , stores were called to pick up their carts and a service used to pick them up , ( but ) this no longer happens . "
Cardinaux was not in the office Monday , but Keilch acknowledged that many carts have been trashed in the past .
He said the city is now planning to hold meetings with local retailers to find out what they want done .
" Sometimes , market officials have said they do n't want the carts back , and so typically the city has been throwing them out , " Keilch said .
Also , many carts are damaged or have identifying information removed , he said .
In Berkeley , cart contents are often put in garbage bags , but carts themselves are also sometimes wheeled into the freezer car .
Keilch said sifting through cart contents to separate material of value from junk can be risky because of hazards such as hypodermic needles .
Cardinaux told the City Council in October that an added benefit of buying a freezer car is that it could serve as a temporary morgue in cases of a major disaster .
But the main reason , he said , was that the city attorney advised that a storage program was needed .
Berkeley Bowl general manager Dan Kataoka said he did not know of the storage program but his store actively tries to retrieve wayward carts .
The store loses about 300 carts a year , although many are stolen for sale to other stores outside Berkeley , he said .
Roy Pervall , 57 , who has been homeless for five years , said Monday that while the city usually does n't actively sweep up carts , he is careful to avoid losing his stuff .
" I never leave mine ( cart ) , " he said .
" I never go anywhere without it . "
Two icons from two generations .
Elvis sings Frank Sinatra ’s Witchcraft and Frank Sinatra sings Elvis’ Love Me Tender .
This was a Welcome Home Elvis show by Timex in 1960 to welcome Elvis home from the Army .
It aired on May 12 , 1960 on ABC TV .
How the " Bank " of Rome Creates " Federal " Reserve Dollars out of Nothing !!
Albert Einstein said : " Compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world " Thomas Jefferson said : " I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies . "
Maier Amschel Rothschild said : " Permit me to issue and control the money of a nation and I care not who writes its laws "
The " Federal " Reserve Bank loans the U.S. government their own " money " at usury or interest !!
The Federal Reserve Bank only creates the Principal - not the usury or interest that it lends to the U.S. government .
Therefore the usury can NEVER be repaid and the end result is foreclosure and bankruptcy .
In 1765 , the Bank of England demanded that the American Colonies pay taxes in British specie or coins which the people did not possess .
If they had borrowed from the Bank of England to pay the tax , the end result would have been the same : foreclosure and bankruptcy with the Bank owning everything !!
It 's the same fatal bite of that old Serpent the Devil and Satan which deceiveth the whole world ( Rev. 12:9 ) .
No wonder that usury is called nashak or the bite of a serpent in the Bible .
The power of compound interest or usury .
This graph is an example of ONE Rockefeller billion placed in the bank in 1900 at 6 % usury and compounded annually .
At 6 % interest the money doubles every 12 years .
There is a rule called the Rule of 72 for calculating usury rates .
Divide the usury rate by 72 and the quotient will give you the approximate number of years that it takes the money to double :
The rule of 72 Usury at 4 % percent 72 =15 years approx .
4 Usury at 6 % percent 72 = 12 years approx .
6 Usury at 8 % percent 72 =9 years approx .
8
Divide the usury rate by 72 and that will give you the approximate number of years for the money to double .
There is a more precise way to calculate usury using the computer calculator .
Most computers have calculators .
The formula to calculate principal plus interest for one billion dollars is this : 1.000.000 multiplied by 1.06 raised to the power or exponent of 96 equals 268.759.030 billion dollars !!
You can also cheat and go here !!
How the " Bank " of Rome creates Federal Reserve Notes out of nothing !!
Step 1 in " money " creation
The " Bank " of Rome Fiat " money " creation begins when the " Bank " of Rome decides that the U.S. is ready for another bite from that old serpent the Devil .
They instruct their American branch — the Federal Reserve Bank — to order Congress to raise the debt limit by $ 1 billion .
Step 2 in " money " creation The U.S. Congress Congress obeys the " Federal " Reserve Bank and instructs the U.S. Treasury to print $ 1 billion interest bearing bonds and sell them to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Step 3 in " money " creation The U.S. Treasury The U.S. Treasury prints the $1 billion interest bearing bonds and sells them to the Federal Reserve Bank !!
As security or collateral they offer the INCOME TAX collected from the taxpayers .
The U.S. Treasury prints only the Principal . . . not the usury or interest .
Step 4 in " money " creation " Federal " Reserve Bank of New York The " Federal " Reserve or the Fed buys the usury bearing bonds and credits the U.S. Treasury for $ 1 billion .
The government must now pay back the bonds with INTEREST .
As the interest was not created , it can NEVER be repaid with " Federal " Reserve Dollars !!
In a closed monetary system like the U.S. , only " Federal " Reserve Notes are legal tender to pay back the bonds .
Gold and silver are REAL money and could be used to repay the debt but they are stored in Switzerland and credited to the account of the " Bank " of Rome .
Since the Treasury only printed the PRINCIPAL — not the usury or interest — the money can NEVER be repaid ....
The end result is bankruptcy and foreclosure for the government .
This is the very same scam that the Bank of England tried to impose on the Colonies when they made specie or coin the only means to repay the king 's tax .
Here is another example of money creation by the Federal Reserve Bank .
The diagram is from The Truth in Money Book by Theadore R. Thoren and Richard F. Wagner .
Thoren and Wagner were experts n the Federal Reserve System and monetized debt creation .
However they were not aware of the Secrets of the " Bank " of Rome and the real identity of the moneychangers and their crusade to destroy this country by debt and usury .
The American people have to pay usury on their own money .
Not even the Mafia could have dreamed up a more stupendous scam than this !!
THIS IS THE GREATEST SCAM IN THE HISTORY OF THE UNIVERSE !!
Usury is the ONLY cause of inflation !!
Growth of usury on the Federal debt follows an exponential curve e.g. , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , 32 , etc , etc .
Inflation robs a currency of its purchasing power until eventually it buy NOTHING .
Before the fall of the Roman Empire , the government debased the currency by clipping the coins and adding less and less silver and gold .
Inflation does the same thing to a paper currency as the paper becomes worthless and people lose all faith in the fiat .
Eventual collapse can be postponed by printing more and more " money " but eventually the day of reckoning finally arrives .
Editor 's Notes John D. Rockefeller ( Mr. Usury ) in 1872 .
Federal Reserve Founder John D. , said : " Among the early experiences that were helpful to me that
I recollect with pleasure was one in working a few days for
a neighbour in digging potatoes — a very enterprising , thrifty
farmer , who could dig a great many potatoes .
I was a boy of
perhaps thirteen or fourteen years of age , and It kept me very
busy from morning until night .
It was a ten - hour day .
And
as I was saving these little sums I soon learned that I could
get as much interest for fifty dollars loaned at seven per cent .
— the legal rate in the state of New York at that time for a year — as I could earn by digging potatoes for 100 days .
The impression was gaining ground with me that it was a good thing to let the money be my slave and not make myself a slave to money " ( Ida Tarbell , History of the Standard Oil Co. , p.41 ) .
What a pity he did n't stay digging potatoes ...
The world would be a much better place today .
John D. Rockefeller was the founder of the " Federal " Reserve Bank .
He was a typical usurer .
Letting other people do the work and then reaping the benefits .
It is a shame that the pious hypocrite NEVER heard a sermon on usury when he attended the Euclid St. Baptist Church every Sunday .
Even though the " Federal " Reserve Bank has the name FEDERAL in it 's title , it has no connection with the Federal Government except that it OWNS the government ....
The President of the U.S. and Secretary of the Treasury do not sit on its board !!
The Chairman is appointed for a period of 14 years .
The President does appoint him but that is just a formality as the Fed can easily ruin an uncooperative President by causing a recession or depression .
Vital links Compound interest calculator Exponential growth illustrated Interest on national debt Share of National debt Inflation calculator References Elsom , John R. , Lightning over the Treasury Building , An Expose of our Banking and Currency Monstrosity , Meador Pub. , Boston , Mass .
Griffin , G. Edward , The Creature from Jekyll Island : A Second Look at the Federal Reserve , American Media , P.O. Box 4646 , Westlake Village , California , 1998 .
Mullins , Eustace , The Secrets of the Federal Reserve , Bankers Research Institute , Staunton , VA , 1993 .
Sutton , Anthony C. , The Federal Reserve Conspiracy , CPA Book Pub. , Boring , Oregon , 1995 .
Thoren , Theadore R. , & Warner , Richard F. , The Truth in Money Book , Truth in Money Inc. , Chagrin Falls , Ohio , 1989 .
Tarbell , Ida M. , History of the Standard Oil Company , in 2 volumes , Mc Clure , Phillips & Co. , New York , 1904 .
Vennard , Wickliffe B. , The Federal Reserve Hoax , Forum Pub. , Boston , Mass , 1963 Return to Secrets of the " Bank " of Rome
While pundits have been lamenting the fact that Apple 's " software update " program on Windows is now pushing Safari 3.1 to users , we thought we'd check out Safari 3.1 to find out if Apple has made any real progress on the Windows version of this browser .
After all , it 's about the software , right ?
We put the Safari 3 beta on Windows through the wringer last summer , and we were n't too terribly impressed .
The problems were significant , such that we'd have a hard time recommending the browser to any Windows user .
As of last summer , Firefox was still the Windows browser of choice here at Ars .
Have things improved for Safari ?
Wow , have they .
Compliance and memory usage : tops
Safari 3.1 is the first non -beta release of Safari for Windows .
Along with the Mac version , 3.1 brings support for CSS Web fonts and animations , and it improves existing support for SVG and HTML 5 .
There are also a handful of performance and stability improvements rolled into the release .
Standards compliance is impressive .
Safari 3.1 scores a 75 on Acid 3 , compared with a 53 on Firefox 2.0.0.12 , a 40 on Opera , and a paltry 12 on IE7 ( I only looked at official releases , not betas ; Safari on the Mac also scores a 75 ) .
Apart from sites using ActiveX and other browser - specific tech ( like WM DRM ) , I had no trouble using sites in my normal browsing rotation , either .
I had no trouble accessing American Express , Gmail , Citbank , Yahoo Mail , Digg , etc .
Compliance without stability is pointless , however .
Fortunately , Safari 3.1 for Windows is now a stable , usable web browser .
We could n't say that about Safari on Windows before , but now that we 've been testing it for a few days , we can tell you this : it 's a night and day difference compared to the beta we saw last summer .
I 've had one crash in two days , and others in the lab report similar results ( and there is a building consensus that the problem is caused by Flash ) .
That puts it on the same stability level as the other major Windows browsers that we put through the gauntlet .
Memory usage is good , too .
Safari uses about the same amount of memory as Firefox , pre-memory problems .
That is , Safari and Firefox have similar memory footprints at startup , but after you use both for several hours , they start to diverge .
Firefox 's notorious problems with memory " leaks " are to blame , so Safari ends up using 25 to 50 percent less memory , keeping it from getting sluggish and unstable .
This is something we expect to see greatly improved with Firefox 3.0 .
Update : several Firefox advocates have written in to tell me that the browser I have been using for years now ( Firefox ) does n't actually have any memory problems , and that extensions cause them all .
That 's funny , because I tested without any extensions , and still had problems .
There 's a reason why memory fixes are a big part of Firefox 3 .
Call them leaks , call them what you will : Firefox does have a memory problem , and it 's not solely related to caching .
A very fast Safari
Safari is indeed quite speedy .
Start time for Safari is fast , but not lightning fast .
Unsurprisingly , IE is the fastest browser to start on my Windows Vista test machine by a margin of two seconds ; Safari and Firefox are about the same when loaded without extensions ( Firefox is slowed somewhat by the 10 extensions I have installed during normal usage , but even then , not enough for me to care ) .
HTML rendering speeds are very quick , too .
I would n't say that the speed is dramatically different to the extent that I 'd switch on those merits alone .
Sure , the difference Apple claims looks dramatic , but our testing is n't bearing this out .
We 'll have a lot more to say on that when we do our complete next - gen browser review .
JavaScript performance is supposed to be one of Safari 's strong points , and we have found that to be true on Windows .
Safari is very fast , subjectively faster than IE and about as fast as Firefox , perhaps a bit speedier .
A few problems yet
We still find it annoying that there 's no " new tab " button .
Control - T remains the quickest way to open a new blank tab ( but you can also double click on the tab bar to get a new tab ) .
Also , we ran into problems trying to add certain buttons to the toolbar .
Doing so would consistently fail , but a restart fixed this .
I can live with Control - T and the few bugs that will be fixed soon .
Apple has bigger fish to fry , though ( like fonts ) , if it wants to accomplish something with this browser on Windows .
Fonts are still a problem .
In fact , for me , the fonts are a deal - breaker .
Safari 3.1 for Windows continues to use the Mac OS X font anti-aliasing approach rather than the native font anti-aliasing system in Windows ( ClearType ) .
The result is text that is often fuzzy , particularly smaller text .
Sometimes small text looks bold when it is n't .
Setting Safari to " light " anti-aliasing produced the best results for me , but the text was still inferior to what one would see in IE or Firefox on Windows .
I know some readers are going to e-mail me and extol the ways in which Safari 's font rendering encapsulates the ephemeral origins of the written word or some other such nonsense , but it comes down to a basic point : all of the anti-aliased text on Windows is rendered using ClearType .
When your app uses a different scheme , it looks broken because it looks different .
Apple needs to fix this , because the company is clearly gunning for market share on Windows .
Whereas I once thought that Apple 's only interest in releasing Safari on Windows was to get developers interested in WebKit and , eventually , the iPhone SDK , I now think Apple is actually pushing to make this a truly competitive Windows browser .
Case in point : Apple fixed it so that you can resize the window by grabbing any part of the Window : top , bottom , left side , etc .
When 3.0 beta came out , it behaved like the Mac version , only allowing you to resize from the bottom - right corner .
Apple heard the pleas .
The Macintosh manufacturer wants Windows browser market share , and both Microsoft and Mozilla should be concerned now that Safari 3.1 shows that Apple is n't interested in half - assed efforts .
In the end , I 'll be sticking with Firefox , because it's what 's familiar to me , has better extensions , and I am very excited about the 3.0 betas .
We 'll be paying much more attention to Safari now that it 's clear that Apple is serious about making this a quality download for Windows , however .
It 's now a real contender , which it was n't previously .
J7 : The July 7th Truth Campaign
A Call for July 7th Truth & Justice
This site was set - up following the London bombings on 7 July 2005 with the aim of getting to the truth about what really happened on the day that 56 people were killed and over 700 injured on London transport .
Initial train operating company reports on the day announced the devastation on the Underground was the result of a ' power surge ' , and this continued to be reported until shortly after the explosion of a number 30 bus in Tavistock Square at 9.47 am .
After the bus incident a very different version of events began to unfold , involving everything from military grade explosives with timers or remote detonators , placed on , or under , train floors , right through to highly - volatile , home - made explosives allegedly carried by four young British men .
Five years on from the events that this site endeavours to examine and the debate about 7/7 now hinges on whether or not there should be an independent public inquiry .
Or , whether a flimsy , shoddily researched , factually incorrect , and anonymously penned and published document that sketches an outline of the official story [ PDF ] should suffice as an explanation for how 56 lives were taken .
To date , and despite the release of some CCTV footage purporting to be from the day of 7 July 2005 , not one piece of evidence has been released to the public that could be legitimately used to convict someone in a court of law for what happened , yet the government still has no plans to organise an Independent Public Inquiry and " families of July 7 bombing victims fear they may never learn the truth " .
Despite this , some argue that we know what happened on 7/7 , and that a Public Inquiry is an unnecessary waste of money .
Former British Prime Minister , Tony Blair , shamefully dismissed the early calls for an inquiry as a " ludicrous diversion " .
Others argue that we know exactly what happened but that we still need a public inquiry to discover why the attack was n't prevented .
So , whatever way the story plays out , the guilt of the accused is automatically and implicitly assumed , in a way quite contrary to a fundamental tenet of British law , the presumption of innocence .
Further , the guilt of the accused has been assumed without any judicial or public scrutiny of the evidence the government claims to have .
Thus far we have had what amounts to a trial by media , based solely on State pronouncements and anonymous leaks that are to be taken on no more than trust .
The 7/7 inquiry being called for by everyone other than J7 is not an inquiry into what actually happened , how it happened and who made it happen , but instead a proposed inquiry into the possible failings of government , police and ' intelligence ' services that resulted in them being unable collectively to prevent what happened .
On the basis that those charged with crimes are " innocent until proven guilty " , J7 are the only organisation that has proposed the notion of a public inquiry into the events of 7 July 2005 in which the guilt of the four accused is not implicitly assumed , particularly not without any judicial or public scrutiny of all the evidence .
Should the evidence corroborate the official story , and prove conclusively the case against the accused , then we would be perfectly happy to accept that conclusion ; if the official story is true , then there should be no problem with making all the evidence available for public scrutiny .
However , with specific reference to instances of terrorism on mainland Britain , the British State 's record of honestly and justly bringing the perpetrators of terrorist attacks to justice is shockingly poor .
Several notable precedents exist in which the State and police colluded in at least one of the following despicable acts : the deliberate manufacture of evidence to secure a conviction ; the suppression of evidence that would clear the accused ; the extraction of false confessions through violence and intimidation .
Some of those that have fallen victim to such underhand tactics include the Birmingham 6 in the case of Birmingham pub bombings , the Guildford 4 with respect to the Guildford pub bombings , the Maguire 7 , Danny McNamee and Judith Ward , among others , the latter of whom suffered 18 years imprisonment for a conviction that the appeal court quashed , concluding that the conviction had been " secured by ambush " .
Another act of terrorism for which nobody has ever been charged , much less justly and honestly prosecuted , is the Manchester Arndale Centre bombing of 1996 , about which Greater Manchester Police Deputy Chief Constable Dave Whatton made the announcement , shortly before the tenth anniversary of the bombing , that there was " no realistic possibility of a prosecution " .
History more than amply demonstrates that there exist a concerning number of terrorist attacks in Britain from which much political and legislative capital has been made by the State for which the actual perpetrators have never been arrested , charged , prosecuted or brought to justice .
In additon to the nature , scope and focus of any public inquiry , there is the not inconsiderable issue of a piece of legislation called the Inquiries Act 2005 which passed into law exactly one month before 7/ 7 .
The act legislates full control of every aspect of any public inquiry to the executive , allowing the State to block scrutiny of State actions , shut down avenues of inquiry at will , suppress publication of information , and a raft of other things that are counter to conducting an honest and open public inquiry .
The act was labelled " the public inquiries cover - up bill " and was drafted in response to the calls for a public inquiry into the murder of Human Rights Lawyer Patrick Finucane .
Finucane was executed in his home , shot 14 times , in front of his wife and three children as they sat down to eat dinner .
After investigating the killing , former Metropolitan Police Commissioner Lord Stevens concluded there had been collusion and collaboration between Mr Finucane 's killers and members of the British security forces .
The Finucane family have taken a principled stand and actively refused to participate in any proposed public inquiry into the murder of Patrick under the terms of the current act .
They are supported in their cause by Amnesty International and the July 7th Truth Campaign .
J7 believes that the families of the 56 people killed on 7 July 2005 also deserve an honest , fully independent , transparent , accountable and open public inquiry , held outside of the limiting remit of the Inquiries Act 2005 and suggest that judges , the bereaved and injured similarly refuse to participate in any inquiry proposed under the terms of the 2005 act .
In order to address these issues and to try and get to the truth about what happened on 7 July 2005 , J7 have one simple demand , that the government RELEASE THE EVIDENCE which conclusively proves or disproves , beyond reasonable doubt , the official Home Office narrative .
A Japanese Samurai Sword is placed blade facing a machine gun .
The machine gun is fired at the sword and eventually breaks it , but NOT before the sword cuts the first six bullets in half .
Awesome youtube clip .
And that ’s how good Japanese can make things .
To every Sunday , there is spin , spin , spin ... not least from the Iraqi fiasco 's biggest cheerleader , William " The Bloody " Kristol who apparently thinks that enthusiastic consistency makes up for being 100 % wrong on about everything he says .
On FOXNews Sunday he furthers the new neo -con meme of the Iranian threat , which is absent any evidence other than the neo- cons ' insistence that they are a threat .
Pay no attention that it's the same rhetoric used to go after the Taliban , then Saddam , then al Qaeda in Iraq .
Juan Williams points out that Kristol 's war - mongering is getting a little old .
Download Download
WALLACE : Bill on the policy side , and it ’s what I talked about with Stephen Hadley , perhaps the most striking development this week was the increased and new focus on Iraq , on Iran rather , not al Qaeda as the central threat to our interest in Iraq .
What 's up , what 's going on there ?
KRISTOL : Well what 's going on is that we 've done so much damage to al Qaeda , they 've been pushed up north toward Mosul .
I think we 're going to continue to reduce their effectiveness , and so now the Iranian - backed Shi ’a extremists are the major threat .
That 's good , not bad .
We have virtually wiped out al Qaeda in Iraq which al Qaeda said over and over was the central front of their battle against the US .
Uh I think now Iran comes more into focus .
Uh we need to , we have to see how much we can do to deter Iran from uh uh , complicating things in the south with the Shi’a , but the good news is the Iraqi Shi ’a government which which was supposed to be a puppet and pawn of Iran has turned against the Iranian - backed Shi ’a militia .
Politically , I think this is good for McCain for this reason :
What 's the main challenge of the next President ?
Dealing with Iran .
Dealing with Iran 's attempts to get mutual hegemony .
Dealing with Iran 's attempt to destabilize Iraq .
Dealing with Iran 's attempt to get nuclear weapons .
Who do you want dealing with Iran over the next four years ?
McCain or Obama ?
I think that 's good for McCain .
WILLIAMS : I do n’t think it ’s good for McCain because I think it makes the war a bigger issue .
I mean , the whole rationale that was put forward this week still focused on al Qaeda .
And as you have just said , the United States military has done a good job of dealing with al Qaeda .
So then the argument becomes : if things are getting better , why do we need to stay ?
Oh no , because if we leave , things will get worse .
But wait a second , you ’ve dealt with al Qaeda , and now we shift to Iran , you know , the new devil in the picture .
I think at some point the …it just strains credibility .
Ands when you put Gen .
Petraeus there saying , you know , where ’s the political progress , it ’s almost like you ’re talking to the wrong person .
You should be talking to President Bush and his team about why there has been no political stability developed in Iraq given that the U.S. military has provided this long time frame from which progress could be made .
( Check out our complete collection of Underwater and Oceanic Oddities . )
Who has n’t imagined living on their very own floating paradise ?
For those aboard ResidenSea , a permanent ocean - going residence , this dream is at least a partial reality .
Freedom Ship ( upon its completion ) will take floating cities to a new level and if the Living Universe Foundation has its way the oceans will just be a first stop on the humanity ’s path to the stars .
From seafaring condos to oceanic micronations , this collection is roughly sequenced from most practical ( but also most mundane ) to most extraordinary ( but also least plausible ) !
ResidenSea is a ( perhaps unsurprisingly ) Florida - based company that manages the world ’s only mobile and full - time floating luxury community called The World .
Think of this as a cruise ship – but on serious steroids .
While this project does n’t claim micronational status it is essentially completely independent of any location .
Prices are predictably high , ranging from 2.5 to 7.5 million dollars to own on - board condo spaces .
Activities and amenities on board include swimming pools , restaurants , tennis courts , a library , health spa , fitness center and even golf greens .
Sure , it sounds a lot like a cruise ship , but it is also a full - time residence ( and even tax haven ) for many on - board owners .
Still , if it is n’t exciting enough , the Freedom Ship ( next paragraph ) sure should be .
The Freedom Ship project is a serious step up from ResidenSea but also unbuilt as of yet , though 1/5 of the on - board living units have already been sold .
The concept ?
A mile - long , energy self - sufficient floating city with absolutely everything included from parks and playgrounds to apartments , businesses , schools , casinos and shopping malls .
It will also be fully networked for phone and internet communications .
Rather than docking , aircraft will land to resupply the ship and deposit and pick up residents .
At 25 stories high the ship would accommodate 40,000 full - time residents and 60,000 total occupants .
More than a floating paradise this is designed to be a fully functioning and essentially autonomous city of relatively uniform architecture .
Though funding is still needed , signs still point to the eventual completion of this ocean - going wonderland .
The Living Universe Foundation is a strange organization dedicated to the long - term colonization of the galaxy .
In the long term , they envision humans tapping into the vast natural resources outside of planet Earth – from the sun ’s energy ( of which we get only a tiny fraction of course ) to vast mineral deposits on nearby asteroids .
In the short term , however , they believe that a series of self - sufficient , semi-autonomous ocean - going cities are the first step on this eight - step journey to galactic conquest .
What are to start as sea-faring colonies would form the basis for future space journeys as these semi-independent enclaves could then be transported to the stars as units .
Power would be generated by taking advantage of the temperature differentials at the water ’s surface versus the deeps .
The sea - borne populations would subsist on sea life and tourist trade and the urban design ( shown above ) would be based in part on managing water navigational issues .
The first step in this project ?
Apparently , the foundation has started with a land - based colony in Texas with one resident in a trailer .
The Celestopia Project is a broad - scoped attempt at colonizing the Earth ’s oceans one settlement at a time .
According to one source , Celestopean Elemental Separators will ( apparently ) allow them to mine the ocean ’s waters for not only “ hydrogen and oxygen ” but also for “ platinum and gold . ”
Their more moderate homepage suggests they will use Thermal Energy Converters ( OTECs ) to harvest power from temperature differentials in the ocean .
Life on these oceanic colonies will involve age - extending health practices and domed residences that will be resistant to the forces of nature .
Each such floating city will be designed to house 5,000 to 10,000 people and these will slowly cover the surfaces of all of the Earth ’s oceans .
So where did this all start ?
As with many present utopian ideals and building strategies a surprising number of philosophical ideas , building strategies and ecological approaches embodied in the aforementioned floating utopian concepts date back to the famous environmentalist , scientist , designer , philosopher and visionary Buckminster Fuller .
In the 1960s he developed a design for something known as Triton City which was to be a floating place of residence for up to 5,000 inhabitants and designed to be resistant to tsunamis and other natural forces that floating cities might encounter on the water .
Somewhat amazingly , these designs were approved by the Navy as well as the Department of Housing and Urban Development in the United States .
In fact , Baltimore even planned at one point to construct one of these and install it in Chesapeake Bay until governments changed and plans fell through .
Many thanks to James Lee of SeaStead.org and be sure to check out these awesome boats and ships as well as this compelling prequel to this post for more strange and remote utopian projects : 3 of the World ’s Weirdest Micronations .
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates speaks at a keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show ( CES ) in Las Vegas , Nevada January 6 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
SEATTLE ( Reuters ) - Microsoft Corp plans to invest heavily in Web search to compete against Google Inc , even if it fails to acquire Yahoo Inc , the company ’s chairman Bill Gates said on Monday .
Gates , who called Microsoft ’s offer for Yahoo “ very fair ” , said Google is the only company with “ critical mass ” in Web search .
Microsoft needs a bigger piece of the market to create a more competitive and profitable Web search business .
“ We can afford to make big investments in the engineering and marketing that needs to get done .
We will do that with or without Yahoo , ” said Gates in an interview with Reuters .
“ But we also see that we ’d get there faster if the great engineering work that Yahoo has done and the great engineers there were part of the common effort , ” said Gates , who is Microsoft ’s biggest shareholder .
The two companies are at a stand - off in Microsoft ’s $ 41.7 billion unsolicited bid to acquire Yahoo .
Microsoft has offered to buy Yahoo for $ 31 a share in cash and stock , a bid which Yahoo ’s board rejected , saying it undervalued the company .
Microsoft countered by saying its offer was “ full and fair , ” but did not say what it planned to do next .
Analysts expect Microsoft to sweeten its bid , possibly to $ 35 a share , to clinch a deal .
“ There is nothing new in terms of the process .
We ’ve sent our letter and we ’ve reinforced that we consider that it ’s a very fair offer , ” said Gates , who remains the public face of Microsoft , even though he plans to switch to a part - time role at the company in June to focus on his philanthropic work .
Microsoft ’s stock has fallen 13 percent since its offer for Yahoo , reducing Microsoft ’s offer price to $ 29 .
Yahoo shares closed at $ 29.66 on the Nasdaq on Friday , indicating that investors expect Microsoft to raise its bid .
In Staunton Circuit Court today , a hearing in the case of the town 's new adult video store After Hours Video , its owner Rick Krial ( at left , with his attorney Paul Cambria answering a reporter 's questions ) , and a cashier Tinsley Embrey , became the latest installment of a legal drama that will extend to at least June 17 , when Judge Thomas Wood set their trial date .
However , this saga could have multiple sequels , as this first trial focuses only on the first four of the combined 22 charges currently facing the store owner and his employee , leaving open the possibility of three or more additional trials .
Why so many ?
" You 're dealing with 24 hours ' worth of porn , " answers Staunton Commonwealth 's Attorney Ray Robertson .
" I 've watched these , and if you require a jury to watch all that , they could become bored or desensitized to these acts . "
In light of this prospect , Robertson proposed to Judge Wood that the prosecution choose two movies to be representative of the other 10 purchased by Staunton police .
" If we have all these videos , and the jury has only seen one or two , how does my summation of all of them make any sense if they have n't seen them ? " asked Krial attorney Paul Cambria , a Buffalo - based obscenity lawyer made famous by 30 + years of courthouse arguments on behalf of Hustler publisher Larry Flynt .
" They decided how many movies to purchase .
We 're the ones disadvantaged by multiple trials because of the incredible expense to my client . "
Fellow former Flynt attorney Louis Sirkin , who is defending cashier Embrey , believes that Robertson 's proposal of trying all the charges on the basis of one or two representative videos was downright unconstitutional .
" Each of these movies is presumed not to be obscene , " the Cincinnati - based Sirkin said .
" We 're not willing to say if you find two obscene , the other 10 are obscene .
You 're taking away that presumption , and that 's a chilling effect .
If [ the prosecutors ] feel it 's a handicap , they chose their own handicap . "
Robertson eventually decided to throw out the other two videos from the first purchase for now , and instead focus this initial misdemeanor trial on two titles : Sugar Britches and City Girls Extreme Gangbangs .
Addressing reporters afterward , Sirkin said that while he was n't happy with the need for multiple trials , " I hope jurors remember that Virginia was one of the original 13 colonies , and the importance of the American way , and the liberties people came here for in the first place . "
Meanwhile , Robertson said that multiple trials were not only necessary , but more practical .
" My thoughts are that I would be totally disgusted and sickened , and upset with somebody if I were a juror having to watch all this , " he said .
" This way , it 's only four hours , and they 'll definitely get an idea of it . "
Robertson admits he has watched all 24 hours of porn the police purchased , and has not been shy about offering explicit description .
In December he told the Hook , " I 'm going after things like double penetrating women , slamming them in both orifices , multiple strangers ejaculating on the faces of women , " and in January that , " In just about every one of these things , you 'll see one guy inserting his penis into a woman 's vagina , and another guy inserting his penis into her anus , and then that guy puts it in her mouth , again , and again , and again . "
Asked why he speaks of the case in such graphic detail , Robertson said , " Why not ?
You need to know what you 're dealing with .
Nobody 's attempting to gross anybody out .
The jury is going to be required to look at it , and people need to know what this is . "
As for what will happen to the other 18 obscenity counts if Krial and Tinsley are acquitted in the first trial , Robertson said , " I 'm not going to give up after one . "
Robertson is not the only prosecutor trying After Hours .
Matthew Buzzelli is a member of the federal Obscenity Prosecution Task Force whose services are on loan to Robertson from the Justice Department .
While the federal government has no jurisdiction , the Justice Department volunteered Buzzelli , he says , because of Staunton 's relative proximity to Washington .
" If this were in Alaska , I probably would n't be doing this , " says Buzzelli , " but we have the resources in terms of what kinds of briefs to file , arguments , motions , instead of Mr. Robertson having to reinvent the wheel . "
Sirkin said he 's only seen a federal prosecutor involved in a state - level obscenity case " once or twice in my career " and wondered if the DOJ did n't have better things to do .
" I find there are much more important problems , " he said , " like how people from the White House wo n't testify before Congress .
But here they are worried about the sale of videos to consenting adults . "
Buzzelli emphasized that he was not brought in as a ringer to even the playing field against Krial and Embrey 's nationally - renowned counselors .
" Mr. Robertson is a capable lawyer , " he said .
" He 's been prosecuting for over 30 years , he can handle these guys . "
All parties are due back in court on May 27 at 8:30 am for a hearing on additional pre-trial motions .
#
The following fun exercises appeared on p. 134 of Hofstadter 's Metamagical Themas , a collection of his Scientific American articles from the early 1980s ( the title is a play on Martin Gardner 's column , " Mathematical Games " ) .
I have not sought permission to reprint them here , although I doubt he would be upset if more people explored — and became fluent with — really big numbers .
I encourage you to buy the book , which has the same élan vitale that made GEB a classic .
Note :
In case anyone is interested I have posted my " solutions . "
If you do n't care about my thought process , you can grab my results as a list of tuples for easy processing ; it might be interesting to aggregate people 's answers .
Discrimination against overweight people — particularly women — is as common as racial discrimination , according to a study by the Rudd Center for Food Policy & Obesity at Yale University .
“ These results show the need to treat weight discrimination as a legitimate form of prejudice , comparable to other characteristics like race or gender that already receive legal protection , ” said Rebecca Puhl , research scientist and lead author .
The study documented the prevalence of self - reported weight discrimination and compared it to experiences of discrimination based on race and gender among a nationally representative sample of adults aged 25 - to 74 - years - old .
The data was obtained from the National Survey of Midlife Development in the United States .
The study also revealed that women are twice as likely as men to report weight discrimination and that weight discrimination in the workplace and interpersonal mistreatment due to obesity is common .
The researchers found that men are not at serious risk for weight bias until their body mass index ( BMI ) reaches 35 or higher , while women begin experiencing a notable increase in weight discrimination risk at a BMI level of 27 .
BMI is the measure of body fat based on height and weight .
Co-author Tatiana Andreyava of Yale said weight discrimination is more prevalent than discrimination based on sexual orientation , nationality / ethnicity , physical disability , and religious beliefs .
“ However , despite its high prevalence , it continues to remain socially acceptable , ” she said .
Source : Yale University
Enlarge By Brandi Simons for USA TODAY
A worker walks past trees at Greenleaf Nursery Company in Park Hill , Okla .
Nearly 5 % of Oklahoma 's 3.6 million residents are foreign - born , Census figures show .
Enlarge By Brandi Simons for USA TODAY Senior pastor José Alfonso of Tulsa 's Iglesia Piedra Angular ( Cornerstone Hispanic Church ) estimates that 15 % of his congregation has left .
His church was a plaintiff in two lawsuits challenging the law .
Enlarge By Brandi Simons for USA TODAY Randy Davis , president and CEO of Greenleaf Nursery Company , said that many of his employees left shortly before the law took effect .
The Pew Hispanic Center estimated in April 2006 that up to 75,000 foreign - born residents in Oklahoma were illegal immigrants .
PARK HILL , Okla .
 Autumn had arrived in eastern Oklahoma , and workers at the sprawling Greenleaf Nursery were prepping for deadly frosts .
They needed to ship plants , erect greenhouses and bunch trees together to protect them against the cold .
But in late October , about 40 employees disappeared from the 600 - acre nursery about an hour 's drive from Tulsa .
" Some went to Texas , some went to Arkansas , " nursery President Randy Davis says .
" They just left . "
Why did the workers , all immigrants , flee ?
" Those states do n't have 1804 , " Davis says .
In a matter of weeks , " 1804 " has become part of the Sooner State 's lexicon .
It refers to House Bill 1804 , the Oklahoma Taxpayer and Citizen Protection Act of 2007 , arguably the nation 's toughest state law targeting illegal immigrants .
Dozens of state legislatures , citing inaction by Congress , have adopted measures aimed at curbing illegal immigration .
Oklahoma 's new law , which took effect Nov. 1 , is particularly far - reaching and has begun sending ripples through the state 's economy and its immigrant communities .
Besides highlighting the impact of illegal immigration on Oklahoma , the law has made the state a laboratory in the national debate over immigration .
The Oklahoma measure is broader than a controversial Arizona law that suspends or revokes business licenses of employers who knowingly hire illegal immigrants .
Among other things , 1804 makes it a felony to transport or shelter illegal immigrants .
It also denies illegal immigrants driver 's licenses and public benefits such as rental assistance and fuel subsidies .
Many business owners are especially nervous about provisions of 1804 that kick in July 1 , when employers with government contracts must start checking new hires against a federal database to make sure they are legally eligible to work .
If the employers do n't , they wo n't get the contracts .
" I 've already had customers who came in here and told me they 've fired employees because they did n't know if they were here legally , " says Tim Wagner , an owner of Cocina De Mino , a Mexican restaurant in Oklahoma City .
He predicts industries such as agriculture will face worker shortages .
Widespread reports of vanishing employees and schoolchildren suggest thousands of illegal immigrants have left Oklahoma for neighboring states or their native countries .
Cotton gins , hotels and home builders have lost workers .
Restaurant and grocery store owners complain of fewer customers .
Some businesses and lawmakers are warning that the economic effects will hit consumers hard .
Having a smaller pool of workers for certain jobs will cause delays and create competition among employers , leading them to raise wages and prices , Davis and others say .
Republican state Rep. Shane Jett , who opposed 1804 , offers a more dire prediction .
Without changes , the law " will be the single most destructive economic disaster since the Dust Bowl , " he says .
State Rep. Randy Terrill , the Republican author of the law , counters that 1804 will save money because taxpayers wo n't be subsidizing services for illegal immigrants .
" There 's significant evidence that HB 1804 is achieving its intended purpose , which is illegal aliens leaving the state of Oklahoma , " he says .
" HB 1804 is a model not only for Oklahoma , but for other states and the nation as well . "
An exodus from Tulsa Legislatures in 46 states adopted 244 immigration - related measures last year , the National Conference of State Legislatures says .
Before the passage of 1804 , Oklahoma 's immigrant population was growing , fueled by an expanding economy .
Nearly 5 % of Oklahoma 's 3.6 million residents are foreign - born , Census figures show .
The Pew Hispanic Center estimated in April 2006 that up to 75,000 were illegal immigrants .
Texas , which borders Oklahoma and Mexico , has a longer history with immigration issues .
Daniel Kowalski , a Texas immigration lawyer who edits Bender 's Immigration Bulletin , believes a measure such as 1804 could n't win approval in Texas , in part because about 16 % of that state 's 23.5 million residents are foreign - born .
The center estimates that up to 1.6 million of them are illegal immigrants .
Since 1804 was approved in Oklahoma , 15,000 - 25,000 illegal immigrants have left Tulsa County , the Greater Tulsa Hispanic Chamber of Commerce says .
Executive director Francisco Trevi ? o bases the estimate on school enrollment , church attendance and reports from bus companies with service to Mexico .
" People are leaving to Mexico or Canada or other states , " says Jim Garcia , manager of Tulsa 's El Mercadito , a Hispanic grocery .
He says sales have fallen 40 % since Nov. 1 .
" A lot of people are going to Missouri or Arkansas because they think it 's safer . "
Arkansas state Rep. Rick Green , a Republican , says he has heard from a doctor who complained that illegal immigrants from Oklahoma have crossed the state line for medical care .
" With Arkansas being a very poor state economically , the concern is whether we can shoulder these expenses " stemming from any influx of immigrants from Oklahoma , he says .
Supporters of 1804 say the state will benefit from illegal immigrants leaving .
" That 's money in our pocket , " says Carol Helm of Immigration Reform for Oklahoma Now .
Not all of those leaving Oklahoma are in the USA illegally .
" I 've lost two housekeepers out of a staff of 12 , " says Joe Geis , general manager of the Sleep Inn & Suites in Edmond .
" They were here legally , ( but ) they have family " members who were not .
Immigrant activist Blanca
Thames says she has helped more than 1,000 families prepare power - of - attorney papers to protect children in case parents are deported .
Many illegal immigrants have U.S. - born children who are citizens .
Constitutionality challenged At Iglesia Piedra Angular ( Cornerstone Hispanic Church ) in Tulsa , senior pastor José Alfonso estimates that he has lost 15 % of his 425 - member congregation .
His church was a plaintiff in two lawsuits filed by the National Coalition of Latino Clergy and Christian Leaders that challenged the constitutionality of the law .
Both were dismissed , the latest last month when U.S. District Judge James Payne ruled that the plaintiffs , who included illegal immigrants , did n't have standing to sue .
He said they would not have been hurt if they had not violated U.S. law .
The coalition says it will appeal .
Several national and statewide business groups say they are considering their own lawsuit to challenge the law .
" You 're basically putting employers in the middle of this fight , " says Jenna Hamilton of the National Association of Home Builders , one of the groups .
Lawmaker Terrill says he has little sympathy for businesses that hire illegal workers .
He believes 1804 will create jobs for U.S. citizens .
" There is no job that an American citizen is unwilling to do , " he says .
" They 're just not willing to do it at the wage rates that are being paid to illegal aliens . "
But some employers say it's hard to hire citizens in their industries .
" We have extremely low unemployment . …
The people in southwest Oklahoma who want to work are working , " says Tom Buchanan , a cotton , cattle and wheat farmer in Jackson County .
Chris Ellison , manager of the Motley Gin cotton gin in Hollis , lost eight of 16 workers since Nov. 1 .
He says the loss sent his overtime costs soaring .
" I would love to hire 20 U.S. citizens here , " Ellison says , but " local people are not going to quit a job to work three weeks during the year . "
Both men say they obey U.S. laws and check workers ' identity documents , but they acknowledge that some may have fake papers .
" We are not documents experts , " Buchanan says .
Like farmers and landscapers , builders say they 're struggling .
Earlier in 2007 , Portillo Construction , which specializes in masonry and stone work in the Tulsa area , employed about 15 people , co-owner Natanael Portillo says .
All were immigrants .
" On Nov. 1 , not one employee showed up for work , " he says .
He has since hired several laborers but lost a contract on a house , he says .
" We 're looking at between a $ 15,000 to $ 20,000 loss " for 2007 , Portillo says .
Home builder Caleb McCaleb , who works in Oklahoma City and Edmond , says his framer lost 30 of his 80 workers , his painter lost 10 of 35 and his landscaper lost 15 of 40 .
That has put homes three or four weeks behind schedule .
" If we continue to lose workers , we are going to have to raise prices , " he says .
Cocina De Mino has seen its Hispanic clientele decline , especially on Sundays , Wagner says .
" After church , usually at 2 or 3 in the afternoon , they ( would ) bring their family .
It 's usually groups of eight , 10 and 12 , " he says .
" Those groups are not coming in . "
At Plaza Santa Cecilia , a mall filled with Hispanic shops in Tulsa , Simon Navarro 's customer base has evaporated .
Navarro , owner of a money - wiring service , says 500 people would come in every day to send money to relatives in Mexico and Central America .
" Now , " he says , " I have 100 . " ' Son of 1804 ' on horizon Terrill plans to introduce a follow - up bill this year that he calls " Son of 1804 . "
" HB 1804 does not represent everything that can or should be done in this area , " he says .
Among other things , he says , the new measure would make English the state 's official language and allow police to seize property of those who violate 1804 , including landlords .
Terrill says he has been contacted by legislators in at least a dozen states who have introduced or are drafting legislation similar to 1804 .
Arkansas legislators may introduce bills when they next meet in January 2009 , Green says .
Some Arkansans who do n't want to wait will try to get a measure on the ballot this year .
" We 're getting a lot of pressure at home because they see what Oklahoma 's done , " Green says .
In Oklahoma , some of Terrill 's colleagues say 1804 needs fixing .
State Rep. Kris Steele , a Republican who voted for the bill , has received calls from non-immigrants complaining that they had to produce a document such as an original birth certificate or certified copy to renew an expired driver 's license .
" I want to make sure we 're not necessarily putting the general public in a quandary , " he says .
Jett would like to create a state - run program that would allow illegal immigrants to pay a fine , then work and pay taxes .
Those people , he says , would be exempt from 1804 at the state level but not from federal immigration law .
Jose and Esperanza Becerra , both 38 , hope he succeeds .
The Tulsa couple came to Oklahoma from Mexico illegally , Jose 10 years ago and his wife five years ago .
They were drawn here " because it was a pretty state and there was work , " Jose says .
Since 1804 passed , the Becerras have closed their bank account and put their home on the market , just in case they are forced to leave quickly or against their will .
" Since the law went into effect , " Esperanza says , " we are in fear every day . "
Enlarge By Brandi Simons for USA TODAY
Workers tag plants last month at Greenleaf Nursery in Park Hill , Okla .
Dozens of employees disappeared from the nursery days before the law took effect Nov. 1 .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
( CNN ) -- A 4.5 - magnitude earthquake shook southern Illinois early Monday , the latest in a string of quakes that have rattled the region since last week , according to the U.S. Geological Survey .
The quake -- the 18th since a magnitude 5.2 hit the area Friday morning -- was centered about six miles below ground and about 37 miles ( 60 km ) north - northwest of Evansville , Indiana , or about 131 miles ( 211 km ) east of St. Louis .
It struck at 12:38 a.m. local time ( 1:38 a.m. ET ) .
There were no immediate reports of damage .
" Everything just started rumbling and things at my house started shaking , " said Keith Potter of Santa Claus , Indiana , about 55 miles southeast of the quake 's epicenter .
" The computer was shaking on top of my desk . "
" I thought , ' Here we go again , ' " said Potter , who also felt Friday 's initial earthquake and many of those that have followed .
" The big concern is ... is this just the beginning of the ' big one ? ' "
The 18 quakes that followed Friday 's moderate temblor have predominantly been minor earthquakes -- magnitude 3.9 and below .
Friday 's quake was the strongest to hit in the region in 40 years .
There were reports of minor damage in the region .
Video from Louisville , Kentucky showed debris from the ornamental facade of a building 's roofline that fell onto a sidewalk and shattered .
People as far north as Chicago and as far west as St. Louis reported feeling the initial quake , the USGS reported .
" The largest historical earthquake in the region -- magnitude 5.4 -- damaged southern Illinois in 1968 , " the USGS said .
E-mail to a friend
All About Earthquakes • Illinois
WHEN office workers decided on an early morning feast for a colleague 's birthday they looked forward to receiving a tasty treat .
They went to the nearest Subway store and hungry staff eagerly placed their orders .
But those who asked for bacon rolls were left with a bitter taste in their mouths when the delivery arrived .
Their £ 1.29 sandwiches each contained two tiny rashers of ` American style ' streaky bacon .
" I could n't believe it , " said Stephen Moreton , who works at PayPartners in Stretford .
" It was more substandard than Subway .
" When it 's someone 's birthday here they usually bring in cream cakes .
" But this time we decided to send out for butties instead .
When they arrived we were stunned .
" We pulled back the bread and there were two tiny bits of bacon on them - I thought `are they having a laugh ? '
Pathetic
Two of us had brown sauce on them and there was more sauce on the bread than bacon .
" I decided to take a picture because it was so pathetic . "
Payroll manager Stephen 42 , then called the Subway shop in the Stretford Arndale centre who supplied their food .
Stephen said : " I spoke to the manager there and he said they had done nothing wrong .
" He told me that two rashers is the company standard and that they use streaky bacon because Subway is an American firm .
He added that if I had sausage and egg on it , it would n't look that bad but that 's not good enough and I told him .
" He admitted it did n't look particularly brilliant but said again it was the company standard and they had done nothing wrong .
" I have since been offered a refund but that 's not the point .
I think they should change their company standard ! "
When the Manchester Evening News contacted Subway they said the two - rasher rule was not company policy .
" A member of staff has of course made a mistake , " a spokesman said .
" We have apologised about this matter and offered the customer a complete refund for his bacon breakfast . "
Where do you recommend for the best bacon butty ?
1 . This is Floyd Marinescu at the JAOO conference with Attila Szegedi , the lead of the Rhino project .
Attila , can you tell us a bit about yourself and a little bit about Rhino ?
Well , I will probably be more focused on telling about Rhino , as I myself am probably not that much interesting topic in itself .
I am an independent IT consultant basically , and I do get involved into open source projects , mostly by means of having a scratch to itch in them .
So , typically whenever I have problem to solve I look around for an open source solution for it , and usually I find something and usually that something needs improvements in order to be usable the way I want to use it , so I typically end up being involved in that project .
This is basically how I got involved with Rhino as well .
And Rhino is a JavaScript runtime engine that runs on top of the JVM .
And it is maintained by the Mozilla foundation .
It actually does n't really have anything in common with the other engine , which is SpiderMonkey , that is being built into Mozilla 's browsers .
Rhino is a completely independent implementation , which is mostly used integrated into Java - based software .
2 . Tell us more about Rhino , as I understand it is implemented in Java .
Ok , yes , it is implemented in Java , and what it does in most basic case is it takes the JavaScript programs , written in JavaScript obviously , and it can either interpret them or it can compile them to Java bytecode so they become just ordinary Java classes , basically first class citizens within JVM .
And it also supports an offline compilation model where you can just pre-compile all of your JavaScript down to Java classes and just deploy them in a JAR file just like any other .
At least in this regard it can be deployed as a quite optimal solution .
Rhino is a library , so it does ship with an interactive shell but that 's not how you will typically use it .
It is a library , so you typically take it and you integrate it into your programs , in places where you would think it makes sense to add scripting capabilities to your program .
You can basically just invoke the Rhino execution APIs at that point to have scripts executed .
3 . You started mentioning about using JavaScript in your application and you said also before that you working on projects and you wanted to use JavaScript .
Can you tell us a bit about what your need was and how you solved it with JavaScript in Rhino ?
Ok , my use case was something a little bit maybe exotic .
I really needed to have a system that is able to run an absurd amount of concurrent processes , I think in tens of thousands at once .
And you obviously can't do that with Java threads because they do n't scale to ten thousand threads at any one time .
But what you can do here , you can use continuations .
Continuations are something that is a really nice concept but it's not really as widely used in the industry as I would like it to be widely used , and at that time there was a version of Rhino that actually had continuations , which was the Apache Cocoon , which is a private fork of Rhino .
And I actually started working with then - current developers of Rhino to add this continuation support in the mainline Rhino .
Basically continuations are the objects that represent your stack trace , so you can just capture a snapshot of your stack trace , save it away and then restore it and run it later , and you do n't have to keep a physical thread running for that particular stack trace at all times , you can just freeze it into a database and restore it afterwards and that really allows you to scale to really any number of concurrent so to say virtual threads running at any one time .
4 . Why did n't you choose it in Java ?
Why continuations also when you could have passivation of your HTTP sessions ?
Well first of all these were not HTTP sessions , and second is that at the time there was no solution for having continuations in Java code proper .
Today there is such a solution , it is an open source solution , the RIFE framework .
But back then in 2003 actually it was not a viable solution .
We had to look into solutions that are not using the Java stack but they can maintain their own stack so it 's representable as objects and you can freeze it and Rhino turned out to be the best candidate on the JVM for that .
So this is why we chose Rhino for our use case .
And it also turned out to have other unexpected benefits .
First of all is that what we developed was basically a platform on which further applications could be developed .
And it turns out that it 's quite easy to find programmers that know JavaScript .
It 's easier to find programmers who can write this in JavaScript than programmers who can write this in Java .
There are less pitfalls , so to say , and also the other thing is that Rhino has its own security control architecture and otherwise you can control what objects to expose to them , so basically we could sort of sandbox those components that were implemented in script .
So those people that had to work on those components basically were working in an environment that is less complex , and at the same time we could also more easily isolate the rest of the system .
5 . If you were faced with the same choice today , would you still have chosen Rhino ?
I am not sure , I might choose it for exactly because of these other benefits that I just told you about , which are sandboxing and exposing an easier programming language to people to work with .
Solely because of the continuation support I actually might turn to RIFE , but these other benefits are quite significant , so it would still have to be weighted pro and contra .
6 . Ok , so in your opinion what are some of the best usage patterns for embedding JavaScript within Java applications ?
Well you can embed it at really many levels .
There are quite a lot of projects out there that are already using JavaScript .
And they are mostly server - side JavaScript embeddings , where in web application frameworks that use Rhino they typically use it as a language to implement the action parts of the controller in a model view controller framework .
There is a quite renowned application framework that is named Helma , it 's developed in Austria , and the Austrian national broadcasting company uses it for its websites and several other mostly Austrian and German websites are also using it for that .
You can use it for testing because it is really easy to actually create mock objects .
At least with Rhino you can implement Java interfaces in JavaScript , so you can really easily and quickly create mock objects for your tests and it is actually quite easy to write a little adapter that will convert your scripts into instances of JUnit test classes , so that you can run them within JUnit as just any other test .
And also there are other testing frameworks out there like HTTPUnit , which is used as the test driver for web applications and it needs to simulate the full browser environment complete with JavaScript .
HTTPUnit also happens to choose Rhino as its technology for implementing the JavaScript in the emulated browser basically .
7 . So if I 'm not developing frameworks but just developing normal , typical applications , as a developer , where would I want to use JavaScript instead of Java or other languages ?
Right .
Well , typical integration points tend to be everything that is not strictly performance - oriented , and on the other hand , you want to benefit from certain side effects .
Such side effects would include quite easy code reloadability , because at least with JavaScript it is really easy to just reload the script file on the fly whenever it changes and delegate execution to it basically which , mind you , this is something that you can do with Java code as well , because I mean you can just use a custom classloader that you throw away after you have loaded Java class , and you can invoke the Java compiler dynamically or do bytecode generation , if that 's your thing .
In practice it 's typically easier to do the same thing with the scripting API interfaces .
And especially since Rhino actually does ship with JDK6 , and JDK6 has a Sun- sanctioned API for generic scripting , you can just rely on those APIs to actually not only integrate Rhino in your program but actually to allow any scripting language runtime that is found in the classpath to be used interchangeably .
8 . What sort of scripting of Java can you do with JavaScript and using Rhino ?
A typical thing that you might want to script is UI , because you can just assign actions to your buttons or whatever change events , and you can have the interfaces for those ActionListeners , actually be implemented in script and you can have the behavior changing without actually restarting the program .
Or the other possibility is , really a similar example , if you are writing a web application and you are using a web application container , you can also script your actions and those actions will then , again you gain the benefit of being able to just modify the script file and have the action be modified at runtime without the need to restart the servlet container .
But you can just as well choose to push parts of the business logic into a script especially if it's a sort of a policy that changes fairly often , which can happen with business rules , because there might be promotions or whatever else that the business is doing , so it has to be able to quickly change the mode of operation .
Also what you can do is dynamic languages typically lend themselves quite natively to building internal domain - specific languages , and again if you basically have a library of functions that implement a nice domain - specific language , then you might end up actually being able to express your business logic quite concisely using a script .
Again this is not really Rhino specific ; you can gain the same benefits by using either Ruby or the Python 's Java binding , Jython .
But this holds generally for scripting languages basically .
9 . Ok , so let 's go into some interesting comparisons .
I have heard the claim that JavaScript is the language of the web and that it would be so cool to use one language on the client and on the server .
What do you think of that vision , is there any chance of being ?
Yes , that 's quite easily achievable even today , JavaScript is definitely the de facto language of the web because a runtime for JavaScript is universally available in every browser worth its salt today .
It really boils down to " how easy you can make the communication between the client and the server " and at least with JavaScript we are lucky , because we have JSON , which is the JavaScript Object Notation .
JavaScript has a very nice syntax for object literals and you can encode any object graph into a string that basically represents object literals , send it over the wire , and there are libraries for very safe unserializing of those ; but if you do n't have such a library , you can just evaluate that string at runtime and it would basically restore your object graph .
So JSON is quickly superceding XML in browser to back - end communication , it 's quite widely used with AJAX as well , so yes it 's quite easy today to actually have JavaScript on the client and to have the JavaScript in the back - end using any web application server that can be scripted .
10 .
So what about JavaScript versus Ruby ?
Well , I will have to admit my relative ignorance of Ruby .
I do n't know Ruby well enough to say too much about it , and I know that there are notable differences .
Ruby actually has a concept of classes , so objects do belong to classes .
JavaScript on the other hand does away completely with the concept of classes , and every object is just an object , is basically a bag of properties , which properties are either named by strings or named by numeric indexes and then you have an array basically .
They say that JavaScript has a prototype - based inheritance , because every object can name another object as its prototype and then when a property , which can be a method as well , is not found on an object , then it is looked up in its prototype , and then in its prototype 's prototype and up the chain .
So these are the most notable differences deeply on the language level between JavaScript and Ruby , I think .
There might as well be others , but I really am a bit ignorant about Ruby at the moment .
11 . And what is your take on Steve Yegge porting Ruby on Rails to JavaScript on Rails ?
Or Rhino on Rails ?
I heard about it .
Well it is an amusing thing ; it 's always really nice to hear that people are using the Rhino runtime in rather unexpected ways .
Steve actually did contact me some time last year , myself and others who are working on Rhino and it turns out that Google actually has a quite strong interest internally in Rhino , they are using it in several subprojects , either as a runtime or they are also building some tools for analyzing JavaScript that are using the Rhino 's parser only .
And it is really great that right now the biggest development force that we have on Rhino actually consists of Google employees .
And they succeeded in bringing up Rhino to the JavaScript 1.5 compatibility level , so all JavaScript 1.5 features are now finally available in Rhino , and they are now working toward JavaScript 1.7 , which has nice things like generators , deconstructing assignments and other maybe a little bit exotic features that really can save your day when you are coding and you are faced with a need to elegantly express a little bit more complex problem .
So Rhino right now has quite a healthy and active development group and incidentally most of it is right now located within Google .
How to use the 192.com Places Search
To find out more about an area , type in a location - street and town , postcode , part postcode , village - and we 'll return all matching postcodes .
Then click on a postcode for more information !
HONG KONG --
A growing movement to protest CNN 's coverage of China has in recent weeks generated its own Web site , theme song , and now , it seems , army of hackers .
Friday , the Time Warner Inc. - owned Cable News Network
Web site experienced problems that prevented users from accessing the site -- what appeared to be a " denial of service " attack instigated by hackers .
Users trying to access CNN.com were unable to do so at least temporarily in certain Asian markets , including Japan , South Korea , Hong Kong and mainland China .
CNN said in a statement that it " took preventative measures to filter traffic in response to attempts to disrupt our Web site . "
It added that a small number of users in Asia were affected , and it was working to restore access quickly .
No one has taken credit for Friday 's outage , but Chinese hackers on Internet bulletin boards have called for attacks on the site in recent days .
Over the past month , the channel has become the target of scorn and anger from many Chinese viewers -- most recently , over comments made by its on - air commentator Jack Cafferty .
While talking about China on an April 9 broadcast , Mr. Cafferty said , " I think they 're basically the same bunch of goons and thugs they 've been for the last 50 years . "
Adobe has announced today the public availability of an Adobe AIR alpha release for Linux .
Although the alpha is not feature - complete , it is already capable of running some mainstream AIR applications and is robust enough to facilitate AIR development on the Linux platform .
Adobe has also officially joined the Linux Foundation and plans to collaborate with the group in an effort to bring rich Internet application and Web 2.0 technologies to the open - source operating system .
" Adobe 's decision to join the LF is a natural extension of its commitment to open standards and open source , which demonstrates its leadership and foresight in the software industry , " said Jim Zemlin , executive director at The Linux Foundation in a statement .
" Adobe 's membership will contribute to our goal of increasing even more application development on Linux with a specific emphasis on Web 2.0 applications . "
I 've been in Adobe 's closed test group for AIR on Linux since the beginning of March and have already conducted extensive testing with the AIR runtime for Linux .
The Linux implementation is very good and is clearly designed for effective platform integration .
One particularly impressive platform - specific feature is integration between the AIR installer and the system 's native package manager .
On Ubuntu , where I performed most of my tests , I was able to uninstall AIR applications with Synaptic as if they were standard Linux packages .
Package manager integration is significant because it could potentially be used in the future to ensure that AIR applications are consistently updated through the same mechanisms as the rest of the software on the system .
Although I have n't tested this feature on other distributions , I 'm told by other users that it works seamlessly .
The AIR Linux alpha supports some of the runtime 's most sophisticated graphical features like shaped windows and transparency .
It also supports most of the desktop integration features like drag - and - drop and clipboard support .
A strong foundation is in place , but there are still a lot of important features missing like support for badged installation , system tray icons , hardware acceleration , SWF rendering in HTML , and DRM support .
Despite the missing pieces , the Linux alpha version of the runtime actually does better than the Mac OS X version in some cases .
For instance , the PenguinSteve demo we made for our first look at AIR earlier this month worked fine on Linux after a minor tweak , but does n't render properly on Mac OS X Leopard .
Users who want to try Adobe AIR on Linux for themselves can grab the alpha build from Adobe 's web site .
An alpha version of the SDK is also available for developers who want to build and test new AIR applications .
We tested several popular applications , including the Spaz Twitter client , and found that they performed relatively well .
Adobe 's commitment to bringing the AIR runtime to Linux could be extremely beneficial for the open - source operating system , especially if Adobe eventually uses AIR to make its own professional graphic editing tools — like Photoshop — fully cross-platform compatible .
Native cross-platform runtimes like AIR are part of an increasing trend to tie applications to standards - based web technologies rather than platform - specific proprietary technologies .
As this trend becomes more pervasive , it could ease the transition from Windows to Linux for many users .
Adobe 's willingness to work closely with the Linux Foundation to advance rich Internet application support on Linux is a very promising sign of Adobe 's interest in building standards - based technologies , but the proprietary nature of the runtime itself and the Flash player technology it contains will likely deter adoption by Linux developers , who will likely prefer open source alternatives like Mozilla 's XULRunner runtime .
Further reading
Ignoring calls from the United States and other consuming countries to pump more oil into the global economy , the OPEC oil cartel is expected to keep its output unchanged when the group ’s ministers meet in Vienna on Friday .
With the United States seemingly heading toward a recession and global stock markets gyrating , OPEC is not contemplating an increase in oil production .
In fact , it thinks it might soon have to cut its output to offset a seasonal demand slowdown in the spring .
As an indication of just how difficult their position is , representatives from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries met two months ago in Abu Dhabi and could not resolve a debate over whether to add more oil to the market .
The group is scheduled to meet again next month at its secretariat in Vienna .
At that point , energy analysts say the cartel is likely to cut output .
Friday ’s meeting comes as economic troubles worsen in the United States .
A decision not to raise output would most likely be seen as a rebuke to President Bush , who pleaded with King Abdullah , the Saudi monarch , last month to take action to help ease the effects of high oil prices on American consumers .
Steve Ballmer still wants to swallow Jerry Yang 's company .
Just a few hours after Yahoo !
rejected Microsoft's $ 44.6 bn purchase offer , the Redmond - based software giant has responded , reiterating that it " reserves the right to pursue all necessary steps to ensure that Yahoo !'s shareholders are provided with the opportunity to realize the value inherent in our proposal . "
In a statement released this afternoon , Microsoft calls Yahoo !'s rejection " unfortunate " .
" It is unfortunate that Yahoo ! has not embraced our full and fair proposal to combine our companies , " the statement begins .
" Based on conversations with stakeholders of both companies , we are confident that moving forward promptly to consummate a transaction is in the best interests of all parties . "
In other words , Ballmer and company will continue its talks with the Yahooligans and will likely increase - or hell maybe even decrease to teach Yahoo !
a lesson - its bid .
Chances are , Yahoo !
rejected the initial offer in a shameless effort to push the price tag higher .
In any event , Microsoft still believes that this acquisition is one great idea .
" We are offering shareholders superior value and the opportunity to participate in the upside of the combined company .
The combination also offers an increasingly exciting set of solutions for consumers , publishers and advertisers while becoming better positioned to compete in the online services market .
" A Microsoft - Yahoo !
combination will create a more effective company that would provide greater value and service to our customers .
Furthermore , the combination will create a more competitive marketplace by establishing a compelling number two competitor for Internet search and online advertising . "
With Google as the number one competitor , we question how compelling this number two will really be .
Google controls about 60 per cent of the worldwide search market .
Microhoo ! would control about half that .
But one thing 's just about certain .
Microhoo will happen .
One way or another . ®
GOP strategist : Condi Rice ' actively campaigning ' to be VP David Edwards and Chris Tackett
Published : Sunday April 6 , 2008
|
Print This Email This On ABC's This Week , Republican strategist Dan Senor said that Condoleezza Rice has been actively campaigning to be John McCain 's pick for Vice President .
Speaking of possible Vice President options for McCain , Senor said , " Condi Rice is an option .
Tom Ridge is an option .
Although , I think he'd have problems at the convention .
Mitt Romney is an option .
Condoleezza Rice has been actively campaigning for this .
There 's this ritual in Washington , The Americans for Tax Reform which is headed by Grover Norquist , holds a weekly meeting of conservative leaders , about 100 or 150 people .
Sort of inside chattering class types and they all typically get briefings from political conservative leaders .
Ten days ago , they had an interesting visit from Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice . "
Senor , whose most notable experience was as spokesman for the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq , later added , it was " the first time a Secretary of State has visited the Wednesday meeting .
and she was n't there to talk about the NATO meeting in Bucharest . "
George Will , who was also on the panel discussion , said he too thought Rice could be a possible choice .
" It is possible , " said Will .
" In fact , I guess I 'm not talking out of school when I say in our green room last week when Senator Lieberman was on he said , well , perhaps Condi and of course Lieberman is very close . "
by
When a man kisses you anywhere for the first time it can be truly exhilarating .
You may find yourself excited and curious as to why ...
Radiohead's " Nude " made the Billboard Hot 100 this week at no .
37 – their first appearance on the chart since " High & Dry " in 1996 .
I had been wondering why Radiohead picked iTunes to release the remix stems , rather than using their own website as they had with other aspects of In Rainbows ' digital release .
Richard Bradley thinks he knows the answer .
" In a nutshell , [ Radiohead ] kind of scammed people into buying the single five times over . "
His theory is that iTunes ' sales numbers for " Nude " were misleading because Apple included sales of the song as well as the individual stems for guitar , drums , bass , voice and strings / effects in the same sales figure .
Update : Bradley 's theory has been confirmed .
Bradley attributes the song 's appearance on the Billboard chart to how well it had been selling in iTunes ( the biggest music retailer in the country ) , claiming Radiohead did all of this on purpose .
However , " Nude " did not chart in iTunes , as we originally understood him to have claimed .
" Under ' [ Radiohead's ] Top Songs , ' " he wrote , " iTunes shows the five most popular [ Radiohead ] downloads , and asyou might have guessed it looks like a goddamn nudist colony . "
Bradley 's theory that Radiohead 's " Nude " was helped up the charts bysales of its individual components could hold water , but I disagreethat the band intentionallyreleased the stems through iTunes in order to scam people andartificially inflate sales numbers .
Besides , who 's to say that sales ofthe individual elements of a track should n't count towards sales of themixed - together track ?
I 've contacted Apple to try to find out whether the iTunes store hadbeen counting sales of the " Nude " stems towards its sales figures for " Nude . "
Knowing the answer would go a long way towardsclearing this up .
–
( As an aside , my admittedly dodgy theory about Radiohead 's use of the iTunes storefor the " Nude " stems was that the band was scrambling to deploy a morepermissive remix policy due to a little Smackdown
we put together , and that it was easier to release them through iTunesthan setting up the commerce on their own website .
The remixing sectionin that poll had the mostlopsided results of any of the rounds – currently 7561 votes for TrentReznor , 695 votes for Radiohead . )
See Also :
The marchers say they will continue with their protest
Enlarge Image
The marchers , protesting against China hosting the Olympics , were detained near Dharamsala town , headquarters of the Tibetan government - in - exile .
The walk began on Monday as part of a global pro-independence protest .
It coincided with the 49th anniversary of the Dalai Lama 's escape from Tibet after a failed uprising against China .
India has in the past been sympathetic to the Tibetan cause but in recent years Delhi 's relations with Beijing have improved and India has not allowed large - scale public protests for fear of embarrassing Beijing .
The marchers were arrested on Thursday at Dehra Bridge , 31 miles ( 50 km ) from Dharamsala , from where the Dalai Lama heads the Tibetan government in exile .
A New York - based human rights group has called upon China , India and Nepal to release Tibetan protestors detained over the last few days .
Human Rights
Watch also said they should be allowed to demonstrate peacefully .
Condemnation
The protestors detained in India on Thursday were produced before a magistrate after their arrest .
They had spent the night in a government - run guest house near Dharamsala because the local jail cannot accommodate them all .
Dharamsala is home to many Tibetans , including the Dalai Lama
" They refused to sign a bond saying that they will not participate in any further protest activities for the next six months , " said a press release by Tibetan activists .
" We condemn this decision by the Indian authorities to treat these peaceful Tibetan marchers as criminals , " said a leader of Tibetan activists , Chime Youngdrung .
The Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader , has called for greater pressure on China over its human rights record .
An official at the Dalai Lama 's headquarters said the leader was monitoring the situation very closely .
" The demonstrations have been totally non-violent , so we are concerned , " Tenzing Takhla told the BBC .
Meanwhile , Human Rights Watch has urged India , China and Nepal to release the detained Tibetan protestors .
" Instead of arresting peaceful protestors , why do n't these governments meet with them and attempt to address their grievances ? "
Sophie Richardson , Asia advocacy director at Human Rights Watch , said in a press release .
" Peaceful demonstrations are protected under international and domestic laws and they should be permitted , not violently dispersed . "
' Biggest display '
Chinese officials have meanwhile acknowledged that Buddhist monks took part in protests in the Tibetan city of Lhasa earlier this week .
Foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said the authorities had " stabilised " the situation .
Unconfirmed reports earlier this week said as many as 600 monks had taken part in rallies , and that police used tear gas to disperse them .
Rights groups said the demonstrations were the biggest display of opposition to Chinese rule in Tibet since 1989 .
The marchers say that their aim is to expose what they say are serious human rights violations in Tibet .
They say Tibetan refugees have the " right to return to Tibet " .
As the Olympics draw closer , Tibetans have begun a global campaign to protest against Chinese rule in Tibet .
On Monday , some 1,000 Tibetan exiles clashed with police in the Nepalese capital , Kathmandu , while trying to march to the Chinese embassy .
Different ways to style visited links
There ’ve been interesting parallel interview about : visited pseudo - class at CollyLogic which made me redo visited links at my blog and portfolio .
Here ’s explanation of some techniques , and since IE is the matter of past , some of these are not supported in it .
Some basic CSS knowledge is required to successfuly follow this article .
Before you proceed , please make links visited and then press F5 ( or Refresh ) to trigger : visited pseudo class .
Line - Through
Really simple implementation , as the only effort you have to make is one line in your CSS file :
a :visited { text - decoration : line - through ; }
It does something like this : visited link .
Very simple to apply , but quite understanding for visitors .
Background - image
This one is also supported by most common browsers ( including IE 5.5 / Win and IE 6.0 / Win ) .
Some designers like to put it before actual text , but in this example we ’ll position it after link text .
For that to achieve , we need some image , preferably .gif and we should make space after link text and before next word in sentence .
Make a 10 px × 10 px .gif in your image editor of choice .
The space after link text should be a bit wider than background image , so we ’ll set , approx .
12 px :
a :visited { padding - right : 12 px ; }
Let ’s add background - image and adjust its ’ position :
a:visited { padding - right : 12 px ; background : url( visitedLink.gif ) no-repeat 100 % 50 % ; }
Again we should come up with something like this : visited link .
Now that you have such neat effect i guess you ’d like to add some extra magic to it .
If we define :
a:visited : hover { background - image : url( visitedHoverLink.gif ) ; }
we ’re on good way to impress our audience – mouse over me !.
By going a step further :
a:visited { padding - right : 12 px ; background : url( visitedLink.gif ) no-repeat 100 % 50 % ; color : #aaa ; text - decoration : none ; } a:visited : hover { background - image : url( visitedHoverLink.gif ) ; color : # f00 ; }
we make it even more sexy ( try mouseover effect ) .
: before and : after pseudo elements
Now that you have more clue about possibilities , meet the ’ advanced ’ pseudo elements .
Why advanced ?
From the position of IE they ’re advanced , because at the time of this writing , that browser does n’t support them .
Pseudo elements allow us more options to style visited links .
a :visited : after { content : " ( you ’ve visited this link before ) " ; }
will add the ( you ’ve visited this link before ) right after main text – test link .
Of course we might do something like :
a :visited : before { content : " ( you ’ve visited this link already ) " ; }
and it would appear like this : test link .
Obviously , text from this example is not very practical , but you got the point .
On the other hand , shorter text or notes should work fine , so let see some possibilities of styling :
a :visited : after { content : " ( ok ) " ; font - size : 70 % ; }
smaller text after
a :visited : after { content : " ( ok ) " ; font - size : 60 % ; text - transform : uppercase ; }
smaller uppercase text after
a :visited : after { content : " ( ok ) " ; font - size : 60 % ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # 777 ; }
smaller uppercase text after
a :visited : after { content : " ( ok ) " ; font - size : 60 % ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # 777 ; } a: visited : hover : after { content : " ( hey ! you ’ve already been there ! ) " ; font - size : 80 % ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # f00 ; }
smaller uppercase text after ← mouse over , please ( for some unknown reason this does n’t work in Safari and Omniweb ) .
Conclusion
CSS offers various possibilities to make links more usable and preserve text readability at the same time .
We need to differentiate visited and unvisited links , but we must keep text scannable and readable .
Do n’t forget to keep it moderate .
Please , do n’t misuse or overuse these techniques .
More on the subject , resources and examples
Designed and developed by Creative Nights © 2004 — 2020 .
404 : Page on Holiday ...
There are only 2 possible explanations on why you 're here :
Egyptian troops sealed the breached border with the Gaza Strip on Sunday morning , ending 11 days of free movement for Palestinians living in the blockaded territory .
Gazans remaining in Egypt and Egyptians visiting Gaza were allowed across the border , now reinforced with steel beams and newly poured concrete , but security officials prevented any new cross - border movement , according to witnesses .
A Palestinian armed member of the Hamas forces arrests a Palestinian man who tried to cross the now - sealed breached part of the border wall between Egypt and Gaza , in Rafah , southern Gaza Strip on Sunday .
( ( Adel Hana / Associated Press ) )
For the last week and a half , hundreds of thousands of Gazans have been stocking up on supplies in the neighbouring country .
Militants from Hamas blew up sections of the dividing wall on Jan. 23 in response to an Israeli - imposed blockade , which began after the extremist movement gained control of Gaza last June .
Senior Hamas leader Mahmoud Zahar said after meeting with Egyptian officials on Saturday that the closure would be temporary while the Egyptians search for a way to reopen the border .
There has been no comment from the Egyptian government on future control of the border .
At least 17 Palestinians have been arrested in recent days carrying weapons and explosives near the border and other remote parts of the Sinai desert .
There is no fence along the desert border between Israel and Egypt , and Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak said on Sunday a barrier should be constructed .
" Building a fence on the Israel - Egypt border is a pressing need , " Barak told an Israeli cabinet meeting , saying the move would protect Israel from militant infiltrations and cross - border smuggling .
Advertisements
This evening the Hillary Clinton campaign put out a brief statement about the departure of Mark Penn as chief strategist for her campaign .
Clinton campaign spokesperson Maggie Williams said , “ After the events of the last few days , Mark Penn has asked to give up his role as Chief Strategist of the Clinton Campaign ; Mark , and Penn , Schoen and Berland Associates , Inc. will continue to provide polling and advice to the campaign .
Geoff Garin and Howard Wolfson will coordinate the campaign ’s strategic message team going forward . ”
Penn ’s departure was hastened by revelations last week that he had met with the Columbian Ambassador to the U.S. to help shape the strategy to move the Columbia Free Trade agreement through Congress .
Besides being Clinton ’s chief strategist , Penn also is an executive for the public relations firm that was hired by the Columbian government to get the free trade deal through .
Clinton has been on record as opposing the free trade deal , and Penn ’s meeting has caused the campaign a weekend of trouble .
Notice though , that Penn is n’t actually gone .
He was only removed from his role , but will still stay around to do polling .
Mark Penn is a terrible campaign strategist .
Barrack Obama should thank him for handing him the identity as the candidate for change .
It was Penn ’s idea that Clinton run on her mythical experience , as the incumbent in the race .
It was Penn ’s idea to run an issue based campaign during a year when voters in the Democratic Party are screaming for change .
Penn totally got it wrong , and he should have been fired as soon as the campaign realized this .
Unfortunately , the Clinton campaign did n’t realize this until it was much too late .
When they finally acted it was to label Clinton as a change agent , whatever that is .
Advertisements
The Clinton campaign wants to avoid the impression that they are a campaign that is either going down the tubes or in turmoil , so they made this announcement quietly on a Sunday night .
The reality is that the campaign has been in turmoil since she started losing primaries .
When voters rejected her identity of experienced incumbent , she had no identity left .
Penn and Clinton never seemed to realize that Democratic voters might want more from a candidate than a nostalgia tour .
Mark
Penn thought that he could play the same old political game , but this is a bad year to be a pro-establishment .
Clinton Statement :
http://www.hillaryclinton.com/news/release/view/?id=6949
For more political talk , check out my podcast under the name Jason Easley :
https://www.politicususa.com/?q=node/4
Getting involved in an accident is the worst nightmare anyone would have .
When a person gets involved in an accident , they are both physically and mentally traumatized .
If you have got into an accident due to the negligence and mistake of another person , you have full rights to claim damage from the culprit .
It sounds so wonderful that you would get compensation from the culprit if you have been involved in an accident .
However , it is more of a dream and less of a reality in most cases .
As a culprit , no person wants to pay any money for their mistake .
Even if they agree to pay , they would want to pay as less as possible so that it does not go heavy in their pocket .
If you want to receive the compensation amount that you deserve , you should hire RiderzLaw Motorcycle Lawyers .
When you are looking for an accident lawyer , you would find several options to choose from .
If you find out some lawyers in the local search engine , you would see an unending list of lawyers .
You would feel it to be a daunting task to decide which one to hire .
If you would like to make your work easier , you should follow the tips mentioned below .
First of all , you should find out a lawyer that specializes in motorcycle accident cases .
It is necessary to hire a specialist lawyer as they have more knowledge of the laws pertaining to motorcycle accidents as compared to general lawyers .
When you hire a random lawyer , they might have to go through the relevant laws to refresh their knowledge .
Secondly , it is important to hire an attorney that is experienced in dealing with motorcycle accident cases .
Experience plays an important role in determining the performance of the professional .
Generally , the greater experience a professional has , the better they will be able to handle the case .
Your chances of getting the right compensation amount will also increase .
Thirdly , you should hire RiderzLaw Motorcycle Lawyers having a high success rate .
When the success rate of a lawyer is high , it means they are highly successful in their cases allowing their clients to get their deserved compensation .
So , you should find a lawyer that is reputed for winning most of the cases .
When you find that the lawyer you are considering hiring fits in the criteria mentioned above , you should move forward and hire …
Read the rest
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Southwest Airlines Co. said Thursday that it had to repair four of the 38 planes grounded earlier this week after an internal investigation revealed the planes had n't been properly inspected .
The Dallas - based carrier said that repairs to the Boeing Co. BA , - 1.49 % 737 aircraft were being carried out , with 34 other planes returning to service .
Altogether , Southwest reinspected 44 aircraft , including six already grounded , for possible fuselage cracks .
Southwest LUV , - 1.64 % is continuing with its investigation , but as for now no other planes have been grounded , a spokeswoman said .
The carrier operates 520 aircraft in total , all of them Boeing 737s .
The maintenance review , launched Tuesday , followed the Federal Aviation Administration 's announcement last week of a proposed $ 10.2 million fine against the company after finding six of 45 inspected aircraft showed fatigue cracks .
A review of maintenance records reveled procedural problems , and Southwest grounded the 38 craft , or 7.3 % of its fleet , for reinspection -- canceling about 4 % of its flights .
But it was the right move because the groundings showed how serious Southwest 's management takes safety , according to Daniel Ortwerth , an industrial analyst with Edward Jones , who said that he expects a minimum impact to the carrier 's top line due to the cancellations .
Ortwerth has a hold rating on the stock .
See full interview .
Southwest said Wednesday night that it worked with its ground crews to clarify inspection procedures , particularly for two , smaller areas on the aircraft that were undisclosed .
Inspections can be done visually or with an electronic device that can uncover fuselage cracks unseen by the naked eye , said Chris Mainz , a spokesman for the airline .
He declined to comment on whether the crews may not have chosen the right procedure for inspecting those areas of the 737 .
Southwest shares rose 1.8 % Thursday to close at $ 11.70 .
Australia has 40 % of the world 's known uranium reserves
Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said the move fulfilled the new Labor government 's election promise .
The move reverses the policy of former Prime Minister John Howard , who was voted out late last year .
Australia has 40 % of the world 's known uranium resources and exports the product to more than 30 countries under strict conditions .
In 2007 , Mr Howard 's government overturned a long - standing policy of not selling uranium to countries outside the NPT when it made a deal with India .
MAJOR URANIUM PRODUCERS Australia Canada China Kazakhstan Namibia Niger Russia Uzbekistan
Nuclear fuel cycle
Mr Howard agreed in principle to sell the nuclear fuel to India , pending successful negotiations on the conditions .
Mr Howard defended the move at the time by saying that it would bring India into the nuclear mainstream and curb its fossil fuel emissions .
But Mr Smith told India 's nuclear envoy Shyam Saran , who had negotiated the deal with Mr Howard , that the original policy had now been reinstated .
" We went into the election with a strong policy commitment we would not export uranium to nation states who are not members of the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , " said Mr Smith .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Five years on , Iran can thank the United States for unwittingly aiding its drive for regional power by ousting Saddam Hussein , one of Tehran ’s deadliest foes .
The U.S. military had already defeated Afghanistan ’s Taliban after the September 11 attacks on U.S. cities in 2001 -- with the unintended consequence of wiping out another of Iran ’s enemies and tilting the local balance of forces in Tehran ’s favor .
“ The removal of these two regimes without powerful successor states benefited Iran greatly ... and opened elbow room for Iran to spread its influence , ” said Vali Nasr , senior fellow at the Washington - based Council on Foreign Relations .
Iran cannot entirely rule out U.S. military action to destroy its nuclear sites , and its oil - reliant economy may prove vulnerable a few years hence , but for now it is riding high .
The Iraqi army ’s swift collapse in 2003 left Shi’ite - ruled Iran with no indigenous military rival nearby , weakening the Arab world and its mostly Sunni Muslim governments .
Windfall oil revenues have further fuelled the Islamic Republic ’s heady sense of power under its combative president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has defied Western - led efforts to contain Tehran ’s nuclear aspirations through U.N. sanctions .
“ Every 24 hours we are earning $ 270 million ... in hard currency -- a magic amount , ” said Iranian economist Saeed Leylaz .
“ Iran can transfer its petrodollars to buy loyalty internally and strategic partnerships externally . ”
In the last five years , non-Arab Iran has become a weighty player in Iraq , nurturing ties to Shi’ite and other factions .
It has gained clout elsewhere in the Arab world via its alliances with Syria , Lebanon ’s Hezbollah and the Palestinian Hamas group .
U.S. Arab allies such as Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Jordan are alarmed at Tehran ’s rising power , but after the Iraq war ’s chaotic outcome , they fear any American assault on Iran would produce another destabilizing debacle that would cost them dear .
ON A ROLL
Psychologically Iran appears to hold the upper hand .
“ It does n’t matter what politically correct things we say , the Arab world has shown plenty of fear , wariness and anxiety over Iran , whereas Iran is not reciprocating , ” Nasr said .
Prospects for American strikes on Iran receded sharply when a U.S. National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) released in December surprisingly asserted that Tehran had halted a drive to make nuclear weapons in 2003 and had probably not restarted it .
This conclusion has drawn some attention away from Iran ’s energetic pursuit of uranium enrichment and ballistic weapons development , seen by some Western analysts as more significant than any immediate attempt to make an atomic bomb .
“ We did n’t change our assessment of the threat , but the NIE whipped the carpet from under us , ” said one European diplomat , who argued that the U.S. document had made it harder to rally world powers behind tougher U.N. sanctions against Iran .
In the last few months , several Arab leaders have visited Tehran , while Ahmadinejad has made groundbreaking trips to Iraq , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates and Qatar , partly in a bid to allay Arab concerns about Iran ’s new regional sway .
“ It shows that whatever the Arabs think of Iran ’s leaders , they must take into account that after Saddam ’s fall , Iran is emerging as a major power in the area , ” the diplomat said .
This is anathema to the United States , whose relations with Iran have been marked by mutual venom since the 1979 Islamic revolution overturned its main Gulf ally , the Shah .
President George W. Bush , who in 2002 labeled Iran part of an “ axis of evil ” , accuses it of meddling in Iraq , Lebanon and the Palestinian areas -- charges Tehran hurls straight back .
Iran , while bent on thwarting U.S. - Israeli aims in the region , wants Iraq to remain a single state that would secure the interests of its
Shi’ite community , but would not be strong enough to threaten its neighbors , analysts in Tehran said .
Washington , which shares Iran ’s commitment to Iraq ’s territorial unity , has let its diplomats in Baghdad hold three meetings with their Iranian counterparts in the past year .
But the formal discussions have not blossomed into any broader dialogue aimed at resolving U.S. - Iranian disputes .
Nasr said the United States , with a strong military presence in Iraq , Afghanistan and the Gulf , still blocks Iran ’s way .
“ Iran ultimately cannot confirm its current status and the new balance that has emerged in the region without getting the United States to stop resisting it , ” he argued .
“ Ahmadinejad believes Iran can get its way by bullying and harassing .
I ’m not sure all of Iran ’s leaders are convinced that it ’s a prudent strategy , ” Nasr added .
One hot june day in 2006 , I saw what slavery really meant .
In a rundown mansion in a slum of Bucharest , Romania , a pimp offered to sell me a young woman he described as “ a blond . ”
She had bleached hair , hastily applied makeup , and she apparently suffered from Down syndrome .
On her right arm were at least 10 angry , fresh slashes where , I can only assume , she had attempted suicide .
The pimp claimed that he made 200 euros per night renting her out to local clients .
He offered to sell her outright to me in exchange for a used car .
It was n’t the first time I had encountered a slave in bondage .
It was n’t even the first time I had been offered a slave for sale .
Over five years on five continents , I had infiltrated trafficking networks and witnessed other negotiations to buy and sell human beings .
Worldwide , I ’d met more than 100 current and former slaves .
Many people are surprised to learn that there are still slaves .
Many imagined that slavery died along with the 360,000 Union soldiers whose blood fertilized the Emancipation Proclamation and the 13th Amendment .
Many thought that slavery was brought to an end around the world when most countries outlawed it in the 19th century .
But , in fact , there are more slaves today than at any point in history .
Although a precise census is impossible , as most masters keep their slaves hidden , baseline estimates from United Nations and other international researchers range from 12 million to 27 million slaves worldwide .
The U.S. State Department estimates that from 600,000 to 800,000 people -- primarily women and children -- are trafficked across national borders each year , and that does n’t count the millions of slaves who are held in bondage within their own countries .
Advertisement
Let me be clear :
By “ slaves ” I mean , very simply , those who are forced to work , under threat of violence , for no pay beyond subsistence .
That is the nice , neat , horrible definition I have used since I began studying the subject in 2001 .
It was brought home to me more vividly than ever by the tears of that young woman in Bucharest .
In the United States today , we tend to use the word “ slave ” loosely .
Merriam - Webster offers as its first definition of the word , “ drudgery ; toil . ”
Well - intentioned activists will say that a worker at a shoe factory in Indonesia is “ paid a slave wage ” of $ 1.25 per hour , despite the fact the worker can walk away from the job at any time .
An investment banker in New York will claim to be “ worked like a slave ” because , despite his six - figure salary , he is required to work up to 18 hours a day on occasion .
During his last few years with Warner Bros .
Records ,
Prince wore the word “ slave ” scrawled across his face to protest a binding contract he could n’t get out of -- even though it paid him $ 10 - million advances for each album .
But that ’s not what slavery is , as Rambho Kumar can attest .
Kumar was born into wilting poverty in a village in Bihar , the poorest state in India , the country with more slaves than any other , according to U.N. estimates .
In 2001 , desperate to keep him and his five brothers from starving , his mother accepted 700 rupees ( $ 15 ) as an advance from a local trafficker , who promised more money once 9 - year - old Rambho started working many miles away in India ’s carpet belt .
After he received Rambho from the trafficker , the loom owner treated his new acquisition like any other low - value industrial tool .
He never allowed Rambho and the other slaves to leave the loom , forcing them to work for 19 hours a day , starting at 4 in the morning .
The work itself tore into Rambho ’s small hands , and when he whimpered in pain , the owner ’s brother stuck his finger in boiling oil to cauterize the wound -- and then told him to get back to work .
When other boys attempted escape or made a mistake in the intricate designs of the rugs , which were destined for Western markets , the owner beat them savagely .
Advertisement
On July 12 , 2005 , local police , in coordination with activists supported by Free the Slaves , an organization based in Washington , liberated Rambho and nine other emaciated boys .
I ’ve met and talked with slaves and former slaves like Rambho in a dozen countries , including the United Arab Emirates , Romania , India , Sudan and Haiti .
The International Labor Organization of the United Nations estimates that in Asia alone , there are about 10 million slaves .
Even in the United States , low - end Justice Department figures estimate that there are about 50,000 people languishing in hidden bondage at any one time .
On March 4 , for instance , two south Florida women were convicted on charges of enslaving and torturing a teenage Haitian girl named Simone Celestine .
The two women face 10 years in prison .
Celestine was freed by the FBI last year after being held as a domestic slave for six years , during which time she said she was beaten with closed fists , forced to shower outside with a garden hose , rented to other homes and not allowed to attend school .
Celestine ’s case is eerily similar to that of Williathe Narcisse , a courageous young woman I got to know after she escaped a life of domestic slavery in suburban Miami .
Narcisse , who was 12 when she was freed in 1999 , had been smuggled into the U.S. from Haiti to work as a domestic servant .
During her three years in slavery , she was required to keep the family ’s home spotless , eat garbage and sleep on the floor .
She was repeatedly raped by the family ’s adult son .
Advertisement
In its first term , the Bush administration spoke out strongly against human trafficking , laying out the most aggressive anti-slavery agenda since Reconstruction .
But politics hamstrung its implementation .
Pressed by a coalition of academic feminists and evangelical conservatives , American officials focused mainly on eliminating prostitution , despite overwhelming evidence that , worldwide , more than 90 % of modern - day slaves are not held in commercial sexual slavery .
Before his reelection , President Bush spoke frequently about slavery , including two rousing speeches he gave before the U.N. General Assembly .
But in each case , the president only detailed his concern for those in the commercial sex industry , never mentioning debt bondage ( in which a person is forced into slavery in order to pay off an initial debt ) or labor trafficking .
Over the last two years , the State Department ’s Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons has dedicated four times as much of its budget to fighting sex slavery as it did to combating other forms of slavery .
“ It is a vicious myth that women and children who work as prostitutes have voluntarily chosen such a life for themselves , ” asserted a 2005 State Department fact sheet .
Thus the victimization of Ashley Alexandra Dupre , the high - priced call girl frequented by Eliot Spitzer , who until Monday was New York ’s governor , is equated to the slavery of the young woman in the Bucharest brothel .
Even though there are more slaves in the world today than ever , as a percentage of world population , there are fewer than ever .
In a generation , bondage could be eradicated .
But for this to happen , the U.S. must lead the way .
Advertisement
First , however , it must define the terms carefully .
A current legislative fight is underway about just what slavery means .
Over the objections of a few anti-slavery stalwarts in the Justice Department , the House of Representatives passed a bill in December that expands the current anti-trafficking legislation to cover most forms of prostitution , coerced or not .
If approved in its current form by the Senate and signed by the president , the law will no longer address slavery exclusively and will instead become a federal mandate to fight prostitution on a broad scale .
Prostitution is always degrading , and it is often brutal -- but it is not always slavery .
Equating the scourge of slavery with run -of - the - mill , non-coerced prostitution is not only misleading , it will weaken the world ’s efforts to end real forced labor and human trafficking .
Slavery in all its forms is a crime against humanity .
Rambho ’s bondage is no more or less tolerable than that of the young woman offered to me in Bucharest .
Both are abominations , and both are our collective burden to abolish .
see deal Grand Theft Auto IV - PC $ 19.99 on Gamestop
Criminals are an ugly , cowardly lot more worthy of pity and disdain than admiration .
This is what you 'll learn playing through the single - player campaign in Rockstar 's Grand Theft Auto IV
You play as Niko Bellic , an Eastern European attempting to escape his past and the horrors of the Bosnian war .
He arrives in Liberty City to experience the American dream , only to discover his cousin , Roman , may have fibbed a bit in his tales of success .
Starting from nothing , Niko makes a living as a killer and enforcer , a bad - ass foreigner who appears to have no morals .
The longer we stay with Niko , the more we see that there is a broken human being inside , one who would give anything to escape the person he once was .
Niko+is+fresh+off+the+boat .
You +never+have+to+be+alone.+A+high-priced+call+girl+is+always+at+the+ready .
The +explosions +are +wicked .
You +don't+need+a+posse+to+rule+the+streets.+Just+a+bat+and+balls+of+steel .
GTA+IV+plays+out+like+a+high-octane+action+flick.+Michael +Bay+just+got+served .
Is+it+suicide+if+you+take+someone+with+you ?
The +world+is+yours+online .
A+meeting+of+the+online+minds .
Metal lock box with GTA IV logo embossing
Rockstar Duffel Bag
Soundtrack Sampler
Art Book
Rockstar key chain
Standard copy of GTA IV
Worth + the+extra+$ 30 ?
Michael Hunter - Soviet Connection ( Theme from GTA IV )
Mobb Deep featuring Havoc & Prodigy - Dirty New Yorker
The Rapture - No Sex for Ben
Munga - No Fraid A
Busta Rhymes - Where 's My Money
C.J. - I Want You
Joe Walsh - Rocky Mountain Way
Bob Marley & The Wailers and Damian Marley - Stand Up Jamrock
Seryoga - Liberty City : The Invasion
Greenskeepers - Vagabond
Electrik Funk - On a Journey
Qadir - Nickname
David Axelrod - Holy Thursday
Nas - War is Necessary
Fela Kuti - Zombie
Global Communication - 5:23
Do n't worry , GTA 's famed over - the - top action and tongue - in - cheek humor are intact , but there is a new level of sophistication in the characters and the game world that raises the story above the norm .
As Niko becomes mired in the death throes of American organized crime , he begins to become more self - aware .
Niko 's struggles with his ruthless nature never inhibit the gameplay , but instead enhance the emotional gravity of a brilliant storyline .
The more absurd the action becomes , the greater we feel the very real pathos of Niko Bellic .
Much of the credit goes to the artists at Rockstar North who created as believable a city as possible .
Liberty City is inspired by New York , but not beholden to it .
While there are many parallels , Liberty exists in its own universe and rightfully so .
Many open - world games have cities that feel as if they existed only from the moment you first turned on your console , but Liberty City looks lived in .
It 's an old city and each block has its own vibe and its own history .
Drive around Liberty City and you 'll be able to identify each individual block .
Though Liberty is filled with brownstones and a myriad of similar brick buildings , you can tell one from the other , just as you can in New York .
Go to an affluent neighborhood and the street is likely to be newly paved , the pedestrians better dressed , the cops more plentiful .
But head to Dukes or Bohan and you 'll find streets nearly stripped of asphalt , homeless people wandering about aimlessly and criminals preying on the weak .
Watch the people and you 'll witness some amazing things .
At one point , I saw a woman stopped at a light , looking in the rearview mirror right before she was rear - ended by a man ogling a girl on the street .
The man got out of his car and went to the woman , checking to see if she was okay .
This had nothing to do with Niko or a single action I took .
These were the citizens of Liberty City going about their day .
And it was just one moment in a day full of incidents .
Hang in one area of the city long enough and you 'll see how traffic and pedestrian flow changes as the day progresses .
When it rains , people bring out umbrellas or shield themselves with a newspaper and run for an awning .
Cops chase petty thieves unaware that walking down the street is Niko Bellic , cold - blooded killer .
There 's a perfect balance of mumbling doomsayers to remind you that the reason this city never sleeps is because it 's full of nut jobs .
People go about their day , only altering course when Niko inserts himself into their lives with his crappy driving or excellent marksmanship .
Liberty City is n't as big as San Andreas , but is far denser .
There 's a lot to see and do and , like New York itself , very little wasted space .
When you enter buildings , there are no load times -- you open the door and you 're on your way up a flight of stairs to the roof .
The only frustration is that there are literally thousands of buildings in the city , but most of them can not be entered .
With the exception of some clearly marked entertainment hot spots and mission - specific areas , there 's nothing to indicate which buildings are open for business .
So you might find yourself walking into a lot of doors trying to find which one will magically open .
It 's a little much to expect to have the interiors of every building rendered , but that does n't make it any less bothersome that you can't go where you please .
The idea of a " living , breathing city " has always been somewhat of a joke in gaming .
Every city in the past has felt artificial in some way .
But Liberty City feels like a real place .
And its history is built not only into the architecture and the people , but even in the music .
There are more than 200 songs in GTA IV and many of them were recorded or remastered with specific references to Liberty City .
You 'll hear songs on the Classics station referencing the city , as if to suggest there 's decades of history built into the culture .
The soundtrack is an unbelievable blend of rock , pop , reggae , R&B and hip - hop .
But more astounding is how well the songs and the DJs blend into the city itself .
It 's this level of integration that makes Liberty City such a believable place .
You wo n't just hear " America 's Next Whore " advertised on the radio ; you 'll see posters when walking down the street and spot ads on the Internet .
GTA IV takes aim at all of the modern forms of communication .
Along with radio stations ( a staple of the series ) there are full programs and ads you can watch on TV and a fully browseable Interweb .
You could lose hours of your day surfing the 'net .
That may mean sorting through junk mail , clicking on random links , using Love -Meet.com to find dates , or reading the news .
There are multiple websites that cover news based on missions Niko 's completed .
You can read different takes on these events if you want to get an idea of how your actions are perceived in different political corners .
You might never bother looking at all , but like so much of GTA IV , there are dozens of hours of content waiting to be either discovered or ignored .
To make itself more modern -- as opposed to Vice City and San Andreas which were " of an era " -- the focal point of Niko 's world is his cell phone .
You 'll receive calls and text messages from friends and business associates on your phone .
This is the mission delivery system .
You may launch into a mission just by answering a call , but more often you will be directed to meet at a specific location to initiate your next objective .
Or you might just have a conversation that serves no purpose other than to deepen the characterization of Niko , his friends , or even his enemies .
The good news is that , just like in real life , you can talk on the phone while driving your bus through a police blockade .
The phone is also used as an organizer to remind you of critical events ( dates with slutty online girls ) and can be customized with new ringtones and wallpapers .
And just as in modern life , the phone can become a nuisance .
Date Carmen and she will constantly be ringing your digits and sending texts checking in to make sure you are n't sleeping with some other girl .
Yes , there are needy people even in Liberty City .
You 'll also get casual calls during missions .
You can always ignore the ring or you can pick up .
It 's most likely a friend calling and asking to hang out .
GTA is a clever game brimming with hundreds of thousands of lines of dialogue and Niko will almost certainly have a pun-laced response to turn down a pal if he's in the middle of a helicopter dogfight .
This does n't mean you should n't give your potential friends the time of day .
Throughout Niko 's journey you 'll have the opportunity to strengthen your bond with some of the people you meet .
It 's not necessary to take your Jamaican braddah Little Jacob out for a drink or game of pool when he calls , but doing so is to your benefit .
If someone likes you enough , they 'll give you access to their special ability .
For Little Jacob , that means being able to call him day or night for discounted weapons .
Packie , the angry Irish wannabe mobster gives you car bombs .
Dwayne sends a pair of his homies to assist you on missions .
The benefits of taking friends out on the town go beyond these tangible attributes .
Friends also provide commentary on life , the city , Niko , and the story .
None of it is essential to completing the game , but all of it is fascinating .
The dialogue in GTA IV is rich , funny , brilliant , insightful , and engaging .
So many times your reward for beating a mission is n't a new weapon or an elaborate cinematic cut - scene -- it 's just dialogue .
That is often reward enough .
There are a number of places you can take your friends when you go out on the town and you should base your decision on what they might enjoy .
There are mini - games for darts , pool , and bowling .
But you can also check out the god-awful cabaret or watch one of several comedy sets by Ricky Gervais and Katt Williams .
Perhaps the most challenging ( but satisfying ) activity is going drinking .
Your level of drunkenness is relative to the person you take out .
Little Jacob and Dwayne are n't so bad , but take a sweet lass like Kate out and she 'll have you ( literally ) falling over yourself .
When drunk , it 's difficult to walk and even more of a challenge to drive .
You do n't have to drive drunk ( in fact , it might make you ill doing so as the camera sways as if you 're out at sea ) , but it 's fun to give it a try .
Drunk friends tend to be more revealing as well .
Kate will tell you what she really thinks of you with just a few drinks .
If that does n't weaken your self esteem , nothing will .
The only issue with making friends is that it's a distraction from the main story .
For the first time in a GTA game , the story is actually a greater draw than city exploration .
That 's not to say driving around the city hunting for Easter Eggs is n't enjoyable , but the story is so compelling , you may find yourself singularly focused till its conclusion .
The wild cast of characters is part of the reason things are so entertaining .
The voice acting is top notch and the characters are each immediately identifiable and unique .
Some are loveable , but there are many who are despicable .
There are cringe - worthy conversations , where you see Niko being sucked into the depravity of these peoples ' lives to earn a few bucks or gain a long - sought revenge .
That 's a credit to the writing , to make what would normally just be some thug you 're doing missions for earn your contempt .
That 's a mark that you care for Niko ; that the story has gotten to you .
There are n't many games that can pull that off .
As an added twist , GTA IV gives you occasional morality choices .
There are people that you do n't have to kill in a mission and you can decide whether or not to waste a bullet .
These events do n't change the plot or open new missions later on .
Occasionally it affects dialogue , but more often it is simply the game asking what kind of person you are .
And there are some gut - wrenching decisions you make at points that create an emotional response I never imagined I would get from a Grand Theft Auto title .
There is one significant choice you make towards the end of the game that opens a new path and an alternate ending .
There are two worthwhile endings to uncover and are incentive for playing through a second time just to see how much more depressing life in Liberty City can get .
There are more than 90 story missions that will take anywhere from 25 - 45 hours to complete depending largely on your skill level .
I was certain that the missions would get repetitive at some point , that sooner or later it would get redundant .
It never does .
Though many missions boil down to the same basic parameter -- go to location , kill people to get to target , chase target , kill target -- it never feels repetitive .
The locations of missions , the variety in the enemies , the dynamic aspects of the AI , and the dialogue keep GTA IV from ever feeling stale .
In fact , this is a game that can be enjoyed with multiple playthroughs .
It 's just that good .
The best mission comes close to the halfway point , when you and Packie McCreary decide to rob a bank .
In what becomes the recurring theme for Niko Bellic , everything about the job goes wrong .
The cops have the bank surrounded and there 's no easy way out .
Instead , you and the gang must battle through the streets and into the subway to escape .
It 's a lengthy , epic fight that I could replay a dozen times and still enjoy .
A great deal of that pleasure is due to the refined combat system .
Though Grand Theft Auto has always been about action , it has never provided a great targeting system .
That has finally , truly changed with GTA IV .
Hold down the trigger and you can lock on to an enemy ( or civilian ) .
You 'll see an indicator of their health .
You can adjust your aim slightly with the thumbstick so that nudging up a little can help you earn some headshots .
Partially depress the trigger and you have free aim , which is great for targeting tires or specific body parts .
With skill , you can take down enemies faster in free mode .
But auto aim is a great help in larger battles or for those who are n't as adept with a controller .
Better is the cover system .
Tap the right shoulder button and you 'll take cover behind the nearest object .
If you see it in the environment , you can probably take cover behind it .
That includes walls , dumpsters and cars .
You can aim while in cover and when you hold the trigger to fire , you 'll pop and shoot .
You can also blind fire rather effectively with any weapon -- including an RPG .
The cover system is fairly smart , so if you want to move from one side of a door to the other , just push towards where you want to go and tap the cover button .
This also works when you are fairly far from cover .
Niko will roll or perform a slick slide to get to safety quickly .
There is a stickiness to the cover system similar to Gears of War , but since the cover button is n't tied to your run button , you never accidentally enter cover .
While GTA does n't have many issues , I will admit that the cover system is not perfect .
There are times where you will take cover on the wrong side of a corner , leaving you exposed .
These instances are n't too common , but over the course of dozens of hours , you 'll certainly encounter them .
You also un - stick from cover when you use your phone , which can sometimes make calling Dwayne for backup or Carmen for a health boost a little trickier than necessary .
Most games with a cover system make the mistake of turning cover into the central focus of gameplay .
But cover in GTA IV is more of a natural progression needed to facilitate heightened AI .
Enemies have a variety of AI protocols .
Some are cowards ( gotta love the fat cops running for the hills when you start killing the boys in blue ) , most try to avoid being shot by taking cover , and a few still stand in the open .
If the AI is going to be able to hide behind cars and other parts of the environment , it 's only fair that players have the same ability .
You do n't have to use cover if you do n't want to .
I 'm sure there is some way to beat missions just by running and gunning .
After all , this is still GTA .
There 's no one right way to beat a mission .
You 're free to get creative .
But ignoring the cover system is like never stealing a car .
This is a major piece of the game .
Use it often , because it works well and it 's certain to keep you alive longer .
The cops are n't about to let Niko run through the city with guns blazing , even if he is capping bad guys .
Sooner or later , you 'll run afoul of the law .
The wanted system has been revised and makes for more dynamic chase scenes .
When you 're wanted , your radar displays the police search parameter .
The smaller the wanted level , the more local the search .
Your goal is to get out of that circle and avoid being seen by the cops .
Get spotted and the circle re-centers on your new location .
This becomes more of a challenge when you reach three stars , because a police helicopter appears .
This eye in the sky has an easier chance of spotting and following Niko -- and directing other cops to your location .
Unless you want to be O.J. , you need to change directions , get out of the sight of choppers , switch cars or go on foot .
Whatever you do , avoid line of sight , because once a cop sees you , you 're location is reported and the search changes its focus .
This makes escapes from four stars and higher incredibly intense .
Pay ' n '
Spray shops still exist , but must be entered when cops are n't looking .
To be honest , I used this one time in 40 hours .
It 's an outdated idea in some ways and more a nod to GTA 's of old than a great resource .
The new wanted system puts an emphasis on your driving and navigation skills .
Fortunately , you can set a waypoint on the map in the pause menu and get an adaptive GPS - guided route .
This same system is used to guide you through missions .
There is never a point in GTA IV where you have to wonder where to go or what to do next .
I should mention that the driving has also seen an upgrade from past Grand Theft Autos .
Rockstar 's RAGE engine coupled with NaturalMotion 's Euphoria engine creates a game world with some stunning physics .
Each brand of car handles differently ( you can actually see the suspension in action as you make sharp turns ) .
What will really surprise people is that these physics work with characters while in cars .
So Niko 's weight shifts to one side as he makes a turn and his head snaps forward when he slams the brakes .
There is also a full neurological system built into Niko so that his body knows how to react to other objects .
At one point I drove an ambulance off a high stunt jump .
The cinematic camera swung around to show Niko taking his hands off the wheel and covering his face before impact .
You will see the effects of NaturalMotion throughout the game , whether it's how bodies react when you slam your car into them or the way a gangbanger leaps away from a grenade .
The physics system is the connective tissue that grounds the action into something resembling reality .
And it 's one of the main factors that makes GTA such an impressive - looking game .
Past GTA titles have had mild - to - serious framerate issues and technical glitches , because the games were trying to do far more than the PlayStation 2 could handle .
While GTA IV is pushing the PS3 and 360 to the limit , it also runs amazingly well .
Sure , there are framerate hitches here and there and ( particularly on 360 ) there is some texture pop-in , but it actually runs better than I expected .
That a game with great AI , an awesome physics engine and a detailed open world runs so well and with such short load times is a technical marvel .
For that , I can forgive framerate issues and some noticeable aliasing .
The art team gets major kudos for creating a living world .
There is great texture work in the environments , a nice field - of - vision blur of buildings in the distance , some excellently modeled cars , ball - jarring explosions , phenomenal water effects and one interesting - looking Eastern Euro for a lead character .
Sure , it 's not a game that runs perfectly all the time , but the technical elements almost never get in the way of the gameplay .
For those wanting to know which version looks better , the edge goes to the PS3 .
The textures and framerate are comparable , but the PS3 has far less pop-in .
The 360 has richer colors , but the PS3 has better anti-aliasing making it look a little cleaner .
Because GTA IV can preload onto the PS3 hard drive , the in - game loads are faster .
Do n't worry Xbox owners , the load times are rarely more than 30 seconds and do n't occur very often .
The slight visual edge goes to PS3 , but the 360 is no slouch .
Either version will do you proud .
If you 're wondering which version to buy , the best suggestion is to consider what your friends will purchase .
That 's because online multiplayer has made its way into GTA IV and it is awesome .
And , like all great things , it 's best played when drunk and with as many friends as possible .
Multiplayer is accessed via your phone from the single - player game .
Everything is active in Liberty City online -- the cops , pedestrians , traffic , and weather .
And yes , the entire city is open to you and 15 of your closest friends .
To keep you and your pals from getting separated , GTA IV offers a party system .
The party lobby is actually set in the outskirts of Liberty City .
You 're given plenty of guns and some vehicles to mess around with .
You can stay and fight or run around the city if you like while waiting for the host to set up a match .
And boy , are there a lot of options to choose from .
There are more than a dozen multiplayer modes if you count team and free - for - all variations .
The bread - and - butter of multiplayer is Free Mode .
This is a no-rules game that drops you into Liberty City with up to 15 other people to do as you please .
You can invent your own custom games , waste time shooting one another or explore the city .
As with almost all of the multiplayer modes , there are loads of options for the match .
Turn on cops and each player will get their own individual wanted level .
Set the time of day , weather , flow of traffic , weapons available -- there 's very little you can't customize .
Free Mode taps into the very core of GTA gameplay , which is to run around the city causing mayhem .
Only now you can do it with 15 other like - minded individuals .
There are a number of other creative multiplayer offerings .
The standard Deathmatch and Team Deathmatch can be interesting , since the cover system often slows the game a bit so it is n't as fast - paced as something like Quake .
Unless , of course , you choose " all rockets " in which case death will become you many , many times .
Mafiya
Work has you and your competitors receiving phone errands from a mob boss .
First to complete a mission scores some cash .
Car Jack
City has players vying to steal specially marked cars and return them in as pristine a condition as possible to a drop off point .
Turf
War is your standard capture - the - point .
Or if you like vehicles you can try out GTA Race , which is like any other racing game except you can get out of your vehicle , jack your competitor 's car and finish the race in any way you like -- or just blow up other people for the hell of it .
And then there is Cops n' Crooks , the best of the objective - based multiplayer games .
This has two teams , one side lawmen , the other hoodlums .
The crooks are trying to get to a randomly selected extraction point and the cops are trying to arrest them with bullets .
This mode forces teamwork , as both teams must strategize on the fly and rely on one another to assist in navigation .
It 's a fun , addictive mode that will likely be the most popular of the team offerings .
On top of the various competitive modes , there are also three co-op offerings .
These three " modes " are missions similar to what you might experience in the single - player game .
Niko does n't exist in multiplayer , but you still get cut - scenes and some unique dialogue wrapped around some fun missions .
Co-op supports up to four players and only has some minor variables .
Your objective never changes nor do the locations .
You can up the difficulty and add more traffic if you want a challenge , but none of the co-op missions struck me as anything worth playing more than a couple of times .
It 's nice to have , but probably wo n't be what gamers buzz about when discussing GTA multiplayer .
As with just about every game , there are both ranked and unranked matches .
Ranked matches are the only way to progress up the ranking system ( from 0 - 10 ) .
Progressing up the ranks not only makes you feel better about yourself , but it opens up new clothing and accessories to better customize your character .
There 's not a lot of pull to rank up , though , because many of the modes do n't use your custom character .
The co-op modes and Cops n' Crooks use a different cast , so if those tend to be your primary focus , having new outfits for a character you never see is n't going to mean much .
I wo n't go so far as to say that GTA IV is the best multiplayer out there , but it 's definitely among the best .
Having Liberty
City in full effect and only seeing occasional instances of slowdown is a real treat .
When a few million people load hop online , it 's anyone 's guess how the game will hold up , but from my experience , playing with 16 people in Free Mode only caused occasional hiccups .
Certainly not enough to make me stop playing .
Those who want a little more bang from GTA IV can purchase the special edition for $ 89.99 .
Packaged in a large , attractive cardboard box , the Special Edition includes some nice swag , but lacks the traditional " Making Of " DVD that generally proves most enticing for gamers willing to shell extra cheddar .
GTA IV : The Special Edition includes the following :
The duffel bag has a nice yellow lining and a large Rockstar logo .
It 's big enough to fit a cat or mob boss 's head .
The lock box is the better container .
This non -descript metal box is the perfect place to lock up your game to keep it away from children .
There 's enough bonus space to hide rolled up Playboy 's and your relaxation medication .
Perhaps this is what Al Gore was going on about back in 2000 .
Makes sense now .
There is no official soundtrack box set for GTA IV , because songs can be purchased individually through the Rockstar Social Club .
So getting 16 of the best tracks on one CD is actually a pretty solid deal .
You 'll get the GTA IV instrumental theme along with a new Nas song , Busta Rhymes and Mobb Deep .
I 'd still rather have a full - fledged soundtrack release , but this is the next best thing .
Complete track list : Lastly , there is the art book , which features concept art , wireframe models , screenshots , and a small amount of insight into the art design process .
It 's not going to be enough to satisfy those who want to understand what it takes to make an epic such as Grand Theft Auto IV , but it 's all you 're going to get .
Should you get GTA IV : SE ?
That depends on what you expect from a collector 's edition .
The lack of a making of DVD is a major letdown -- so if insight into the creative process is what you 're after , save your $ 30 and buy the regular game .
If you like chotchkies , then there is a little more for you .
The duffel bag is average , but the lock box is pretty swank .
It 's certainly the best case for a collector 's edition that I 've seen .
I wo n't deny that the soundtrack has some great songs -- but great enough to add a $ 30 value to GTA IV ?
That 's a tough call .
The game is no less great , but the Special Edition is only for those with money to burn and a desire to have a metal box to lock their game inside each night .
. The Cold Hard 911 Truth
Millions of people worldwide are demanding a new investigation of the events of 9-11 -2001 .
They consist of engineers , professors , architects , theologians , former statesmen , military officers , and concerned citizens .
They have even discussed it in the Japanese parliament
Is there in fact any truth at all to the claims of the “ conspiracy theorists ? ”
Sadly , the answer is a resounding yes .
Incredibly , the truth is so glaringly obvious that it does , in fact , beggar belief .
I have to admit it , in the beginning I bought the government 's official conspiracy theory , hook line and sinker .
After all , I ’m a vet , and if there is one thing you learn when you ’re in the service it ’s that our country ’s enemies are real and they mean to do us harm .
I will never dispute that .
So , when the government said Al Quaeda did it , I bought it , case closed .
But in the back of my mind it never fully sat right .
There were so many questions , mainly : how did those buildings just collapse like that ?
I tried to explain it away , to believe the official explanation .
But it was a dilemma .
After all , those buildings were utterly and completely destroyed !
Even the entire underground complex of the WTC ( which most people are completely unaware of ) was destroyed !
Between 2002 and 2003 I started reexamining the evidence available .
I started learning about the science behind freefall physics .
I started checking the math .
You do n’t have to be a genius to understand that every kinetic event in the universe can be rendered mathematically .
Because of the math , I came to the conclusion that those buildings were demolished .
Upon reexamining footage from that day it was obvious .
I could see the explosions with my own eyes !
The truth is plain to see once one divorces oneself from the emotion of the event .
A heightened emotional state is imperative for the success of any psychological operation , because emotions are active in the lower brain , distinct and separate from the higher analytical brain .
Fear and anger are the assassins of logic .
If those buildings were never attacked by planes , and there was never a terrorist event , what would it look like if they did demolish those buildings ?
Think about it .
If the WTC towers were demolished legally in a controlled demolition scenario , what would it look like ?
I attest that it would be a spectacular event , played and replayed on youtube for years to come , and it would look exactly like it did on 911 , absent the jet - fuel fires from two airline crashes .
You can see the explosions right there in front of your own eyes on the raw CNN footage .
Detractors , such as the ones who often post in response to 911 truth internet articles , mean well I ’m sure .
They do n’t want to believe what can be proven even beyond a shadow of a doubt .
A jury found a certain famous athlete not guilty of murder even when the police had his DNA at the crime scene .
People could n’t understand the science of it or did n't want to .
There was too much emotion involved .
For one to think rationally and critically , one cannot be in a heightened emotional state .
This was the purpose of those planes hitting the buildings : shock and awe , fear , anger .
In that state it ’s easy to not see things right in front of your eyes .
In that state it ’s easy to be hypnotized , more susceptible to suggestion .
People have to let go of their egos to admit being fooled .
It ’s a hard thing to admit you are wrong .
I know , I ’m a veteran and a patriot ; this was hard stuff to swallow .
But even I do n’t have a big enough ego to tell physics professors and engineers they are wrong and that they are kooks .
Nor is my ego so big that I can calmly say that 2+2=5 .
I have to admit that it equals 4 , no matter what the idiots on the boob tube might say .
I 've had people tell me that , of course , everyone saw that plane hit the pentagon , it was right there on TV , right ?
Wrong !
They saw it in their minds !
Once again , if the towers had been brought down legally in an admitted controlled demolition , what would it look like ?
I live in Columbia S.C. , a capital city .
Our tallest building is approximately one fourth as tall as one of those towers .
If a plane hit that building I ca n’t imagine it disintegrating from any sort of subsequent fire , I mean it ’s a big building !
The two towers of the WTC were so massive that it ’s beyond most people ’s comprehension .
At on time these were the tallest buildings in the world .
Hundreds , if not thousands , of explosive devices would have been necessary to destroy it , yet two plane loads of fuel did the trick !
Anyone , and I mean anyone , trying to explain that away is peddling junk science .
The publication Popular Mechanics tried to peddle this junk science .
They even put out a book with a foreword by John McCain .
All junk science !
They all get Fs in science class .
But they get in A in propaganda and war - mongering !
I do n't know who is behind the horrific events of 911 .
I can make an educated guess , because of who benefits : Taylor Caldwell ’s “ quiet , deadly men ” of real power , the “ captains and the kings . ”
But saying that would be a conspiracy theory .
However , it ’s not a theory that those buildings are gone !
In seconds they were gone !
Poof !
Finito !
The combined time involved in the utter destructions of the Twin Towers was less than 30 seconds !
Are Americans so complacent , so dumbed down , so “ doped on religion , sex , and TV , ” as John Lennon put it , that they cannot tell when tyranny has arrived at their doorstep ?
Sen. Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , won the Pennsylvania primary , defeating Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , by 9.4 percentage points .
Clinton ’s victory made a small dent in Obama ’s lead in pledged delegates , but it really does n’t matter , because she ca n’t win .
At this point , a Clinton victory would be nothing short of miraculous , akin to MU basketball being good , or to Sen . John McCain , R - Ariz. , not voting the party line .
I ’m predicting this loss for Clinton not out of spite or with any malicious intent .
On the contrary , I like her ( sometimes ) .
But the math does n’t add up .
If Clinton were to split the remaining super - delegates 50/50 with Obama ( which is n’t likely to happen , given recent trends ) , and wins every remaining primary by 20 percent , Obama would eliminate her on the day of the last primary .
Go back and read that .
Even with wildly optimistic expectations ( now who ’s naïve , Hill ? ) , Clinton still loses .
There is no possible way for Clinton to beat Obama by 20 percent in either Indiana or North Carolina , unless Obama comes out and tells the nation he is switching parties .
I really ca n’t make sense of why Clinton is still in the race .
Is it because she cares so much about the issues on which she has campaigned ?
Maybe , but if that was the only thing , she would ’ve brokered a deal by now , gracefully bowing out on the condition that Obama incorporates some of the more important parts of her platform into his .
I think that it ’s more of a question of a sense of entitlement .
As bad as that sounds , I do n’t mean it in a pejorative sense —
I ’m simply trying to point out that Clinton has been working toward this all her life .
On top of the presidency being her personal goal , I think she honestly feels she is more qualified for the job .
In one sense , she is still in the race because she cares so much about the country that she wo n’t trust anyone else ( except Bill ) to do the job .
That being said , I repeat my call for her to drop out , in large part because she can’t win , and also for the good of the Democratic Party .
Now let ’s make one thing clear : I do not believe the extended primary is doing deep and long - lasting damage to the party or to either of the candidates .
Democratic registration and turnout has been at record highs in every state the primary has gone to .
Counties that had majority Republican voter registration prior to the primary now have majority Democratic registration .
Both candidates are smashing fundraising records , and the fundraising of the presumptive Republican nominee , John McSame .
The long primary has forced Obama to focus on Clinton and has prevented him from turning his attention to McSame and showing the Arizona senator ’s record to the American people .
It has also delayed ( not prevented , but delayed ) Obama ’s fundraising efforts for the general election and the record fundraising month that is sure to follow when he wins the nomination .
Hillary , it ’s been a nice run , but the time ’s come for you to face reality and hang it up .
We ’ll miss you , but if you play your cards right , you can still be a major force in American politics ( Senate Majority Leader ? ) .
Stay in until you raise enough money to pay your debts , and then gracefully bow out .
No one will blame you — hell , they ’ll thank you because it ’ll make Chris Matthews shut the hell up , and that ’s a victory in anybody ’s book .
Finns Call the Shots in Cold Country With Hot Bar Scene
Where else can you find a bar carved entirely of ice ( and kept at 23 degrees ) ?
March 5 , 2008 -- HELSINKI , Finland —
They 're a melancholy lot , these Finns , and they 'll readily sigh and say so , even before the first shot is poured .
Radical weather that veers from 24 - hour sunlight to weeks of near - constant darkness and arthritic cold , with oodles of gloom in between , warps the soul .
So does being squeezed geographically , politically and culturally between those ever - so - fun Swedes and Russians .
Such a doomed legacy apparently drives a people to distill liquor out of pine tar and obscure berries and decorate their watering holes with reindeer antlers and Soviet army gear .
It causes them to rumba and rap and ruminate over the connections between native classical composer Sibelius and local heavy - metal meisters Lordi .
And of course , it makes them lose control of their ää's , ööö 's and üüüü's .
But happily for tourists , it also has inspired entrepreneurs to create a diverse , distinctive and spirit - lifting urban nightlife scene that simply must be ingested to be believed — preferably in the deadest dead of Scandinavian winter .
Only connoisseurs of the ödd need venture forth .
If you 're flying Finnair , you can ease into your mission on the trans - Atlantic flight , where in business class they offer mini-bottles of Lakka , a golden liqueur derived from cloudberries .
What else would you drink at 35,000 feet , if not essence of cloudberry ?
It 's cough - syrup sweet and therefore ideal for washing away the taste of too - ripe smoked salmon .
After touching down ( most likely in fog ) , you can plot your Nordic night - crawl .
The options are said to be more glamorous in Stockholm and more exotic in Tallinn , Estonia .
But Helsinki , which competes with those nearby capitals for tourists from Japan , Russia , Germany , Canada and the USA , has the edge in numbers .
The city 's center boasts several dozen out - of - the - ordinary bars , cocktail lounges , nightclubs and performance venues , along with dozens more standard - issue places , all serving a metro area population of 1 million .
" In the past , we ( Finland ) have n't been too successful in things , but that 's changing now , " says Anders Westerholm , 26 , who , with business partner Matti Sarkkinen , owns a nightlife magazine , a Japanese restaurant and Vinyl , a cocktail lounge / record shop .
" During the past five years , people have been putting up many bars , restaurants and design shops — young people doing places for other young people . "
Insiders tout the places with the coolest DJs ( Redrum , We Got Beef ) , glitziest interiors ( Lux , Ahjo Club , members - only Bläk ) and gayest clientele ( DTM , Lost & Found ) .
But the uniqueness of the city 's scene emerges only if one pokes around the edges :
Viva vengeance !
Do n't tell Fidel ( or Raúl ) , but 4 - month - old Cuba ! is the most decadent new club on the scene .
This cavernous space is grungy and the Latin house music is groovy , but the gimmicks are what spur the rebels .
There 's a cocktail menu highlighted by $ 11 " Guantanamojitos , " with names such as " Bloody Communist , " " Missile Crisis " and " Sparkling Revolution . "
For $ 2,175 , a group of up to 10 can rent its own " Personal Jesus , " who dons a robe and a long - haired wig and keeps serving those cocktails all night .
Folks in need of further stress relief also can pay to destroy things : $ 725 for a chair , $ 1,450 for a table , and $ 725,000 for the entire interior .
To date , Personal Jesus has been hired twice , and just one chair has been sacrificed .
" Smashed in the stairwell , " says managing partner Riku Stenros , referring , presumably , to the chair .
Cuba !
Address : 4 Erottajankatu Website : cubacafe.fi
Chill factor :
One could attempt the pickup line " Hey , baby , nice umlauts " at Arctic Icebar , but it wo n't melt any hearts .
That 's because the temperature is kept at 23 degrees Fahrenheit .
Catering mostly to tourists , the 12 - seat space in the rear of a Spanish restaurant is housed in a freezer and features a bar and tables sculpted from ice .
Customers pay $ 14.50 to enter ( one drink included ) and are given a hooded thermal cape to wear while sipping cocktails such as the Raspberry Frenzy ( raspberry vodka and cranberry juice ) .
" It 's really fun to see how people connect , " says bartender Esteri Löppönen , who notes that the bar draws about 80 customers daily , most staying for about 20 minutes .
Just long enough to break the ice .
Arctic Icebar Address : 5 Yliopistonkatu Website : arcticicebar.fi
Sweat shop :
At the other end of the thermal spectrum is the Sports Academy .
Armchair jocks who think America rules the sports - bar genre have n't talked trash in this handsome two - story mecca , which has three bars , 66 video screens and a grill .
But the coolest and hottest space in town is upstairs in the rear behind one - way windows : a sauna that seats 12 .
For $ 435 for two hours , groups of fans can get naked and bake while they munch on squid sticks , sip terva schnapps ( a distillate of pine tar and honey ) and watch their sport of choice on a 42 - inch plasma - screen TV .
The downside is that those choices might include ice hockey , soccer , snow - boarding and equestrian but not the Super Bowl ( which came on at 3 a.m. , just past closing time ) .
" We sometimes have a derivative of baseball ( pesäpallo ) , where the pitching is underhand , " says duty manager Jesse Stenius .
" But I do n't want to talk about it . "
Sports Academy Address : 8 Kaivokatu Website : sportsacademy.fi
Cold war room :
Oh , those artsy types .
Finland 's two most famous film directors , brothers Aki and Mika Kaurismäki , are partners in a beloved lounge / cinema / pool hall complex where bohemians have moped for 15 years .
At its heart is the 26 - seat Kafe Moskova ( or Mockba , depending on the translator ) , which is designed to evoke the cold old melancholy era of Leonid Brezhnev .
That means a square room painted deep red and decorated with kitschy Russian dolls , a Jussi ( Finland 's equivalent to the Oscar ) statuette , Soviet army hats and a vintage Rigonda - Bolshoi stereo console that plays vinyl records from Russian pop artists .
Patrons once threw shots of vodka against the walls for kicks , but now the drinks of choice are neatly sipped Eastern European digestives and Champagne .
Kafe Moskova Address : 11 Eerikinkatu Website : corona.fi
Plastic playground : Vinyl is a cool little concept that combines a lounge with a record store .
The mostly young crowd can order a music - themed cocktail , choose a vinyl album from a wall rack , have the DJ give it a spin , and then buy it .
The cocktails are named after pop songs , such as the Puutarhassa ( by Finnish singer Pekka Streng ) , made from cloudberry jam , vodka , orange liqueur and apple and lime juices .
" We create the drink , then we try to figure out what type of song is the drink , " explains co-owner Matti Sarkkinen .
But the most intriguing offering is the $ 7.25 Fisu shot , found throughout the city .
It 's a blender drink made by mixing chilled vodka with pastilles of Fisherman 's Friend , a menthol - flavored cough drop .
The result looks filthy brown - black , but the taste is all fresh , Arctic icy burn .
It has supplanted in popularity the similar but far more vile salmiakki shot , made from vodka and salty licorice candies .
Vinyl Address : 8 Yliopistonkatu
Staar struuck :
In the karaoke bar in the Royal Onnela entertainment complex , Jari Turja is celebrating his 27th birthday with a bottle of Champagne and a spurt of bravado .
He has just wowed the crowd and wooed girlfriend Annika Seppä by belting out Sen Eki Teki Vaan by Kari Tapio .
It borrows the melody from Achy Breaky Heart and melds it with new lyrics about a guy who Turja says " drinks away all his money .
A regular Finnish guy .
But it 's not sad .
It makes fun of these kind of people . "
( Warning : After several Karhu III lagers , one can find oneself with a microphone in hand , singing Rakkautta Ja Piikkilankaa by Uniklubi .
God knows you 'll flub the chorus . )
Royal Onnela Address : 48 Fredrikinkatu Website : ravintolaonnela.fi
Memo to club owners :
Have you ever thought of adding a Scrabble night ?
Bellis perennis , a common type of daisy , contains chemicals which can lower triglycerides .
Last week , in the Journal of Natural Products , Masayuki Yoshikawa explained how he and his colleagues discovered the fat - fighting chemicals .
At Kyoto Pharmaceutical University , they extracted a mixture of molecules from Albanian - grown flowers .
When mice drank some of the herbal extract and then chased it with olive oil , a source of vegetable fat , their triglycerides remained pretty low – even though they should have increased substantially .
To narrow down their search for the medicinal substance , the Japanese researchers used high performance liquid chromatography to separate individual chemicals out from the mixture .
Next , they used nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy and mass spectrometry to identify each of the purified compounds .
Seven of them were previously undiscovered , but each belongs to a well - known family of substances called saponins .
When the scientists tested two of the newly - discovered molecules on mice , both worked like a charm .
In the introduction of his paper , Yoshikawa explained that the plant has been used as a folk remedy for bruises , bleeding , muscular pain , purulent skin diseases , and rheumatism .
He also mentioned that it is sometimes included in salads .
If its fat - fighting abilities work on humans , we may find ourselves chowing down on plates of the healthy flowers .
Photo : Bill Hails / flickr
Chicago ’s Daley Issues Combat Rifles to Beat Cops
" It is so transparent as to almost be a joke .
“ Chicago police officers will be armed with combat rifles to better rival the firepower of street gangs , police Superintendent Jody Weis has announced , ” reports the Fort Mill Times .
“ Weis unveiled the plan to equip and train the department ’s 13,500 officers with M4 carbines on Friday . ”
No word on what version of the M4 Jody Weis will hand out .
The M4 is basically an M16 .
It comes in semi-automatic with a three - round burst and full auto .
It is the preferred weapon of the U.S. Army Special Forces and Navy SEALs .
Is there a reason for cops to have such awesome firepower ?
“ The weapons of criminals are getting bigger and bigger , ” averred Chicago mayor Richard Daley , so he gave a nod to issuing the M4s .
Interesting because Daley is an avowed opponent of the Second Amendment .
But only for the commoners .
Cops get military weapons to go along with their black Star Wars storm trooper uniforms . "
There was an " incident " that occurred Feb 28 , 1997 , that 's germane to what 's happening before our eyes today , as the government is fast converting the country into a fascist police state .
That was the day two heavily armed and armored dudes supposedly tried to rob a bank in Los Angeles and then got into a shootout with police .
Now , the bank robbery part of that stage play was just a setup for what happened next , because those guys were obviously going nowhere and had prepared themselves to duke it out with the local cops .
They had full body armor that was sufficient to stop everything that was shot at them which means at least type IIIa or even type III , capable of stopping rifle bullets .
I remember seeing videos of these guys parading back and forth in the streets for an hour , blasting away with full auto weapons , expending thousands of rounds of armor piercing bullets , before they were brought down .
You can see a bunch of videos here , and a remarkably prescient bank robbery shootout scene fom " Heat " , a flick that came out two years earlier .
The point of that over the top exercise was rammed home again and again .
The cops were outgunned and we were repeatedly told they even had to rush to a sporting goods store to get adequate firepower to combat this dire threat to law and order .
Of course it was highly instructive Kabuki theater to enlighten the great unwashed that police need much more than just their puny .38 specials to serve and protect .
With the possibility of so much mayhem occurring at a moments notice nothing short of the most advanced military gear would do in the future for former Officer Joe Friendly .
Sleeping Is Giving In
I discovered bedbugs and modafinil on the same eventful night a little over a year ago in San Francisco .
I had just moved back from China and was staying in a dingy Travelodge on the corner of Valencia and Market streets .
I had a song in my throat , a dream in my heart , and - thanks to a pharmacologically more adventurous friend - four 100 mg Provigil tablets in my wallet .
I was about to discover that I also had a sizable bedbug colony under my mattress .
Modafinil , of course , is the wonder drug that lets you remain awake for many hours in a row without any of the unpleasantness or fun of amphetamines .
The closest it comes to being a good time is making your urine smell like banana pudding .
No one really knows how it works , but after feeding large doses to narcoleptics for years , the medical community has decided any negative effects are probably subtle .
For such a strong CNS stimulant , modafinil has weird properties .
Eating a double handful of pills , for example , will make you jittery where a similar overdose of any other alertness drug ( caffeine included ) would kill you .
In addition to keeping you awake , modafinil tends to give you a sense of heightened mental clarity and focus , making it the perfect programmer 's drug .
Bedbugs , of course , are the retro parasites now proving that there are second acts in American lives .
They started their comeback in the provinces before hitting the big time in New York City a couple of years ago , with feature articles in the Times , the Village Voice , and the hipster press .
Even after receiving the kind of saturation coverage you'd think would inspire a backlash , bedbugs are still going strong two years later , expanding into new media markets across the US , Canada and Europe .
Their formula for success is as simple as it is effective : hide in tiny cracks and crevices , travel easily , be practically impossible to eradicate , and feast on the blood of sleeping children .
In that happy portion of my life before I knew what bedbugs looked like , I had always assumed they were tiny and nearly transparent insects like mites or aphids .
So in the morning , when I found what appeared to be a tick lying on his back next to the coffee maker , feebly waving his legs , I was not alarmed .
" Ah , California " I thought , scratching my arms .
" Wild kingdom " .
" Bedbugs , " said a friend on IRC , and after belittling him for his ignorance I ran a Google image search to show him just how wrong his conjecture was .
The next few minutes were not spent in that positive , happy frame of mind that I like to think has come to be the hallmark of this website , and I will draw a veil over them .
By early afternoon I was sitting in a public laundry , watching most of my worldly possessions spiral around in very hot water , with the captured bedbug secreted away between two plastic - wrapped plastic hotel cups now stuck in my rolling suitcase .
I cannot explain why I took the bedbug along .
He seemed like a valuable piece of forensic evidence , except that after my rapid online education on bedbugs I had no intention of trying to get my money back from the hotel .
I had slept , been bitten , and knew already from panicky study of the internet there was nothing the hotel could usefully do .
I think I wanted to take him along to keep my options open - his kin had eaten me , but he was going to learn a lesson about messing with primates .
The bug and his crew had incredible stamina and the ability to stay hidden in the tiniest of crevices for months at a time without eating ; I had a brain the size of a cauliflower and a high - speed internet connection .
It was on .
Upstairs from the laundry was the Hotel Mithila , which turned out to be a wonderful family run hotel just on the edge of the Tenderloin in San Francisco , close enough to the crappy part of town to be cheap and far enough to be clean , calm and wonderful .
The rooms had thick , bedbug - patterned carpets and immaculate sheets , which I would check each night before going to bed like a jeweler looking for flaws in a diamond .
Modafinil keeps you from feeling sleepy , but it does not remove fatigue or mask any of the other symptoms of staying up too long .
This means that by four in the morning of your third consecutive day of little sleep you see a constant crawling in your peripheral vision and feel a prickling on your skin .
This certainly livens up the paranoid late - night vigil for bedbugs .
Each night I also took care to check on my prisoner , who was waving his legs in his plastic prison .
You can fall asleep on modafinil , but after three hours or so you will wake up with the false feeling of being fully rested .
A practiced hand knows to ignore this and go back to bed , but in those early days I would get out of bed at seven and go about my day , which consisted of moving from cafe to cafe , trying to stay one step ahead of my other nemesis - the Norah Jones Christmas CD , which was spreading across the cafes of the city even faster than the bloodsucking bugs were invading its hotels .
Feeling unfocused ( because like an idiot I was sleeping three hours a night ) I tried as an experiment drinking coffee on top of the Modafinil , but this turned even my briefest emails into sixty paragraph stream - of - consciousness rants , and I found myself writing object factories just to turn a string into lower case .
It seemed wiser to stick to overpriced orange juice .
One evening I got home from my rounds to find my prisoner had gone .
I had carelessly left him for dead on top of the armoire , covering him with the plastic cup without weighing it down .
Now I was going to pay for my complacency : the bug was gone .
In a room with a million crevices and cracks I had let escape an insect whose specialty was hiding .
I knew the bedbug was not long for this world , but I had no idea whether he might not be a she , brimming with eggs , and I felt terrible for introducing this pest into a hotel that had been so good to me in a time of need .
Clearly it had to have fallen from the armoire , but where did it go ?
The top of the armoire was perfectly smooth and overhanging ; the escapee had to have dropped somewhere on that bedbug - patterned carpet .
Two long hours later , I conceded defeat .
I had officially introduced my worst enemy into the very hotel that had rescued me ; I was the viper that the Mithila family had warmed on its breast .
I decided it was time to gather what thoughts I still had and go drink beer .
I took down a dress shirt hanging from the rack next to the armoire , and as I began to put it on the bedbug dropped out of the rolled - up cuff .
Twenty more minutes of hard staring at the carpet and I had found him , on his back again , waving his legs in frustration .
This time I settled the matter out into the alley , gangland style , before throwing the shirt in the hot cycle of the downstairs washing machine .
I spent that week ( and about another half - sheet of pills ) setting up the Bedbug Registry .
I figured no hotel or apartment owner in his right mind would ever admit to a bug problem they were powerless to treat .
I also recalled my own reaction after encountering bedbugs , which was to search online and try to find every particle of information possible about what to do next .
There were excellent sites like bedbugger with lots of useful advice , but there was nowhere I could angrily report an encounter and vent .
The registry turned out to be a valuable form of closure .
It transformed bedbugs from archnemesis into valued business partner .
All I had to do was take charge of the technical end , and the bugs took care of the viral marketing across a valuable urban demographic .
Man and bug could work together !
The only sour note in our arrangement was the very real distress of the people submitting the bug reports .
For those who came across them in a hotel ( and the most unexpected hotels turned out to have bedbugs ! ) the episode was traumatic but at least limited in time ; for people who had to try to eradicate bedbugs from their home , it could mean months of suffering , moving house , and lasting trauma .
For the rest of my time in San Francisco , I would pass the Valencia Travelodge every other morning on my way to go running , and the parking lot was nearly always full .
This always gave me a strange feeling - I knew people were being eaten there at night , but I was n't at all sure what to do about it .
Knowing that most victims would never notice that they had been bitten at all , it would have been as cruel as it was pointless to warn them .
And I certainly missed the days of being able to stay in a hotel room without having to meticulously inspect every mattress and stay up half the night with an imaginary itch ; I was n't about to inflict that on anyone else .
I just hoped they were keeping their suitcases well away from the walls .
by ChrisCook Fri Mar 28th , 2008 at 06:12:32 AM
EST
I had this article published today in the compliance industry resource site Complinet
I 'm using the material as source for a series of articles aimed at newspapers .
The Future of Compliance : Part One - Peak Credit
Mar 28 2008
Surveying the aftermath of JPMorgan 's dramatic acquisition of Bear Stearns and the impotence of the Federal Reserve 's " conventional " monetary solutions , it is clear that dramatic , and unprecedented , events are unfolding .
Since this is a dynamic process , any commentary is subject to be contradicted within 24 hours , resurrected as conventional wisdom in a week , and dispatched to the outer darkness of history within a month .
Whatever the outcome , however , some of the regulatory issues have been evident for some time and others are now emerging .
This article is the first of two concerned with the effect of current developments upon the world of compliance .
Despite the kind of special pleading currently seen from the likes of Alan Greenspan , the former chairman of the US Federal Reserve , the effects of this regulatory disaster can only be a call for a retreat from the process of deregulation many commentators regard as responsible .
To predict where the compliance industry goes from here it is necessary to outline the events and trends which constitute almost tectonic movements in the financial markets .
To do so , compliance is approached as an essential form of market " quality control " .
Peak credit ?
The subject of " peak oil " is usually misrepresented to mean " oil is running out " but in fact means that , " while there may be plenty of oil in the ground , there is a maximum ( peak ) level of production which we may even have reached " .
Peak oil has gradually evolved from a wild " crank " theory to the relative respectability of -- a well - known phrase -- an " inconvenient truth " .
The consequences of peak oil are not within the scope of this article but serve as an analogy for another phenomenon -- peak credit , which , like peak oil , may in fact already have occurred .
Banking
A bank is a credit institution with a monopoly privilege to create credit backed by an amount of regulatory capital set by the Bank for International Settlements ( Basel Accords I and II ) .
The interest - bearing loans or credit which banks create is actually the money we use , and this keeps the economic world turning on its axis .
Credit institutions create this money which is then instantaneously re-deposited back into the banking system .
Without this flow of new credit there would be no development and no economic growth .
It should be noted at this point that most people -- even the most financially sophisticated -- are under the misapprehension that what banks do is to first take in deposits ( i.e. , pre-existing money ) and then , second , loan them out again .
This is actually what credit unions do and what " licensed deposit takers " ( prior to the Financial Services Act ) used to do .
The fact is , however , that credit institutions ( aka banks ) actually create loans first as new money which become deposits second .
There is intense competition among banks to gather in these deposits at an advantageous rate of interest .
Credit intermediation
There are two types of credit :
* " Trade " credit -- extended by a seller to a buyer and familiar to anyone involved in bilateral over - the - counter markets .
* " Bank " credit -- extended by a bank to a borrower and by a depositor to a bank .
The economic role of a bank is to stand between or " intermediate " :
* Borrower -- someone who is receiving something of value from the bank and promising to provide something of value in the future ; and
* Lender -- someone who is giving something of value in exchange for a promise from the bank to provide something of value in the future .
If we deconstruct this relationship we see that the bank is guaranteeing the credit of the borrower .
The charge the bank makes for doing so ( interest ) must cover interest paid to depositors , the bank 's operating costs and the costs of defaults , and will hopefully thereby provide an additional margin as profit .
In other words , the credit itself does not cost anything to create .
It is the guarantee function that is the economic value provided by the bank and this implicit guarantee is supported by the pool of " regulatory capital " .
Asset - based and deficit - based finance
As credit involves a " promise to pay " and as " debt " constitutes one of the " twin peaks " of financial capital , credit may be thought of as " deficit - based " finance .
The other peak is " equity " , which involves actual " ownership " of productive assets in legal vehicles .
Historically , this has been the " joint stock limited liability company " or " corporation " ; however , there are an increasing number of alternative vehicles such as trust and partnership - based vehicles , which together may be thought of as " asset - based " finance .
The problem is that the bulk of financing of productive assets globally has been a hybrid ,
i.e. , for the most part , it consists of credit that credit institutions have created and secured by a legal claim over productive assets that the borrower owns .
Deficit - based finance that is " property - backed " , i.e. , mortgage loans , underpins in excess of two thirds of the money which the Federal Reserve Bank and the Bank of England issues .
Asset bubbles
The first credit - fuelled " bubble " was the one that the remarkable Scot , John Law , instigated in France , when he created the first example of a central bank in recognisably modern form in 1718 -- the Banque Royale -- and used it to fuel a massive speculative bubble in the share price of the French Mississippi Company ( Compagnie des Indes ) .
Since then , a never - ending series of financial bubbles has been a recurring phenomenon in the financial markets and all bubbles have involved the excessive use of deficit - based finance by investors to buy productive assets .
The result is that asset prices lose touch with the reality of the underlying revenue flows that the assets have generated .
Inevitably , the asset price reaches a level at which no further borrowing is possible and the asset price collapses , taking the borrower , and often , the banks which deficit financed the bubble with it .
The pyramid of cheap dollar - denominated credit built in recent years upon US land rental values is such that the current process of " de - leveraging " , which has only just begun , is , at worst , in danger of sucking the US into a depression or , at best , a Japanese - style economic stasis .
Some would argue that the credit level created in the US reached an unsustainable peak some months ago and that a fundamental restructuring -- a Bretton Woods II -- is now necessary .
The role of banking innovation
The main issues have been the emergence of new financial techniques , and the re-emergence of old ones , and the regulatory response to these .
In recent years banks have been increasingly able to " outsource " to investors the risks of their implicit guarantee .
This risk transfer has occurred in three principal ways :
* Securitisation -- permanent transfer .
* Credit derivatives -- temporary transfer for a defined period .
* Credit insurance -- partial transfer .
There has also been a massive growth of complex structured products that involve the " dicing and slicing " of risk .
The regulatory risks inherent in securitisation are not new .
These were the principal reasons for the separation by the Glass - Steagall Acts in 1933 of investment banking and commercial banking in the aftermath of the US stock market bubble which led to the 1929 Wall Street Crash .
There have already been calls for the reinstatement of this separation and these calls are likely to grow stronger both as the current crisis unfolds and as lessons are digested in the aftermath , whenever that begins .
Clearly , there will be a reappraisal of the other risk transfer mechanisms as well .
In particular , the capitalisation of " monolines " and the risks they undertake in ensuring credit risk will be the subject of intense regulatory scrutiny .
Credit derivatives have proved too useful a tool to be destined for oblivion , unlike most of the financial " toxic waste " now gravitating towards the Fed silo .
There may be an increased emphasis on transparency , however , and a drive towards standardisation of terms .
Rating agencies
The role of rating agencies and , in particular , the commercial conflicts of interest between the shareholder owners of such agencies and some of the market participants who rely on their neutrality , has already come in for considerable debate and discussion .
This debate is expected to continue and the relationship between regulators and agencies will be reviewed .
One radical approach might be to encourage the evolution of a new generation of rating agencies that operate on a not - for - profit basis .
Asset - based finance and ' unitisation '
New asset - based financial tools are continually evolving .
For example , the emergence of " income trusts " and " royalty trusts " in Canada has created an entirely new asset class of " units " , which comprise rights to part of the gross revenues of listed corporations that have been attractive to long - term investors , such as pension funds who see an advantage in accessing corporate revenues before the management does .
The recent Blackstone IPO was not dissimilar , in that it was not a sale of conventional shares but a sale of partnership interests in Blackstone revenues .
Other growing forms of asset - based finance are : exchange - traded funds ; real estate investment funds ; and Islamic finance , which is inherently asset - based albeit some of the current generation of " sukuk " vehicles do not necessarily share risk and reward in a way that most Muslims would consider ethical .
Asset - based finance may also be used as a replacement for the increasingly scarce availability of deficit - based , but asset - backed finance .
This will continue to be the case at least until banks ' balance sheets have been repaired , which -- as we have seen in Japan -- may be a very lengthy process , and moreover , a process that cannot even begin until the market has stabilised .
Governments and guarantees
The contrasting approaches of the US regulatory system , which the Fed drives , and the fragmented " tripartite " ( HM Treasury , Bank of England and the Financial Services Authority ) approach in the UK have been brought home by the marked difference in the protracted Northern Rock saga and the blitzkrieg approach of the Fed to Bear Stearns .
Decisiveness is all very well of course but the political ramifications , in particular , the democratic accountability and transparency of both the Northern Rock and Bear Stearns " rescues " , require careful study .
It is possible to imagine a new approach to the roles and responsibilities of national financial regulators , treasuries , monetary authorities and central banks .
Indeed , it is even possible to question the necessity of a central bank at all -- Hong Kong , for instance , has never had one .
The challenge of napsterisation
The next article will consider the continuing and profound changes which flow from the pervasive spread of the internet and , in particular , the effect that the arrival of peer - to - peer direct connectivity ( " napsterisation " ) is already having on the legal and financial structure of markets .
Markets are becoming globally networked ; however , regulation remains firmly bound to disparate national jurisdictions .
Regulation that is appropriate for intermediaries is entirely redundant for the regulation of " end user " market participants on the one hand and the emerging breed of market service providers on the other .
It is here , in the current transition from " transaction - based " markets that involve intermediaries in a new generation of globally networked markets based upon new forms of service provision , that new opportunities and challenges lie and the compliance industry will be at the heart of this transformation .
Mr Justice Andrew Smith 's decision will affect millions of bank customers
The UK 's biggest banks have lost a test case about overdraft charges .
A judge has decided that the Office of Fair Trading ( OFT ) can rule on the fairness of the charges , which many customers have been trying to reclaim .
Mr Justice Andrew Smith said his judgement did not necessarily mean the charges were unfair .
But the decision opens the door for the OFT to demand that banks cut their charges , unless any subsequent legal appeals are successful .
Thousands of cases currently on hold in the county courts will be frozen until 22 May , by which time the banks must decide whether they are going to appeal against the ruling .
Any additional High Court hearings after that date may further delay those claims .
' Victory '
This does not necessarily mean they [ the charges ] are unfair
Mr Justice Andrew Smith
Q&A : Bank charges Reaction to the judgement
Why I took my bank to court Since the beginning of 2006 , hundreds of thousands of customers have reclaimed hundreds of millions of pounds from their banks , arguing the charges were too high and unfair .
The banks have consistently argued that their charges were fair and reasonable .
Campaigners have welcomed the judge 's ruling as a victory for consumers .
" The banks should do the right thing now and concede defeat , agree with the OFT what constitutes a fair unauthorised overdraft fee and refund their customers as soon as possible , " said Doug Taylor , personal finance campaigns manager at Which ?.
But Angela Knight , of the British Bankers ' Association , said : " We need to take what the judge has said very carefully and not jump to conclusions .
This is the start of a process . "
The judge decided against the OFT on two points .
He said most of the banks ' terms and conditions were plain and intelligible .
And he added that the charges could not be challenged under common law .
Test case
This judgement means the OFT should be able to decide what a fair charge would be for unauthorised overdrafts .
READ THE FINDINGS
Bank charges judgement [ 536KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
The OFT described the ruling as an " important early milestone " for its investigation into an area of " high consumer interest " .
" We are continuing our investigation into the fairness of these terms and will consider our position after reviewing the detail of this judgement , " added the OFT statement .
Both the banks and the courts have been deluged with claims since the beginning of 2006 , which they were finding very difficult to deal with .
But since both sides agreed to stage the test case , tens of thousands of claims have been put on hold in either the county courts or with the Financial Ombudsman Service ( FOS ) .
The BBC has estimated that last year the banks refunded about £ 784 m to nearly 378,000 customers .
' Snowballing situation ' Paul Tilley , a law student from Southampton , was one of those customers .
He says he won back £ 4,000 including interest after his bank imposed charges for exceeding his overdraft limit .
He has an outstanding claim with another bank and hopes the test case will force banks to change their behaviour .
" Looking at my statements from the time , they were taking up to £ 180 a month off me in charges , it then left me short for paying my bills . "
" As a result my payments bounced , I then went over my overdraft again . "
" It was a snowballing situation . "
Further cases
The OFT first agreed last July , with seven banks and the Nationwide building society , to stage the test case to decide if it had the power under consumer contract regulations to regulate overdraft charges .
The issue of the OFT 's jurisdiction was then thrashed out during 14 days of complicated High Court hearings in January and February .
At stake is not only the ability of aggrieved customers to reclaim their charges but also the ability of the banks to generate an estimated £ 3.5 bn a year in income from levying them .
If the banks eventually suffer a complete defeat on the issue , then it has been widely predicted that they will try to recoup their losses by abandoning the long standing policy of so - called " free banking " for customers in credit .
Instead , monthly or annual charges could be introduced as standard for running an ordinary current account .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Caroline Kennedy goes where her cousins have not :
I want a president who understands that his responsibility is to articulate a vision and encourage others to achieve it ; who holds himself , and those around him , to the highest ethical standards ; who appeals to the hopes of those who still believe in the American Dream , and those around the world who still believe in the American ideal ; and who can lift our spirits , and make us believe again that our country needs every one of us to get involved .
I have never had a president who inspired me the way people tell me that my father inspired them .
But for the first time , I believe I have found the man who could be that president not just for me , but for a new generation of Americans .
I 've often wondered why even I - who was three months old in a foreign country when he was assassinated - feel the power of the Kennedy charisma from the 1960s .
I know the many mistakes he made and the good reasons to criticize his presidency .
But the memory of him as a symbol of eternal possibility endures .
It endures beyond the shores of this country .
Why ?
Because America still means something , and every now and again , a person captures it : the restless , liberal hope for a better future , under the sober constraints of a conservative constitution .
That was Kennedy .
It was also Reagan , as Bill Bennett gracefully recognized tonight .
It 's real .
You can feel it .
And who wants to win the presidency by defeating it ?
Sometimes , things come together .
Watching a black man win the South Carolina primary in a landslide by transcending race : I can't help be moved and inspired .
Like so many of my generation and many , many more younger than me , Obama makes me believe in America again , after seven years of brutal , painful , searing disillusionment .
I wo n't let that go .
Neither , I have a feeling , will the American people .
( Photo : the scene at Obama headquarters in South Carolina tonight .
Win McNamee / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Beekeepers in Britain are worried because millions of the honey - makers are dying , and they do n't know why .
Bees do n't just make honey , they 're really important because they play a big part in helping lots of plants , fruit and vegetables grow .
But loads of them are getting ill , and beekeepers are warning they could be wiped out in 10 years .
Newsround 's Sonali put on a beekeeping suit , to try and find out more about why bees are under threat .
She discovered that beekeepers know what sort of diseases affect the little creatures , but they do n't know why they 're getting so many illnesses at the moment .
Bee experts are really worried
They want the Government to spend more money on research to find out what 's going on .
Bee expert Robin Dartington said without bees , we would n't have a lot of the food we eat .
He said : " It 's not only the honey , it 's the fact the bees fly out to all the flowers on the plants which we eat for food .
Fave foods
" If they do n't go and visit these flowers and pollinate them , then nothing happens later , you get no fruit , you get no seeds .
" Imagine a world in which we could only eat meat , potatoes and bread , not much of a diet , is it ? "
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
When Citigroup and Merrill Lynch each fessed up to nearly $ 10 billion in losses last quarter , investors believed the companies had finally scrubbed their books clean .
Those hopes were a bit premature .
" The fourth quarter felt like the kitchen sink [ quarter ] , " said Jaime Peters , a bank stock analyst at Morningstar .
" We are going to find out it necessarily was n't . "
Citi and Merrill are among a group of major financial firms due to deliver ugly results for the first quarter in the coming week .
The first quarter was marked by the near collapse of Bear Stearns , continued credit market woes and increased signs that the U.S. economy is indeed in a recession .
Of the six banks and brokers scheduled to report results in the next few days , three are expected to post a loss - Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) and Washington Mutual ( WM , Fortune 500 ) , according to estimates from earnings tracker Thomson Financial .
JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) and Wachovia ( WB , Fortune 500 ) are expected to report a drop in earnings from a year ago .
And Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) is also forecast to report a steep decline in earnings from a year ago when it releases its results on April 21 .
Overall , analysts anticipate that the banks ' results wo n't be quite as bad as they were when they announced grim fourth - quarter results three months ago .
But banks still find themselves squeezed by many of the same problems that plagued them at the end of 2007 .
Old problems remain ... new ones crop up
Citi and Merrill are expected to announce yet another series of writedowns due to eroding values of mortgage - backed securities and leveraged loan portfolios .
Other areas have started to show increasing signs of deterioration as well .
Home equity loans , for example , have become a source of trouble for banks as housing prices continue to spiral lower .
" Home equity is a well - telegraphed problem story right now , " JPMorgan Chase bank analyst Vivek Juneja said in a recent conference call about the outlook for the financial services industry in 2008 .
" The question simply there is how bad do losses get .
The numbers , in some cases , are disastrous , " he added .
To make matters worse , consumer spending has slowed and unemployment has ticked up - driving bigger losses in banks ' consumer - related businesses such as credit card , small business and even their commercial real estate portfolios .
As a result , banks are having to set aside more money for potential loan losses .
Washington Mutual revealed on Tuesday that it had to set aside approximately $ 3.5 billion in loan loss provisions .
Goldman Sachs analysts warned Friday that WaMu could see that number climb to $ 14 billion by year end .
Hit on all sides
The bad news is n't limited to loan portfolios , either .
When the Federal Reserve aggressively cut interest rates earlier this year , the expectation was the cuts would boost banks ' net interest margins , a key measure of the profit banks make from taking in deposits and lending them back out .
But competition for customers has been so tough that banks have been unable to cut their deposit rates as much as they would have in the past .
At the same time , companies with sizeable investment banking divisions like Citigroup , JPMorgan Chase and Merrill Lynch are expected to be hit by a slowdown in merger and initial public offering activity .
Merger advisory and equity underwriting are two key sources of lucrative fees for investment banks .
Still , bank CEOs will do their best to soothe investors , even as there are few signs that their results will improve anytime soon .
" I do n't know if I would call this the end , " said Malcolm Polley , chief investment officer at Stewart Capital Advisors in Pittsburgh , which owns shares of Bank of America , Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase .
" It would be nice to believe that would happen , but still I do n't know that is necessarily going to be the case , " he said .
The following post highlighting some great ‘ rain photography was submitted by DPS reader Martin Gommel from the blog KWERFELDEIN .
13 fabulous photos with rain – with these pictures , I would like to give you a little inspiration to do some photography on rainy days .
Many people ’s first thought when they see it raining is to put their camera away – however Stormy and rainy days are some of the biggest chances to shoot moody atmospheric images .
People struggling with the wind , wrestling with umbrellas , obscuring the face with their jacket , jumping or running around like they are being chased by blood - sucking aliens … .
I tell you :
When it really rains down you have an exciting and rare theater right before you waiting to be shot by a photographer !
So I encourage to to search for a place that gives you a good angle to shoot and that covers your head AND your camera and start shooting !
That ’s it for now .
Now I ’ll leave you with some of best pictures with rain that the web has ever seen .
Let ’s get inspired !
“ rain stroll ” from jaxting
“ Rain in Cracow ” from quizz
“ A walk in the rain ” from marcelgermain
“ - ” from +lyn
“ English Summer ” from Lady Vervaine
“ cold rain ” from Idle Type
“ out of the rain ” from glitter darkstar
“ Let it Rain ” from Kenny Maths
“ Vampire Season ” from Annadriel
“ let the rain kiss you ” from maggie ’s world
“ After the rain I ” from emiguez65
“ Wet Stones ” from NatashaP
Our New Insurance Claim Forms Are Compatible With the NEW CMS 1500 Claim Form
Our free quick start " How to use Medisoft " video training will help you understand how to quickly enter and print the CMS 1500 claim form info .
Our program is terrific for medical offices and medical billing services .
Our medical practice management software is designed especially for windows .
The claims program is easy to use especially in the windows environment .
Our insurance billing service software is also affordable and priced well below other programs costing thousands of dollars more .
Click here if you are interested in eMD's Medisoft PLUS web based emr software .
Alan Blinder , Princeton economics professor and former Vice Chair of the Fed , has a piece in yesterday 's NY Times business section on how to restructure the mortgages that are in trouble and are causing so much heartburn in our financial markets .
He is mostly commenting on the " Dodd - Frank " proposal for the government insuring troubled mortgages .
I think this is basically a good idea .
If the government is going to bail out the people trading with Bear Stearns in an effort to calm the markets , then they might as well go right to the source of the poison and clean up the mortgage mess .
But it has to be done right .
And I think that insuring the mortgages instead of buying them , as was done in the depression , is an idea with some merit .
But there are a bunch of things about the Dodd - Frank proposal and Blinder 's additional thoughts that concern me .
As I understand the Dodd - Frank proposal , the lenders will take a write - down on the non-performing loans instead of foreclosing on the loans .
The lenders will then trade the non-performing loans for new federally insured loans and realize a loss on the old non-performing loan .
All of that makes sense to me .
These loans are not worth 100 cents on the dollar because not only are they non-performing , but the collateral has fallen in value as well .
It makes sense to realize the losses and convert the bad paper into good paper .
And it makes sense that the government is going to have to do something to comfort the market .
Insuring the loans is an idea that at least ought to be explored , even though we are talking about putting taxpayer money at risk .
But here are my questions / concerns :
1 ) Who sets the value of the new loan ?
If the government is going to insure it , how can the market really price it ?
The best approach would be to have the market price the value of the loan based on a non-insured deal , then have the government insure it .
That way the taxpayers are only insuring a market deal .
2 ) How do you avoid giving the homeowner a total bailout in the process ?
Let 's say I bought a home for $ 250,000 , put no money down , and have monthly mortgage payments of $ 1,500 a month .
Let 's say the home has dropped in value to $ 200,000 and I can really only afford to pay $ 1,200 a month .
The market value of that loan is probably in the range of $ 175,000 .
The current owner should take a $ 75,000 loss , and let it trade to a new holder ( or keep it ) , get federal insurance , and get paid $ 1,200 per month for the remainder of the loan .
All of that makes sense to me .
But do I ( as the homeowner ) only have to pay off $ 175,000 or $ 250,000 ?
If the deal is I only have to pay $ 175,000 , then that 's a great deal for the homeowner and should we be doing that ?
I think we need to look at what would happen if the government did n't step in and then work from there .
If the government does n't step in , the holder of the loan is going to foreclose on the loan , take the home , sell it ( in my example for $ 200,000 less transaction costs ) , and take a loss .
That loss is going to be between $ 50,000 and $ 75,000 .
The homeowner is going to lose their home , but since they did n't have any money down , they do n't have any financial losses .
They do have to give up a home that they and their family may have come to love .
If the government can come up with a scheme to get the mortgage holders basically what they would be getting in a foreclosure situation ( the market price of the collateral less transaction costs ) and allow the homeowners to stay in their homes and have a high probability of staying current on the loan going forward , then we will have achieved a number of good things .
We will avoid a glut of foreclosed homes from coming on the market , further depressing home prices .
We will convert bad loans to good loans .
And we will keep people as homeowners who have a vested interest in maintaining and improving their homes instead of putting them back into the rental market .
So let 's go back to Blinders 's piece in the Times .
As to my first question about how these loans get priced , he suggests :
My suggestion is that the Super F.H.A. categorize the mortgages it might refinance into , say , “ high , ” “ medium ” and “ low ” qualities and , based on its best guesses of fair market value , post initial buying prices for each type .
I do n't like that idea .
There 's not enough of a market at work for my taste .
I think they should just do a new appraisal on the property and price the loan at 90 % of the appraised value .
Then apply federal insurance and reset the payment plan so that the homeowner pays off the new appraised value plus a market interest rate in 30 years .
That should do the trick .
As to my second question about how you avoid giving the homeowner a windfall , Blinder says :
The proposal would make homeowners relinquish part of any price appreciation on their houses for as long as their Super F.H.A. mortgages remain in effect .
Good idea .
But I ’d go further , by also making beneficiaries of the plan forfeit the right to take out second mortgages or home equity loans .
There is some sound thinking in this part .
First , a homeowner who has a federally insured loan should not be able to borrow against the home as long as that loan is outstanding , period .
And as to who captures the " discount " , it makes sense to me that the homeowner and the federal agency who insures the mortgage should share in the appreciation of the home between the new loan value and the old loan value .
You do n't want to give the entire discount to the homeowner because that 's just a huge gift , possibly at taxpayer expense .
But you do want the homeowner to continue to have an interest in making the home better and seeing it appreciate .
You also want the the federal agency to get some of this appreciation to offset the risk it is taking .
As to what the percentage should be , I say 20 pcnt to the homeowner and 80 pcnt to the federal agency .
These are my thoughts on the proposal .
As I said , I think it 's basically a good idea .
This mortgage mess should be cleaned up and using the traditional method of foreclosure and resale is not a great idea in a time of crisis like we are currently in .
Let 's hit the reset button , put the government in the mix , but do it in a way that reflects the market values and does n't give the homeowners a huge windfall .
SEOUL , South Korea 
It is 10:30 p.m. and students at the elite Daewon prep school here are cramming in a study hall that ends a 15 - hour school day .
A window is propped open so the evening chill can keep them awake .
One teenager studies standing upright at his desk to keep from dozing .
Kim Hyun-kyung , who has accumulated nearly perfect scores on her SATs , is multitasking to prepare for physics , chemistry and history exams .
“ I ca n’t let myself waste even a second , ” said Ms. Kim , who dreams of attending Harvard , Yale or another brand - name American college .
And she has a good shot .
This spring , as in previous years , all but a few of the 133 graduates from Daewon Foreign Language High School who applied to selective American universities won admission .
It is a success rate that American parents may well envy , especially now , as many students are swallowing rejection from favorite universities at the close of an insanely selective college application season .
The End of America : Letter of Warning to a Young Patriot
A Citizen ’s Call To Action
By Naomi Wolf
Fascism : Fast and furious in ten historic steps .
1. Invoke a terrifying internal and external enemy
2. Create a gulag
3. Develop a thug caste
4 . Set up an internal surveillance system
5. Harass citizens ’ groups
6 . Engage in arbitrary detention and release
7 . Target key individuals
8. Control the press
9 . Dissent equals treason
10 .
Suspend the rule of law
Naomi
Wolf says : Recent history has profound lessons for us in the U.S. today about how fascist , totalitarian , and other repressive leaders seize and maintain power , especially in what were once democracies .
The secret is that these leaders all tend to take very similar , parallel steps .
In the true spirit of Thomas Paine , Wolf takes her slender pamphlet / book ( 155 pages ) to the streets of America .
Our job is to read it , write about it and Revere it .
Ride through the towns across the land yelling : “ The fascists are coming .
The fascists are coming . ”
That is , if it is n’t too late .
Wolf ’s previous books have mostly centered on women ’s issues .
The Beauty Myth , Fire With Fire , Misconceptions , Promiscuities : The Secret Struggle for Womanhood and The Treehouse .
This work , The End of America is completely out of left field .
A radical departure , if you will .
While not trying to minimize the importance of her previous progressive books , this tome is a major historical piece of non-fiction .
I say so because of its simplicity , minimalism , brevity , cohesion and importance .
I ’ll tell you what it 's not .
It is not highbrow .
It is not pompous .
It is not longwinded .
It is not complicated .
It is simply , the truth .
At once a brilliant indictment of the Bush administration , The End of America , explains in blunt terms how the last 7 years have paralleled the same steps taken during the 20th century that led to the dictatorships of Italy , Russia , China , Germany , and Chile .
Believe me , folks .
It can happen here .
The book is not partisan .
It is historical .
It starts with the premise that ten steps , ten small changes are all that is necessary to move a country from democracy to fascism .
The work demonstrates how the massive escalation of executive power in the White House has eroded the core values that surround our personal freedoms .
In her citizen ’s call to action , Wolf demonstrates the very real threats that exist to our civil liberties and explains how we can deal with this growing threat .
You can start by reading this book .
In the 2006 military coup in Thailand , the leaders of the coup took a number of systematic steps .
Within days , the coup leaders declared martial law , sent soldiers into residential areas , took over radio and TV stations , issued press restrictions , tightened travel and rounded up the usual suspects .
They were n’t winging it .
They knew exactly what they were doing .
Veteran campers know how to make a fire .
There are certain steps you take .
The U.S. has already initiated the 10 steps to fascism and they are spelled out above .
Wolf illuminates them all clearly and precisely .
From the USA Patriot Act to the John Warner Defense Authorization
Act of 2007 , we have seen a breathtaking passage of laws that its own signers now admit they did n’t even bother to read .
By the way , in case you are wondering , the Defense Authorization Act allows the President ( or his surrogates ) vast new powers over the National Guard .
He can send Michigan ’s militia to enforce what he decides is a “ state of emergency ” in California over the objections of the state ’s governor and its people .
This is a clear violation of the Posse Comitatus Act , which was meant to stop the federal government from using the military as police force .
So much for state ’s rights .
Having seen its citizens beaten by a foreign king ’s army , the founding fathers wanted to prevent our own government turning on its own citizens .
Apparently the Bush administration finds that to be a restriction on the executive branch and an unconstitutional check on his powers .
Question is , what are you gonna do about it ?
Vote him out ?
Okay , what about the next president ?
As Americans follow the latest turn of events regarding Britney Spears or Miley Cyrus , the people who crave power consolidate it quietly and aggressively .
They do n’t have time to watch the latest episode of American Idol .
They are in the business of creating their own .
Germans still went to the movies in Berlin in 1931 .
The Chinese will soon have the Olympics as the Germans did in 1936 .
The outward structures always appear the same .
The point is that fascism does n’t come as a black and white newsreel any longer .
Today , it comes in fuschia and pastels with a yellow smiley face .
It is Disneyfied .
It wears the same clothing as you do .
The hair styles are the same .
The shoes are the same .
Remember the crazed thuggish gang of Republican operatives banging at the door while the Florida recount was occurring ?
They all wore white starched shirts and tan khaki slacks , yet they were dressed to kill .
Democracy , that is .
This democracy business is a lot of work .
Freedom makes you fat and lazy .
I mean that in a good way .
We used to be able to sit back and let our elected officials take care of business .
Well , apparently business has taken care of our elected officials .
Now we gotta do it .
Ugh .
Time to get off the couch .
Well , let 's get it on .
I guess we do have to fight for our right to party .
The End of America by Naomi Wolf serves as a companion piece to her sister - in - arms , Naomi Klein ’s work , The Shock Doctrine .
Read them both and you will understand everything you need to know about today ’s threats to democracy .
But read them quick .
The clock is ticking , we ’re in the 4th quarter of the Super bowl with no time outs .
A WGA screenwriter / producer / journalist based in Hollywood , California , Mark Groubert is the Senior Film and Book Reviewer for CrooksandLiars.com .
As a filmmaker he has produced numerous documentaries for HBO .
Groubert is also the former editor of National Lampoon Magazine , MTV Magazine and The Weekly World News .
In addition , he currently writes for the L.A. Weekly , L.A. City Beat , Penthouse , High Times and other publications .
Ben Stein deeply disturbed by Spitzer investigation
Nick Langewis and David Edwards
Published : Sunday March 16 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
" Like every other American , I was stunned by the fall of Eliot Spitzer , " opens Nixon speechwriter , notable Brat Pack - era cinema actor , comedian , lawyer and former game show host Ben Stein .
Stein is troubled by what he calls the actions of a few " nosy civil servants " using evidence gained from wiretaps to unravel the career of the outgoing New York Governor , and undo a majority vote by the people of New York .
" Something sinister is happening , " he says , " and it scares me . "
" Men hire prostitutes by the thousands , " Stein continues , " maybe tens of thousands , every day .
They also bring women across state lines for sex every day .
" The punishment for the men who hire hookers is usually nil , or at most , a small fine , close to what you 'd get for a traffic ticket . "
Spitzer , on the other hand , was humiliated and run out of office as punishment , with Stein protesting a small number of federal officials having what he essentially calls veto power over the electoral process .
Spitzer , he continues , has been stripped of his career for something picked up on a wiretap that was not a high crime like terrorism or treason .
" Having elected officials kicked out of office by appointed officials is a very dicey proposition , " argues Stein .
He concludes : " Elections are a lot more important than call girls . "
Stein 's entire monologue , as aired on CBS 's Sunday Morning on March 16 , 2008 , is available to view below .
wedataというサービスを作りました。
wedata はSITEINFOなど、誰でも書換えられるデータを保存して利用するためのシステムです。
AutoPagarizeのSITEINFOやそれ系のデータを保存する場所として使えればいいなあと思ってつくりました。
AutoPagerizeのSITEINFOは、今日からinfogamiからwedataに移転します。
wedata はSITEINFOに限らず、わりと汎用的に使えてAPIもあるので、興味あるひとはぜひを使ってみてください。
wedata
http://wedata.net/
Advertisements
Today , International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers ’ ( IFPTE ) , executive council endorsed Barack Obama for president .
The union ’s membership is composed of engineers , scientists and technicians at the Department of Defense , the Department of Energy , NASA and Boeing .
“ IFPTE ’s Executive Council agreed that Senator Obama is the candidate best suited to address the major concerns of America ’s working men and women , particularly those issues that directly impact IFPTE ’s diverse membership .
The Senator believes we need to reform the H - 1B program ; he will immediately reverse the last eight years of the union busting promulgated on our nation ’s Civil Servants ; will stand against free trade agreements like NAFTA that fail to protect American workers ; will address our nation ’s dangerous health care crisis ; will work to oppose irresponsible privatization schemes in the public and federal sectors ; will work to protect the pensions and retirement security of working Americans , ” IFPTE President Gregory Junemann said in a statement .
Sen .
Obama released a statement that thanked the union for their endorsement , and he promised , “ I ’ll fight for organized labor by protecting the right to organize .
I ’ll support vigorous reinvestment in our federal research and development agencies , including NASA , to maintain America ’s leadership in Science and Technology and to foster economic competitiveness .
And I ’ll stand up to the special interests and unite this country so we can bring about real change in the lives of American families — from passing universal health care , to putting money back in the pockets of middle - class families and making sure every one of our children has the world - class education they deserve . ”
Advertisements
The 85,000 member IFTPE is not what many people think of when they think of a union , but they represent the typical American union .
According to Bureau of Labor Statistics , in 2007 union membership was five times higher in the public than in the private sector .
The public sector is 35.7 % unionized , but only 7.5 % of the private sector is unionized .
Private sector union erosion started with the Reagan administration in the 1980s , and one of the things Bill Clinton promised in 1992 was that he would be a friend to labor .
He was n’t .
In fact , he did more to hurt labor , by not supporting legislation to help unions , and by signing NAFTA .
Hillary Clinton is running on returning the nation to the good old days of the 1990s .
Well for unions , the 1990s were n’t so great , so it is no surprise that they would n’t want to see another Clinton in the White House .
IFTPE Endorsement :
http://my.barackobama.com/page/community/post/samgrahamfelsen/gGCBRj
Labor Stats :
http://www.bls.gov/news.release/union2.nr0.htm
Opinion Geert Wilders Is No Right - Wing Populist
Dutch politician Geert Wilders may be many things , but he is not the right - wing populist he is accused of being .
What the debate over his film " Fitna " reveals most clearly is the West 's cowardice toward Islam .
Von Henryk M. Broder
Someone is wrong on ( and about ) the internet
Ahh , the internet , the great equalizer where everyone ’s voice counts …
Being in Silicon Valley , I sometimes forget the rest of the country does n’t necessarily live and breathe new gadgets and online experiences .
That being said , I also do n’t understand when people misconstrue what the internet is all about .
A recent article on slate.com by Marshall Herskovitz , TV and film producer , has an interesting outlook that I could n’t leave alone .
Here is his introductory pitch to explaining the internet experience …
So I took a break , because I ’ve never been happy serving anyone .
And went to the Internet where I could be free .
At least that ’s what everyone told me .
The Internet is the “ Great Democratizer ” where anything goes !
You can do whatever you want !
Uh — not exactly .
Why ?
Well , let ’s look more closely at what the Internet actually is .
If , as they say , it ’s a vast sea of information , the first thing to realize is that this sea is only accessible from certain harbors called browsers , like Internet Explorer or Safari .
And , extending the metaphor further , all the information on this sea is contained in boats called Web sites .
And then you begin to understand the problem .
It turns out that this sea is invisible to us , untouchable , unusable .
Our relationship to the Internet is entirely made up of our relationship to browsers and Web sites .
And you know what ?
They suck .
They ’re boring , one - dimensional , and unoriginal .
Who decided that all Web sites should have a top nav bar and be rectangular in layout ?
Who decided they should abdicate any sense of design and be white and clean and uncluttered ?
No one did , and that ’s the point .
It just happened , because the creators of the Internet were thinking about other things .
From this ( and the rest of his rant ) , I can only surmise that Mr. Herskovitz must not understand the internet .
Maybe someone should create an user manual to help new users out .
I think the way Hollywood portrays the internet in movies and TV has led to some interesting misconceptions and confusion to what the internet is about and how people interact with it .
The reality may not have the futuristic interfaces or 1 - click access to anything ( DMV information , Pentagon restricted access , etc… ) , but it ’s still pretty damn cool .
I ca n’t imagine life without full connectivity and the ability to learn and discover to my heart ’s content .
The internet brings walls down and brings people together .
I look forward to what the future holds and enjoy what it provides today .
CSS can be complex , and as each new browser version is released , you may well find yourself struggling to keep up with the latest tips and hacks .
But those tips and hacks will save your sanity !
Here , I ’ve put together the ten tips that I find most helpful , to save you the hassle of scrounging around the Web for solutions when time is tight .
1. Block vs. Inline Level Elements
Nearly all HTML elements are either block or inline elements .
The characteristics of block elements include :
Always begin on a new line
Height , line - height and top and bottom margins can be manipulated
Width defaults to 100 % of their containing element , unless a width is specified
Examples of block elements include < div > , < p > , < h1 > , < form > , < ul > and < li > .
The characteristics of inline elements , on the other hand , are the opposite of block elements :
Begin on the same line
Height , line - height and top and bottom margins ca n’t be changed
Width is as long as the text / image and ca n’t be manipulated
Examples of inline elements include < span > , < a > , < label > , < input > , < img > , < strong > and < em > .
To change an element ’s status , you can use display : inline or display : block .
But what ’s the point of changing an element from being block to inline , or vice - versa ?
Well , at first it may seem like you might hardly ever use this trick , but in actual fact , this is a very powerful technique , which you can use whenever you want to :
Have an inline element start on a new line
Have a block element start on the same line
Control the width of an inline element ( particularly useful for navigation links )
Manipulate the height of an inline element
Set a background colour as wide as the text for block elements , without having to specify a width
2. Another Box Model Hack Alternative
The box model hack is used to fix a rendering problem in pre-IE 6 browsers on PC , whereby the border and padding are included in , rather than added onto , the width of an element .
A number of CSS - based solutions have been put forward to remedy this ; here ’s another one that I really like :
padding : 2em ;
border : 1 em solid green ;
width : 20em ;
width/**/:/**/ 14em ;
The first width command is read by all browsers ; the second by all browsers except IE5.x on PC .
Because the second command comes second , it takes precedence over the first : any command that comes second will always override a preceding command .
So , how does all this work ?
By placing empty comment tags ( /**/ ) before the colons , we instruct IE5.0 to ignore the command .
Likewise , if we place empty comment tags after the colon , IE5.5 will ignore the command .
Using these two rules in conjunction with each other , we can hide the command from all of IE5.x browsers .
3. Minimum Width for a Page
A very handy CSS command that exists is the min-width command , whereby you can specify a minimum width for any element .
This can be particularly useful for specifying a minimum width for a page .
Unfortunately , IE does n’t understand this command , so we ’ll need to come up with a new way of making this functionality work in this browser .
First , we ’ll insert a < div > under the < body > tag , as we ca n’t assign a minimum width to the < body > :
< body >
< div class=" container " >
Next , we create our CSS commands , to create a minimum width of 600px :
#container
{
min-width : 600 px ;
width : expression( document.body.clientWidth < 600 ? " 600 px " : " auto " ) ;
}
The first command is the regular minimum width command ; the second is a short JavaScript command that only IE understands .
Do note , though , that this command will cause your CSS document to become invalid ; you may prefer to insert it into the head of each HTML document to get around this .
You might also want to combine this minimum width with a maximum width :
#container
{
min-width : 600 px ;
max - width : 1200 px ;
width : expression( document.body.clientWidth < 600 ? " 600 px " : document.body.clientWidth > 1200 ? " 1200 px " : " auto " ) ;
}
4. IE and Width and Height Issues
IE has a rather strange way of doing things .
It does n’t understand the min-width and min-height commands , but instead interprets width and height as min-width and min-height — go figure !
This can cause problems , because we may need boxes to be resizable should we need to fit more text into them , or should the user resize the text .
If we use only the width and height commands on a box , non-IE browsers wo n’t allow the box to resize .
If we only use the min-width and min-height commands , though , we ca n’t control the width or height in IE !
This can be especially problematic when using background images .
If you ’re using a background image that ’s 80 px wide and 35 px high , you ’ll want to make sure that the default size for a box using this image is exactly 80 x 35 px .
However , if users resize the text , the box size will need to expand gracefully .
To resolve this problem , you can use the following code for a box with class = " box " :
.box
{
width : 80 px ;
height : 35 px ;
}
html>body .box
{
width : auto ;
height : auto ;
min-width : 80 px ;
min-height : 35 px ;
}
All browsers will read through the first CSS rule , but IE will ignore the second rule because it makes use of the child selector command .
Non-IE browsers will read through the second one , which will override the values from the first rule , because this CSS rule is more specific , and CSS rules that are more specific always override those that are less specific .
5. Text - transform Command
One of the lesser known , but really useful CSS commands is the text - transform command .
Three of the more common values for this rule are : text - transform : uppercase , text - transform : lowercase and text - transform : capitalize .
The first rule turns all characters into capital letters , the second turns them all into small letters , and the third makes the first letter of each word a capital letter .
This command is incredibly useful to help ensure consistency in style across an entire Website , particularly if it has a number of content editors .
Say for example your style guide dictates that words in headings must always begin with capital letters .
To ensure that this is always the case , use text - transform : capitalize .
Even if site editors forget about the capitalisation , their mistake wo n’t show up on the Website .
It ’s also preferable to use text - transform : uppercase to capitalise words , as screen readers may pronounce shorter words in capital letters as acronyms .
A great example of this is ‘ CONTACT US ’ , which is pronounced as ‘ contact U S ’ by some screen readers .
6. Disappearing Text or Images in IE ?
IE exhibits a very strange bug whereby text or background images sometimes disappear from sight .
These items are still actually present and , if you highlight everything on screen or hit refresh , they ’ll often re-appear .
Kind of strange , huh ?
This problem mostly occurs on background images and on text positioned next to a floated element .
To remedy the problem , simply insert position : relative into the CSS command for the disappearing element , and for some bizarre reason , that ’ll usually fix the problem .
If this does n’t work ( and sometimes , it does n’t ) , assign a width to the offending element in the CSS — that should fix the problem .
7. Invisible Text
Sometimes , you may actually want to make text invisible .
Invisible text can be especially useful for screen reader users , perhaps to assign a label to a form item , or insert a heading ahead of a section .
Do n’t want to change the visual appearance by inserting these elements ?
Make them invisible , and no one using a visual browser will know they ’re there .
You may also want to make text invisible if using a print or handheld CSS file , as some information may not need to be displayed on either of these mediums ( see below for more on this ) .
To make text invisible , you can use display : none — easy !
This works fine for hiding text from handhelds ( if CSS is supported ) and printed Web pages , but is n’t so great for many screen readers .
Screen readers are now becoming too clever for their own good , and some will actually ignore any text that has the rule display : none assigned to it .
Therefore , for screen readers users , a new approach is needed : position : absolute ; left : - 9000 px .
This basically takes the text and positions it 9000 px to the left of the left edge of the screen , essentially making it invisible .
8. CSS Document for Handhelds
A separate CSS document can be created for PDAs and mobile phones , and activated only when one of these devices is being used to access your site .
More and more Websites are creating separate CSS documents for printing , so Web pages automatically become print - friendly when users choose to print them .
You can do the same for handheld devices .
The following command is used to call up the CSS document for handhelds :
< link type =" text /css " rel=" stylesheet " href= " handheldstyle.css " media= " handheld " />
CSS commands in the handheld CSS file override any equivalent commands in the main CSS document .
So , what commands should you place in this file ?
Ideally , you want users of handheld devices to avoid having to scroll horizontally .
To test this , open up your Website in a regular browser window and resize it to 150 px in width .
Then , open up your main CSS file and insert some new commands at the very bottom of the document .
The commands you place here should adjust the layout of the Website so that it does n’t require horizontal scrolling at a width of 150 px .
Then , open up a new document , cut and paste these new commands over , and save it as handheldstyle.css ( or whatever name you want to give it ) .
Your Websites offering to users of handheld devices should be quite different to its offering to traditional Web browsers , as the user experience is quite different on a handheld device .
For further information , a book such as Handheld Usability , by S.W. Weiss , is a great read .
9. 3 -d Push Button Effect
Back in the early days of the Web , 3 - d buttons that appeared to become pushed in when moused over were all the rage .
At that time , this could only be achieved through images and JavaScript , but now , with the advent of CSS , we can go retro and re-create this 3 -d effect .
The main CSS commands you ’ll need are :
a {
display : block ;
border : 1 px solid ;
border - color : #aaa #000 #000 # aaa ;
width : 8em ;
background : #fc0 ;
}
a:hover
{
position : relative ;
top : 1 px ;
left : 1 px ;
border - color : #000 # aaa #aaa # 000 ;
}
Aside from these commands , you can insert other commands to achieve the desired presentation effect — the only limit is your imagination !
10 . Same Navigation Code on Every Page
Most Websites highlight the navigation item relating to each user ’s location within the Website , to help users orientate themselves .
This is a fundamental requirement for basic usability , but it can be a pain : we need to tweak the HTML code behind the navigation for each and every page .
Can we have the best of both worlds ?
Is it possible to have the navigation highlighted on every page , without having to tweak the HTML code on every page ?
Of course it is !
First of all , you ’ll need to assign a class to each navigation item :
< ul >
< li > < a href= " # " class = " home " >
Home </a></li>
< li > < a href= " # " class= " about " > About us </a></li>
< li > < a href= " # " class= " contact " >
Contact us </a></li>
</ul >
You ’ll then need to insert an id into the < body > tag .
The id should be representative of where users are located in the site , and should change when users move to a different site section .
When on the ‘ Home ’ page , it should read < body id =" home " > , in ‘ About Us ’ , it should read < body id =" about " > , and in ‘ Contact Us ’ , < body id =" contact " > .
Next , you create a new CSS rule :
#home .home , #about .about , #about .about , #contact .contact
{
commands for highlighted navigation go here
}
Should you take the chance on a boy you know is straight ?
Dear Max , there is this boy that I really like at school .
But he ...
Clare Regez , a Wengen - based real estate agent , says apartment values here range from 8,000 Swiss francs to 15,000 Swiss francs ( $ 7,980 to $ 14,964 ) per square meter , or around $ 725 to $ 1,360 a square foot , depending on the location , views and construction quality .
Mr. Hysinger considered setting up a hedge to guard against any change in currency values but ultimately decided to take out a franc - based mortgage for half the apartment ’s cost , to minimize the risk .
As it turned out , the franc has nearly doubled in value against the dollar during their eight years of ownership , giving the Hysingers an added benefit .
The Hysingers became Swiss residents in 2004 , but when they bought the apartment they were subject to the Lex - Koller - Friedrich law , which strictly circumscribes real estate purchases by foreigners .
Nonresidents can buy only one apartment with a maximum of about 200 square meters of living space , and only in tourist areas , like Wengen , St. Moritz and Davos .
In addition , any nonresident who wants to buy must get one of the handful of purchase permits that the Swiss federal government divides among the cantons each year .
Ms. Regez said there were almost always enough permits to go around in Wengen .
But in the neighboring canton of Valais , home to Crans Montana and Zermatt , the government temporarily halted new permits last year because of overbuilding , said Paul Sidebottom , the director of Alpine Switzerland , a luxury real estate brokerage based in Valais .
In the decade before the Hysingers bought in Wengen , its real estate values had stagnated .
In fact , they paid the same price for the apartment as the prior owner had 10 years before .
But in 2000 , the local government in Lauterbrunnen changed the regulations to allow 66 percent of the livable space in chalets to be owned by nonresidents , double the previous allowable amount .
( Only 37 percent of the Swiss own their own homes , according to Credit Suisse .
Ownership rates are among the lowest in Europe . )
The loosened rules helped stimulate the construction and real estate market in Wengen , leading to a period in which property values rose 15 to 20 percent a year .
HOW cool are those Gardasil Girls ?
Riding horses , flinging softballs , bashing away on drum sets : on the television commercials , they are pugnacious and utterly winning .
They want to be “ One Less , ” they chant  one less victim of cervical cancer .
Get vaccinated with Gardasil , they urge their sisters .
Protect yourselves against the human papillomavirus , or H.P.V. , which causes cervical cancer .
But someone ’s missing from this grrlpower tableau .
Ah , that would be Gardasil Boy .
Gardasil Girl ’s cancer - related virus ?
Sexually transmitted .
She almost certainly got it from him .
So far , Gardasil is approved just for girls .
They can be vaccinated when they are as young as 9 , although it ’s recommended for 11 - and 12 - year - olds , before they are sexually active .
As the commercials show , the pitch to Gardasil Girl ’s parents does n’t need to address sex : it ’s about protecting their daughter from a cancer .
Steve Clayton
7/17/2020
5 minutes to read
In this article
“ THE BEST WAY TO PREDICT THE FUTURE IS TO CREATE IT . ” - Peter Drucker
Greetings .
You may have noticed that things have been rather slow around here for a ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 03/28/2011
Gosh … I ’ve been nominated for a Niney !!
Surprised and honored especially with the ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 02/02/2011
A fun cartoon by Tom Gauld Tweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 01/28/2011
My latest official card – this one has my job title as Editor : Next at Microsoft – which ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 01/24/2011
I was inspired by Hugh ’s recent post on his portable studio , I got thinking about what I carry ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 01/17/2011
Art imitates life imitates art .
Poor girl … but too funny not to share .
… remind you of ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 01/15/2011
when your hobby becomes your job , you 'll never work another day in your life .
I 've gotten pretty ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 01/12/2011
spotted in Vegas…one Hugh MacLeod , looking well , drawing brilliantly and quick witted as ever .
Hats ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 01/09/2011
As you may have noticed , things have gotten pretty slow with updates to this blog of late – ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 01/08/2011
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/24/2010
Lovely work from GE and similar from Nike hat tip to FlowingData Tweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/23/2010
Enfield and Corbett .
Classic …and given Google is a verb , ironic that it did n’t make it ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/23/2010
I got sent a minifig of myself recently and they ’re scarily good .
Check ‘em out at ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/19/2010
One thing I ’ve been impressed by as I ’ve settled in to life in the US is the easy with ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/19/2010
Hugh ’s latest seemed entirely appropriate for Windows Phone 7 – this product has more ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/12/2010
Tweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/12/2010
Love this …and many more wallpapers from simpledesktops.com
Tweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/09/2010
Just in case anyone is listening ( pun ) , I absolutely definitely need these headphones .
This is not a ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/03/2010
Today is my thirteen year anniversary at Microsoft and though 13 is supposed to be an unlucky ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/01/2010
[ image credit – foxtrot.com ]
Kinect meets popular culture .
Tweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 12/01/2010
I was searching the Zune Marketplace today and happened across the Microsoft Store app for Windows ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/29/2010
Great to see British Airways have now embraced mobile boarding – alas not on Windows Phone 7 .
We ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/28/2010
I remember having to do a detention essay back in school when I was 16 on pointillism … it was boring ....
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/28/2010
The Kinect redirection continues – Herb Kim pointed me to a Flickr gallery by Audrey Penven who has ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/24/2010
…. but meantime , check out the latest Windows Phone 7 video of skydivers .
via adsoftheworld .comTweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/24/2010
I thought I ’d found most of the tricks Windows Phone 7 has up it ’s sleeve but no , this puppy ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/23/2010
A very nice find my by my UK pal Rob Margel ( though first spotted by the living legend that is ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/22/2010
My pal Kris
Hoet came across the poster below and suggested it was missing one evolution of the ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/22/2010
Well for starters , my Facebook feed is seeing a lot of the action shown above … and conversations ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/22/2010
You get a bunch of smart people together and tell them to go do what they do .
This short video shows ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/19/2010
What type of reader are you ?
I ’ve been trying to get a sense lately of the demographic of ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/18/2010
I left the Bellevue mall at 11 am and still there were HUGE lines to get in to the Microsoft Store ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/18/2010
Does Microsoft “ get ” social ?
Many would have you believe we do n’t but I ’d challenge that .
Xbox Live , ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/17/2010
our Windows guys are on a roll .
I love this video .
inspired by Lost Generation of course .
Tweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/16/2010
Do you want to know what went down in history right at the spot you ’re stood ?
That ’s what History ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/16/2010
Okay , maybe it ’s just me ( probably ) but I only just realized Windows Phone 7 has the ability to ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/16/2010
When I was back in college , the Cray supercomputer was a mythical thing – not least as it looked ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/16/2010
The latest Windows cloud ad includes the forthcoming Dell Inspiron Duo – YouTube version is also up ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/15/2010
Clean .
Elegant .
Simple … not words that people typically use when talking about Microsoft but that ’s ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/15/2010
I sure sign that I have been in the US for too long now – I noticed Geico , the ubiquitous car ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/14/2010
Love the Don Jonhson cameoTweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/12/2010
Windows has a sense of humour Tweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/12/2010
Nice new ad with subtle use of Windows Phone 7 … and Lewis Hamilton via Chris RawlinsonTweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/11/2010
This one is running with Orange in the UK .
Likin ’ it Tweet
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/09/2010
Wilson Rothman has a very solid list in his post " The first Windows Phone 7 apps you should ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/08/2010
Just saw this ad on UK TV and thought it was very cool .
Reminded me of some tech I have seen around ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/08/2010
I was only asking our Tag team last week when the Windows Phone 7 Tag application would arrive and ...
Author : stevecla01 Date : 11/08/2010
Next >
THE country 's intelligence watchdog , Ian Carnell , has called on the Federal Government to make substantial changes to anti-terrorism laws , saying some of them can hinder counter - terrorism efforts by unnecessarily antagonising Muslims .
In an interview with the Herald , Mr Carnell , the Inspector - General of Intelligence and Security , said there was a strong case for reviewing the strict rules that keep " national security " information secret in trials .
" My belief is that a key test for liberal democracies in the area of counter - terrorism is a willingness to revisit what was introduced when there was a sense of urgency and , if necessary , modify the measures to ensure effectiveness , balance and proportionality , " he said .
" This is particularly so if some aspects may be counter - productive , such as adding to the sense of alienation and discrimination which members of the Muslim communities can suffer . "
An alienated Islamic community not only provided more fertile ground for violent extremists to emerge , but discouraged Muslims from providing counter - terrorism authorities with vital information .
I move for a vote of no confidence Posted on April 18 , 2008 in Uncategorized
Related Posts On PBH & The Web No related posts .
From The PBH Network Hot On The Web
the subliterate cinephile
movies .
pretty pictures that move .
most suck .
like you .
Asia 's Wirtschaftswunder China Overtaking Germany as Third Biggest Economy
China 's economy is continuing to expand at a blistering rate -- with 11.5 percent growth in the third quarter of 2007 .
It is now poised to overtake Germany as the world 's third largest economy within weeks and will soon also take Germany 's crown as the world 's biggest exporter .
-- Select Teacher -- VIEW ALL Ajaan Thanissaro ( 79 ) Ajahn Amaro ( 21 ) Ajahn Chandako ( 2 ) Ajahn Jumnien ( 1 ) Ajahn Liem Thitadhammo ( 1 ) Ajahn Metta ( 3 ) Ajahn Pasanno ( 2 ) Ajahn Prasert ( 1 ) Ajahn Sucitto ( 22 ) Ajahn Sundara ( 15 ) Ajahn Thanasanti ( 1 ) Ajahn Thaniya ( 1 ) Ayya Anandabodhi ( 10 ) Ayya Santacitta ( 5 ) Ayya Santussika ( 16 ) Ayya Tathaaloka ( 2 ) Bhante Henepola Gunaratana ( 6 ) Bhante Piyananda ( 1 ) Bhante Sujato ( 1 ) Bhante Sujiva ( 6 ) Bhikkhu Analayo ( 4 ) Bhikkhu Bodhi ( 3 ) Daigan Gaither ( 1 ) Sayadaw U Jagara ( 5 ) Venerable Pannavati ( 1 ) Adrianne Ross ( 21 ) Alan Senauke ( 9 ) Alex Haley ( 3 ) Alexis Santos ( 41 ) Amana Brembry Johnson ( 2 ) Amy Saltzman ( 1 ) Andrea Castillo ( 201 ) Andrea Fella ( 1315 ) Andrew Getz ( 1 ) Andrew Olendzki ( 2 ) Andrew Wallace ( 2 ) Angie Boissevain ( 23 ) Angie Boissevain ( 1 ) Ani Lhadron ( 1 ) Anna Douglas ( 2 ) Annie Nugent ( 3 ) Anushka Fernandopulle ( 18 ) Ari Crellin - Quick ( 2 ) Ari Goldfield ( 2 ) Arlene Lueck ( 2 ) Art Jolly ( 1 ) Barbara Gates ( 1 ) Berget Jelane ( 117 ) Beth Goldring ( 11 ) Betsy Rose ( 4 ) Bhante Buddharakkhita ( 1 ) Bhikkhu Ananda ( 1 ) Bill Hart ( 3 ) Bill Kostura ( 2 ) Bill Weber ( 1 ) Blanche Hartman ( 5 ) Bob Stahl ( 24 ) Brian Lesage ( 26 ) Bruce Freedman ( 1 ) Bruce Hyman ( 5 ) bruni dávila ( 70 ) Carla Brennan ( 9 ) Carolyn Dille ( 17 ) Carrie Tamburo ( 7 ) Charlie Johnson ( 2 ) Cheryl Hylton ( 7 ) Cheryll Gasner ( 2 ) Chris Clifford ( 21 ) Cyndia Biver ( 1 ) Daigan Lueck ( 1 ) Dan Landry ( 2 ) Daniel Bowling ( 27 ) Darlene Cohen ( 3 ) David Cohn ( 61 ) David Lorey ( 4 ) Dawn Neal ( 8 ) Dawn Scott ( 2 ) Dhammaruwan ( 6 ) Diana Clark ( 296 ) Diana Winston ( 8 ) Don Johnson ( 8 ) Donald H. Flaxman ( 1 ) Donald Rothberg ( 24 ) Douglas Harding ( 1 ) Edward Brown ( 2 ) Eileen Messina ( 1 ) Eric Kolvig ( 3 ) Eric Wendt ( 1 ) Eugene Cash ( 2 ) Evan Kavanagh ( 1 ) Fiona Barner ( 1 ) Francisco Morillo Gable ( 8 ) Frank Ostaseski ( 3 ) Fred Luskin ( 1 ) Fred Porta ( 1 ) Fu Nancy Schroeder ( 2 ) Gay Watson ( 2 ) Gil Fronsdal ( 3361 ) Ginger Clarkson ( 1 ) Gloria Taraniya Ambrosia ( 25 ) Grace Burford ( 1 ) Greg Scharf ( 9 ) Gregory Kramer ( 1 ) Gulwinder ( Gullu ) Singh ( 5 ) Guy Armstrong ( 2 ) Heather Martin ( 18 ) Heather Sundberg ( 1 ) Hilary Borison ( 5 ) Howard Cohn ( 2 ) Hugh MacMillan ( 12 ) Imam Tahir Anwar ( 1 ) Ines Freedman ( 90 ) Jacques Verduin ( 9 ) Jaku Kinst ( 1 ) James Baraz ( 1 ) Jan Nattier ( 1 ) Jason Murphy ( 4 ) Jeff Hardin ( 4 ) Jeff Hylton ( 2 ) Jennifer Block ( 10 ) Jennifer Lemas ( 7 ) Jill Hyman ( 6 ) Jill Shepherd ( 6 ) Jim Bronson ( 27 ) Jim Podolske ( 35 ) Joan DePaoli ( 1 ) Joanna Macy ( 2 ) John Lewis ( 1 ) John Martin ( 8 ) John Peacock ( 10 ) John Travis ( 13 ) Jon Kabat - Zinn ( 3 ) José Luis Reissig ( 1 ) Joseph Bobrow ( 3 ) Joseph Goldstein ( 3 ) Judith Randall ( 1 ) Judy Cannon ( 4 ) Kamala Masters ( 4 ) Karen Zelin ( 1 ) Kate Munding ( 7 ) Kathy Cheney ( 7 ) Kelly McGonigal ( 1 ) Kevin Griffin ( 11 ) Kim Allen ( 97 ) Kim McLaughlin ( 3 ) Kim Moore ( 3 ) Kokai Roberts ( 1 ) Konin Cardenas ( 1 ) Larry Yang ( 4 ) Laura Crabb ( 1 ) Lauren Silver ( 1 ) Lee De Barros ( 2 ) Lee Lipp ( 2 ) Leigh Brasington ( 27 ) Lesley Grant ( 1 ) Lewis Richmond ( 4 ) Linda Ruth Cutts ( 1 ) Liz Powell ( 26 ) Lori Wong ( 4 ) Marc Lesser ( 2 ) Margaret Gainer ( 1 ) Maria Straatmann ( 115 ) Mark Abramson ( 4 ) Mark Coleman ( 6 ) Mark Neenan ( 1 ) Martin Aylward ( 1 ) Martine Batchelor ( 6 ) Mary Grace Orr ( 5 ) Mary Mocine ( 1 ) Matt McNeil ( 3 ) Matthew Brensilver ( 104 ) Max Erdstein ( 162 ) Meg Gawler ( 30 ) Mel Weitsman ( 17 ) Michael Newhall ( 2 ) Michael Wenger ( 1 ) Michelle Shields ( 1 ) Mirka Knaster ( 7 ) Misha Merrill ( 13 ) Mushim ( Patricia ) Ikeda ( 1 ) Nikki Mirghafori ( 266 ) Nirali Shah ( 2 ) No Teacher ( 3 ) Nona Olivia ( 3 ) Norman Fischer ( 9 ) Oren Jay Sofer ( 19 ) Pa Auk Sayadaw ( 1 ) Pablo González ( 1 ) Pamela Weiss ( 41 ) Paul Haller ( 39 ) Peter Overton ( 1 ) Phillip Moffitt ( 1 ) Rachel Lewis ( 1 ) Rebecca Bradshaw ( 10 ) Rebecca Dixon ( 21 ) Ren Bunce ( 1 ) Reverend Heng Sure ( 6 ) Richard Shankman ( 77 ) Richard Sievers ( 4 ) Rick Hanson ( 16 ) Rick Maddock ( 1 ) Rita Gross ( 4 ) Robert Beatty ( 1 ) Robert Cusick ( 71 ) Robert Thomas ( 1 ) Ronna Kabatznick ( 22 ) Rose Taylor Goldfield ( 2 ) Ruth King ( 9 ) Sally Clough ( 2 ) Sandra Sanabria ( 2 ) Santikaro ( 7 ) Sayadaw U Tejaniya ( 8 ) Sean Kerr ( 6 ) Seth Castleman ( 4 ) Shahara Godfrey ( 1 ) Shaila Catherine ( 38 ) Shanti Soule ( 5 ) Shantum Seth ( 1 ) Sharda Rogell ( 5 ) Sharon Salzberg ( 5 ) Shelley Gault ( 2 ) Shin Kwan Park ( 24 ) Shinzen Young ( 5 ) Sister Susila ( 2 ) Smita Joshi ( 2 ) Spring Washam ( 3 ) Stephen Batchelor ( 7 ) Stephen Fulder ( 1 ) Steve Armstrong ( 20 ) Steve Stuckey ( 5 ) Steve Stucky ( 1 ) Steve Weintraub ( 2 ) Steven Gasner ( 5 ) Stuart Clancy ( 1 ) Surja Tjahaja ( 1 ) Susan Ezequelle ( 22 ) Susan O'Connell ( 1 ) Susie Harrington ( 4 ) Tanya Wiser ( 27 ) Tara Brach ( 1 ) Tara Mulay ( 5 ) Teah Strozer ( 2 ) Tempel Smith ( 9 ) Teresa Abdala - Romano ( 1 ) Therese Fitzgerald ( 1 ) Tim Burkett ( 1 ) Toni Bernhard ( 3 ) Tony Bernhard ( 24 ) Tony Patchell ( 1 ) Various ( 8 ) Victor Medina ( 2 ) Victoria Austin ( 6 ) Vinny Ferraro ( 6 ) Walt Opie ( 1 ) Wendy Johnson ( 1 ) Wes Nisker ( 9 ) Will Kabat - Zinn ( 3 ) Xi He ( 1 ) Ying Chen ( 19 ) Yvonne Rand ( 1 )
Title Speaker Length
Mindfulness of Oneself ( 2 of 5 ) Selfing and Its Influences Gil Fronsdal 18:00
Guided Meditation : Quieting the Mind Gil Fronsdal 30:38
Spurred to Practice Diana Clark 29:52
Guided Meditation : Inspiration Diana Clark 30:58
Happy Hour : Eight Pillars of Joy -- Perspective Nikki Mirghafori 52:58
Guided Meditation : Meditating with Self - Respect Gil Fronsdal 30:47
Mindfulness of Oneself ( 1 of 5 ) Finding the Treasure of Oneself Gil Fronsdal 14:58
The Buddha as an Activist Gil Fronsdal 32:57
Guided Meditation : Healing Inner Divides Gil Fronsdal 33:29
Happy Hour : Connection and Community Nikki Mirghafori 53:25
Mindful Letting Go ( 5 of 5 ) Liberating Absence and Relinquishment Gil Fronsdal 12:48
Guided Meditation : Mindful of Absence Gil Fronsdal 30:16
Conversations on Not-Self : The Five Aggregates Andrea Fella 30:58
Conversations on Not-Self ( Guided Meditation ) The Five Aggregates ( Body and Mind ) Andrea Fella 23:10
Happy Hour : Suffering and Not-suffering Diana Clark 45:30
Mindful Letting Go ( 4 of 5 ) Allowing Release Gil Fronsdal 11:23
Guided Meditation : Release Gil Fronsdal 34:21
Happy Hour : Blossoming of the Heart Diana Clark 42:33
Mindful Letting Go ( 3 of 5 ) Letting Go as Generosity Gil Fronsdal 11:59
Happy Hour : Non-Perfection Diana Clark 43:14
Mindful Letting Go ( 2 of 5 ) Wise Letting Go Gil Fronsdal 13:44
Guided Meditation : Letting Go Into Gil Fronsdal 30:51
Inquiring Diana Clark 28:19
Guided Meditation : Inquiry Diana Clark 32:17
Happy Hour : Participation in Co-creation Nikki Mirghafori 54:04
Mindful Letting Go ( 1 of 5 ) Learning Go and Letting Be Gil Fronsdal 14:28
Happy Hour : Generosity of Spirit Nikki Mirghafori 55:15
Guided Meditation : Mindful Letting Go Gil Fronsdal 31:42
Mindfulness of the Body ( 5 of 5 ) Concluding Instruction Gil Fronsdal 13:00
Conversations on Not-Self : Collective Identities Andrea Fella 32:36
Guided Meditation Andrea Fella 14:08
Happy Hour : Building Bridges Diana Clark 39:03
Mindfulness of the Body ( 4 of 5 ) Physically Calming the Mind Gil Fronsdal 10:41
Guided Meditation : Relaxing the Body to Relax the Mind Gil Fronsdal 31:45
Happy Hour : Loving - kindness for the body Diana Clark 45:42
Mindfulness of the Body ( 3 of 5 ) Embodied Joy Gil Fronsdal 13:50
Guided Meditation : Receptive to Harmless Joy Gil Fronsdal 32:23
Happy Hour : Kindness as Ending Suffering Diana Clark 45:54
Mindfulness of Body : Anatomical Parts and Death Contemplation Andrea Fella 44:00
Guided Meditation Andrea Fella 16:40
Mindfulness of the Body ( 2 of 5 ) Calmness Surfaces Goodness Gil Fronsdal 12:25
Guided Meditation : Relaxation and Clarity Gil Fronsdal 32:45
Questioning Diana Clark 26:46
Guided Meditation : Bringing Curiosity Diana Clark 29:39
Happy Hour : the Body as the Basis of Friendliness and Goodwill Nikki Mirghafori 53:20
Mindfulness of the Body ( 1 of 5 ) The Conscious Body Gil Fronsdal 12:31
Guided Meditation : Relaxation and Receptivity Gil Fronsdal 31:34
The Buddha Taught Action Gil Fronsdal 32:46
Guided Meditation : Relaxation as Foundational Gil Fronsdal 35:15
Resilience and Gladdening Our Mind in Challenging Times Nikki Mirghafori 2:29:29
Happy Hour : Gratitude and Vicarious Joy Nikki Mirghafori 52:39
Guided Meditation : Non-Clinging and Non-Blockage Gil Fronsdal 30:22
Mindfulness of Emotions ( 5 of 5 ) Closing Down or Opening Up Gil Fronsdal 16:03
The Eight Worldly Winds with Jenn Lemas , Chris Clifford , David Cohn ( Series ) Jennifer Lemas 45:12
Conversations on Not -Self : " Othering " as a Form of Selfing Andrea Fella 30:26
Guided Meditation Andrea Fella 14:09
Happy Hour : The Spirit of Discovery Diana Clark 46:21
Guided Meditation : The Inner LIfe Gil Fronsdal 31:09
Mindfulness of Emotions ( 4 of 5 ) Quality of the Inner Life .
Gil Fronsdal 15:22
Happy Hour : Goodwill and Conflict Nikki Mirghafori 52:34
Mindfulness of Emotions ( 3 of 5 ) Emotions and Feelings Gil Fronsdal 13:39
Guide Meditation : Balance Gil Fronsdal 32:05
Happy Hour : Kindness as Boldness Diana Clark 46:48
Mindfulness of Emotions ( 2 of 5 ) Emotions in the Body Gil Fronsdal 14:53
Guided Meditation : Breathing with Emotions Gil Fronsdal 33:38
Practice Meets Life Diana Clark 29:21
Guided Meditation : Bringing All of Ourselves to Practice Diana Clark 31:04
Happy Hour : Embodied Receptive Metta Nikki Mirghafori 53:24
Mindfulness of Emotions ( 1 of 5 ) Introduction Gil Fronsdal 12:16
Guided Meditation : Giving Freedom to Emotions Gil Fronsdal 32:04
Mindfulness of Emotions ( Series ) Gil Fronsdal 3:51:36
Eightfold Path Program 2020 - 2021 ( Series ) Tanya Wiser 1:46:35
Guided Med : Embodied Deep Listening ; Dharma Talk : Listening non-judgmentally internally & externally Nikki Mirghafori 61:08
Fabrication ( Sankhara ) with Ajaan Thanissaro ( Geoff ) ( Series ) Ajaan Thanissaro 3:00:26
Happy Hour : Soothing Metta Nikki Mirghafori 53:53
Guided Meditation : Not Clinging to Thoughts Gil Fronsdal 32:12
Mindfulness of Thinking ( 5 of 5 ) The Joy of Not Clinging to Thoughts Gil Fronsdal 13:54
Conversations on Not -Self :
Is there an impermanent , changing self ?
Andrea Fella 29:59
Happy Hour : Care and Confidence Diana Clark 48:20
Mindfulness of Thinking ( 4 of 5 ) Beyond Thinking Gil Fronsdal 12:57
Guided Meditation : The Space Around Thoughts Gil Fronsdal 31:34
Happy Hour : Embodied Gratitude , and Sharing Sangha - Love Nikki Mirghafori 55:08
Mindfulness of Thinking ( 3 of 5 ) Types of Thinking Gil Fronsdal 13:48
Guided Meditation : Thinking vs Knowing Gil Fronsdal 33:03
Happy Hour : Gentle Strength of Compassion with Quan Yin Nikki Mirghafori 47:48
Mindfulness of Body : Exploring the Elemental Experience of the Body Andrea Fella 32:52
Guided Meditation : Mindfulness of Body - Elements Andrea Fella 20:23
Mindfulness of Thinking ( 2 of 5 ) The Process of Thinking Gil Fronsdal 15:25
Introducción a la meditación insight / vipassana ( mindfulness ) Parte II ( 8 de 8 ) : Apreciando la ausencia de los obstáculos bruni dávila 54:48
Guided Meditation : Mindful of the Process of Thinking Gil Fronsdal 30:21
Influence Diana Clark 29:36
Guided Meditation : Sitting Together Diana Clark 26:13
Mindfulness of Thinking ( 1 of 5 ) Recognizing Thinking Gil Fronsdal 15:03
Guided Meditation : Settling Thoughts Gil Fronsdal 30:32
Mindfulness of Thinking ( Series ) Gil Fronsdal 3:48:53
Social Justice Through a Buddhist Lens Gil Fronsdal 25:43
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
If you can stomach one minute and thirty seconds of a tenant / landlord dispute over an elevator in New York City , you ’re in for a treat .
Because this video ends with a hilarious 15 second on - air argument between a reporter and an anchor that is very personal .
Poor Ollie .
He ’s not the boss of anyone anymore .
http://view.break.com/467869 –
Watch more free videos
Why is this a news story anyway ?
And did the landlord ’s representative throw in a fist pump at the end of the interview ?
( H/ T The Plank )
San Francisco - The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) is urging Microsoft Corporation to fix the problems it will cause when it shuts down the MSN Music validation servers , making it impossible for customers to transfer their music files to new computers or even upgrade their operating system .
In an open letter sent to Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Steve Ballmer today , EFF outlines five steps Microsoft must take to make things right for MSN Music customers -- including a issuing a public apology , providing refunds or replacement music files , and launching a substantial publicity campaign to make sure all customers know their options .
" MSN Music customers trusted Microsoft when it said that this was a safe way to buy music , and that trust has been betrayed , " said EFF Staff Attorney Corynne McSherry .
" If Microsoft is prepared to treat MSN Music customers like this , is there any reason to suppose that future customers wo n't get the same treatment ? "
MSN Music sold song downloads encumbered with digital rights management ( DRM ) , allowing the music to be played only on approved devices .
If you upgraded your computer or operating system , you needed to " reauthorize " your music files with MSN Music 's DRM server .
But last week , Microsoft announced that it would deactivate those servers because of the complexity of maintaining the technology -- meaning that customers face losing the ability to play their purchased music if they get a new computer or if the hard drive crashes on the old one .
Microsoft 's only suggestion for customers so far is to export all purchases onto a CD and then recopy it back onto new computers .
" Microsoft is asking its customers to spend more time , labor , and money to make degraded copies of music that was purchased in good faith , " said EFF Executive Director Shari Steele .
" This outcome was easily foreseeable from the moment Microsoft chose to wrap MSN Music files in DRM .
Microsoft customers should not have to pay for Microsoft 's bad business decisions . "
EFF 's letter also calls on Microsoft to eliminate DRM from its Zune music service now -- or at least to publicly commit to compensating future customers for the inevitable future DRM debacles .
" With MSN Music , Microsoft has admitted just how expensive , clumsy , and unfair DRM is .
It 's time for Microsoft to reject this sloppy technology , and for customers to demand something better , " McSherry said .
For the full open letter :
http://www.eff.org/press/archives/2008/04/28/microsoft-open-letter
Contact :
Corynne McSherry
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
corynne@eff.org
My head is spinning , but not because I 'm the Editor - in - Chief of this site , clocking mad hours , and spending many a sleepless night .
Nay , it 's spinning after the dozen or so " rolleyes " I dropped reading Matt Ritchel 's " In Web World of 24/7 Stress , Writers Blog Till They Drop , " in today 's NY Times .
The article is fun , but also a bit of a nipple - twister , leaving you laughing but also in need of punching someone in the face .
( Fortunately we learn that our pal Brian Lam , EIC of Gizmodo , is used to being punched in the face , so I 'm gonna take him up on the offer next time I see him . )
But I digress ...
The article 's red thread is that blogging is high stress .
Okay , scratch that .
The article 's red thread is that for - profit , news - oriented , break - news - at - all - costs blogging in a startup environment is high stress .
Such blogging , as it turns out , is demanding .
It takes hard work .
Long hours .
And , my God , why did n't someone tell me this before I started this company : apparently blogging can kill .
The impetus ( or at least the emotional hook ) for the NY Times article were two deaths in the blogging community , and one close call : Russell Shaw died at 60 of a heart attack , Marc Orchant died at 50 of a massive coronary , and Om Malik had a close call only a few months ago .
Of course , there 's no proof blogging had anything to do with any of these everyday events that affect peoples of all race , creed , color , and profession , but ... well it 's just so hard being a pro-blogger , you see .
Bloggers see stress quite unlike airline pilots , soldiers , ER docs , air traffic controllers ... you know , the guys that have it easy .
So some pro bloggers are very stressed , it would seem , because they have their noses to the ground constantly sniffing for new stories , and hoping not to get the brown stuff on the tip .
Indeed , this is perhaps my biggest complaint with the article 's scope : it takes the lifestyles / choices of but a few , and projects them upon " A growing work force of home - office laborers and entrepreneurs , armed with computers and smartphones and wired to the hilt , [ who ] are toiling under great physical and emotional stress created by the around - the - clock Internet economy that demands a constant stream of news and comment . "
Yet these " bloggers " that were interviewed are all guys obsessed with breaking news stories .
Ritchel even repeats the untruth that : " If a blogger is beaten by a millisecond , someone else 's post on the subject will bring in the audience , the links and the bigger share of the ad revenue . "
This is not how publishing online really works in this highly - decentralized , aggregation / portal - driven business .
It 's far , far more complex , especially for sites with large communities around them , like Ars .
More obviously , breaking news is not the only thing bloggers , iReporters , or even the " professionals , " do .
Consider also the comments of Doc Searls , writing in response to the article : " There is a difference in kind between writing to produce understanding and writing to produce money , even when they overlap .
There are matters of purpose to consider , and how one drives ( or even corrupts ) the other . "
To this I would add : there is a difference in writing to be quick , and writing for understanding , or some other purpose ( like context , analysis , etc ) .
The most worthwhile comments in the article come paraphrased from Brian Lam , who points out that the " journalism " in all of this is sometimes being lost in favor of pageviews and clicks , thanks to the the turn to quickness .
What Ritchel has really cataloged is how some people react to placing themselves in the 24/7 breaking - news cycle , where they are defining value in terms of being first .
Sure , starting and running your own business is not a cake walk , if you mean to do it well .
Still , the decisions you make are yours ; they are not foisted upon you .
Nor are your options so limited in the blogging world that the only way you can hope to contribute , or even make a buck , is by breaking news .
At the end of the day , the article is disappointing because it entertains no alternative voices .
No , not everyone in this business thinks that speed trumps all , or that sexy news is the only news worth covering .
Some of the best blogs are n't even about " news . "
Jon Stokes ' parents own a radiator shop down in Louisiana — not even a startup — and they like to say , " the great thing about being a small business owner is that you get to pick which 70 hours a week you want to work . "
Adding an Internet connection , PC , keyboard , and mouse to the equation does n't change the life / work balance we all must find or create .
And surely it 's just coincidence , but Jon 's dad , having run his small business his whole adult life , had a heart scare only a few months ago .
Maybe he should take it down a notch and start a blogging company .
So I promised some more technical discussion of App Engine than my last two posts .
Here it is :
Google App Engine uses a somewhat CGI - like model .
That is , a script is run , and it uses stdin / stdout / environ to handle the requests .
To avoid the overhead of CGI a process can be reused by defining __main__.main ( ) .
But while a process can be reused , it might not be , and of course it might get run on an entirely separate server .
So in many ways it ’s like the CGI model , with a small optimization so that , particularly under load , your requests can run with less latency .
This part is all well and good .
I ’ve already come to terms with servers going up and down without warning .
But the environment itself has a number of other restrictions .
It seems that App Engine is providing security in the language itself .
The interpreter has been modified so that code is sandboxed , with no ability to write to the disk , open sockets , import C extensions , and see quite a few things in its environment .
It ’s these things that are a bit harder to come to terms with .
While they claim it supports any Python framework , these restrictions do n’t actually make it easy .
So for the last few days quite a few of us have been hacking various things to get stuff working .
The first thing people noticed is that Mako and Genshi did n’t work , because they use the ast ( via the parser module ) to handle the templating , and that module has been restricted .
Apparently arbitrary bytecode is not safe in this environment , and so anything that can produce bytecode is considered dangerous .
From what I understand Philip Jenvy has been working on Mako and the trunk is currently working .
He ’d already been doing work to get Mako working on Jython , which had similar issues .
Genshi is also in progress and fairly close to working , though with some missing features .
Genshi has the harder task as Mako was primarily reading the ast , while Genshi was writing it .
The first thing I noticed is that Setuptools does n’t work .
I ’m flattered that one of the only 3 libraries included with App Engine is WebOb , but of course I am more enamored of a rich set of reusable libraries .
Setuptools did n’t work because several modules and functions have been removed — this like os.open , os.uname , imp.acquire_lock , etc .
Some of these are kind of reasonable , while others are not .
The removal of many functions from imp does n’t really make sense , for instance ( I think the motivation was the difficulty of auditing the implementation of those functions , not that the functionality itself is dangerous ) .
And while some functions ca n’t be used in the environment , the fact you ca n’t import those functions is more problematic .
For instance , The Setuptools ’ pkg_resources module has support to unzip eggs when they are imported .
App Engine does n’t support importing from zip files at all , and you certainly can’t unzip to a temporary location .
But withoutthe necessary modules and objects pkg_resources wo n’t even import .
To work around this I started a new project : appengine - monkey , which adds several monkeypatches and replacement dummy modules to the environment to simulate a more typical environment .
It ’s just a small list so far ( mostly in this module ) , but I expect as people experiment with other libraries the list will increase .
For example , I would welcome implementations of things like httplib on top of urlfetch in this library .
( Implementing httplib and stubbing out parts of socket would probably make urllib run . )
But the good news is that Pylons is pretty much working on App Engine , as is Setuptools and you can manage your libraries using virtualenv .
The instructions are all located in the appengine - monkey Pylons wiki page .
Please leave comments if you have improvements or problems with that process .
I also welcome contributors and developers to the project itself — this is a project for expediting App Engine development , it is not a project I care to champion or control .
Or support to any large degree .
One ticket which is rather important is the apparent maximum number of files and blobs : 1000 .
Libraries involve lots of files , and the base Pylons install is only barely under this limit .
Now I just wish I could use lxml , but that ’s probably going to be a long time coming .
Update :
As of April 2009 these issues were fixed ; it took a year , but at least it ’s done .
The 1000 file limit has been relaxed ( 1000 code plus 1000 static ) but still exists .
lxml remains unlikely .
Illustration by Steve Carroll
In 1954 , at the dawn of nuclear power , Lewis Strauss , the head of the Atomic Energy Commission , promised that we were entering an age when electricity would be “ too cheap to meter ” .
That did not happen , mostly because the risks of nuclear energy hugely increased its costs .
But what if electricity had in fact become virtually free ?
The answer is that everything that electricity touched — which is to say nearly everything — would have been transformed .
We would be using electricity for as many things as we could — we would waste it , because it was so cheap that it was n't worth worrying about efficiency .
All buildings would be electrically heated .
We would all be driving electric cars .
Desalination plants would turn sea water into all the fresh water anyone could want , irrigating vast inland swathes and turning deserts into fertile acres , many of them making biofuels .
Compared with free electrons , fossil fuels would be seen as ludicrously expensive and dirty , and so carbon emissions would plummet .
The phrase “ global warming ” would never enter the language .
Unlikely ?
Just such a transformation is already under way , but not in electricity .
What is getting too cheap to meter is processing power , storage , bandwidth and all the other enabling technologies of the digital revolution .
Thanks to the exponential doublings of Moore 's Law and its equivalents for hard drives and communications , the cost of a given unit of computation , storage or transmission is inexorably dropping towards zero .
One of the first to notice this and consider its implications was a Caltech professor named Carver Mead .
In the late 1970s he was reflecting on the amazing learning curve that the combination of quantum mechanics and information science had started on the surface of silicon wafers .
Like Moore before him , he could see that the 18 - month doublings in performance would continue to stretch out as far as anyone could see .
But he went one step further to consider what that implied about computers .
He realised that we should start “ wasting ” them .
Be the first to give away what others charge for
Waste is a dirty word , and no more so than in the 1970s and 1980s .
An entire generation of computer professionals had come to power doing just the opposite .
In the glass - walled computer facilities of the mainframe era , they exercised their power in deciding whose programs should be allowed to run on the expensive computing machines .
Among Mead 's disciples was Alan Kay , working at Xerox 's Palo Alto Research Centre .
Rather than conserve transistors for core processing functions , he developed a computer that would frivolously throw them at such silly things as drawing icons , windows , pointers and even animations on the screen .
The point of this profligate eye candy ?
It was ease of use for regular folks , a previously neglected market .
Kay 's work became the inspiration for the Apple Macintosh , which changed the world by opening computing to the rest of us .
Today the same is happening in everything from bandwidth to storage .
The learning curves of technology cut prices at a rate never before seen .
The cost of storing or transmitting a kilobyte of data really is now too cheap to meter .
Soon the same will be true for a megabyte , and then soon after that a terabyte .
And the internet touches nearly as much of our economy as electricity did when Lewis Strauss issued his prediction .
Creative disruption
Bandwidth too cheap to meter brought us YouTube , which is revolutionising ( and possibly destroying ) the traditional television industry , and Skype , which is hollowing out the phone industry .
Storage too cheap to meter brought us Gmail , which in 2004 upended the webmail market by increasing — free — the capacity available to all by a factor of 1,000 , to say nothing of the huge free photo capacity of Flickr or MySpace 's invitation to put anything on your personal page for no cost .
Before the iPod , people were n't asking to carry their entire music collection in their pockets .
But Steve Jobs and a few others at Apple understood the economics of storage abundance .
They could see that disk drives were gaining capacity for the same price even faster than computer processors were .
Demand for massive music collections was n't driving this — physics and engineering were .
Anyone could extrapolate the curves and see what was around the corner , but only the Apple engineers “ listened to the technology ” , to use Mead 's phrase , and saw that putting 10,000 songs on a drive smaller than a deck of playing cards was going to be possible by 2001 .
The dominant business model on the internet today is making money by giving things away .
Much of that is merely the traditional media model of using free content to build audiences and selling access to them to advertisers .
But an increasing amount of it falls into the free - sample model : because it is so cheap to offer digital services online , it does n't matter if 99 % of your customers are using the free version of your services so long as 1 % are paying for the “ premium version ” .
After all , 1 % of a big number can also be a big number .
In 2008 , the year of free , Yahoo ! will go one better than Google and expand its free webmail to infinity .
More music labels will give away music as a promotion for concerts , following Prince 's free distribution of his album in Britain 's Daily Mail in 2007 and Radiohead 's offer to let fans choose their price — free , if they want — when they download the latest album .
And more newspapers will publish their content free on the internet .
All this marks a pattern .
When the cost of serving a single customer is trending to zero , smart companies will charge nothing .
Today , the disrupter 's motto is “ Be the first to give away what others charge for ” .
If you listen to the technology , it makes sense .
Chris Anderson : editor - in - chief , Wired magazine ; author of “ The Long Tail ” ( Hyperion and Random House )
The Bush Boom
53 of 67 people found the following review helpful :
Finally !
A book that proves the existence of an alternate universe .
Obviously , a rip in the space / time continuum between this universe and the other universe where Bush is presiding over a ' boom economy ' opened up and this book fell through .
Can there be ANY other explanation ?
Source - Amazon .Com
The Strangest College Field Trip I Ever Heard Of
Oops !
Programmer Destroys Multibillion Industry With A Single Software Application
Oregon Man Says He ’s Pregnant … And The Bizarre Part - It ’s True .
10 Awesome Pieces Of Furniture Made From Used Bike Parts
Scientists : Clueless Guys Can’t Read Women
Special Feature
Why did millions of money - making post - holiday clicks suddenly disappear from the world 's largest search engine ?
It depends on who you ask .
Some people blame a soft economy , insisting that Google is well on its way to piddling quarterly revenues .
But Google disagrees .
CEO Eric Schmidt and company claim that they planned the whole thing - that this dip in paid clicks indicates that both Google and its advertisers are richer than ever .
We 'd like to tell you who 's right and who 's wrong .
But that 's impossible .
Google 's ad system is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
That 's how Google likes it .
If you can't see inside Google 's ad system , Google has the power to make more money .
When the company says it 's richer than ever before , it may be telling the truth .
But it may be fudging the truth when it comes to advertisers - especially the small guys .
On February 25 , the online researchers at comScore unveiled a new report detailing Google 's " paid click rate . "
According to the report , already the stuff of legend , seven per cent fewer people clicked on Google advertisements from December to January .
Web pundits everywhere were sure that Google had fallen victim to an anemic economy , and the company 's stock price took the requisite tumble , dropping almost 10 per cent over the next two days .
Then comScore " clarified " its report , presenting the vanishing clicks as part of Google 's master plan to improve the " quality " of ads and therefore increase revenue .
Naturally , Google backed them up , telling everyone it's on a mission to eliminate " unintentional clicks . "
" Conversions actually go up for advertisers , which is positive , but there are less clicks overall , " Tim Armstrong , Google 's president of North America advertising and commerce , told MarketWatch .
Believe it or not , comScore 's Google - placating argument is at least partially true .
In all likelihood , Google 's first quarter numbers will look just fine .
The company has far more control over revenues than the world realizes .
The Google Enigma
The question is whether Google has too much control .
The truth is that Google 's commitment to quality ads goes only so far .
Google is n't above boosting revenues at the expense of advertisers - particularly the small and inexperienced kind .
The company can afford to do so .
It controls almost 60 per cent of the search market .
Automatic for the People
Late last month , just as comScore 's report hit the web , Google sent an email to at least a few members of its flagship adverting program , AdWords .
With AdWords , online businesses can arrange for their very own ads to appear in response to keyword searches .
The program is billed as " an auction . "
If a business bids high enough , its ad will appear each time someone searches on a particular term , or collection of terms .
And each time someone clicks on the ad , the business pays Google somewhere south of its bid - until the campaign reaches a daily budget .
Of course , there are days when a campaign does n't reach its daily budget , when an ad receives fewer clicks than normal .
And that 's where Google 's late February email comes into play .
The email notified certain AdWords users that Google was tweaking their ad campaigns to include something called " automatic matching . "
With this AdWords " feature , " Google automatically grabs an advertiser 's excess budget and uses it to post ads against keywords other than those the advertiser is actually bidding on .
" Automatic Matching automatically extends your campaign 's reach by using surplus budget to serve your ads on relevant search queries that are not already triggered by your keyword lists , " Google 's email reads .
" For example , if you sold Adidas shoes on your website , Automatic Matching would automatically crawl your landing page and target your campaigns to queries such as ' shoes , ' ' adidas , ' ' athletic , ' etc. , and less obvious ones such as ' slippers ' that our system has determined will benefit you and likely lead to a conversion on your site . "
In other words , Google will automatically take the money an advertiser is n't spending and spend it on searches the advertiser has n't explicitly approved .
For the average advertiser , this is not a good idea .
April 28 , 2008 – 11:53 pm
Ever wanted to play a game that has no purpose or ending ?
Falling Sand is a Java - based ‘ game ’ of sorts that lets you manipulate various materials and watch as it interacts with gravity and each other .
The Falling Sand game is n’t so much a game , as it is a toy box of simulation experimentation .
Upon visiting a site , you are presented with a blank screen where a cascade of different colors fall from the top .
Each of the colors represent a material ; sand , water and salt .
At the bottom of the screen is your ‘ controls ’ where you can select and add your own elements onto the screen .
Simplest is the ‘ wall ’ element that you can draw lines to redirect the falling elements by building ‘ channels ’ .
Other elements include fire , plant , oil and other various elements .
You can also control the volume of the materials that fall from any point of the screen .
So , there is no ‘ purpose ’ or ‘ end ’ to this game , but more of an area to build an environment that interacts with free flowing elements on the screen .
Users has released different version of the Falling Sand game :
I used the page to build and test a drainage system that I was planning to lay out on in the yard .
( I know , boring ) I wanted to see how the water would flow out from two points of a gutter system that were at varying vertical heights .
Of course , you do n’t have to use this website for exciting drainage issues in your yard , but its a cool interactive online app / game that you can play with and even burn zombies if you like !
Similar : phun ( A desktop version that seems more accurate in the simulation )
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
In a shocking price cut , Intel trimmed the price of the Q6700 Core 2 Quad processor in half , and trimmed the price of other processors by as much as 30 percent .
In all , Intel reduced the price of fourteen processors , ranging from the mainstream desktop to its Xeon line for servers .
The company also introduced several new models .
The most noteworthy reduction , however , was the Q6700 , now priced at $ 266 , down from $ 530 .
Intel also slashed the price of the corresponding Xeon processor , the X3230 , in half as well , to $ 266 as well .
Both chips run at 2.66 GHz , and include an 8 Mbyte cache .
The company also launched the Core 2 Duo E8300 ( 6M Cache , 2.83 GHz , 1333 MHz FSB ) at $ 163 , and the Core 2 Duo Processor E7200 ( 3M Cache , 2.53 GHz , 1066 MHz FSB ) at $ 133 .
Intel did not give any specifics as to the reasons for the cuts , which the company usually attributes to seasonal pricing adjustments .
“ We continue to provide greater value to users over time , as we ’ve been doing for many years , ” Intel spokesman Dan Snyder said in an email .
“ Also , 45 nm continues to ramp at a rapid pace , with shipment cross over sometime in Q3’08 . ”
Intel ’s 45 - nm fabrication processes theoretically allow the company to produce its processors more cheaply than rival AMD , which said last week that it will begin shipping volume shipments of 45 - nm parts this summer , with products appearing in the fall .
To maintain its profit margin , AMD has had to play an increasingly complex game of minimizing its manufacturing costs while maintaining as high as selling price as possible , in order to fund future development and manufacturing .
Intel also trimmed the price of the Q6600 , a 2.40 - GHz quad - core chip , from $ 266 to $ 224 , a difference of 16 percent .
The price of both the Q6700 and Q6600 are now even more in the ballpark of AMD ’s Phenom processor , and the reductions will place even more pressure on AMD ’s triple - core Phenom offerings .
The company also reduced the price of the E6850 , a 3.00 - GHz dual - core processor with 4 Mbytes of cache , from $ 266 to $ 183 , a decline of 31 percent .
All of Intel ’s pricing moves were published on its Web site , and are summarized below .
CPU Previous Price Current Price % Change Intel® Core2 Quad Processor Q6700 ( 8M Cache , 2.66 GHz , 1066 MHz FSB ) $ 530 $ 266 50 % Intel® Core 2 Quad Processor Q6600 ( 8M Cache , 2.40 GHz , 1066 MHz FSB ) $ 266 $ 224 16 % Intel® Core 2 Duo Processor E8300 ( 6M Cache , 2.83 GHz , 1333 MHz FSB ) – $ 163 0 % Intel® Core 2 Duo Processor E7200 ( 3M Cache , 2.53 GHz , 1066 MHz FSB ) – $ 133 0 % Intel® Core 2 Duo Processor E6850 ( 4M Cache , 3.00 GHz , 1333 MHz FSB ) $ 266 $ 183 31 % Intel® Core 2 Duo Processor E4600 ( 2M Cache , 2.40 GHz , 800 MHz FSB ) $ 133 $ 113 15 % Intel® Pentium ® Dual - Core Processor E2200 ( 1M Cache , 2.20 GHz , 800 MHz FSB ) $ 84 $ 74 12 % Intel® Pentium ® Dual - Core Processor E2180 ( 1M Cache , 2.00 GHz , 800 MHz FSB ) $ 74 $ 64 14 % Intel® Celeron ® Dual - Core Processor E1400 ( 512K Cache , 2.00 GHz , 800 MHz FSB ) – $ 53 0 % Intel® Celeron ® Dual - Core Processor E1200 ( 512K Cache , 1.60 GHz , 800 MHz FSB ) $ 53 $ 43 19 % Intel® Celeron ® Processor 440 ( 512K Cache , 2.00 GHz , 800 MHz FSB ) $ 53 $ 44 17 % Intel® Celeron® Processor 430 ( 512 K Cache , 1.80 GHz , 800 MHz FSB ) $ 44 $ 34 23 % Intel® Celeron® Processor 570 ( 1M Cache , 2.66 GHz , 533 MHz FSB ) – $ 134 0 % Intel® Celeron ® Processor 560 ( 1M Cache , 2.13 GHz , 533 MHz FSB ) $ 134 $ 107 20 % Intel® Celeron ® Processor 550 ( 1M Cache , 2.00 GHz , 533 MHz FSB ) $ 107 $ 86 20 % Quad - Core Intel® Xeon® Processor X3230 ( 8M Cache , 2.66 GHz , 1066 MHz FSB ) $ 530 $ 266 50 % Quad - Core Intel® Xeon® Processor X3220 ( 8M Cache , 2.40 GHz , 1066 MHz FSB ) $ 266 $ 224 16 % Dual - Core Intel® Xeon® Processor 3085 ( 4M Cache , 3.00 GHz , 1333 MHz FSB ) $ 266 $ 188 29 %
Editor ’s Note :
This story was updated at 11:04 AM PDT with a summary table and more details from Intel .
BEIJING  President Hu Jintao of China waved the Olympic torch at a ceremony in Tiananmen Square on Monday , smiling as balloons , streamers and confetti filled a mostly blue sky .
Then came the uncertain part .
Mr. Hu sent the torch on a 130 - day journey that includes places where protests and controversy most likely await .
One eventual stop on what Beijing is calling a “ Journey of Harmony ” will be Lhasa , the Tibetan capital still simmering from violent antigovernment protests .
“ I now declare the launch of the torch relay for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games , ” Mr. Hu said in his only line in a tightly scripted celebration , broadcast across China on state television .
Mr. Hu , the Communist Party leader , then handed the torch to China ’s star hurdler , Liu Xiang , who raced off to culminate the ceremony .
Earlier Monday morning , the Olympic flame arrived in Beijing from Athens on an Air China jet decorated with golden flames .
This week , the Olympic flame is being split into two torches , according to Jeff Ruffalo , a public relations adviser to the Beijing Olympics .
One will be flown Tuesday to Almaty , Kazakhstan , to begin an international relay covering five continents and including a stop in San Francisco .
A new technique in paint making could soon make almost any surface germ - free .
Researchers have made paint that is embedded with silver nanoparticles , known for their ability to kill bacteria and other microbes , in the hopes that hospitals will coat their walls and countertops to fight infection .
According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , more than 1 million people per year contract bacterial infections in hospitals .
Silver itself is an excellent bacteria fighter , and in nanoparticle form it is even more potent at killing microorganisms .
So far it has not shown any adverse effects in humans .
However , some scientists are concerned that silver nanoparticles may not be as harmless as they appear .
Little research has been done on their health and environmental effects , and silver kills good microorganisms along with the bad .
Also , there are currently no restrictions on using silver nanoparticles , which are already popping up in a range of consumer products that tout their antibacterial properties .
“ Nanoparticles are very small and they are interacting with the bacteria and rupturing the cell wall , ” says chemist George John of City College of New York and lead author of the study , published in the journal Nature Materials last month .
This rupturing kills the bacteria , he explains .
A silver nanoparticle is a small cluster of silver atoms less than 100 nanometers , or 100 billionths of a meter , wide .
Because of their size , nanoparticles exhibit different properties than their bulkier counterparts .
They have a high surface area to volume ratio , which makes them able to dissolve in paint .
Nanoparticles are also being studied for their use in medicine , particularly in drug delivery , since they are able to pass easily through cell membranes .
Silver has long been known to be a good antimicrobial , and silver nanoparticles are no different .
John tested the paint on both E. coli bacteria and Staphylococcus aureus .
In both cases , when the bacteria were added to a glass slide coated with the silver - infused paint , then incubated at favorable conditions , there was no growth of either bacteria .
In contrast , slides without the paint and slides with silver - free paint both showed bacteria growth .
“ It is more or less like a soaping or detergent effect , ” says Lucian Lucia , associate professor of chemistry at North Carolina State University .
The nanoparticle destroys the cell wall of the microbe .
Lucia and John both agree that bacteria cannot build up a resistance to silver nanoparticles as they can to antibiotics , because of the way the silver nanoparticle attacks — destroying the structure of the cells and killing them .
Antibiotics , on the other hand , suppress the activity of bacteria but do n’t necessarily kill them .
“ That ’s the beauty of silver , ” Lucia says .
“ There ’s no way to develop a resistance to it . ”
John says he is also experimenting with different sized nanoparticles .
Changing the size also changes the color .
So , a blue paint would use different sized nanoparticles than a red paint .
Currently , the size of the silver nanoparticles he is using turns the paint yellow .
The next step is to do more health and safety tests and to determine how long the paint keeps its bactericidal properties .
John believes the paint will keep its germ - killing abilities for up to three years but says it could be longer .
While silver ’s ability to kill bacteria has long been known , not everyone is sold on the idea of using silver nanoparticles in consumer products .
Limited research has been done on how long they keep their antimicrobial properties and how they interact with other organisms , which is particularly critical because of the particles ’ ability to penetrate cell membranes .
Some people may be uncomfortable lathering on sunscreen if it contains silver nanoparticles .
“ Certainly it is a very good antimicrobial product , ” says Zhiqiang Hu from the University of Missouri , who is studying the safety of silver nanoparticles .
“ But , it can kill the benign species [ of bacteria ] as well . ”
Hu says what concerns him the most is the effect silver nanoparticles could have on aquatic organisms .
Many types of bacteria live in lakes and streams , and if silver nanoparticles were to get into the water system they could disrupt the aquatic ecosystem .
Hu is not alone in his concerns .
Andrew Maynard , the chief science advisor for the Project on Emerging Nanotechnologies , funded by the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars and the Pew Charitable Trust , is also concerned about the lack of research and regulation on the use of silver nanoparticles .
He says this technology is cropping up in unlikely products , like socks , kitchenware and cosmetics , to name a few .
“ You have an anti-microbial agent appearing everywhere , including children ’s fluffy toys , with no knowledge about its health or environmental implications , ” Maynard says .
“ What are the chances of it taking out an ecologically important bacteria ? ”
And it is this question that Maynard wants answered before the technology is applied to any more commercial products .
On the other hand though , Maynard acknowledges that the use of silver nanoparticles holds promise , particularly in hospital settings .
“ I think there are multiple places in which it would be OK , ” Maynard says .
Treating patients with wounds or creating a sterile environment in a hospital are two examples of what he sees as a good use .
“ Silver is one of our best lines of defense against a number of microbes , ” he says .
“ And we need to think carefully before we put such a powerful agent in the market . ”
This story is provided by Scienceline , a project of New York University 's Science , Health and Environmental Reporting Program .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - A group of Chinese lawyers have sued CNN , saying remarks by commentator Jack Cafferty in which he called Chinese “ goons ” violated the dignity and reputation of the Chinese people , a Hong Kong newspaper said .
The Beijing - backed Wen Wei Po said the Beijing court had yet to accept the case , which comes amid a wave of criticism in China against Western news outlets in the wake of recent unrest in Tibet and disruptions to the Beijing Olympic torch relay abroad .
China ’s Foreign Ministry summoned CNN ’s Beijing bureau chief last week and demanded an apology after Cafferty said Chinese products were “ junk ” , adding the remark : “ They are basically the same bunch of goons and thugs they ’ve been for the last 50 years . ”
One of the 14 lawyers who launched the case told the newspaper Cafferty ’s remarks “ seriously violated and abused the reputation and dignity of the plaintiffs as Chinese people , and caused serious spiritual and psychological injury to the plaintiffs ” .
The lawyers sought the restoration of the Chinese people ’s reputation through publications and in the media and asked for 100 yuan ( $ 14.31 ) in damages , it said .
In response to the Foreign Ministry ’s initial demand for an apology , CNN said there was no intent to cause offence and that Cafferty was offering a “ strongly held ” opinion of the Chinese government , not the people .
The Foreign Ministry , however , said the response was unsatisfactory and aimed to drive a wedge between the government and the Chinese people .
About Shogun
Shogun is and open - source machine learning library that offers a wide range of efficient and unified machine learning methods .
Shogun is accessible
Supports many languages ( Python , Octave , R , Java / Scala , Lua , C# , Ruby , etc ) and platforms ( Linux / Unix , MacOS and Windows ) and integrates with their scientific computing environments .
Try Shogun in the cloud from your browser .
Shogun is state - of - the - art
Efficient implementation ( from standard to cutting edge algorithms ) , modern software architecture in C ++.
Easy combination of multiple data representations , algorithm classes and general purpose tools for rapid prototyping of data pipelines .
Shogun is open source
Free software , community - based development and machine learning education .
GPLv3 license and working towards BSD compatibility .
Keep reading to find out more about Shogun 's mission , features , and history here .
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Two of Australia ’s biggest brewers will end production of “ energy ” drinks with caffeine and high - alcohol content because of growing concerns over binge drinking .
The Australian National Council on Drugs reported in February that 20 percent of 16 - year - olds drink at harmful levels in any given week , while one in 200 children aged 12 also drink at harmful levels .
The legal age for drinking alcohol is 18 .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd last week announced a A$ 53 million ( 24.4 million pound ) campaign to end an epidemic of binge drinking .
The National Drug Research Institute estimates that one Australian teenager dies and more than 60 are hospitalized each week from alcohol - related causes .
Brewers Foster ’s and Lion Nathan both said on Thursday they would voluntarily stop manufacturing and marketing alcoholic beverages containing “ energy ” additives such as caffeine and taurine .
They also said they would voluntarily limit “ Ready To Drink ” ( RTD ) bottles and cans of alcohol to two standard drinks per single serve and 7 percent alcohol by volume across all RTDs .
“ We recognize that there is a level of community concern about these products and therefore we have decided to remove them from circulation , ” Lion Nathan Australia managing director Andrew Reeves said in a statement .
Most Australian beers have a 4.8 percent alcohol content .
RTD beverages contain 5 to 9 percent alcohol .
Church and social groups have criticized the alcohol industry ’s promotion of RTDs , nicknamed “ Alcopops ” because their sweetened taste masks the taste of alcohol , making them more appealing to young drinkers , especially females .
They have also criticized alcoholic energy drinks , which enable consumers to drink for longer .
Foster ’s said it recognized that the community was concerned that drinkers could abuse RTDs and energy drinks , adding Australia ’s drinking culture had to change to moderate excessive alcohol consumption .
“ We believe strongly that the real issue is not ‘ bad ’ products , but rather poor drinking behavior , ” Jamie Odell , managing director of Foster ’s Australia , Asia & Pacific .
The Rudd government plans to launch a A $ 20 million TV , radio and Internet campaign starting in 2008 that will confront young people with the costs and consequences of binge drinking .
The campaign will be similar to campaigns against smoking and AIDS .
Having a lower social standing increases the likelihood that a monkey faced with a stressful situation will choose cocaine over food , according to a study at Wake Forest University School of Medicine .
More dominant monkeys undergoing the same stressful situation had fewer changes in brain activity in areas of the brain involved in stress and anxiety and were less likely to choose cocaine .
Robert Warren Gould , a graduate student in the laboratory of Michael A. Nader , Ph.D. , presented the study results April 6 at Experimental Biology 2008 in San Diego . *
Male cynomolgus monkeys live in a complex social structure in which the social hierarchy is established by physical aggression and maintained by clear signals .
A monkey that has established his dominance over another monkey can elicit a subordinate response with no more than a meaningful look .
The researchers exposed four dominant and four subordinate monkeys to a socially stressful situation in which an individual monkey was taken out of his home cage and placed in an unfamiliar cage surrounded by four unfamiliar animals .
The monkey was physically safe , but he could see and hear the animals around him engaging in aggressive behavior .
The study was performed twice , in order to ask two different types of questions .
The first concerned brain activity caused by the stressful situation .
Before being placed in the unfamiliar cage , each monkey had been injected with radioactively labeled glucose .
After 40 minutes , each was given a PET brain imaging examination to see which parts of the brain were most active , as determined by which parts were using the most glucose .
This type of brain imaging has been used frequently in humans to determine brain activity during various activities and situations .
The scan of the individual monkey 's brain during the stressful situation was compared to earlier scans made when the animal had spent time simply sitting in his own familiar home cage without stress .
The brains of dominant monkeys and subordinate monkeys responded differently in both situations .
In the normal situation of sitting in their home cage , subordinate monkeys displayed less activity than did the dominant monkeys in areas of the brain involved in stress and anxiety ( the amygdala and hippocampus ) and also in areas of the brain involved with emotional and social processing ( anterior cingulate cortex ) .
Gould and Nader say these findings suggest monkeys that have to cope with constant , ongoing social stressors may have developed a lower level of brain activity even at rest .
In the abnormal situation of being placed in an unfamiliar cage surrounded by unfamiliar and aggressively behaving monkeys , however , the subordinate monkeys showed pronounced decreased brain activity in areas of the brain involved with stress , anxiety , reward , and emotion , whereas the dominant monkeys showed increases in reward - related areas after the same situation .
In a separate part of the study , researchers looked at the effect of the stressful situation on the likelihood that monkeys would use cocaine .
After the 40 minutes in the unfamiliar cage surrounded by other monkeys , each monkey could choose between pressing a lever that they knew delivered cocaine or one that they knew delivered a food reward .
The subordinate monkey was more likely to choose cocaine while the dominant monkey was less likely to choose cocaine after this encounter , compared to their respective typical choices during the days preceding this encounter .
These differences in both brain activity and the likelihood of using cocaine between animals of different social rank offer clues to the social context of drug use and addiction in humans , say the researchers .
Nader said , " We believe this type of research can be used to identify better treatment strategies , including providing environmental enrichment , that may affect the likelihood of abusing drugs . "
It 's also important , he said , to understand distinct patters of neurobiological activity occurring after acute social stress that may increase the attraction to cocaine in vulnerable individuals .
Understanding the brain changes associated with stress also is critical in developing treatment and prevention strategies for disorders such as anxiety and depression that can result from chronic stress .
* The presentation was part of the scientific program of the American Society for Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics ( ASPET ) .
Gould and Nader 's coauthors are Kathryn E. Gill , B.S. , Michael J. Wesley , B.S. , Mac D. Miller , M.S. , Paul W. Czoty , Ph.D. , Colleen A. Hanlon , Ph.D. , and Linda J. Porrino , Ph.D. , all of the medical school 's Department of Physiology and Pharmacology .
Funding for the research came from the National Institute on Drug Abuse .
You have already voted for this video .
Safe , easy , and cheap ... it 's almost too good to be true !
The results are trippy !
NOTES : Use the thinnest b...
Safe , easy , and cheap ... it 's almost too good to be true !
The results are trippy !
NOTES : Use the thinnest bags you can get - rule of thumb : cheaper = thinner .
DO NOT launch these near an airport or military base .
Microsoft Excel : Revolutionary 3D Game Engine ?
Introduction
By Peter Rakos
Cutting - edge computer games use different graphics subsystems -- so - called 3D graphics engines .
Source ( used in Half Life 2 ) , Unreal Engine ( Unreal Tournament ) , idTech 4 ( Doom 3 ) , CryENGINE2 ( Crysis ) or Clever 's Paradox engine are well - known among the players and the game industry experts .
It 's time to learn a new 3D game engine name : Microsoft Excel .
It is understood that Excel is an all - round office tool , but probably it is unknown that it has a bunch of features that makes Excel a high - class 3D graphics engine .
In this article I will demonstrate Excel 's arithmetical facilities , the embedded rendering subsystems ( there are two of them ! ) and the revolutionary approach which might just cause a paradigm shift .
I hope you will discover that Excel effectively and efficiently incorporates practicality , tons of features , the multi-platform portability and the high performance with the unique and futuristic 3D engine features .
The chapters even have demo programs and movies created with the Excel 3D engine .
Warning : Only for determined experts !
Arithmetic
Maybe Excel 's arithmetic functions need a demonstration least of all .
The core functions of the 3D object manipulation ( e.g. the four rules of arithmetic , trigonometric functions , matrix algebra ) mean the essence of Excel - but it is worth examining them because of their unequalled compactness and its magnificent elegance with which Excel towers above the current entire 3D engine field .
Compactness
It is very likely that not too many game engines solve the whole 3D arithmetic in a half screen size .
The upper part of Figure 1 contains the spatial shift , the rotation around X , Y , Z axis and the perspective projection as well .
As it can be seen in the demo applications , the polygon visibility , the Z - buffering and the reflection calculation require about the same size .
Figure 1 : Essence of the 3D engine
The yellow color marks the user - defined parameters and green color indicates the engine - calculated values .
Numbered areas contain the following data :
Parameters of the perspective projection 3D coordinates of the objects ' points ( relative to their center ) Shift and rotation matrix ( further details can be found e.g. at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3D_projection)
Parameters of the rotation 3D absolute coordinates of the points after the shift and rotation 2D coordinates of the points after the perspective projection Screen coordinates of the points End points of the objects ' edges Formula of an element in the shift and rotation matrix .
Simplicity and compactness are clearly visible .
Elegance
The development environment of Excel not only allows the programmers to edit a plain or syntax - highlighted source code , but it also provides all of its well - known formatting functions for the engine developers : several fonts can be used simultaneously ( with different types and sizes ) , the cells and texts colored , pop -up notes added , and -- sit down ! -- sounds or even entire movies inserted if required .
Rendering
Developers can choose between two rendering subsystems :
Excel-native Cell Graphics ( ECG ) Office - level Graphics Abstraction Layer ( OGAL )
Excel-native Cell Graphics
Forget for an instant that after starting Excel we can see a worksheet on the screen which consists of cells , and that the cells contain our data , texts and formulas .
Consider this worksheet as the screen of the engine and the cells as the pixels of this screen .
Based on this unusual approach :
Worksheet =Screen of the engine
Cells=Pixels
No doubt it is an astounding approach , and it would only be proper to ask how these bulk rectangle - shaped cells can be considered as pixels -- but we will see that these rectangles are only demonstrating a unique feature of the cell graphics , in fact , and the usual small , old - school , square - shaped pixels can be used as well -- if required .
Put away your aversion and have a look at the ECG features :
Pixels can be resized , so if someone wants to travel back in time and would like to use the small , old - school square - sized pixels of the traditional 3D engines then he / she can do it easily ( please see Figure 2 and 3 ) .
Figure 2 : Excel 's default pixel
Figure 3 : Resized ( and tinted ) pixels
It should be noted that this innovation is such an organic part of the system that it is possible to use pixels with different sizes in each row and column , as can be seen in Figure 4 .
Figure 4 : Pixel size can be set differently in each rows
The best example of this exceptional resizeability is Excel 's default setting , where the pixels are so distorted and rectangle - shaped that it is very easy to confuse them with a data entry field .
Most users do not even realize these are pixels , and see only data entry fields !
Figure 5 : Rendering without grid lines
Figure 6 : Rendering with grid lines
Sub - pixel size grid lines can be used if needed .
It is a very useful feature if rows and columns have different sizes .
You can check the grid lines function shown in Figure 5 and 6 .
Color of the pixels can be set by 24 bits .
255x65535 screen resolution which results the uniquely high 16.7 megapixel resolution not found in other 3D engines .
Astounding 1:256 aspect ratio , which can be set by the Hide / Unhide functions to 4:4 , 16:9 or other arbitrary ratios .
255 screens in an application , so not only the usual 2 but more screen buffers can be used together .
Built - in zoom function to enlarge or diminish the pixels at will .
It can be said that the Excel - native Cell Graphics surpasses its time and contains a lot of unique and unmatched features which are not accessible in other 3D engines : resizeable pixels , arbitrarily variable aspect ratio , 16.7 megapixel resolution , switchable sub - pixel size grid lines .
On the figure below ( Figure 7 ) the engine can be seen in action ( with rendered gridlines ) .
You can start the demo by grabbing our example Excel engine files ( enable the macros when Excel asks ) , pressing the ALT +F8 keys and running the ECG_Demo .
Figure 7 : Engine in action ( with the ECG rendering subsystem )
The drawback of the ECG is the speed and the absence of some common graphical functions ( e.g. line drawing , texture mapping , etc ) that must be implemented by the developers .
Office - level Graphics Abstraction Layer
If there is no need for ECG 's advanced features , like resizable pixels and variable aspect ratio then Excel 's other rendering subsystem -- the Office - level Graphics Abstraction Layer -- is a possible choice .
OGAL provides additional functions ( polygon drawing , filling , etc ) , higher performance and compatibility with other applications of the MS Office package .
This compatibility can be extremely useful if the 3D application has to be ported to ( e.g. )
Word .
A curiosity of the rendering process is that rendering is performed on a separate layer in front of the worksheet , so the subsystem can work without modifying the existing content of the worksheet .
This feature makes it possible to run OGAL and ECG side by side , or show the background calculations and their results on the same screen -- which helps the debug process .
A screenshot of the running OGAL subsystem can be seen below ( Figure 8 ) .
The separate rendering layer in front of the worksheet is easily observable on the picture : while the rotating cube is rendered on this layer , the 3D calculations performed by the engine can be seen in the background .
Figure 8 : Engine in action ( with Office - level Graphics Abstraction Layer )
A typical example of the OGAL subsystem 's refinement is the available polygons : whereas the current 3D engines operate with triangles , the OGAL supports other polygons ( like quadrangles , pentagons , etc. ) as well .
There is no need for a separate background buffer because it is handled by OGAL .
Colors can be set by the usual 24 bits and the subsystem provides an additional alpha channel for the transparency as well .
Again , the demonstration file is available in our example Excel engine files - for those who shun real - time , here 's a video of it in action :
Warning : Only for very - very determined experts !
Paradigm shift
Sequentiality essentially influences our actual programming paradigm .
It can be found in every corner of the programming vocation : day by day thousands of programmers code their algorithms row - by - row , create the executables step - by - step ( as defined in the makefiles ) , debug the executables command - by - command .
Thousands of different programs and billions of source code lines were created with this sequential approach .
Sequentiality pervades our current programming paradigm so much that programmers do n't question its reason for existence and take its limitations for granted .
Note : Please do n't underestimate the power of habit !
Probably you have a QWERTY keyboard in front of you which has intentionally the most uncomfortable button layout !
It 's not a joke : the QWERTY layout was originally created for the typewriters in the 1860s when the jam was a difficult technological problem .
The QWERTY layout ensures that successive keystrokes alternate between sides of the keyboard .
This layout helps to solve the typewriters ' jam problem but it causes the greatest possible demands on your fingers and joints .
The wind of change has blown away the typewriters and their 150 year - old technological problems but we still use the most uncomfortable keyboard layout these days !
It is the power of habit .
( For further information visit http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dvorak_Simplified_Keyboard)
Excel breaks with this habit and exceeds sequentiality .
Its revolutionary approach can be observed in the following fields :
Non-traditional source code
Non-sequential debugging
Instant feedback ( without a sequential make process )
Non-traditional source code
It is commonly accepted among developers that source code ( and the algoritms encoded in source code ) handled by the current development tools require a sequential top - down reading and interpretation .
Figure 9 illustrates this sequential top - down interpretation .
Figure 9 : Traditional , top - down interpreted source code
We accepted this sequential , top - down mentality so much that interpretation of an unusually formatted ( but syntactically correct ) source code can be immensely hard .
If you would like to test your thinking then you can find some challenging examples at http://www.textrush.com/code-formatting.htm.
These examples are suitable only for the very determined readers , as they contain unusual line - breaks and tabulators as well .
Excel supports this traditional sequential top - down approach in the VBA codes ( see the example on the previous page ) and additionally it provides a very new , fresh and revolutionary opportunity as well .
Working on the worksheets , programmers can use the two dimensions of the sheets , and they can use the directions absolutely freely .
This means that the algorithms can be encoded horizontally ( see the 1st figure where the steps of the 3D transformation is interpreted from left to right ) or from bottom to top or even in L - shaped knight 's move .
Excel does not force you into traditional top - down sequential coding -- therefore it provides exceptional freedom for programmers .
It can be said that Excel opens totally new dimensions in the representation of algorithms .
We cannot even see the borders of these new opportunities !
Soon we may measure not only the length of the source code ( see SLOC ) but the width of it as well ( what will complement the SLOC numbers ? ) .
Furthermore , it may open the way to n-dimensional source code , and we might talk about the depth or height of the source code , too .
Excel breaks with the sequentiality of the source code interpretation with another new feature as well : with cell references programmers can see the dependencies of the source codes easier , not only row - by - row but simultaneously , and can quikly overview the source code .
Cell references allow the programmer to check what other data affects a selected variable ( e.g. Figure 10 shows how the 3D transformation matrix is determined by the cosinus of the X and Y rotation angles ) and they can check what other variables are affected by selected data ( e.g. the selected transformation matrix element affects all the 3D values ) .
If it is needed then the chain of the impacts defined in the algorithms can be shown in both directions .
Figure 10 : Cell references help to create an overview of the dependencies
Non-sequential debugging
Termination of the sequentiality can be observed during the debugging process as well .
With the current development tools programmers must follow the execution of the program step - by - step to observe the real ( and not only the intended ) behaviour of the program and the algorithms .
They can use some useful tools ( breakpoints , step in / step out , etc. ) to make this process faster and more comfortable but sequentiality is built into our programming paradigm and it slows down the debugging process .
Opposing to this Excel 's Autocalc function shows the execution of the algorithms ” unfolded ” and the effects of all steps in all variables can be seen immediately without the need of step - by - step debugging .
This feature drastically decreases the overhead times and increases the productivity of the programmers .
Instant feedback
Probably all programmers experienced that annoying and obsolete trait of actual development tools -- like the results of the modifications cannot be seen immediately , and some sequential steps must be performed to get these results .
In a typical situation a programmer has to ...
Save the modifications Compile the saved files Link the compiled files
Run the executable by typing in a command line , clicking on an icon , or running a browser and typing a URL , etc .
... and will get the result only after these steps .
These steps can consume such a huge amount of time that specialized tools increasing the speed of the compilation ( e.g. Incredibuild ) became very popular .
In case of small and frequent modifications this workflow can lead to a huge amount of overhead compared to the substantive and useful work .
We are so used to this workflow that we do not even expect it to be easier .
Not surprisingly Excel breaks with this workflow and uses a revolutionary approach again .
Thanks to its Autocalc function the editor , the compiler , the linker and the runtime environment are integrated on such a high level that is unpaired among current tools .
After changing a formula in a cell the result is visible immediately without the need for performing the steps mentioned above .
Programmers do n't have to save , compile , link and run the executable and there is no need even to switch the active window .
There is no miracle of course : Excel works sequentially in the background but hides this sequentiality from the programmers .
In the previous chapters we have reviewed how Excel queries the justification of the sequentiality and what a revolutionary answer it gives for the problem .
Notice that eliminating sequentiality is not only a buzzword but a radically new approach which can change our programming paradigm in the future .
Afterword
Integration of computer games and spreadsheets has tightened during the evolution of computer technology .
At an early stage this integration among the the games and spreadsheets was comical , e.g. they were installed on the same hard disk , or the purchased games were listed in an Excel sheet .
Later the integration has tightened , as some games introduced a built - in spreadsheet ( accessible by the " boss key " feature ) - or Excel contained some built - in 3D games as Easter Eggs .
Now we have arrived at the next step of this integration , as Excel 's cutting - edge 3D functionality is not hidden in Easter Eggs anymore but can be accessible publicly and easily .
Excel has grown up and started its conquest as a revolutionary 3D game engine .
Return to the full version of this article
Copyright © UBM
Tech ,
All rights reserved
Fox News , the cable television news channel of Rupert Murdoch - controlled News Corporation , announced its intention to launch a business news channel on 8 February 2007 .
On that same day Worldwide Directory Services ( WDS ) registered the domain name foxbusinessnetwork.com .
But because Fox News did not register any trade marks for the term ' Fox business network ' until 16th July that year it was not entitled to force the handover of the address .
The World Intellectual Property Organisation ( WIPO ) arbitrates in many disputes over domain names and can order their transfer if three conditions are met .
The name must be identical or confusingly similar to a trade or service mark held by the person who wants to gain control of it , the person holding the domain name must have no rights in it , and the domain name must be registered and used in bad faith .
All three of these conditions must be met if a name is to be transferred , and Fox failed to meet the second .
Rupert Murdoch announced the long - rumoured creation of a business channel on 8th February 2007 , and WDS registered the address that day .
Fox did not register any trade marks in relation to it , though , until 22 February , and those marks were for Fox Business Channel .
It took until 16th July for it to register three marks in relation to Fox Business Network .
Fox argued that the registration of the name was designed to create a likelihood of confusion from which WDS would benefit .
It also said that WDS had contacted it and offered to sell the domain for $ 50,000 .
WDS claimed that it had been publishing web pages using the term ' fox business network ' since 2002 , and that the ' fox ' in question referred to its president 's nickname , which it said was ' the British fox ' .
WDS said that it did not know until August 2007 of Fox 's intention to create a business channel .
It said that it had approached Fox about the domain name in order to " discuss strategies to avoid confusion or infringement , " according to its submission to the WIPO arbitrator .
" As part of that conversation , [ WDS ] revealed that the cost to develop its Fox Business Network had been $ 50,000 .
[ WDS ] did not intend to use [ Fox 's ] ' fox ' mark to attract internet users for commercial gain . "
The arbitration panel said that it could not rule that WDS had acted improperly in its registration of the address .
" [ Fox ] infers from the timing of the Domain Name registration and [ WDS ] 's subsequent telephone call in August 2007 , that [ it ] registered the Domain Name not in furtherance of a legitimate business activity but only because the Domain Name might be confused with [ Fox ] 's proposed business channel , " said the ruling .
" While [ WDS ] 's hasty domain name registration after the … announcement in February 2007 is suspicious ( and not adequately explained by [ it ] ) , this action might just as well be attributed to an effort to protect a name , ' Fox Business Network , ' that [ WDS ] had been using before [ Fox ] announced its own intentions to use a similar name ( “ Fox Business Channel ” ) . "
The arbitration panel did say , though , that since it cannot call witnesses or force the discovery of evidence a WIPO hearing is not the best place to settle disputes such as that over the telephone call in which Fox said WDS asked for $ 50,000 for the domain name .
It said that a court would be a better location for that dispute .
It said that on the evidence presented to it , it found " sufficient plausible evidence " that WDS did actually use the name ' fox business network ' in business , and that therefore the domain should stay with it .
Price of Iraq war now outpaces Vietnam John Byrne
Published : Tuesday March 18 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Price only exceeded by World War II " Major combat operations in Iraq have ended , " declared President George W. Bush aboard the USS Lincoln in 2003 .
" In the battle of Iraq , the United States and our allies have prevailed . "
Five years later , the Iraq war rages on .
According to two prominent economists , in a study the White House has not disputed , the cost of the war now outpaces the total price of the 12 - year US conflict in Vietnam .
It 's now nearly double the total cost of the Korean War .
The costs of maintaining a US presence in Iraq now runs a tab of about $ 435 million a day -- $ 3 billion a week , or $ 12 billion a month .
The US has siphoned some $ 500 billion taxpayer dollars into Iraq , for a war that was supposed to be " sharp " and brief .
Interest payments add another $ 615 billion , and the price tag of repairing a depleted military is projected at $ 280 billion .
Only World War II , in terms of inflation - adjusted dollars , was more expensive , according to a recent study by Nobel laureate economist Joseph Stiglitz and Harvard University public finance Professor Laura Bilmes .
Both served in the Clinton administration .
Their price tag ?
$ 3 trillion .
The White House has not disputed the study .
Writing in the San Fransisco Chronicle today , Zachary Coile draws on the study and compares it with the costs of previous US wars .
The price tag in Iraq now is more than double the cost of the Korean War and a third more expensive than the Vietnam War , which lasted 12 years .
Stiglitz and Bilmes calculate that it will be at least 10 times as costly as the 1991 Gulf War and twice the cost of World War I .
Only World War II was more expensive .
That four - year war - in which 16 million U.S. troops were deployed on two fronts , fighting against Germany and Japan - cost about $ 5 trillion in inflation - adjusted dollars .
The latest numbers are a far cry from the cost estimates made by war supporters in the run-up to the March 2003 invasion .
In September 2002 , White House economic adviser Larry Lindsey told the Wall Street Journal the war would cost between $ 100 billion and $ 200 billion .
He was immediately excoriated by others in the administration .
White House budget director Mitch Daniels called the estimate " very , very high . "
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld called it " baloney . "
Coile also includes a detailed breakdown of the costs .
They follow .
Costs of the war -- $ 435 million : Cost of Iraq war each day .
-- $ 526 billion : Cost of combat operations to date .
-- $ 1.2 trillion to $ 1.7 trillion : Estimated Afghanistan and Iraq combat costs through 2017 . -- $ 590 billion : Future costs of disability benefits and health care for Iraq war veterans .
-- $ 615 billion : Cost of interest on money borrowed to pay for the war .
-- $ 280 billion : Cost of replacing equipment and restoring U.S. military to prewar strength .
-- $ 16,500 : Cost of the war to each U.S. family of four from 2003 - 2008 .
-- $ 36,900 : Cost of the war to each family if the war continues for 10 years .
-- $ 274 billion : Cost of increased oil prices related to the Iraq war , 2003 - 2008 .
What $ 435 million per day could do -- Enroll 58,000 children in Head Start . --
Put 8,900 police officers on the street .
--
Provide health insurance to 329,200 low - income children . --
Hire 10,700 Border Patrol agents . -- Give Pell Grants to 163,700 college students .
--
Provide foreclosure prevention counseling to 260,000 families .
Bush sends nuclear sub and more warships to the Gulf
Mon Mar 24 , 2008 at 11:57:23 PM
PDT
According to Chris Floyd at the Empire Burlesque web site :
The Saudi government is now preparing plans to deal with " any sudden nuclear and radioactive hazards " that may arise from an attack on Iran 's nuclear reactors .
This was reported by a top Saudi newspaper , Okaz , and relayed by a leading German news service , DPA -- one day after Dick Cheney paid a visit to the kingdom .
As we noted , no one knows exactly what was said at that confab of allied authoritarians -- but something sure lit a fire under the Saudis , and convinced them that urgent action is needed to brace for the lethal overspill from a strike on Iran .
Floyd points out that nothing in Saudi Arabia becomes the top news story without government approval .
That such a story should be released the day after Cheney 's visit , sends a message to everyone about what ’s on Cheney 's mind .
This , combined with the dismissal of Centcom chief , Admiral Fallon , Petreus ' claim to have evidence ( which he does n't produce ) that Iran was responsible for the recent shelling of the Green Zone ,
. . and the Egyptian report that a nuclear sub has been ordered by Bush into the Gulf , the bleak picture in both Pakistan and Afghanistan ( accelerating collapse of Musharraf 's power and strategy , the coming spring offensive in the Taliban 's announced drive for Kabu ) ,
. . plus the oft - stated desire of Bush and Cheney to attack Iran , and , as noted by former mideast policy official William K. Polk at Juan Cole 's site just a few days ago , the last time Cheney visited the nations he visited this time was right before the Iraq attack ,
. . then only a moron would deny that Bush and Dick have nothing but contempt for the will of the people , congress and the courts , and that they crave war like a junkie craves his fix .
http://soldiervoices.net/svfor/showthread.php?p=4883
============
Cheney Visits them , and Saudis then Prepare for " Sudden Nuclear Hazards "
One Tick Closer to Midnight
Last Friday , Dick Cheney was in Saudi Arabia for high - level meetings with the Saudi king and his ministers .
On Saturday , it was revealed that the Saudi Shura Council -- the elite group that implements the decisions of the autocratic inner circle -- is preparing " national plans to deal with any sudden nuclear and radioactive hazards that may affect the kingdom following experts ' warnings of possible attacks on Iran 's Bushehr nuclear reactors , " one of the kingdom 's leading newspapers , Okaz , reports .
The German - based DPA news service relayed the paper 's story .
Simple prudence -- or ominous timing ?
We noted here last week that an American attack on Iran was far more likely than most people suspect .
We pointed to the mountain of evidence for this case gathered by scholar William R. Polk , one of the top aides to John Kennedy during the Cuban Missile Crisis , and to other indicators of impending war .
The story by Okaz -- which would not have appeared in the tightly controlled dictatorship without approval from the top -- is yet another , very weighty piece of evidence laid on the scales , pointing toward a new , horrendous conflict .
We do n't know what the Saudis told Cheney in private -- or even more to the point , what he told them .
But the release of this story now , just after his departure , would seem to be a clear indication that the Saudis have good reason to fear a looming attack on Iran 's nuclear facilities , and that they are actively preparing for it .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Email This Page to a Friend | Print This Page
You need to upgrade your Flash Player
- How to Hit Obama - Robert Novak , Chicago Sun-Times
- Facts Better for GOP in '08 than '06 - Michael Barone , US News & WR
- Searching for the Next Vice President - Marc Ambinder , National Journal
All Commentary & News Stories
- Searching for the Next Vice President - Marc Ambinder , National Journal
- Facts Better for GOP in '08 than '06 - Michael Barone , US News & WR
- The Flip - Flop Brothers : Who Will Suffer ? - John Dickerson , Slate
- Obama 's Class A Flip - Flop Wo n't Hurt Him - Jonathan Freedland , Guardian
- How to Hit Obama - Robert Novak , Chicago Sun-Times
- McCain Closes the Cash Gap - Jeanne Cummings , The Politico
- Can McCain Save the GOP Brand ?
- Eleanor Clift , Newsweek
- A Family - Friendly Idea for McCain - Ramesh Ponnuru , Weekly Standard
- Obama Should Keep Gates at Defense - Joe Klein , Time
- VP Choice Is n't Always About Balance - David Shribman , Pitt Post - Gazette
- Why Did Obama Rattle the Jerusalem Issue ? - Frida Ghitis , Miami Herald
- Where are Michelle 's Feminist Defenders ? - Mary Curtis , Washington Post
- Obama 's Ever-Changing " Change " - New York Post
- McCain and Bush , Oil Opportunists - Los Angeles Times
- Obama - Gore ? - Washington Times
- Obama 's Right About Families and Education - James Klurfeld , Newsday
- The Obama - McCain Authenticity Contest - Liz Sidoti , Associated Press
- Obama : A False Moderate ?
- Michael Gerson , Washington Post
- Countering Race with Class - David Sirota , San Francisco Chronicle
- Obama 's Balancing Act on Free Trade - Brian Montopoli , CBS News
- U.S. Should n't Alienate Canada on NAFTA - Sen. John McCain , Detroit FP
- U.S. Must Increase Energy Research Funding - Mort Kondracke , Roll Call
- McCain Struggles to Break Free of Bush - M. Reston & B. Drogin , LA Times
- Obama Should Keep Gates at Defense - Joe Klein , Time
- Obama 's Flip - Flop Wo n't Hurt Bid - Jonathan Freedland , The Guardian
- The Two Obamas - David Brooks , New York Times
- After Shift , Obama Poised For Huge Cash Edge - Rick Klein , ABC News
- McCain's Oil Epiphany - Charles Krauthammer , Washington Post
- Drilling : A Cynical Political Calculation - Paul Krugman , New York Times
- The Problem with Obama 's New Politics - Mona Charen , National Review
- Why 9/11 Wo n't Defeat Obama - Jonathan Chait , The New Republic
- Social Security is Not a Welfare Program - Larry Lindsey , Wall St. Journal
- The Party of Lincoln Was Left Behind on Civil Rights - John Avlon , RCP
- McCain is No Maverick - Eric Alterman & George Zornick , The Nation
- Obama Should Swap Chicago for Phoenix - Tristram Hunt , Times of London
- All Eyes on New Hampshire -- Again - E. J. Dionne , Seattle Times
- Will There Be Coattails in November ? - Reid Wilson , RealClearPolitics
- Public Funding on the Ropes - New York Times
- Obama Flips , Blames
It on McCain - Wall Street Journal
- Yes , Drill - but Research , Too - Dallas Morning News
- McCain Scores w / Drilling Proposal - Dick Morris & Eileen McGann , Fox News
- Dem Governors Unite Behind Obama - Napolitano & O'Malley , The Politico
- Does Obama Know What He 's Talking About ? - Scott Johnson , Power Line
- A Feminist Would Be Insane to Vote for McCain - Katha Pollitt , The Nation
- Obama 's Best Veep Choice is Gone - Steven Stark , Boston Phoenix
- McCain's Terror Errors - Rosa Brooks , Los Angeles Times
- Questions from an Obamacon - Larry Hunter , The New Republic
- Obama 's Chivalry Gap - Hendrik Hertzberg , The New Yorker
- Obama to Break Pledge , Opt Out of Public Financing - Jake Tapper , ABC News
- Democrats , Not So Fast - Ross Baker , USA Today
- The Not So Simple Politics of Iraq - Marie Cocco , Indianapolis Star
- McCain Should Give Up on Evangelical Support - Froma Harrop , Prov Journal
- Can Obama Defend America ? - Michael Tomasky , The Guardian
- Promises Are n't Plans , Senator Obama - Ralph Peters , New York Post
- It 's Not What They 've Done , But What They 'll Learn - John Ibbitson , G & M
- Obama and McCain Spout Economic Nonsense - Karl Rove , Wall St. Journal
- Oil Lessons - Debra Saunders , San Francisco Chronicle
- Obama's Promise of Change - Victor Davis Hanson , RealClearPolitics
- Dismantling the Myth of McCain - David Moberg , In These Times
- The '08 Battles for the U.S. Senate - Larry Sabato , UVA Center for Politics
- What Obama Meant By ' Undivided ' Jerusalem - Joel Mowbray , RCP
- The Obama Two - Step - Steven Stark , Boston Phoenix
- Obama , The Post - Post 9/11 Candidate - Philip Klein , American Spectator
- Using 9/11 For Partisan Gain - Michael Scherer , Time
- Obama : NAFTA Not So Bad After All - Nina Easton , Fortune
- McCain and Obama's Gas Fight - Amy Walter , National Journal
- Obama and 9/11 - Max Boot , Commentary Magazine
- McCain's Message Problem - John Dickerson , Slate
- Michelle Obama's Subtle Makeover - M. Powell & J. Kantor , New York Times
- Calling All Fathers - Kathleen Parker , RealClearPolitics
- McCain Attacks Gitmo Ruling at His Peril - Ruth Marcus , Washington Post
- Sweeping and Wrong Conclusions - Peter Wehner , National Review Online
- Tim Pawlenty's Proletarian Chic - Noam Scheiber , The New Republic
- Time For Obama to Slaughter Some Sacred Cows - Blake Dvorak , RCP
- A McCain - Lieberman Ticket ? - Walter Shapiro , Salon
- The Problem with Obama 's Father 's Day Speech - Bruce Walker , Am . Thinker
- Iraq 's Foreign Minister Has a Chat with Obama - Washington Post
- The Energy Tide is Turning - Investor 's Business Daily
- Bush Will Seek to Drop a Drilling Ban - Sheryl Stolberg , New York Times
- Envisioning McCain's Supreme Court - Ruth Marcus , Washington Post
- Why Has n't Obama Pulled Further Ahead ? - Jake Tapper , ABC News
- Can Georgia Be Obama's Ohio ? - Jay Newton - Small , Time
- George Will's Weak Case Against McCain - Mark Levin , NRO
- When Obama is Off the Teleprompter - John Podhoretz , Contentions
- Full Metal McCain - Matt Taibbi , Rolling Stone
- Where the Electorate Stands - Marc Ambinder , The Atlantic
- Why McCain Would n't Be Bush III - Andrew Romano , Newsweek
- It 's Obama 's Race to Lose - Matthew Rothschild , The Progressive
- McCain's Desperate Debate Gambit - Paul Waldman , American Prospect
- George Will is Wrong About Boumediene - Ed Whelan , NRO
- Obama as a Great Hope , No Matter His Color - Les Payne , Newsday
- Obama and the Cheney Option - Steve Kornacki , New York Observer
- Has Affirmative Action Run Its Course ? - Jonathan Kaufman , WSJ
- Obama Raises Hopes for Fatherhood - E. J. Dionne , Houston Chronicle
- McCain's Posturing on Guantanamo - George Will , Washington Post
- The Unraveling of Joe Lieberman - Jonathan Chait , The New Republic
- Democratic Unity Still Out of Reach - Matthew Dallek , The Politico
- Independent Voters To Be Key in Nov. - Balz & Cohen , Washington Post
- What Obama Can Learn from Gates - Robert Kaplan , The Atlantic
- McCain Aims to Avoid the Dole - Drums - Holly Bailey , Newsweek
Letterman : ' I 'm not opposed to the occasional hanging '
Mike Aivaz and Muriel Kane
Published : Thursday September 20 , 2007
Print This Email This
It appears that late - night tv host David Letterman is not among the 41 % of Americans who still believe Saddam Hussein was responsible for 9/11 .
Letterman introduced his list of " Top 10 Signs Your Neighbor is Hiding Osama bin Laden " by suggesting that " we should be outraged that this guy is still out running around . "
" Remember how great we felt when they found Saddam Hussein and then they hung the guy ? " recalled Letterman .
" Remember how great that made us all feel ?
And he had nothing to do with it .
So imagine how great we 'd feel if we got this guy . "
" Believe me , " Letterman added , " I 'm not opposed to the occasional hanging . "
The following video is from CBS 's Late Show with David Letterman , broadcast on September 19 , 2007
Boston , MA -- Scientists at Schepens Eye Research Institute have discovered what chemical in the eye triggers the dormant capacity of certain non-neuronal cells to transform into progenitor cells , a stem - like cell that can generate new retinal cells .
The discovery , published in the March issue of Investigative Ophthalmology and Visual Science ( IOVS ) , offers new hope to victims of diseases that harm the retina , such as macular degeneration and retinitis pigmentosa .
" This study is very significant .
It means it might be possible to turn on the eye's own resources to regenerate damaged retinas , without the need for transplanting outside retinal tissue or stem cells , " says Dr. Dong Feng Chen , associate scientist at Schepens Eye Research Institute and Harvard Medical School , and the principal investigator of the study .
" If our next steps work in animal disease models , we believe that clinical testing could happen fairly quickly . "
Scientists have long been aware of Müller cells ( which exist in great abundance in the eye ) and have generally assumed that they were responsible for keeping retinal tissue protected and clear of debris .
In recent years , however , researchers have reported that these cells sometimes exhibit progenitor cell behavior and re-enter the cell cycle ( dividing and differentiating into other type of cells ) .
Progenitor cells are similar to stem cells but are more mature and are more limited in the number of cells types they can become .
But until this study , scientists have not understood what triggers the transformation .
In their study , Chen and her team observed that when the naturally occurring chemicals known as glutamate and aminoadipate ( which is a derivative of glutamate ) were injected into the eye , the Müller cells began to divide and proliferate .
Not certain if these chemicals directly signaled the transformation , they tested them in the laboratory and in mice .
They added each chemical separately to cultures of pure Müller cells and injected each into the space below the retina in healthy mice .
In both cases , the cells became progenitor cells and then changed into retinal cells .
And with aminoadipate , the newly minted retinal cells migrated to where they might be needed in the retina and turned into desirable cell types .
Specifically , they showed that by injecting the chemical below the retina , the cells give rise to new photoreceptors - the type of cells that are lost in retinitis pigmentosa or macular degeneration , as a result , leading to blindness .
The team 's next step will be to test this process in animals that have been bred to have diseases that mimic macular degeneration and retinitis pigmentosa .
The goal would be to learn if damaged retinas regenerate and vision improves .
The team will likely use just aminoadipate because it only binds with Müller cells without the side effects of glutamate , which can actually harm retina cells in large doses .
" We believe that a drug created from the chemical aminoadipate or a similar compound has great potential for healing damaged retinas , " says Chen .
###
Other authors of the study include :
Masumi Takeda 1,2,3
Akira Takamiya 1,2,3
Jian - wei Jiao 1,2
Kin-Sang Cho 1,2
Simon G. Trevino 1
Takahiko Matsuda 4
Dong F. Chen 1,2
1 The Schepens Eye Research Institute , Boston , Massachusetts
2 Department of Ophthalmology , Harvard Medical School , Boston , Massachusetts
3 Department of Ophthalmology , Asahikawa Medical College , Asahikawa , Japan
4 Department of Genetics , Howard Hughes Medical Institute , Harvard Medical School , Boston , Massachusetts .
Schepens Eye Research Institute is an affiliate of Harvard Medical School and the largest independent eye research institute in the nation .
Parents , be warned :
It takes only a single visit to McDonald 's for your child to get hooked on the greasy stuff for life .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Okay , so that 's an exaggeration .
But the three - year - old son of Angela Verbrugge still remembers his one and only meal under the golden arches .
Which has Verbrugge worried .
And Kyla Epstein swears if her young son
Max ever wants to eat there , he 'll be doing it on his own dime .
These parents are n't raging against the health detriments of fast food .
Instead , they are making a conscious effort to limit the amount of branding and advertising their kids are exposed to in all aspects of their lives ; what they eat , wear , watch and play with .
It 's not easy .
Brands are everywhere -- literally .
Disney 24/7
Genevieve McMahon says she experienced an " eye-opening " moment the first time she bought disposable diapers for her newborn daughter Imogen , who was then too small for the cloth variety her parents preferred .
" We were unpacking them to put them in her drawer and realized there were Walt Disney Winnie the Pooh characters all over them , " she says .
" It was at that point when we were like , oh wow ... it 's everywhere .
I mean , she 's not even conscious and yet here they are advertising .
I 'm staring at it everyday .
And eventually ... she 's going to recognize them . "
Exactly .
In her book Buy Buy Baby : How Consumer Culture Manipulates Parents and Harms Young Minds , Susan Gregory Thomas explores the widespread and controversial phenomenon of using spokes - characters in advertising to young children .
She describes one study in which toddlers are shown a made - up commercial with a mouse character .
The researcher 's hypothesis ?
If the mouse was seen eating a certain kind of cracker , when given a choice later , the child would choose those same crackers .
The study did n't support that hypothesis , but what it did demonstrate is the amazing capacity of young children for character recognition .
What surprised the researchers is that many children were able to recognize the mouse later , even if they did n't appear to be paying much attention to the TV screen .
Plethora of Dora
" The chief piece of learning that very young children mastered from watching characters on television was the ability to recognize them , " Gregory Thomas writes .
Epstein , for one , is clearly frustrated with this kind of character prevalence .
She remembers trying to find a Spanish - language picture book for Max , 11 months .
" Everything was Dora ! " she exclaims , referring to the popular Dora the Explorer animated kid's show about a 7 - year - old latina girl and her friends .
" I do n't want all his books to all be TV characters . "
Licensed characters are huge moneymakers for companies .
In 2005 , Winnie the Pooh earned Disney $ 6.2 billion in retail sales , according to Gregory Thomas , second only to the mouse .
Verbrugge believes all of this merchandising is the real problem , not necessarily the characters themselves .
" They 're trying to sell kids other products , from clothing to bedding ... there always needs to be something else that they 're striving to buy , " she says .
" It scares me when I see advertisements that showcase all these different products that show the child being engaged with a toy , " she says .
" They 're saying all the right things in the voiceover about baby learning and interactivity ... yet you just want to take that baby and turn him around to face the mom and have her play a simple game of patty - cake . "
Parents as sitting ducks
All the parents interviewed said they feel targeted by advertisers , and indeed , the desire to make one 's child happy is a powerful marketing tool .
Verbrugge , who used to work as a consultant on projects related to children 's online activities , says she attended many marketing conferences as part of her job .
" It taught me how sophisticated marketers are in reaching people , and more and more how integrated marketing is in everything we see and do , " she says .
" I think we 're seen as consumers ... how much wallet share do kids have , and how much can they influence our spending . "
Yet the push to buy does n't jive with the values these parents want to instill in their own kids -- values like critical thinking , individuality and sustainable living .
Finding the balance between what their kids want , what they need and what 's available is difficult , say these parents .
And they are the first to admit they are by no means perfect .
Off the wagon
" The only thing we can really do is in our home environments , in the environments we choose for our children , " says Verbrugge .
She and her husband request that friends and family buying for their three children steer clear of plastic .
But when Verbrugge 's father insisted on a plastic wagon for his grandkids , she figured the item was n't worth a fight .
Epstein and McMahon both say they make these requests as well -- and they are usually heeded .
" For his first birthday , we said gifts are not necessary , no plastic and preferably previously - owned and wearable or readable , " says Epstein .
At the same time , she says Max has toys she and husband Melvin would never buy , " but he loves them and a friend passed them on . "
" It 's not that I want to hide him in a bubble , away from all things Disney ... it's just that I want to be there to have a dialogue with him , like my parents did , " Epstein says .
Gabe Epstein , Kyla 's father , says he and her mother " did n't buy brand - name stuff in those days . "
The retired Grade 1 teacher says he regularly saw different trends and fads sweep through the school , but in his own class and home he tried to encourage individuality .
" While it lines the pockets of large corporations , branding undermines creativity and choices , in a sense , " he says .
" [ Diversity ] encourages the capacity to create something different . "
Hemp clothes , natural blocks ?
This kind of dialogue is critically important for children , says Michelle Stack , an assistant professor in educational studies at UBC .
" I 'm really concerned about the fact that rarely can children engage in play or interaction that do n't involve commercial or do n't involve getting their parents to buy something , " she says .
" It 's impossible for a kid not to be exposed to massive amounts of advertising even if the TV's off all the time -- it still requires a conversation . "
Stack says children need help understanding that , although they may find pleasure in TV and other media , they are designed with a purpose and often that purpose is to sell products or ideas .
Resisting the urge to spend for the sake of convenience or pleasure is difficult for parents as well ( especially when toting around a baby or toddler ) .
And , as all the parents pointed out , often the " best " choices -- natural wooden blocks or organic hemp clothing -- are also the most expensive .
" The most challenging thing about making an effort to not brand your child in what they wear , or play with ... is the fact that sometimes there are n't choices and sometimes the choices are economically out of reach , " says Epstein .
' Not easy '
But , as McMahon says , the best parents can hope to do is try and live the values they want their children to learn -- for their sake and for the sake of the environment .
" I think it 's really important to show the down side to it too ... in the sense that it 's not always easy , " she says .
" It 's not always easy to be a one - car family , it 's not easy to limit processed foods , to try to buy locally .
But I think at the end of the day , you have to live the values that you want , that ultimately you want your children to have . "
Tomorrow : Cough up the Halloween candy !
A mom's first person account .
Related
Tyee stories :
More spam appearing on social networks
Phishing also is increasingly common , trying to con users into revealing information
Wherever you go on the Web , it seems the riffraff are not far behind .
Consider Facebook , the social network started four years ago for Harvard students that has blossomed into a popular hangout for 70 million users .
Over the last month , some Facebook members have received messages inviting them to download free ring tones or buy male enhancement drugs .
These messages appeared to come from trusted friends , but the links led in one case to an affiliate ad network , Incentaclick , and in other cases to one of several sites offering drugs to improve sexual performance .
None of the sites could be contacted for this story .
Other phishing and adware schemes have been reported recently by the TechCrunch blog , Wired.com and several security vendors - Sophos , Fortinet and Cloudmark , which said it 's been hired by a top social network that it can't name to improve security and block spam .
The goal of many of these schemes is to collect users ' passwords so members ' profiles can be used as launch sites for spam delivery and hackers phishing for sensitive information .
Spammers who direct people to an ad network like Incentaclick get paid per click , said Derek Manky , a security researcher at Fortinet , and the drug sites are probably parts of automated " botnets " whose controllers can quickly redirect victims to new sites as older sites are detected and taken down .
People have become accustomed to getting spam in e-mail messages , but finding a message posted directly to your Facebook profile can be jarring , especially if your only contacts are people you know .
" People feel safer on Facebook because of the brand they 've built up , " said Corey Lewis , a Facebook member who works at the LaunchSquad , a public relations agency in San Francisco .
Attractive targets
He keeps his Facebook applications to a minimum to avoid security problems , he said , so when he received the same invitation last month from two friends asking him to download ring tones , he was startled .
" I thought , ' They ( Facebook ) are not infallible , ' " he said .
Social networks have become potentially lucrative targets for advertisers , marketers and cybercriminals , and Facebook - with its professional and increasingly older membership - is a prized trove of information .
" It 's happening all across social media , " said Jeremiah Owyang , an analyst at Forrester Research .
" These networks will learn how to filter content based on your preferences , but no network is doing it well now . "
Facebook said it is aware of the security problems and last week posted a blog entry warning people not to click on strange links or re-enter their Facebook passwords on Web sites .
People who think they 've been targets should reset their passwords , the blog said , as well as keep an eye out for spam on friends ' walls and tell them to delete it .
Security has been better at Facebook than at MySpace , the social network owned by News Corp. , said Saar Gur of Charles River Ventures , which invests in companies that develop Facebook applications .
Anybody could join MySpace from its inception , but Facebook was created as a closed network , with membership open only to people who had e-mail addresses ending in .edu .
Eighteen months ago , however , Facebook threw its doors open to the public .
Then last May , the site opened its software platform to outside developers .
The market has exploded - there are more than 20,000 applications , Gur said , with 140 new ones added every day .
Facebook members have installed applications more than 300 million times .
While the new software makes Facebook even more fun to use - members can throw virtual sheep at , " poke " or " vampire bite " their friends - it's also made Facebook more vulnerable to complaints about spam .
In the last few weeks , for instance , Facebook members have complained about receiving a lewd drawing of a nude woman on their Fun Walls accompanied by a message that said , " Click forward to see what happens . "
People who took that advice unwittingly sent the drawing to their friends and suffered the further embarrassment of having to ask their friends to remove it from their profiles .
Facebook does n't make the Fun Wall - it 's a product of Slide.com , one of Facebook 's most popular developers - and Slide said the drawing is n't technically spam because it was n't created by an outsider .
" It 's coming from within the friend network , " said Tammy Nam , Slide 's communications director , and is somebody 's idea of a joke .
Slide has removed the drawing once , she said , but it 's reappeared , not just on the Fun Wall but on other Slide applications .
She said Slide is working on giving users more control over their applications .
In the meantime , she said , " When you get something that even looks spammy , just delete it . "
Not everybody associated with Facebook thinks security is problem .
One young entrepreneur - Naval Ravikant , who founded Hit Forge , an angel fund for social media startups - said security is an issue created by the media .
Are reports overblown ?
Most Facebook members know how to protect their passwords , he contended , and if your profile does get penetrated , what 's the loss ?
" It 's not like you 're losing valuable information , like credit card numbers , " he said .
But others said Facebook offers extremely valuable information - such as the social graph , the map of a member and all his friends - and is struggling to balance security and openness .
Bob Bickel , a co-founder of Ringside Networks , which builds a server that integrates social networks like Facebook with any Web site , predicts that users soon will be able to customize their security .
" They will figure out a system in the end that will look something like the security panel in a modern browser , " he said .
" You can choose low , medium or high or set 100 different dials . "
Variables.article:description
Variables.article:subheadline
Variables.article:urlbody
Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited .
All rights reserved .
Distribution , transmission or republication of any material from www.thestar.com is strictly prohibited without the prior written permission of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited .
For information please contact us using our webmaster form .
www.thestar.com online since 1996 .
( Note : The image was shot at one of the Burning Man annual events .
Wikipedia has more here . )
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese forces found firearms hidden throughout a Tibetan temple in an ethnic Tibetan area of southwestern China which has been the scene of anti-Chinese riots in recent weeks , state television said .
And Chinese police detained five air passengers , possibly Tibetans , whose “ suspicious remarks ” prompted the return of their flight half an hour after take - off from the southern city of Shenzhen , a newspaper reported .
Police , responding to what they said was a tip - off from the public , found 30 firearms in the monastery in Aba prefecture of Sichuan province last month , state television said in a report , a transcript of which was posted on its Web site ( www.cctv.com ) .
“ At the time these firearms were scattered around , some were where the monks keep the scriptures , ” policeman Lan Bo told the program .
“ They were modified semi-automatic weapons . ”
Aba has seen confrontations between police and Tibetan protesters who , along with Tibetans in Tibet proper , have been protesting against China ’s rule and calling for the return of the exiled Buddhist leader , the Dalai Lama .
Protesters have also disrupted the global torch relay for the 2008 Beijing Olympics , but the torch passed through Tanzania ’s commercial capital of Dar Es Salaam peacefully on Sunday .
The official People ’s Daily newspaper accused Western media of distorting protests against the relay and playing up their scale .
It also lashed out at the European Parliament for failing to condemn the “ Dalai clique ” , which China accuses of being behind March 14 riots in Lhasa in which it says 19 people were killed .
Exiled Tibetans give a far higher death toll .
“ People cannot help but ask : the European Parliament always brags about human rights and freedom , so why does it turn a deaf ear to the serious human rights abuse of attacks on and killings of innocent people in Tibet ? ”
RIFLES AND KNIVES
China ’s ambassador to Ireland walked out on a speech on Saturday in which Environment Minister John Gormley accused China of human rights abuses in Tibet .
And visiting Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf opposed the West’s “ superimposition ” of democratic values and human rights on China .
“ We condemn any attempt by anyone to undermine the process of Olympic preparations , especially the Olympic torch ( relay ) , ” Musharraf told the China Daily .
He ensured students and academics in Beijing the torch would be safe when it reached Pakistan .
“ Tibet is an inalienable part of China , ” he said in a speech .
Slideshow ( 19 images )
The temple in which state television said the weapons were found was named by the program in Chinese as Geerdeng .
In a recent visit to western Gansu province , officials showed reporters a film including weapons seized from demonstrators , including a few hunting rifles , many Tibetan knives , and lassos .
No demonstrators shown on the films were armed .
China has tightened security of its airways ahead of the Olympics and says it foiled a plot last month by Muslim Uighur separatists to blow up a plane .
Slideshow ( 19 images )
The Southern Metropolis Daily said on Monday police detained five passengers whose remarks prompted the return of their flight after take - off in the southern boomtown of Shenzhen en route to Chengdu , capital of Sichuan .
The five talked in a language “ others could not understand ” , the newspaper said on its Web site ( www.nddaily.com).
A caption said police were checking “ several Tibetans who made the remarks ” .
One of them smiled at a flight attendant and said to her “ Read the news tomorrow ” , it quoted a witness as saying .
“ Perhaps it was this sentence that caused alarm among the crew , ” the witness was quoted as saying .
China has accused the Dalai Lama of orchestrating the violence in Tibet and other Tibetan areas of the country .
But the Dalai Lama has rejected the accusations , speaking out against the use of violence , calling for talks with China and backing the Beijing Olympics .
Chinese media has mentioned the Dalai Lama ’s announced support for Beijing holding the Olympics , but has then immediately condemned him for being insincere .
Two different theories exist concerning the origin of children : the theory of Sexual reproduction , and the theory of the stork .
Many people believe in the theory of sexual reproduction because they have been taught this theory at school .
In reality , however , many of the world ’s leading scientists are in favor of the theory of the stork .
If the theory of sexual reproduction is taught in schools , it must only be taught as a theory and not as the truth .
Alternative theories , such as the theory of the stork , must also be taught .
Evidence supporting the theory of the stork includes the following :
1 . It is a scientifically established fact that the stork does exist .
This can be confirmed by every ornithologist .
2 . The alleged human fetal development contains several features that the theory of sexual reproduction is unable to explain .
3 . The theory of sexual reproduction implies that a child is approximately nine months old at birth .
This is an absurd claim .
Everyone knows that a newborn child is newborn .
4 . According to the theory of sexual reproduction , children are a result of sexual intercourse .
There are , however , several well documented cases where sexual intercourse has not led to the birth of a child .
5. Statistical studies in the Netherlands have indicated a positive correlation between the birth rate and the number of storks .
Both are decreasing .
6 . The theory of the stork can be investigated by rigorous scientific methods .
The only assumption involved is that children are delivered by the stork .
Origins Unknown
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Geneva , Switzerland
More than 700 exhibitors , from 45 countries , are presenting at the 36th International Exhibition of Invention – the world 's largest expo devoted to innovation .
Here we present a selection of the inventors and their contraptions ...
Text size
IN ALL LIKELIHOOD , ALAN GREENSPAN has more honorary Ph.D.s than any living economist , which is no mean feat -- regardless of the chortling chorus of critics who suggest he played midwife to the first great economic crisis of the 21st century and thus is overly lionized as a financial genius .
He has honorary degrees enough to fill a fair - sized wall , including parchment from Yale , Harvard , Notre Dame , Colgate , Wake Forest , Pennsylvania , Edinburgh ( Scotland ) .
The Doctor - Doctor also received an honorary knighthood in 2002 at Balmoral from Queen Elizabeth II .
Sorry to say , this accolade did not come with a suit of armor .
Greenspan , who left the Fed in 2006 but is still consulted as a genius , might find a metallic exoskeleton exceptionally comforting come May , when the University of Texas Press publishes an unflattering book by Robert Auerbach entitled Deception and Abuse at the Fed : Henry B. Gonzalez Battles Alan Greenspan 's Bank .
Auerbach , a veteran Fed basher , portrays Greenspan as a real - life Professor Marvel -- who , through double - talk or " garblement , " transformed himself into a mighty economic wizard à la Oz.
Auerbach strongly implies that Greenspan 's 1977 Ph.D. from New York University was obtained in a few months with little more rigor than a matchbook - cover art degree and that Greenspan has kept his Ph.D. thesis secret in order to protect his vaunted academic reputation .
Greenspan appears to have taken only a few months to obtain his NYU doctorate in ' 77 .
Although Auerbach 's evidence is circumstantial , it certainly is provocative .
For years , NYU told the public that , at Greenspan 's request , the thesis was locked away from public view in a vault at its Bobst Library .
Auerbach himself was told this in January 2004 when he tried to obtain a copy .
" Normally , " writes Auerbach , " a Ph.D. dissertation in a field such as economics must be in a form sophisticated enough to be usable in research , must make a contribution to the existing body of knowledge , and must be original , unpublished work .
When approved , the Ph.D. candidate is normally required to supply a bound copy of the dissertation , which remains in the university 's library and is available for future researchers to consult . "
Auerbach , who has a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Chicago ( Nobel laureate Milton Friedman was his thesis adviser ) , kept requesting access to the papers until NYU 's provost , David McLaughlin , finally admitted in August 2005 that , " I can tell you that it was the practice of the business school , during the 1970s , not to deposit dissertations with the library .
Thus , a copy of Greenspan 's dissertation is not in the Bobst Library .
We suggest that you contact Greenspan directly in order to obtain a copy of his dissertation . "
Writes Auerbach : " Evidently , he wanted me to believe that NYU business Ph.D.s just took their dissertations home and put them in a drawer . "
Auerbach says in a footnote that he made no request to Greenspan for a copy because " the publication of a scholarly addition to existing knowledge is the obligation of the university and the Ph.D. candidate . "
Barron's is not bound by such academic niceties and requested a copy from Greenspan , as well as a response to Auerbach 's assertions .
The Maestro 's spokeswoman told us that his busy travel schedule precluded him from getting back to us in time for our deadline .
As for two inquires to the provost , they went unanswered .
Greenspan , writes Auerbach , obtained his NYU doctorate in a few months , 27 years after earning a master 's there .
He had just completed a stint as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers for both presidents Nixon and Ford , when inflation went wild .
His performance hardly suggested that he'd one day become a legendary Fed chairman .
Exactly how Greenspan wrapped up his NYU studies in such a short period is unclear , but it appears that his thesis was n't especially time - consuming .
Auerbach cites an earlier biography that says that Greenspan submitted -- instead of a normal Ph.D. dissertation -- some papers totaling 176 pages that he entitled Papers on Economic Theory and Policy .
Among them was at least one he 'd written earlier .
Author Robert Auerbach has been tilting at Greenspan for years .
Greenspan and Auerbach , as you have gathered , hardly are boon companions .
Auerbach was an aide to Henry Gonzalez when the quixotic Texas Democratic populist , who chaired the powerful House Banking Committee , decided to make the Federal Reserve more accountable to the taxpayers .
( Full disclosure : Auerbach has been a source for this writer for years , and writes kindly of me in the book . )
The Fed , which considers itself as sacrosanct as the Supreme Court , treated Gonzalez at best as a mere nuisance and at worst as a garrulous fool .
In the end , the institution paid a steep price for its arrogance : Gonzalez , who is dismissed in a few lines in Greenspan 's recent memoirs , discovered heaps of dirty laundry , including the then - Fed chief 's infamous 1993 attempt to mislead the Banking Committee about the existence of detailed transcripts of 17 years ' worth of Federal Open Market Committee meetings .
Auerbach contends in his book that Greenspan 's invisible Ph.D. thesis is symbolic of a career marked by prevarication , cover-ups and a general aversion to making the Fed more publicly accountable .
He calls on Congress to " bring the Fed into the Democracy " because " unelected Fed decision makers should not decide what the public should know about how they are running the central bank . "
Unlike Greenspan , Auerbach writes : " No one should be given the immense powers bestowed on the Board of Governors and the FOMC without having his or her credentials publicly examined . "
If only Greenspan 's thesis were available to examine .
Dr. Seuss has some new competition .
Dr. Michael Salzhauer is a Florida plastic surgeon who has swapped his scalpel for a typewriter .
His debut work , “ My Beautiful Mommy , ” attempts to educate the children of plastic surgery patients about tummy tucks , breast enhancements and nose jobs .
The story is told through the eyes of a little girl whose mother has a crooked nose and loose tummy .
After mommy informs her that she wo n’t look the same after the operations , the little girl asks , “ Why are you going to look different ? ” Mommy responds : “ Not just different , my dear — prettier ! ”
The good doctor said that since so many moms brought their children to his office , he felt the need to provide a vehicle of explaining a mother ’s desire for plastic surgery , recuperation and changed physical appearance .
“ There are people who are going to read this and say ‘ You ’re indoctrinating kids and idealizing beauty . ’
That ’s not the intention of the book at all , ” said Salzhauer .
Really ?
“ It 's worse than last year , and last year was worse than the year before .
So , it 's bad .
And there are a lot of good , big beekeepers that are having a lot of problems .
I think we 're coming in for a big train wreck . ”
- Gilly Sherman , Beekeeper
April 10 , 2008 Gainesville , Florida - On April 5 , 2008 , England 's BBC
News carried a report entitled , “ U. S. Fears Over Honey Bee Collapse . ”
A California beekeeper , Gilly Sherman , was interviewed and he said sobering words : “ It 's worse than last year , and last year was worse than the year before .
So , it 's bad .
And there are a lot of good , big beekeepers that are having a lot of problems .
I think we 're coming in for a big train wreck . ”
I took that quote to Jerry Hayes , Chief , Apiary Section , Florida Department of Agriculture , and President of the Apiary Inspectors of America in Gainesville , Florida and asked for his comment .
In a nutshell : do n’t .
Bad situations to wait until the last minute :
Catching a transcontinental flight
Asking your secret crush to the prom
Applying for a summer internship
Setting customer expectations
Studying for the SATs
Saving for retirement
Giving up smoking
Asking for a raise
Teaching ethical behavior to your kids
Winning a primary
Asking for directions
Sharing an idea
And , for balance , two times when it pays :
Last night , NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams allotted eighty seconds to yesterday 's momentous Supreme Court ruling that there 's nothing unconstitutional with Indiana 's law requiring a photo ID to vote .
Meanwhile , during the same broadcast , it spent over two minutes on the concern caused by photos of teen star Miley Cyrus in Vanity Fair .
That would be embarrassing enough for a news organization purporting to be credible .
But earlier in the day on the Nightly News blog The Daily Nightly , anchor and managing editor Brian Williams ( in a post titled " What Times Is It ? " ) actually took The New York Times to task for publishing puff pieces .
Now , Williams wo n't get an argument from me on The Times ' penchant for such reporting in between serious news items , which can bump a crucial story to the back pages ( that 's why " NYT Front|Back " is an ongoing series here ) .
But Williams is either in bunker - mentality denial or gallingly disingenuous to suggest he and his newscast - not to mention his network news colleagues and the mainstream media at large - do n't regularly focus attention on the same kind of tripe at the expense of substantive news .
Talk about your glass houses .
How big has Williams ' bubble grown ?
Did it not cross his mind that people might read his post , then watch his newscast and call him out on his hypocritical , cognitive dissonant analysis ?
Does he realize that even though he might wish to remain in his Big Media bubble , that it 's precisely this kind of intellectual dishonesty and brain - dead hackery that drove , and continues to drive , millions of formerly trusting viewers to seek their news elsewhere ?
What 's more , Williams and NBC poorly handled those eighty whole seconds they allocated to the Supreme Court ruling on voter IDs .
They not only failed to present one dissenting viewpoint - whether from a Supreme Court Justice , legal scholar , civil rights lawyer or voters in Indiana - but also to point out how this ruling will impact the upcoming primary in Indiana , where , as the Associated Press reported yesterday , " more than 20 percent of black voters do not have access to a valid photo ID . "
Instead , ignoring substantive context , dissenting views and serious implications on the constitutional right to vote , Brian Williams framed the issue for NBC justice correspondent Pete Williams ( former longtime aide to Dick Cheney ) through a Fox News - like lens :
BRIAN WILLIAMS : Pete , let 's come at this a little differently .
In a nation where in the post - 9/11 era , we need a photo ID to fly , why was it a big story today , this court ruling that we need it to vote ?
Yeah , what 's all the fuss about , Pete ?
I mean , sure , we 're only spending eighty seconds on this story , but let 's take it from the angle of questioning why we should cover it at all .
Of course , Brian turned to the right correspondent to take a complex issue involving civil liberties and the Constitution and , for all intents and purposes , reduce it down to corporate media stenography and Bush administration talking points .
A skilled piece of journalistic hackery in short form :
PETE WILLIAMS : Well , showing a photo ID at the airport has been upheld because of the need for security .
Now the Supreme Court said that states can require voter ID at the polls to prevent voter fraud .
Georgia , Florida and Michigan have laws like Indiana 's and seventeen other states were waiting for today 's decision before considering laws of their own to make voting another part of American life requiring a photo ID , just like flying .
Today 's vote was six - to - three , with one of the most liberal justices , John Paul Stevens , in the majority .
He said most people do already have a photo ID and that for those who do n't , who are poor , elderly or handicapped , this may add to their burden .
But he said it was not enough to overcome the state 's interest in discouraging fraud , Brian .
Our curious anchor 's follow - up ?
BRIAN WILLIAMS : All right .
Pete Williams in Washington for us .
Pete , thanks .
Adding insult to injury , this clip is not currently available on its own on MSNBC's Nightly News website ( it 's only accessible through watching a video of the full broadcast ) .
But fear not , Brian 's two - minute - plus Miley Cyrus ( aka , Hannah Montana ) report , covered by NBC correspondent Rehema Ellis , is there in all its gratuitously vapid glory .
Never mind how the Supreme Court 's decision will directly affect the Indiana Democratic primary , the presidential election in November , and , potentially , voting rights of US citizens for years to come .
NBC Nightly News and Brian Williams provided their viewers with a much more valuable piece of information : the " ruckus " over teen sensation Miley Cyrus ' photo spread in Vanity Fair and an answer to the question that 's keeping most Americans awake at night :
REHEMA ELLIS , NBC CORRESPONDENT :
How could this affect the pop star 's career ?
Editor 's Note : Appreciate this post ?
Subscribe to receive MediaBloodhound email alerts so you do n't miss the next one .
MBH does n't post daily , so it 's a great way to keep up with the latest .
And it 's easy to subscribe : 1 ) Enter your email address above the " Subscribe " button in top right - hand column of this site and click button ;
2 ) Check your inbox for auto email from " confirmations@emailenfuego.com " ( if you do n't see it , check your spam folder ) ; 3 ) Open email , click confirm link and you 're done .
Thanks for your readership .
- Brad Jacobson
The existing PIADC which the proposed facility will replace has a disastrous record of leaks and security breaches :
July 21 , 1954 – Plum Island worker contracts Vesicular Stomatitis after exposure to an infected animal .
December 24 , 1967 – The New York Times reports “ Fatal Virus Found in Wild Ducks on L.I . ”
A virus never before seen in the Western Hemisphere , which began with ducks on the North and South Forks of Long Island opposite Plum Island , spread across the entire continent by 1975 .
1971 – USDA proclaims that “ Plum Island is considered the safest in the world on virus diseases .
As proof of this statement there has never been a disease outbreak among the susceptible animals maintained outside the laboratory on the island since it was established . ”
1975 – PIADC begins work feeding viruses to “ hard tics , ” including the Lone Star tic ( now endemic to NY but before 1975 never seen outside of Texas ) which is a carrier of Borelia burgdorferi , the Lyme Disease bacteria .
First cases of the disease later known as Lyme Disease reported in Connecticut and Eastern Long Island , both directly across form Plum Island .
Current epidemiologic data shows that epicenter of all U.S. cases of Lyme disease was centered at Plum Island , N.Y .
September 15 , 1978 – News release : “ Foot and Mouth Disease has been diagnosed in cattle in a pre-experimental animal holding facility at the Plum Island Animal Disease Center . ”
A documented outbreak had occurred .
1979 – Internal investigation of the foot and mouth disease outbreak uncovers massive widespread failures in containment systems at PIADC .
Committee report : “ Recommend that Lab 101 not be considered as a safe facility in which to do work on exotic disease agents until corrective action is accomplished . ”
1979 – Disregarding the committee recommendation , the US Army undertakes investigation of deadly “ Zagazig 501 ” strain of Rift Valley Fever at PIADC .
Sheep held outside of the lab that should have been destroyed as part of the containment policy following the foot and mouth disease outbreak were vaccinated with an experimental Rift Valley Fever vaccine , in violation of the lab ’s primary directive prohibiting outdoor experiments .
1982 – Federal review board begun after foot and mouth outbreak issues annual report :
“ We believe there is a potentially dangerous situation and that without an immediate massive effort to correct deficiencies , a severe accident could result …
[ L ] ack of preventive maintenance , [ and ] pressures by management to expedite programs have resulted in compromising safety . ”
1983 – Six Plum Island workers test positive for African Swine fever virus .
Workers were not notified of their results .
1991 – Federal government decides to privatize PIADC .
A New Jersey company , Burns & Roe Services Corporation , is the low bidder and is awarded the contract .
In order to cut costs , expensive safety and security measures are scaled back .
June 1991 – An underground power cable supplying Lab 257 at PIADC shorts out and is not replaced because there was no money left in the budget .
August 18 , 1991 – Category 3 Hurricane Bob hits Plum Island knocking down overhead power lines connecting Lab 257 to its only remaining source of electricity , a generator at another location on the island .
Freezers containing virus samples defrost , air seals on lab doors are breached , and animal holding room vents fail .
The lab ’s ‘ fail - safe ’ mechanism of ‘ air dampers ’ to seal off the facility also fail in the open position .
Melted virus samples mix with infected animal waste on the floor while swarms of mosquitoes fill the facility .
September 1991 – USDA denies that any system failures occurred during the hurricane .
Both workers in Lab 257 at the time of the blackout are fired .
Both later develop mysterious undiagnosed diseases .
1992 – OSHA and EPA cite PIADC with hundreds of safety violations .
OSHA returned five years later and found that the violations had not been corrected .
At that time 124 new violations were found .
July 13 , 1992 – While USDA continues to officially deny that any biological weapons research takes place at PIADC , fourteen Joint Chiefs of Staff , Army , and Pentagon officials visit Plum Island .
Internal documents indicate that the visit was “ to meet with [ Plum Island ] staff regarding biological warfare . ”
Early 1990s – PIADC annual report to Congress is eliminated .
August 1999 – First four human cases of West Nile virus ever reported in the Western hemisphere are diagnosed on Long Island , NY .
Horse farms , all within a five mile radius of one another , on the North Fork of Long Island directly opposite Plum Island , report horses dying following seizures .
25 % of the horses in this small area test positive for West Nile virus .
Of the 271,000 equines tested in three states at the time of the outbreak only those on the North Fork of Long Island were positive .
1999 – New York Postquotes USDA spokesperson : “ … top security [ at Plum Islands ] does not mean top - secret . ”
In spite of this statement , attempts to obtain information on the inventory of viruses in storage at PIADC under the federal freedom of information act were denied on the basis of ‘ national security . ’
1999 – A cold war era document is declassified proving that in the early 1950s twelve vials of weaponized Anthrax ( enough to kill over 1 million people ) were shipped to PIADC .
This revelation directly contradicts prior official statements to the contrary by government agencies .
1999 – New York Timesreports that PIADC is quietly beginning to upgrade to BSL - 4 status .
Public outcry prompts US Congressman Mike Forbes to intervene and funding for the project is killed in the 2001 federal budget .
July 2000 – New York State Department of Environmental Conservation ( DEC ) finds “ very troubling ” hazardous waste violations at PIADC prompting New York State attorney general to sue USDA .
July 2001 – Court approved consent order forces USDA to admit to sewage discharge violations .
September 2001 – Shortly after the 9/11 terrorist attacks someone begins sending weaponized Anthrax through the US mail , killing five people .
Genetic analysis showed that the dry Anthrax spores used in the attack originated from USAMRIID ( Fort Detrick , MD ) .
Even though USDA continued to deny the presence of weaponized Anthrax at PIADC the FBI included the following questions in their polygraph tests of scientists under investigation : “ Have you ever been to Plum Island ? ” “ Do you know anyone who works at Plum Island ? ” “ What do they do there ? ”
August 2002 – PIADC workers go out on strike to protest unsafe working conditions .
December 2002 – National Resources Defense Council names Plum Island “ number 2 ” of 12 worst polluters in N.Y. and N.J. A state senator on the task force comments : “ What disturbs me is the consistent flow of misinformation … .
I feel that some of the misinformation borders on a cover -up .
[ I ]t shakes the foundation of our very form of government . ”
2002 – Pakistani police arrest Sultan Bashiruddin Mahmood , a nuclear physicist with ties to Osama Bin Laden , and Mullah Omar .
From his residence they recover material on Plum Island .
June 2003 – President George W. Bush transfers control of PIADC to Homeland Security .
Airspace over Plum Island remains unrestricted , and gates to Lab 101 are open and unguarded .
ACLU tells Senate : Stop Bush 's abuse of ' state secrets '
Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday April 24 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Update : State Secrets bill passes Senate Judiciary Committee The Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday approved a bill aimed at reigning in what critics see as President Bush 's abuse of his state secrets privilege .
" Congress needs to ensure and the American people need to feel confident that the courts are adjudicating the privilege properly and not just giving the Executive a free pass , " Sen .
Edward Kennedy ( D - MA ) , the bill 's primary sponsor , said in a press release .
" This legislation is not just about safeguarding the rights of private parties , important as that is .
It s also about safeguarding the public interest , shared by all Americans , in having an executive branch that complies with the law and the Constitution and in preserving the integrity of our courts .
No one in America should be above the law .
Thats why this legislation is so critical and why it has such broad support . "
The committee 's ranking Republican , Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , also sponsored the bill , which is headed to the full Senate .
" While national security must be protected , " he said , " there must also be meaningful oversight by the courts and Congress to ensure the Executive branch does not misuse the privilege . 
Civil liberties group says administration invokes privilege to prevent court oversight The American Civil Liberties Union is pressing the Senate to rebuke the Bush administration 's over - eager invocation of its state secrets privilege to block all manner of judicial oversight of its most controversial programs , including extraordinary rendition and warrantless wiretapping .
The Senate Judiciary Committee is meeting Thursday to finalize the State Secrets Protection Act sponsored by Sens. Edward Kennedy ( D - MA ) and Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) .
 The administrations frequent and broad use of the state secrets privilege goes to the very root of its abuse of power ,  Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office , said in a news release .
 The privilege has been misused and abused for long enough .
Senator Kennedys legislation will allow for a court to review the governments national security claims and will rightly reinstate the role of the judiciary .
The ACLU is representing Khaled El - Masri , a German citizen who was kidnapped by the CIA as part of its rendition program , in a lawsuit against the government .
El - Masri , whose kidnapping came as part of the CIA 's extraordinary rendition program , is innocent , the ACLU says .
He was transported to Afghanistan where he says he was beaten and tortured .
The Bush administration invoked state secrets to thwart El - Masri 's lawsuit , so the ACLU earlier this month appealed to the Inter - American Commission on Human Rights , an autonomous body of the Organization of American States of which the US is a member .
It is headquartered in Washington .
The ACLU is also working with the Electronic Frontier Foundation with plaintiffs suing telecommunications companies alleging they violated privacy laws by facilitating President Bush 's warrantless wiretapping program .
The administration has invoked state secrets in those 40 or so lawsuits , as well .
Kennedy says his bill would regulate use of the state secrets privilege to protect legitimate classified information from being released while still ensuring that courts have a role in checking the executive branch , according to a press release .
The goal of our bill is to protect legitimate state secrets from disclosure , prevent misuse of the privilege , and allow litigants to have their day in court .
Federal judges already handle sensitive information under the Classified Information Procedures Act , the Freedom of Information Act , and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
There is no reason they cant do so in civil cases as well .
Our bill has already been endorsed by a number of legal groups and scholars .
As a New York Times editorial stated , it will give victims fair access to the courts and make it harder for the government to hide illegal or embarrassing conduct behind unsupported claims .
. . . .
Of course , legitimate secrets need to be protected , and the legislation contains safeguards to ensure that .
Similar editorials have been published by the San Francisco Chronicle , the Salt Lake Tribune , and numerous legal blogs .
In a letter ( .pdf ) to the Judiciary Committee , the ACLU argued that the administration 's interpretation of state secrets was unconstitutional and at odds with the basic idea of separation of powers .
" By claiming powers that neither the legislature nor the judiciary can properly regulate , the Bush administration has endeavored to upend this delicate balance , " ACLU lawyers wrote .
" In Federalist No. 47 James Madison warned , ' The accumulation of all powers , legislative , executive , and judiciary , in the same hands , whether of one , a few , or many , and whether hereditary , self - appointed , or elective , may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny . ' "
CHARLOTTE , N.C. -- Sen. Hillary Clinton is reminding economically hard - hit voters how much better they had it in the 1990s , but bringing up the past also risks taking them back to the scandals and partisan divides associated with former President Bill Clinton -- memories Sen.
Barack Obama has tried to exploit .
The criticism points to an enduring problem within the Clinton campaign .
For more than a year , Clinton aides have grappled with how to emphasize the positive aspects of the Clinton presidency while allowing Sen .
Clinton to forge her own identity and avoid being a reminder of what people did n't like about the 1990s .
" We recognize we can't rest on the laurels of the 1990s , " says Clinton campaign spokesman Mo Elleithee .
" But at the same time a lot of people from all demographics have fond memories of what their lives were like in the ' 90s . "
The former first lady recently began citing more statistics about the decade .
Her stump speech now paints a detailed portrait of a time when the World Trade Center towers were still standing , more than 22 million jobs were created , the budget was balanced and the average American family 's income increased by $ 7,000 .
" Sometimes during this campaign I hear criticism of the 1990s .
That 's fair .
It 's an election and we 've got to expect to be criticized , " Sen .
Clinton told an audience last week in Fayetteville , N.C.
She continued with a line she has repeated often : " But I always wonder what part of the 1990s they did n't like : the peace or the prosperity ? "
Eugene Robinson reflects my feelings :
I believe he might have pulled off something that seemed almost impossible :
He not only ventured into the minefield of race and made it back alive , but he also marked a path for the rest of us to follow .
Michael Gerson somehow manages to say that this was " one of the finest political performances under pressure since John F. Kennedy at the Greater Houston Ministerial Association in 1960 , " and yet damns Obama all the same .
According to Gerson , nothing Obama can say now can remove the taint of some of Wright 's worst moments , and nothing else that Wright has said and done for the good can be weighed in the balance .
This from a man who flaunts his Christianity as a job credential .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
The Aircar can be filled with air in just three minutes
The OneCAT will be a five - seater with a fibre - glass body , weighing just 350kg and could cost just over £ 2,500 .
It will be driven by compressed air stored in carbon - fibre tanks built into the chassis .
The tanks can be filled with air from a compressor in just three minutes - much quicker than a battery car .
Alternatively , it can be plugged into the mains for four hours and an on - board compressor will do the job .
For long journeys the compressed air driving the pistons can be boosted by a fuel burner which heats the air so it expands and increases the pressure on the pistons .
The burner will use all kinds of liquid fuel .
The designers say on long journeys the car will do the equivalent of 120 mpg .
In town , running on air , it will be cheaper than that .
" The first buyers will be people who care about the environment , " says French inventor Guy Negre .
" It also has to be economical . "
Major savings
Mr Negre has been promising for more than a decade to be on the verge of a breakthrough .
Independent observers are more convinced this time because he recently secured backing from the giant Indian conglomerate Tata to put the finishing touches to the engine .
The compressed air is stored in carbon - fibre tanks
" This will be a major saving in total emissions , " he says .
" Imagine we will be able to save all those components travelling the world and all those transporters . "
He wants each local factory to sell its own cars to cut out the middle man and he aims for 1 % of global sales - about 680,000 per year .
Terry Spall from the Institution of Mechanical Engineers says : " I really hope he succeeds .
It is a really brave experiment in producing a sustainable car . "
But he said he was interested to see how the car would fare with safety tests and how much it would appeal to a public conditioned to expect luxury fittings adding to the weight of the vehicle .
Mr Negre says there 's no issue with safety - if the air - car crashes the air tanks wo n't shatter - they will split with a very loud bang .
" The biggest risk is to the ears . "
For the past few years , the number of people who are running online businesses has increased tremendously .
And up to these days , lots of individuals are still exploring this option .
They find it way better than managing a business the traditional way .
You have plenty of choices when it comes to the type of online business .
As discussed at jvanderlaan.com , the drill is that you have to pick a profitable niche , build a website , attract visitors , and monetize your website .
And this is when the fun begins !
Regardless if you are starting an e-commerce website , a blog , or any other type of online business , here are the benefits :
Helps Save Money
Do you have any idea how much money you will have to spend if you decide to establish a brick - and - mortar company ?
You will have to rent a space or perhaps purchase a property , and this could cost a lot !
You might end up not having enough funds for the business itself with such expenses alone .
On the other hand , opting for an online business , can save you thousands of dollars because you really do n’t have to rent or build an office .
All you need basically is a computer and a reliable internet connection .
You can then put more cash towards your stocks or inventory , depending on the line of business that you are getting into .
Provides Freedom
One of the biggest benefits of running a business on the internet is perhaps the freedom that it provides .
You can conduct your operations anywhere you are .
Regardless if you are going on a vacation , sitting at a coffee shop while enjoying your favorite drink , or maybe sunbathing in Hawaii , you can still get to manage your company .
As long as you have your device and you are connected to the internet , you are good to go .
Eliminates the Hassle
Aside from the high cost , establishing a physical store is a tedious task .
Whereas if you do your business online , you wo n’t have to go through all the hassles .
There are still some work that need to be done , but most of which are about creating an excellent website .
With this , you can hire professional web developers and designers to ensure that everything is done perfectly .
Gives the Opportunity to Reach More Customers
Many online companies are very successful , and that is due to the fact that they are able to reach a wider range of audiences .
This is something that you wo n’t be able to do if you go with a conventional business .
But if you operate on the internet , you can attract the attention of consumers all over the world .
Driving over the brow of the hill on the road leading away from the commando training centre in Devon , I felt like the happiest man who had ever lived .
It was sunset , music was blaring , and I was thumping the ceiling of my VW Camper in unadulterated joy .
I was free .
After months of uncertainty , lies , imprisonment and shame , I finally had my life back , and it lay glittered with hope in front of me .
It was the mid 1990s .
I had enlisted in the Royal Marines Commandos and , 30 weeks later , earned my green beret after completing the longest , toughest military training course that can be joined direct from civilian life .
Of our original troop of 32 , only 11 had succeeded and I felt enormous pride .
But I faced a problem : the training had not worked .
Officially I was a commando , but mentally I was not wholly with them - I remained too free - thinking .
Ironically , it was this aspect of my personality that had drawn me to the marines .
They were interested in a certain calibre of soldier - intelligent , independent and mentally robust .
I had needed to get away from my home town , where I was in trouble with a number of drug dealers , and the armed forces provided a good escape .
But if I was to join up , I wanted to be the best , better than my army father had been .
I read widely about various units and decided that the marines were most my style .
I enjoyed training immensely .
Before passing out I had considered going a step further and applying for the Special Boat Service , the navy equivalent of the SAS .
But during the famous 30 - mile march across Dartmoor , which completed the commando tests , I suffered a painful fracture in my foot .
I finished the march , but was on crutches for two weeks afterwards , and then , while all my mates were getting drafted to units , I was kept at the training centre in Lympstone for a course of physiotherapy and recuperation .
Too much sitting around and playing my guitar led my mind to wander .
I began to question why I was doing this , and what I had really been trained for .
I realised that I was a pacifist and that I did not want to follow orders .
I considered a commission , for which I had been singled out during training , but felt that I no more wanted to give orders than to take them .
I wanted to travel the world , but wielding a guitar rather than a rifle , and marching alone rather than in single file .
I had more than three years to go before I could apply to leave the service .
I investigated buying myself out before then , but could not afford the required £ 42,000 .
I thought of going awol , but decided to find a safer way .
Feigning mental illness , asthma or amnesia were possibilities .
Drug - taking was another .
A fellow marine helped me compile a list - a long list - of all the options .
I worked through them repeatedly , playing out the scenarios in my head .
Then , one day , I read the paper : three officers were being ejected from the RAF for being homosexual .
As far as I knew , this had never happened in the marines but still , here was my escape .
I had leave for a long weekend and went to see my mother .
I told her my plans , and after much persuading she agreed to help me .
As I returned to camp , she rang my troop sergeant and told him that I was very distressed because some of the soldiers had discovered that I was gay and were taunting and threatening me .
I waited patiently in my barracks for an order .
That afternoon a marine marched into my room and escorted me to the guard room , where the sergeant asked me if my mother 's allegations were true .
I confirmed that they were .
Ten minutes later I was up in front of the regimental sergeant major ( RSM ) .
He looked me up and down contemptuously three times and said slowly : " So , Logan , you 're a fucking bender ? "
" Yes , sir , " I replied , suddenly finding it hard not to laugh .
" Right , Marine , take him away and get him into rig , and get him back up here in five minutes , " said the RSM to my escort .
Then began two months of hell .
I was locked in the guardroom for two weeks ; my meals were brought to me ; and I was allowed just 20 minutes ' exercise in the yard each morning .
Word spread quickly , and although my closest training buddies suspected that I was lying , other soldiers , from my troop and beyond , eyed me with disgust and called me names .
Some men punched their fists in to their hands when I walked by .
At times I feared for my safety ; yet despite the taunts , those who mattered - notably my troop sergeant - treated me with kindness .
After a fortnight , I was sent home to await further news on the investigation .
Apparently , reporters were beginning to sniff about , and it was best that I was sent away from Lympstone .
They wanted to handle the situation properly and discreetly .
A few weeks later I was called back and subjected to a thorough medical , followed by in - depth questioning by five officials and military police .
They sat behind a long desk and I sat alone on a chair in the middle of the room .
A list of acts , such as " oral sex " , " anal sex " was read aloud and I was required to answer " yes " or " no " to each in quick succession .
Perhaps naively , I had not planned for this uncomfortable and embarrassing interrogation and I went on to affirmative autopilot , answering yes to all without pausing for thought .
They asked when I had discovered my homosexuality and how I had first acted on it .
My responses were necessarily constructed on the spot , as I had not expected this degree of probing into my imaginary love life .
To this day I cannot recall what I said or how I managed to compose myself to answer convincingly .
Once again I was sent home , where I waited for weeks without knowing what would happen .
Eventually an officer wrote to me and said that the case had been sent to Whitehall .
I waited nervously and began to fear that I would be caught out and sent to military prison .
I heard that another marine was selling a camper van ; I bought it in preparation for going on the run .
Then , one bright sunny June morning , the phone rang .
" Marine Logan ? " said a precise voice .
" Yes , speaking , " I said with equal precision .
" This is Sergeant so - and - so from CTCRM [ commando training centre Royal Marines ] .
You are to return to base on June 10 at ten hundred hours .
You are to be administratively discharged from the Royal Marines . "
I went crazy , jumping and whooping and crying and shouting " Come on ! " very loudly .
I could n't believe it .
So I returned to camp .
Somewhat facetiously , I wore a blue - and - white striped Ralph Lauren polo shirt with a paisley tie .
The RSM checked me over before I went in to see the discharge officer , and I could see in his eyes that he thought I deserved a more severe punishment , but he settled for yanking my tie into a tight knot and sending me for a grade one crew - cut .
I was heckled and jeered as I went to the barbers , but no one could touch me now .
Shorn , I marched back to the officer and was discharged within about a minute : I was marched in , I saluted , and I was told to leave camp immediately .
They handed me a reference ( which was positive and did not disclose the reason for discharge ) , I saluted and was marched out again .
That was it .
All the torment was over in a flash .
I never saw the full details of the investigation .
I was never certain whether they believed me or not .
For weeks various national papers asked me to talk about it and I agreed to meet a reporter from one .
However , at the last minute I cancelled and bought a ticket to Australia .
I had left the marines to travel and be free , not to make money , tell more lies , or bring the issue of gays in the ranks to public attention .
Most importantly , I wanted to cause no more trouble for a force for which I still had enormous respect .
For all the name - calling I suffered , I remember most of my comrades as loyal and courageous and generous .
I actually feel some shame for what I did .
My life has been a bit of a mess since I left , as it turns out , and the pious among us would no doubt have something to say about that .
But in those moments when I look back and feel some anguish there is always one memory that makes me smile .
It is the laughter on the faces of the men on the front gate as I drove to freedom in my bright pink camper van .
· David Logan is a pseudonym .
Do you have a story to tell about your life ?
Email it ( no attachments , please ) to
my.story@theguardian.com .
If possible , include a phone number .
IT IS the biggest encyclopedia in history and the most successful example of “ user - generated content ” on the internet , with over 9 m articles in 250 languages contributed by volunteers collaborating online .
But Wikipedia is facing an identity crisis as it is torn between two alternative futures .
It can either strive to encompass every aspect of human knowledge , no matter how trivial ; or it can adopt a more stringent editorial policy and ban articles on trivial subjects , in the hope that this will enhance its reputation as a trustworthy and credible reference source .
These two conflicting visions are at the heart of a bitter struggle inside Wikipedia between “ inclusionists ” , who believe that applying strict editorial criteria will dampen contributors ' enthusiasm for the project , and “ deletionists ” who argue that Wikipedia should be more cautious and selective about its entries .
Consider the fictional characters of Pokémon , the Japanese game franchise with a huge global following , for example .
Almost 500 of them have biographies on the English - language version of Wikipedia ( the largest edition , with over 2 m entries ) , with a level of detail that many real characters would envy .
But search for biographies of the leaders of the Solidarity movement in Poland , and you would find no more than a dozen — and they are rather poorly edited .
Inclusionists believe that the disparity between Pokémon and Solidarity biographies would disappear by itself , if only Wikipedia loosened its relatively tight editorial control and allowed anyone to add articles about almost anything .
They argue that since Wikipedia exists online , it should not have the space constraints of a physical encyclopedia imposed upon it artificially .
( “ Wikipedia is not paper ” , runs one slogan of the inclusionists . )
Surely there is no harm , they argue , in including articles about characters from television programmes who only appear in a single episode , say ?
After all , since most people access Wikipedia pages via search , the inclusion of articles on niche topics will not inconvenience them .
People will not be more inclined to create entries about Polish union leaders if the number of Pokémon entries is reduced from 500 to 200 .
The ideal Wikipedia of the inclusionists would feature as many articles on as many subjects as its contributors were able to produce , as long as they were of interest to more than just a few users .
Deletionists believe that Wikipedia will be more successful if it maintains a certain relevance and quality threshold for its entries .
So their ideal Wikipedia might contain biographies of the five most important leaders of Solidarity , say , and the five most important Pokémon characters , but any more than that would dilute Wikipedia 's quality and compromise the brand .
The presence of so many articles on trivial subjects , they argue , makes it less likely that Wikipedia will be taken seriously , so articles dealing with trivial subjects should be deleted .
The rules of the game
In practice , deciding what is trivial and what is important is not easy .
How do you draw editorial distinctions between an article entitled “ List of nicknames used by George W. Bush ” ( status : kept ) and one about “ Vice - presidents who have shot people ” ( status : deleted ) ?
Or how about “ Natasha Demkina : Russian girl who claims to have X - ray vision ” ( status : kept ) and “ The role of clowns in modern society ” ( status : deleted ) ?
To measure a subject 's worthiness for inclusion ( or “ notability ” , in the jargon of Wikipedians ) , all kinds of rules have been devised .
So an article in an international journal counts more than a mention in a local newspaper ; ten matches on Google is better than one match ; and so on .
These rules are used to devise official policies on particular subjects , such as the notability of pornographic stars ( a Playboy appearance earns you a Wikipedia mention ; starring in a low - budget movie does not ) or diplomats ( permanent chiefs of station are notable , while chargés d'affaires ad interim are not ) .
Jimmy Wales , the founder of Wikipedia , has himself fallen foul of these tricky notability criteria .
Last summer he created a short entry about a restaurant in South Africa where he had dined .
The entry was promptly nominated for deletion , since the restaurant had a poor Google profile and was therefore considered not notable enough .
After a lot of controversy and media coverage ( which , ahem , increased the restaurant 's notability ) , the entry was kept , but the episode prompted many questions about the adequacy of the editorial process .
As things stand , decisions whether to keep or delete articles are made after deliberations by Wikipedia 's most ardent editors and administrators ( the 1,000 or so most active Wikipedia contributors ) .
Imagine you have just created a new entry , consisting of a few words .
If a member of the Wikipedia elite believes that your submission fails to meet Wikipedia 's notability criteria , it may be nominated for “ speedy ” deletion — in other words , removed right away — or “ regular ” deletion , which means the entry is removed after five days if nobody objects .
( To avoid deletion or vandalism , many highly controversial articles , such as the entries on the Holocaust , Islam , terrorism or Mr Bush , can be “ locked ” to prevent editing or removal . )
If your article is selected for deletion , you may choose to contest the decision , in which case you may be asked to provide further information .
There is also a higher authority with the ultimate power to rule in controversial cases : the Arbitration Committee , which settles disputes that the administrators cannot resolve .
Debates about the merits of articles often drag on for weeks , draining energy and taking up far more space than the entries themselves .
Such deliberations involve volleys of arcane internal acronyms and references to obscure policies and guidelines , such as WP : APT ( “ Avoid Peacock Terms ” — terms that merely promote the subject , without giving real information ) and WP : MOSMAC ( a set of guidelines for “ Wikipedia articles discussing the Republic of Macedonia and the Province of Macedonia , Greece ” ) .
Covert alliances and intrigues are common .
Sometimes editors resort to a practice called “ sock puppetry ” , in which one person creates lots of accounts and pretends to be several different people in a debate so as to create the illusion of support for a particular position .
The result is that novices can quickly get lost in Wikipedia 's Kafkaesque bureaucracy .
According to one estimate from 2006 , entries about governance and editorial policies are one of the fastest - growing areas of the site and represent around one - quarter of its content .
In some ways this is a sign of Wikipedia 's maturity and importance : a project of this scale needs rules to govern how it works .
But the proliferation of rules , and the fact that select Wikipedians have learnt how to handle them to win arguments , now represents a danger , says Andrew Lih , a former deletionist who is now an inclusionist , and who is writing a book about Wikipedia .
The behaviour of Wikipedia 's self - appointed deletionist guardians , who excise anything that does not meet their standards , justifying their actions with a blizzard of acronyms , is now known as “ wiki- lawyering ” .
Mr Lih and other inclusionists worry that this deters people from contributing to Wikipedia , and that the welcoming environment of Wikipedia 's early days is giving way to hostility and infighting .
There is already some evidence that the growth rate of Wikipedia 's article - base is slowing .
Unofficial data from October 2007 suggests that users ' activity on the site is falling , when measured by the number of times an article is edited and the number of edits per month .
The official figures have not been gathered and made public for almost a year , perhaps because they reveal some unpleasant truths about Wikipedia 's health .
It may be that Wikipedians have already taken care of the “ low - hanging fruit ” , having compiled articles on the most obvious topics ( though this could , again , be taken as evidence of Wikipedia 's maturity ) .
But there is a limit to how much information a group of predominantly non-specialist volunteers , armed with a search engine , can create and edit .
Producing articles about specialist subjects such as Solidarity activists , as opposed to Pokémon characters , requires expert knowledge from contributors and editors .
If the information is not available elsewhere on the web , its notability cannot be assessed using Google .
Illustration by Frazer Hudson
To create a new article on Wikipedia and be sure that it will survive , you need to be able to write a “ deletionist - proof ” entry and ensure that you have enough online backing ( such as Google matches ) to convince the increasingly picky Wikipedia people of its importance .
This raises the threshold for writing articles so high that very few people actually do it .
Many who are excited about contributing to the site end up on the “ Missing Wikipedians ” page : a constantly updated list of those who have decided to stop contributing .
It serves as a reminder that frustration at having work removed prompts many people to abandon the project .
Google has recently announced its own entry into the field , in the form of an encyclopedia - like project called “ Knol ” that will allow anybody to create entries on topics of their choice , with a voting system that means the best rise to the top .
Tellingly , this approach is based on individualism rather than collaboration ( Google will share ad revenues with the authors ) .
No doubt it will produce its own arguments and unexpected consequences .
But even if it does not turn out to be the Wikipedia - killer that some people imagine , it may push Wikipedia to rethink its editorial stance .
ThirdAmendment.com
This page archives certain historical and miscellaneous items .
For my current professional activities , please visit KMA Zuckert .
· The Dog That Did Nothing : The Curious Incident of DOT ’s Animal Incident Reporting Requirements ( TransLaw ( Summer 2006 ) )
· The Importance of Being Earnest : The DOT 's Code - Share and Change - of - Gauge Disclosure Requirements ( 2000 The Aviation Quarterly 281 )
· The " Missing Thirteenth Amendment " : Constitutional Nonsense and Titles of Nobility ( 8 S.C.I.L.J. 577 ( 1999 ) )
· Photographic Evidence , Naked Children , and Dead Celebrities : Digital Forgery and the Law ( 1998 )
· Universal Citation : The Fullest Possible Dissemination of Judgments ( 1997 )
· The Legacy of Douglas Corrigan : " Wrong Way " Landings By Commercial Airliners
· Federal Criminal Charges Against Unruly Airline Passengers
· Airline Animal Incident Reports
· Tokyo Disney Resort Maps and Story Papers
This page was last modified on February 23 , 2019 .
Apr. 16th , 2008 @ 02:53 pm
A time waster for me , funny for you ?
Current Mood : accomplished
accomplished johncwright
Droid , a definition in pictures .
A droid is a robot .
Not to be confused with android , which means an artificial person .
Just to be clear on this point : the Vision is an android ,
whereas Machine - Man is a robot .
Robotman , on the other hand , is a cyborg .
Cyborg is also a cyborg ,
not to be confused with Deathlok , who is also a cyborg , but more badass .
Wonder Man is not a cyborg , but an energy being shaped like a man ,
Whereas Adam Warlock is an artificially created human , therefore an android , but he is not a warlock .
BUT
Doctor Strange is , however , a warlock , but no longer a doctor , due to a crippling accident .
BUT
Doctor Druid is not a doctor , but he is a druid , a member of a pagan nature religion ,
BUT
not to be confused with droid .
As far as can be determined , there are no droid druids .
Superman is a space alien ,
whereas Brainiac is a space alien robot .
In his Fortress of Solitude , Superman often makes robot duplicates of himself , so these are robots of a space alien .
MAKES
Doctor Doom also makes robot duplicates of himself , which are manlike in shape , and therefore can be called androids , but not droids .
makes
WHICH CAN ALSO BE CALLED
BUT
Syndrome made a battlerobot called an Omnidroid , but it was shaped like a rollerball with tentacles .
MADE
BUT IT
There were no robots , droids , androids , or space aliens in Rollerball , but it starred James Caan , and I think it is an underrated movie .
NO :
OR OR OR
IN
which starred
James Caan is not to be confused with Khan , or , as we fans like to call him KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAN .
OR I decided to do this from here at metaquotes .
The words are 's , from this post , the pictures all grabbed from the internet ( except the tiny text ones , I made those ) .
Droid , a definition in pictures .
A droid is a robot .
Not to be confused with android , which means an artificial person .
Just to be clear on this point : the Vision is an android , whereas Machine - Man is a robot .
Robotman , on the other hand , is a cyborg .
Cyborg is also a cyborg , not to be confused with Deathlok , who is also a cyborg , but more badass .
Wonder Man is not a cyborg , but an energy being shaped like a man , Whereas Adam Warlock is an artificially created human , therefore an android , but he is not a warlock .
BUTDoctor Strange is , however , a warlock , but no longer a doctor , due to a crippling accident .
BUTDoctor Druid is not a doctor , but he is a druid , a member of a pagan nature religion , BUTnot to be confused with droid .
As far as can be determined , there are no droid druids .
Superman is a space alien , whereas Brainiac is a space alien robot .
In his Fortress of Solitude , Superman often makes robot duplicates of himself , so these are robots of a space alien .
MAKESDoctor
Doom also makes robot duplicates of himself , which are manlike in shape , and therefore can be called androids , but not droids .
makesWHICH
CAN ALSO BE CALLEDBUTSyndrome made a battlerobot called an Omnidroid , but it was shaped like a rollerball with tentacles .
MADEBUT ITThere were no robots , droids , androids , or space aliens in Rollerball , but it starred James Caan , and I think it is an underrated movie .
NO:ORORORINwhich starredJames
Caan is not to be confused with Khan , or , as we fans like to call him KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAN.OR About this Entry
ANYONE who has watched the military analysts hired by TV networks has heard rosy assessments of the war in Iraq .
The similarities between their judgments and the Pentagon 's are not coincidental .
As The New York Times demonstrated by suing the Pentagon to obtain 8,000 pages of documents , those analysts were enlisted by the Defense Department in a psychological warfare operation ... ( Full article : 393 words )
This article is available in our archives : Globe Subscribers FREE for subscribers Subscribers to the Boston Globe get unlimited access to our archives .
Not a subscriber ?
Non-Subscribers Purchase an electronic copy of the full article .
Learn More $ 9.95 1 month archives pass
1 month archives pass $ 24.95 3 months archives pass
3 months archives pass $ 74.95 1 year archives pass
By JAYA NARAIN
Last updated at 09:28 18 April 2008
A smoker stabbed himself to death only weeks after beginning a course of drugs to help him quit his 20 - a - day habit .
Omer Jama , 39 , a television editor , had no history of mental illness .
Yet when his body was found , he had slashed both his wrists and plunged the knife into his thigh and stomach , an inquest was told .
Scroll down for more ...
Omer Jama was found dead at his home two months after he was prescribed Champix
The drug he had been taking for two months , Champix , has been linked to depression and reports of suicide .
Yesterday the family of Mr Jama , from Bolton , called for more investigations into the safety of the drug after a coroner recorded an open verdict on him , saying it could not be proved that he knew what he was doing when he killed himself .
The inquest heard that Mr Jama , a video editor with Sky Sports , received a private prescription for the £ 164 course of treatment , which involved taking one tablet a day for a fortnight , then doubling the dose .
Mr Jama 's wife of 12 years , Catherine , told the inquest in Bolton that the couple had recently begun a trial separation .
But they met regularly and he was his " usual self " and friends said he was happy in the days before his death .
A keen golfer , he was still " on a high " after winning a trophy .
He had booked a holiday to Cuba with a friend days previously to celebrate his forthcoming 40th birthday .
And days before his death in October , he was pictured smiling and holding his newborn niece .
Champix has been linked to depression and suicide
" They just were n't the actions of a man who was contemplating suicide , " said his brother Ali Jama , 41 , who lives in London .
" He 's got no history of depression and was never the sort of person you would see feeling sorry for himself . "
The Medicine and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency , which has been monitoring side effects reported by Champix patients , said there had been four reports of suicide and five of attempted suicide since it was licensed in the UK in September .
Julie Evans , a forensic toxicologist , told the inquest : " There is a possibility he could have been influenced by the side effects of the drug . "
Coroner Jennifer Leeming said she would register Mr Jama 's death as an " adverse event " but was satisfied he inflicted the injuries on himself .
She said : " For me to register he took his own life I would have to be satisfied he did the act which led to his death and he knew what he was doing .
" On the evidence before me I can not say that was the case . "
Ali Jama said : " It is clear from the evidence of the toxicologist that Champix 's influence could have played a part .
I would like to see more investigation done . "
Fears are growing over the safety of the so- called " wonder drug " which has been used by more than 200,000 smokers in the UK .
Last year , the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use received 839 reports of adverse reactions to Champix .
Forty - six were linked to depression and 16 patients claimed to have suffered suicidal thoughts .
Scroll down for more ...
The European Medicines Agency , the drug 's licensers , issued guidance on Champix 's active ingredient varenicline to doctors two months after Mr Jama 's death .
It said " updated warnings " were needed to increase awareness of cases of suicidal thoughts .
The manufacturer , Pfizer , has insisted a direct link between Champix and psychiatric problems has not been officially established and that nicotine withdrawal can lead to mood swings and behavioural changes .
A spokesman said that patients attempting to give up smoking had reported depression , and on rare occasions suicidal thoughts .
' These symptoms have also been reported while quitting with varenicline .
" A relationship between varenicline and the reported symptoms has n't been established , but in some reports a link could n't be excluded . "
The anti-smoking drug , Zyban , which is made by GlaxoSmithKline , has also been linked to a number of suicides .
When asked during an interview how he managed to reach the top as a professional bodybuilder and Hollywood actor , Arnold Schwarzenegger replied with a single word , “ Drive ! ”
All great success ultimately begins with an idea , but what makes ideas become reality is the fuel of human desire .
An idea by itself can give you a temporary feeling of inspiration , but burning desire is what gets you through all the perspiration necessary to overcome the inevitable obstacles along the way .
Take a moment to think about the goals you ’ve set for yourself .
( You have set goals , have n’t you ?
If not , go read the article on setting clear goals . )
How committed are you to achieving these goals ?
Under what conditions would you give up ?
What if you could significantly increase your desire to achieve these goals ?
What if you wanted them so badly that you knew with absolute certainty that you would absolutely , positively never ever give up ?
When you are truly 100 % committed to reaching your goals , you move from hoping to knowing .
If you want something badly enough , then quitting is simply not an option .
You either find a way or make one .
You pay the price , whatever it takes .
Those with an intense , burning desire to achieve their goals are often referred to as being “ driven . ”
But is this special quality reserved only for a privileged few ?
Certainly not .
With the right approach , anyone can cultivate a deep , burning desire within themselves and move to a state of total commitment , knowing with certainty that success is as inevitable as the sunrise .
So how do you cultivate burning desire ?
You begin with an outside - in approach , altering your environment in ways that will strengthen your resolve while eliminating doubt .
If you take the time to do it right , you ’ll establish a positive feedback cycle , such that your desire will continue to increase on a daily basis .
Here are eight steps you can take to cultivate burning desire to achieve any goal you set for yourself :
1. Burn the Ships
I ’m not going to pull any punches with this one .
If your goals are really important enough to you , then you can start by burning the proverbial ships , such that you have no choice but to press on .
For instance , if you want to launch your own business , you can begin by making the commitment to quitting your job .
Write a letter of resignation , put it in a stamped envelope addressed to your boss , and give it to a trusted friend with firm instructions to mail the letter if you have n’t quit your job by a certain date .
One Las Vegas casino manager made the decision to quit smoking .
He did n’t feel he had the personal willpower to do it alone , so he took out a billboard on the Las Vegas Strip with his photo on it along with the words , “ If you catch me smoking , I ’ll pay you $ 100,000 ! ”
Was he able to quit smoking ?
You bet !
( Ok , bad pun . )
This is called willpower leveraging .
You use a small bit of willpower to establish a consequence that will virtually compel you to keep your commitment .
As Andrew Carnegie once said , “ Put all your eggs in one basket , and then watch that basket ! ”
In the classic book The Art of War , Sun Tzu notes that soldiers fight the most ferociously when they believe they ’re fighting to the death .
A good general knows that when attacking an opposing force , it ’s important to create the illusion of a potential escape route for the enemy , so they wo n’t fight as hard .
What escape routes are you keeping open that are causing you not to fight as hard ?
If you do n’t burn those ships , you are sending the message to your subconscious mind that it ’s ok to quit .
And when the going gets tough , as it inevitably does for any worthwhile goal , you will quit .
If you really want to achieve your goals , then you ’ve got to burn those ships to the ground , and scatter the ashes .
If you ’re thinking that the average person wo n’t do this , you ’re right — that ’s why they ’re average .
2. Fill Your Environment with Desire Boosters
Let ’s say one of your important goals is to lose weight .
Get some poster board , and make your own posters that say , “ I weigh X pounds , ” where X is your goal weight , and put them up around your house .
Change your screensaver to a text message that says the same thing ( or to some equally motivational imagery ) .
Get some magazines , cut out pictures of people who have bodies similar to what you ’d like to have , and put them up around your house .
Cut out pictures of healthy food that looks good to you , and post those around your kitchen .
If you work in an office , then alter your office in the same manner .
Do n’t worry about what your coworkers will think , and just do it !
They may poke a little fun at you at first , but they ’ll also begin to see how committed you are .
3. Surround Yourself with Positive People
Make friends with people who will encourage you on the path to your goals , and find ways to spend more time with them .
Share your goals only with people who will support you , not those who will respond with cynicism or indifference .
If you want to lose weight , for instance , get yourself into a gym , and start befriending those who are already in great shape .
You ’ll find that their attitudes become infectious , and you ’ll start believing that you can do it too .
Meeting people who ’ve lost one hundred pounds or more can be extremely motivating .
If you want to start a new business , join the local chamber of commerce or a trade association .
Do whatever it takes to make new friends who will help you keep your commitment .
Although this can be difficult for some people , you also need to fire the negative people from your life .
I once read that you can see your future just by looking at the six people with whom you spend the most time .
If you do n’t like what you see , then change those people .
There ’s no honor in remaining loyal to people who expect you to fail .
One of the reasons people fail to start their own businesses , for instance , is that they spend most of their time associating with other employees .
The way out of this trap is to start spending a lot more time associating with business owners , such as by joining a trade association .
Mindsets are contagious .
So spend your time with people whose mindsets are worth catching .
4. Feed Your Mind with Empowering Information on a Daily Basis
Inspirational books and audio programs are one of the best fuel sources for cultivating desire .
If you want to quit smoking , read a dozen books written by ex-smokers on how to quit the habit .
If you want to start a business , then start devouring business books .
Go to seminars on occasion .
I advise that you feed your mind with some form of motivational material ( books , articles , audio programs ) for at least fifteen minutes a day .
This will continually recharge your batteries and keep your desire impenetrably strong .
When you absorb material created by an extremely passionate person , you ’ll often find yourself feeling more passionate as well .
A great book I read was Pour Your Heart Into It by Howard Schultz , the CEO of Starbucks .
As I read the book , I was absolutely amazed at how someone could be so fanatically enthusiastic about coffee .
Other enthusiasm - building authors / speakers I highly recommend are Harvey Mackay and Zig Ziglar .
5. Replace Sources of Negative Energy with Positive Energy
Take an inventory of all the sensory inputs into your life that affect your attitude — what you read , what you watch on TV , the cleanliness of your home , etc .
Note which inputs influence you negatively , and strive to replace them with positive inputs .
I ’ll give you some good places to start .
First , avoid watching TV news — it ’s overwhelmingly negative .
Do you really need to hear about the woman who was mauled to death by her neighbor ’s dog ?
Fill that time with positive inputs instead , like motivational and educational audio programs .
If you like to watch movies , then watch movies that are full of positive energy , such as light - hearted comedies and stories of triumph over adversity .
Avoid dark , tragic movies that leave you feeling empty afterwards .
Dump the horror books , and replace them with humor books .
Spend more time laughing and less time worrying .
If you have a messy desk , clean it up !
If you have young kids or grandkids , spend some time playing with them .
Some of this may sound a bit corny , but it will really help increase your overall motivation .
If you have a hard time motivating yourself , chances are that your life is overflowing with too many sources of negativity .
It ’s far better to happily achieve than it is to feel you must achieve in order to be happy .
6. Dress for Success
Whenever you pass by a mirror , which is probably several times a day , you get an instant dose of image reinforcement .
So what image are you currently reinforcing ?
Would you dress any differently if your goals were already achieved ?
Would you sport a different hairstyle ?
Would you shower a bit more often ?
Although for years I enjoyed the ripped jeans and T - shirt look , I noted that when I visualized myself in the future , having achieved certain goals , I was dressed a lot more nicely .
With some experimentation I found a style of clothing that looks professional and is also comfortable .
So I gradually donated my old clothes to charity and replaced my wardrobe with clothes that fit the new identity I was growing into .
( Consequently , there ’s a Salvation Army store with quite a stock of gaming industry T - shirts . )
I learned this idea from an ex-Navy Seal , who stressed to me the importance of taking pride in your appearance , and I can say with certainty that it makes a noticeable difference .
So make sure the clothes you wear each day are consistent with your new self - image .
7. Use Mental Programming
This is a Neuro - Linguistic Programming ( NLP ) technique that will help you associate strong positive emotions to whatever goal you ’re working to achieve .
Find some music that really energizes and inspires you .
Put on your headphones and listen to it for fifteen to twenty minutes , and as you do this , form a clear mental picture of yourself having already achieved the results you want .
Make your imagery big , bright , vivid , colorful , three - dimensional , panoramic , and animated .
Picture the scene as if looking through your own eyes ( this is very important ) .
This will help you form a neuro - association between the positive emotions elicited by the music and the goal you want to achieve , thus strengthening your desire .
This is a great way to begin each day , and you can even do it while lying in bed when you first awaken if you set things up the night before .
You should cycle the music periodically , since the emotional charge you get will tend to diminish if you listen to the same songs each time .
Keep in mind that this form of mental programming is already being used on you by advertisers .
Watch a fast - food TV commercial , and you ’ll note that the food is big , bright , and animated — spinning burgers , lettuce flying through a splash of water , ripe tomatoes being sliced — and do n’t forget the catchy tune .
So instead of letting others program your desires for you , take charge and mentally reprogram yourself .
8. Take Immediate Action
Once you set a goal for yourself , act immediately .
As you begin working on a fresh new goal , do n’t worry so much about making detailed long - term plans .
Too often people get stuck in the state of analysis paralysis and never reach the action stage .
You can develop your plan later , but get moving first .
Just identify the very first physical action you need to take , and then do it .
For instance , if you ’ve decided to lose weight , go straight to your refrigerator , and throw out all the junk food .
Do n’t think about it .
Do n’t ponder the consequences .
Just do it immediately .
One of the secrets to success is recognizing that motivation follows action .
The momentum of continuous action fuels motivation , while procrastination kills motivation .
So act boldly , as if it ’s impossible to fail .
If you keep adding fuel to your desire , you will reach the point of knowing that you ’ll never quit , and ultimate success will be nothing more than a matter of time .
If you apply these eight strategies , you ’ll add so much fuel to your desire that the fire will never burn out .
You ’ll move towards your goals like a guided missile to its target , and you ’ll enjoy the process because you ’ll be so focused on the positive rewards instead of the difficulty of the tasks .
If you get enough positive energy flowing into you , you ’ll soon have positive results flowing out of you .
And you ’ll quickly become the kind of person that others refer to as “ driven . ”
Mr Brown is due to outline the rights and responsibilities of new citizens
Jacqui Smith
Some migrants may also have to pay into a fund towards public services and have a period of " probationary citizenship " .
Prime Minister Gordon Brown said the UK should expect a " demonstration of commitment " and the process of becoming a citizen should be " more exacting " .
The Tories called the plans , which do not cover EU citizens , a " gimmick " .
Unveiling the proposals , Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said future migrants would need to " earn " citizenship .
This scraps the current system which allows people to apply for naturalisation on the basis of how long they have lived in the UK .
' Transitional fund '
Ms Smith said migrants from outside the European Economic Area would be encouraged to " move on " through a system that leads to citizenship - or choose ultimately to leave the country .
The package of measures includes :
Raising visa fees for a special " transitional impact " fund
More English language testing ahead of nationality
Requirements to prove integration into communities
Increasing how long it takes to become British
In a speech to the Institute for Public Policy Research think - tank , Mr Brown said the UK had to be " far more explicit about the ties - indeed the shared values - that make us more than a collection of people but a country " .
Earned citizenship would include " clear rights but also stronger obligations at each stage " .
Mr Brown added : " And we will emphasise what binds us - showing that our tolerance and fairness are not to be taken advantage of - without diminishing the diversity of what we hold dear . "
HAVE YOUR SAY I am currently waiting for a decision on my citizenship application and I think that the fees are already high Dan B , Croydon
Press reports suggest the transitional impact fund would raise £ 15 m a year .
The system could see migrants with children or elderly relatives expected to pay higher application fees .
Migrants would find their route to citizenship and full access to benefits , such as higher education , accelerated if they can prove they are " active " citizens .
This would include charity work , involvement in the local community and letters from referees .
At the same time , those who break the law would find the process far harder - or would be barred completely from becoming British .
The Home Office said that it would still be possible for someone to be permanently resident as a foreign national in the UK - but it would be preferable for them to seek citizenship because of the benefits it would bring .
' Complicated '
But the Conservatives said the proposals were a " gimmick " and called for an annual limit on immigration instead .
Shadow home secretary David Davis called it " a complicated , expensive , bureaucratic set of mechanisms to deal with the adverse consequences of out of control immigration " .
" The sensible approach is very simple .
Deal with the original cause of the problem .
Put a limit on the level of immigration .
Bring it down to manageable levels .
It is simpler , it is cheaper , and it is better for Britain .
" And it will preserve Britain 's excellent history of good community relations that is being put at risk by an immigration policy that is both incompetent and irresponsible . "
Liberal Democrat justice spokesman David Heath welcomed the points - based system , but said proposals were so " vague and so full of holes " that they were " nowhere near " meeting needs .
Several Labour backbenchers also criticised the government 's plans .
Diane Abbott , MP for Hackney North and Stoke Newington , said they would force non-European migrants to pay fees that would benefit European migrants .
' Very concerned '
She said : " How can it be fair for non -white immigrants to have already steep fees ratcheted even higher to pay for issues which relate to the broad immigrant population including immigrants from the EU countries ? "
Fiona Mactaggart , MP for Slough , said : " One of the reasons we have such excellent race relations in Britain is because migrants to this country relatively quickly achieve permanent residence , unlike other countries in Europe for example , where their status remains insecure and unclear for a long time .
" I am very concerned that these proposals might damage our good relations . "
UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage said : " They [ the government ] keep bringing out the same old story and pretending it 's new , and every time they ignore the crucial fact that these rules do not apply to 450 million people .
" It 's about time they were brave enough to have a proper debate on immigration which includes the EU dimension . "
Have you recently become a British citizen ?
Do you have pictures of your citizenship ceremony ?
Send your pictures to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to 61124 or you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Mr Galloway is running for a seat on the London Assembly
George Galloway was left " momentarily dazed " after being hit by a rubber ball while out campaigning .
The Respect Party MP was targeted while on his open - top campaign bus in Holborn , central London , during his campaign for a London Assembly seat .
The Bethnal Green and Bow MP lost his balance and hit the other side of his head on the side of the bus .
An office worker was arrested and is in custody at a police station in north - west London .
' Nasty bruise '
The missile - described as slightly smaller than a tennis ball and hollow - is believed to have been flung from the first floor of an office block on Procter Street , Holborn , shortly after 1400 BST .
Mr Galloway 's aide , Kevin Ovenden , said : " It hit George on the left side of his head , on the temple .
" He was momentarily dazed and because of the impact of the blow he lost his balance and hit the other side of his head on the side of the bus .
" There is a nasty bruise on the side of George 's head , but he will continue campaigning for the local elections . "
Mr Galloway is running for the London Assembly in May 's elections as part of a " progressive list " .
In 2003 he was expelled from the Labour Party after urging Iraqis to resist British and US troops , and helped found Respect .
He beat Labour loyalist Oona King to take Bethnal Green and Bow in the 2005 general election , having traded heavily on his anti-war record .
The iPhone 's network is too slow for streaming video
It is the first time the service has been available on portable devices .
The iPhone and iPod touch are able to stream shows from the iPlayer website over wi-fi networks .
The iPhone cannot stream BBC video over the cell network .
A BBC developer said that the corporation was currently working on other versions of the iPlayer for " many more " devices .
Anthony Rose , writing on the BBC internet blog , said : " We started with iPhone because it is the device most optimised for high quality video currently available .
" It displays the BBCiPlayer site and BBC programmes nicely . "
The software currently comes in two versions - a program which allows users to download programmes to their Windows PC and a streaming version on the web available to all users .
The version for iPhone and iPod touch users will allow streaming over a wi-fi connection .
However , the EDGE mobile network used by the iPhone is too slow for streaming video .
The corporation has agreed a deal with wi-fi firm The Cloud to provide all BBC online services for free at its 7,500 hotspots .
A version of iPlayer for Virgin Media customers is expected later this month .
BANGKOK , Feb 15 ( Reuters ) -
Only three days before he was shot dead in his home on the Thai border , a top Myanmar rebel leader predicted heightened tension with the ruling military junta in the run-up to a May constitutional referendum .
In an interview with Reuters on Monday , Karen National Union ( KNU ) secretary general Mahn Sha Lar Phan said the junta 's plan to push through its army - drafted charter would meet opposition not just from the former Burma 's many rebel groups .
" They will face many difficulties with this referendum , because people know this referendum will make them slaves , " the soft - spoken 64 - year - old history graduate said , sitting in the same wooden seat where he would be shot dead three days later .
Dissident groups are already campaigning for a " no " vote , saying the as yet unfinished charter is an attempt by the junta to legitimise its grip on power after 46 years of military rule .
Even though Mahn Sha 's assassination could be the result of an internecine vendetta , the predominantly Christian KNU leadership was quick to accuse Yangon 's military regime of orchestrating the hit via a loyal Buddhist Karen splinter group .
" This is the work of the DKBA and the Burmese soldiers , " his son Hse Hse said , referring to the Democratic Karen Buddhist Army .
According to Mahn Sha 's neighbour , the two gunmen spoke Karen .
The Karen , an ethnic minority of about 7 million people , have been fighting for independence since 1949 , one of the world 's longest - running guerrilla conflicts .
They are one of only three rebel militias not to have signed a ceasefire with the junta .
There had been no contact between the KNU leadership , based on the Thai border , and Myanmar 's generals for a year , Mahn Sha said , adding that there appeared to be little immediate prospect of peace .
His death makes the chances even more remote .
" If the regime declared a nationwide ceasefire , there would be no need to fight , " he said .
" But now , we need to protect our people and to protect ourselves . "
Having graduated from Rangoon University in 1966 with a degree in history , Mahn Sha threw himself into the Karen liberation movement , rising to became its secretary - general in 2000 .
" His determination for freedom and democracy lives on within us and within the Karen people , " his four children said in a statement issued by the Burma Campaign UK , an activist group .
" He did not live to see freedom for our people , but his dream will be fulfilled .
The Karen , and all the people of Burma , will be free " .
Myanmar has been under military rule of one form or another since 1962 , during which time it has been riven by dozens of ethnic guerrilla wars , funded in large part by revenues from opium sales from the notorious " Golden Triangle " .
( Editing by Darren Schuettler and Alex Richardson )
Toast Appears on Jesus Christ
John Ordover sent this in .
He was looking at a picture of Jesus ( or rather , an artist 's interpretation of what Jesus might have looked like ) when he realized a piece of toast had miraculously appeared on it .
I think this must be a message from John 's toaster !
But can we be sure that actually is a piece of toast ?
It kinda looks like a granola bar to me .
OMG !
I hope I did n't just wake up my wife and daughter laughing at this .
: lol :
Posted by Tah in Idaho ( Yes , Idaho ) on Sun Mar 30 , 2008 at 10:07 PM
I cant find it ... :(
Posted by April on Sun Mar 30 , 2008 at 11:00 PM
wait , is it in his beared ?
Posted by April on Sun Mar 30 , 2008 at 11:48 PM
Wow , it took me a while , but now that I 've seen it , I ca n't NOT see it - Know what I mean ?
Freaky .
Posted by Puck on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 12:12 AM
Clearly , Toast is trying to tell us The End Is Near .
Posted by Cranky Media Guy on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 02:10 AM
Where 's the image ?
Posted by Tonio on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 06:05 AM
Ummmm , so whats with the weird distored image area around the " toast " ?
And it looks like a crouton .
Bread is almost never prefectly that square .
Posted by DJ_Canada in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 10:46 AM
Amazing coincidence .
The other day I was looking at a picture of Moses , and an image of some Matzohs appeared just above the horns .
Posted by Big Gary on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 12:22 PM
My bread never looks that perfect .
( mainly due to kids being less than careful with the package ) I am going to say that this is clearly ' shopped .
No way a piece of toast can be that perfectly square , and that perfectly toasted .
My toast ALWAYS ends up half toasted and half untoasted .
And , OMG , is the toast SMILING at me ???
I may be delusional .
Posted by red_dragon_girl_69 in Earth , I think on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 12:44 PM
I think I see Jesus IN the toast .
Posted by Maegan in Tampa , FL - USA on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 02:55 PM
I think I see Jesus IN the toast .
Posted by Maegan in Tampa , FL - USA on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 12:55 PM
But if you look really close , you can see an image of the toast in the image of Jesus in the image of toast in the image of Jesus ...
Posted by Christopher on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 03:42 PM
more like John ONDORE I AM RITE GUYS
Posted by ased on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 03:43 PM
Clearly , this image is saying that unless you belive , you 're toast .
Unless you can butter God up , you 'll be in a jam .
Posted by Christopher Cole on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 04:01 PM
Based on the artist 's interpretation of The Prophet Jesus , I 'd say it 's a pretty sure bet that the toast is made from White Bread .
Should 've looked more like pumpernickel ( or " pan por nicol " for you purists ) .
Posted by Hairy Houdini on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 04:04 PM
no , no , not toast .
It 's a dog biscuit -- as in omidog !
Is it telling us to " stay " or " heel " or ...?
Posted by FAN # 1 on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 04:43 PM
I think this is a fake photograph , yes ?
If you look very close , there are the sources of light on " Jesus " from the backs and the front , but the toast has only the light from the upper right , so the shadows do not make the match , okay ?
And you thought Raoul did not have it right from the get - up - and - go , admit this , damn you .
Oh , I am sorry Jesus ...
Ha ha ha , I am only doing the April joke for the fools , so do not consign my soul to everlasting damnation , okay Jdog ?
Rrrraoul
Posted by Raoul on Mon Mar 31 , 2008 at 11:07 PM
I believe this may be a joke .
I have yet to find the toast , and am worried that if i turn the sound up a scary face will scream at me .
Nice try .
Posted by April on Tue Apr 01 , 2008 at 02:53 AM
WWTD
What would Toast do ?
Posted by Antonio on Tue Apr 01 , 2008 at 11:45 AM
the Father , the Son , and the Holy Toast
Posted by Hairy Houdini on Tue Apr 01 , 2008 at 06:45 PM
Jesus Crust
Posted by Hairy Houdini on Tue Apr 01 , 2008 at 06:45 PM
I 'm a waffle man myself .
All hail the Holy Waffle !
Posted by Elwood Herring on Thu Apr 03 , 2008 at 01:27 PM
@ Christopher Cole :
My attorney will be calling on you in a lame attempt to extract $ 500 to pay for my monitor after I sprayed it with sugary Dr. Pepper as I read your comment above ! 😊
I guess I 'm toast for even thinking about it , huh ?
----
Separate comment in same posting : I can't believe how " aryan " the image of Jesus is .
Not a touch of his proud semitic heritage .
Posted by Tod on Thu Apr 03 , 2008 at 02:17 PM
Blasphemers !
Heretics !
Do you not recognize Shredded Wheat when it appears before your foolish eyes ?
Posted by MicroZealous on Thu Apr 03 , 2008 at 02:42 PM
Ted , I said the Toast should be pumpernickel instead of white bread , but you 're right - it should be a nice , tangy , seeded rye bread , Grossinger 's brand comes to mind .
It 's the best part of a Rueben , oh yeah
Posted by Hairy Houdini on Thu Apr 03 , 2008 at 02:53 PM
That 's the craziest lapel pin I 've ever seen .
Is that Toastmasters ?
Posted by Pinnen Taylor on Thu Apr 03 , 2008 at 03:08 PM
Seamless
Posted by bob on Thu Apr 03 , 2008 at 04:09 PM
It 's sooo obviously not toast ...
Were n't figs mentioned in the Bible ?
Most definitely a Fig Newton ! 😊
Posted by shuke on Thu Apr 03 , 2008 at 04:10 PM
Of course the toast is perfect .
After all , it IS Jesus Toast .
Posted by The Barber of Civility on Thu Apr 03 , 2008 at 07:48 PM
It 's eerie ; it 's like the toast follows me around the room wherever I go .
That 's one creepy savior .
Posted by Redx on Fri Apr 04 , 2008 at 05:58 AM
And of course it 's stuck to him with the buttered side .
Posted by Lugosi on Fri Apr 04 , 2008 at 01:05 PM
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown has decided to skip the opening ceremonies of the Beijing Olympics , but not for political reasons , his spokeswoman said Wednesday .
Brown has been under intense pressure from human rights activists to skip the Aug. 8 ceremony as a symbolic condemnation of China 's crackdown on Tibet protesters .
But Brown 's spokeswoman said the decision not to attend the opening ceremony is not a boycott .
She said he made up his mind weeks ago , but the news was only made public Wednesday .
" He had never planned to attend , " she said , speaking on condition of anonymity , as is government policy .
" There is absolutely no change in our position . "
While Brown will not attend the opening ceremony , he will be present for the closing ceremony on Aug. 24 , she said .
But the leader of the Liberal Democrats , one of Britain 's opposition parties , called Brown 's decision a " last - minute U- turn . "
" [ He ] seems to do the right thing late in the day , when he is forced to do so because of public opinion , " Nick Clegg said , according to BBC News and Britain 's Channel Four News .
The BBC reported that Brown has never specifically said he would attend the opening ceremony , although he has twice talked of attending " ceremonies . "
" We will not be boycotting the Olympic Games ; Britain will be attending the Olympic Games ceremonies , " he said March 27 .
He made a similar statement April 1 .
EU ponders boycott motion
The news came as the European Parliament pondered a motion urging European countries to boycott the ceremony , unless Chinese authorities begin talks with the Dalai Lama .
The motion , which is non-binding , stems from China 's crackdown in Tibet after violent protests against Chinese rule broke out last month .
" There is this growing momentum to send some sort of signal to China , " CBC's David Common said .
The resolution , which was obtained by Reuters , says :
" The European Parliament calls on the EU presidency in office to strive to find a common EU position with regard to attendance at the Olympic Games opening ceremony with the option of non-attendance in the event if there is no resumption of dialogue between the Chinese authorities and His Holiness the Dalai Lama . "
Common said the motion is expected to pass .
The European Parliament — the only directly elected body of the European Union — consists of 785 members who are elected once every five years by voters across the 27 member states of the EU .
The United Kingdom is part of the EU .
Sarkozy considers boycott
China has blamed the Dalai Lama and the " Dalai clique " for orchestrating the protests in the Tibetan capital of Lhasa .
But the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader has denied claims he instigated the violence .
He has said he would be willing to meet with Chinese leaders , including Chinese President Hu Jintao .
China has said the door is open to talks but only if the Dalai Lama recognizes Tibet as part of China and gives up his separatist activities .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said Tuesday that he would consider boycotting the ceremony unless Chinese authorities began speaking to the Dalai Lama .
U.S. President George W. Bush is planning to attend the ceremony , while German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said she will skip the opening .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he will not attend but that he never planned to and that Ottawa will send a high - level delegation to the ceremony .
The EU motion comes as San Francisco braces for anti-China demonstrations as the Olympic torch relay make its only North American stop in the city .
In Toronto , around 300 protesters gathered at the Chinese consulate .
Meanwhile , more than a dozen Buddhist monks staged a protest Wednesday in front of visiting journalists at a monastery in western China , calling for human rights and the return of the Dalai Lama , according to witnesses .
The latest protest came as Tibet 's governor promised " severe " punishment against any independence activists who disrupt the Olympic torch relay when it passes through the Himalayan region on its way to Mount Everest next month .
The monks shouted slogans in Tibetan in an outer courtyard as journalists entered a prayer hall at the Labrang monastery in Xiahe in western Gansu province , which borders Tibet .
Hotels in the Afterlife [ Image : From Sinai Hotels , by Sabine Haubitz and Stefanie Zoche of Haubitz + Zoche ] .
Vienna's
With images by Sabine Haubitz and Stefanie Zoche of
They are resorts that never quite happened , then , with names like Sultan 's Palace and the Magic Life Imperial .
This makes them " monuments to failed investment . "
[ Images : From Sinai Hotels , by Sabine Haubitz and Stefanie Zoche of Haubitz + Zoche ] .
The hotels now look more like " architectonic sculptures " in the desert , the photographers claim , or derelict abstractions , as if some aging and half - crazed billionaire had constructed an eccentric sculpture park for himself amongst the dunes .
[ Images : From Sinai Hotels , by Sabine Haubitz and Stefanie Zoche of Haubitz + Zoche ] .
The billionaire goes for long walks at night alone amongst the ruins , sweeping dust from recent sandstorms off windowsills and open doorways .
At night , when the stars come out , different constellations are framed by unglazed windows , as if justifying these concrete forms from above with the poetic force of celestial geometry .
[ Image : From Sinai Hotels , by Sabine Haubitz and Stefanie Zoche of Haubitz + Zoche ] .
Or , for that matter , five years from now these deserted monuments simply disappear – but because they 've been put to use , finally , enwrapped with drywall and plaster , fitted out with drapes and marble floors , and you can sleep inside them for $ 300 a night , never even dreaming that these hotels were once ruins , temporarily abandoned to the sand and only recently reclaimed .
The empty swimming pool is now full – and you dive into it , unaware that you 're more like a ghost than a tourist , haunting the afterlife of these sites in bleaching sunlight .
Vienna 's Architekturzentrum will be hosting a new photography show , opening this Wednesday , April 24 , called Sinai Hotels With images by Sabine Haubitz and Stefanie Zoche of Haubitz + Zoche , the show looks at " the concrete skeletons of five - star hotel complexes " abandoned on Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula .
They are resorts that never quite happened , then , with names like Sultan 's Palace and the Magic Life Imperial .
This makes them " monuments to failed investment .
"
The hotels now look more like " architectonic sculptures " in the desert , the photographers claim , or derelict abstractions , as if some aging and half - crazed billionaire had constructed an eccentric sculpture park for himself amongst the dunes .
The billionaire goes for long walks at night alone amongst the ruins , sweeping dust from recent sandstorms off windowsills and open doorways .
At night , when the stars come out , different constellations are framed by unglazed windows , as if justifying these concrete forms from above with the poetic force of celestial geometry .
Or , for that matter , five years from now these deserted monuments simply disappear – but because they 've been put to use , finally , enwrapped with drywall and plaster , fitted out with drapes and marble floors , and you can sleep inside them for $ 300 a night , never even dreaming that these hotels were once ruins , temporarily abandoned to the sand and only recently reclaimed .
The empty swimming pool is now full – and you dive into it , unaware that you 're more like a ghost than a tourist , haunting the afterlife of these sites in bleaching sunlight .
Newer | Older
360° Video with Papervision3D
This page has moved .
You will be automatically redirected .
New location : http://www.cornflex.org/?p=1
Please update your bookmarks .
All people know Russia is a Northern country with snow , frost , cold winter .
All keep in mind pictures of taiga , Siberia , polar bears and vodka .
Well , it ’s all true , we all know now that 65 % of Russia is covered with permafrost , but there is one fact than less people know .
Russia has a territory that is located more to South than Milano , Nice , Monte Carlo and other places of European South .
And this territory occupies more square than France or Germany .
Meet Sochi , the Winter Olympics 2014 host .
This Russia does n’t look like Russia at all , maybe the next place for your vacation ?
Photo by ArtBrom via Flickr
Stealing $ 15 of Del Taco food for you and your buddies can land you a maximum of seven years in prison .
That 's what two accomplices are up against in a case where three men filmed themselves tricking Del Taco employees over the phone to give them a free meal and then posting it on YouTube .
The video's " star , " Robert Echeverria , who Rialto police said is a known gang member and was " crying like a baby " at the station before making a plea bargain to serve 30 days in jail with three years of probation .
" How To Scam Del Taco " was posted on YouTube ( embedded below ) on February 22nd ( it has over 20,000 views so far ) and after a tip to police , the three were soon in custody .
The two boys posted bail , but Echeverria remained as he could not produce enough money to follow suit .
For prosecutors , this is a slam dunk case and say they 've never had anything so ready to go .
Echeverria was scheduled to be in court yesterday .
The three say they were just fooling around and never intended this to be blown out of " proportion . "
Stealing is stealing , is n't it ?
Video after the jump .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Friday , March 21 , 2008 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Targeted Malware Attacks Against Pro-Tibet Groups Posted by lab @ 16:24 GMT
There 's unrest on the streets of Tibet — clashes between Tibetans and the Chinese military .
Quoting Wikipedia , " Tibet was once an independent kingdom , which later became a part of China .
The government of the People 's Republic of China and the Government of Tibet in Exile , however , disagree over when Tibet became a part of China , and whether this incorporation into China is legitimate according to international law . "
There 's also unrest on the net .
Groups supporting the freedom of Tibet have been attacked with highly targeted and technically advanced attacks .
Quoting an Asia Free Press news report : " AFP received an email Tuesday from someone claiming to be in Denmark , who had attached a file they said were pictures of Tibetans shot by the Chinese army .
When AFP tried to open the attachment , a virus warning appeared . "
So … what do these attacks look like in practice ?
Lets take an example .
Here 's an e-mail that was mailed to a pro-Tibet mailing list three days ago .
It looked as if it was coming from the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization ( UNPO ) .
However , the e-mail headers were forged and the mail was coming from somewhere else altogether .
Seemingly , the mail issued a statement of solidarity for the people of Tibet :
If you open the attached PDF file , you actually get a real PDF document with a relevant statement :
However , this is not a normal PDF document .
It contains a modified version of a PDF - Encode vulnerability
to exploit Adobe Acrobat when the document is opened .
The exploit silently drops and runs a file called C : \Program Files \Update \winkey.exe .
This is a
keylogger that collects and sends everything typed on the affected machine to a server running at xsz.8800.org .
And 8800.org is a Chinese DNS - bouncer system that , while not rogue by itself , has been used over and over again in various targeted attacks .
The exploit inside the PDF file was crafted to evade detection by most antivirus products at the time it was sent .
Somebody is trying to use pro-Tibet themed e-mails to infect computers of the members of pro-Tibet groups to spy on their actions .
And this is not an isolated incident .
Far from it .
Groups working for the freedom of Tibet all over the world have been targeted .
These e-mails have been sent to mailing lists , private forums and directly to persons working inside pro-Tibet groups .
Some individuals have received targeted attacks like this several times a month .
The mails are almost always forged to look like they would be coming from trusted persons or organizations , making it more likely they 'll be opened by the recipient .
Just the filenames of some of the recent malicious attachments tell a lot :
UNPO Statement of Solidarity.pdf
Daul - Tibet intergroup meeting.doc
tibet_protests_map_no_icons__mar_20.ppt
reports_of_violence_in_tibet.ppt
genocide.xls
memberlist.xls
Tibet_Research.exe
tibet-landscape.ppt
Updates Route of Tibetan Olympics Torch Relay.doc
THE GOVERNMENT OF TIBET.
ppt
Talk points.chm
China 's new move on Tibetans.doc
Support Team Tibet.doc
Photos of Tibet.chm
News ReleaseMassArrest.pdf
Whole Schedule and Routing for Torch Relay.xls
As you can see there 's a variety of " trusted " file types used in these targeted attacks , including DOC , XLS , PPT , PDF , CHM .
The contents of these bait documents have been crafted very well .
Below are some examples of what the user sees after he has been duped into opening one of these files .
The content is mostly recycled from real announcements and messages of the pro-Tibet groups .
Updated to add —
Links to media coverage :
Washington Post
InformationWeek
Computerworld
America is like an Idea , or a whisper that slowly changed over the long lines of messagers .
The idea of a president has changed from someone who works for the people and his country into someone at the end of the whisper .
He can tell the next person anything he wants .
Since the secret was given to him by a reliable source it must be legitimate .
It is a career more then a duty .
The president is now an ego trip ; he has the power to pass on the next message .
Imagine a lunch table full of students , one of the students gets an idea and whispers in the ear of another student
He says " A country by the people ; pass it on ! ”
To make sure the secret does n’t change he writes a note to pass along as well .
Down the line that whispered secret changes with the others own perspective .
At the end , the secret has changed so much it makes the secret holder get up and shout at the one on the end .
He yells at him saying " That ’s not what I said ! "
Then he says “ Did you get my note ? "
The note was not lost , the dirty grease fingers of the line of children has smudged the note .
The note is so hard to read that the person on the end does n’t even want to try to read it .
So now with no real proof of what was said he continues to whisper his own version of the verbal secret .
Underneath my feet are thousands of tons of lead , gold , silver , zinc and copper .
I am at the Trepca mine near Mitrovica in Kosovo .
Some wait only for independence for the mine to regain its former glory , but will they wait in vain ?
At first sight it seems completely abandoned apart from one person manning the main gate .
Then one old miner appears to guide us up four flights of stairs , through a white - tiled building which is deserted and neglected , the white tiling cracked and dirty .
Then we mill about for a bit by one entrance to the mine .
Over the door is a sign saying ‘ Good luck ’ !
Tracks disappear inside and I venture a short way into the mouth of the tunnel , but it does n’t look desperately safe .
Some more miners appear .
There are no youngsters among them , their faces are tired and lined and several look as though they should be at home , enjoying their pension .
At its height , more than 5,000 people used to work here .
But the men tell me there are now only about 600 of them , trying to keep the creaking beast ticking over .
They say when the Serbs left , they stripped the mine of all its equipment .
Now , no ore is processed here but sent via two companies , one Swiss and one British .
Wartime attack
One man tells me that during the war he fled his village on a tractor with many relatives .
But under attack by Serbian troops they had to run .
He had to leave his aunt behind because she was disabled .
He says she was burnt to death .
This is the sort of thing they are all trying to forget , and which perhaps forces them to be optimistic about the future .
He says : “ Kosovo is rich in minerals and rich in farming land , is rich in all other aspects .
Here , we provided wealth for so many years for the whole of Yugoslavia , there is no reason why we cannot provide now for just Kosovo .
That ’s why I ’m saying Kosovo has a bright future . ”
It is true Kosovo has the second largest deposits of brown coal ” or lignite and there are United Nations plans for large scale generation with the hope that it will eventually export power to the rest of Europe .
But mineral mining does n’t make huge profits and this mine is clearly in need of massive investment .
Businesses worried about profits in an economic downturn may not rush to put their money in a place that has a questionmark over its future .
We clamber up a steep ladder and then a series of steps cut into the hillside .
At the top is the pit head .
Rusty sheets of metal cover huge holes in the ground and tools are scattered around on large work benches .
Two miners dressed in thick leather aprons are clambering up the tall gantry clutching huge spanners .
They shout and a pile of debris shoots down the hillside , clattering on the road below .
Longing for independence
Abaz Nimani who ’s 60 has worked at the mine for 38 years .
He is longing for Kosovo to declare its independence .
“ I could n’t even tell you all the suffering we ’ve been through to get to that day , ” he says .
“ We ’ve suffered a lot from the communist system and the Belgrade system which has ruled here .
But it ’ll all be worth it . ”
But Kosovo has something like 50 % unemployment and that worries him .
“ We have to do much more to provide new job opportunities for the youngsters .
They are just sitting around doing nothing , yet they are very hard working people . ”
A short way from the mine itself is the HQ .
It ’s just as beaten up as the mine itself , adorned with communist - style crossed - hammer symbols .
We poke around for a good while looking for the right building .
All look abandoned .
But one shows some signs of life when we tentatively push at the heavy glass doors .
Although it seems empty we can hear one voice .
Amid all the abandoned offices , a man sits busily looking at spreadsheets .
He tells us we need the next floor .
Up the cracked and chipped marble staircase there is more activity and the headquarters of Trepca mine .
We meet Nazmi Mikullovci , the manager of Trepca .
He is a man with problems .
He tells me that it ’s uncertain who even owns the land .
He says in a normal business he could just go ahead and make a decision .
Here he has to talk to four different international agencies as well as the Government .
He says this leads to delays that cost them a million dollars last year .
Handcuffed by the system
“ So for me , the independence of Kosovo is not just about my own personal freedom , it means opening up the business and a real chance to change the systems that handcuff us . ”
But some changes are hard if not impossible to make until Kosovo develops as a country .
At the moment it does n’t have a pensions scheme .
“ It ’s not about the law , it ’s about morality , ” he says .
“ If I get rid of these old workers , they would get 40 euros a month .
That ’s pretty close to a death sentence .
We have no social insurance , no medical insurance .
So tell me what I should do about our rather elderly workers .
They are willing to work , they want to work but they are very limited in what they can actually do .
It ’s another set of handcuffs . ”
Finally and officially breaking away from Serbia may be much easier than shedding shackles on growth and development , and without economic success Kosovo will not truly be independent .
Chris Parker agrees to babysit after her boyfriend , Mike Todwell , stands her up .
Expecting a dull evening , she settles down with three kids for a night of TV ... and boredom .
But when her frantic friend , Brenda , calls and pleads to be rescued from the bus station in downtown Chicago , the evening soon explodes into an endless whirl of hair raising adventures .
Chris and the kids leave their safe suburban surroundings and head for the heart of the big city , never imagining how terrifyingly funny their expedition will become .
Written by Anonymous
Stripper Hired to Dance at Funeral
There is a bond that some children have with their parents that can never be stripped away .
Cai Ruigong , a Taiwanese man , proved that recently when he hired an adult dancer to perform at his father ’s funeral .
Ruigong ’s father , Cai Jinlai , was 103 years old when he passed away .
Jinlai was famous for his interest in strips clubs and often traveled around the island where he lived , visiting various strip clubs .
Jinlai was the oldest person in his village and had over 100 descendants .
Ruigong had made a promise to his father that if he lived past 100 years old , he would have a stripper dance at his funeral .
Jinlai would have been proud to know that he went out in style , with a $ 160 stripper dancing for 10 minutes in front of his coffin .
We recently published a video that was sent in by one of our readers that showed strippers performing in front of children .
Apparently strippers are not frowned upon in Taiwanese culture .
In China , there has been a practice of having strippers at funerals to help boost the number of mourners .
“ Local villagers believe that the more people who attend the funeral , the more the dead person is honoured . ”
( source )
Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
FOXBOROUGH , Mass . ( AP ) --
Records are n't important to the Patriots , not yet anyway .
Not finishing the season at 16 - 0 .
Not becoming the highest scoring team in NFL history .
And not Tom Brady and Randy Moss setting individual marks .
All those are still within reach , but after becoming the first team to go 15 - 0 in the regular season with a 28 - 7 win over the Miami Dolphins on Sunday , it will mean more if the Patriots have a higher number than the New York Giants on the scoreboard at the end of their game next Saturday night .
" When you look back at the end of your career , you 'll be excited about individual records , " Brady said , " but winning 's more important and I think that 's really what everyone 's concerned about . "
Brady threw three touchdown passes , two to Moss , and the Patriots moved to the best start in league history .
The old mark : Miami's 14 - 0 in 1972 when the season lasted just 14 games .
Today 's disjointed Dolphins ( 1 - 14 ) could n't protect the record of their dominant predecessors .
" We wanted to win for them , " defensive end Jason Taylor said .
" But I wanted to win today , for the guys in this room . "
If the Patriots beat the Giants , then go unbeaten in the postseason to finish 19 - 0 , they 'll join the Dolphins as the only teams to post a perfect record from opening day until the clock in the championship game runs out .
At the same time , the Patriots need six points to break Minnesota 's single - season record of 556 set in 1998 .
Brady is one shy of Peyton Manning 's NFL record of 49 touchdown passes set in 2004 and tied with Dan Marino 's production in 1984 ; Moss needs one touchdown reception to tie Jerry Rice 's mark of 22 set in 12 games in 1987 , a strike year .
" Randy , everyone knows he 's a great player whether he gets the record or not , " Brady said .
The Patriots tied their NFL record of 18 consecutive regular - season wins set in 2003 - 04 .
They also broke the league mark of 70 touchdowns in one season by the 1984 Dolphins , reaching 71 to go up 28- 0 .
" I never felt they were playing for the records , " Miami coach Cam Cameron said .
" They understand what 's important . "
Miami finally scored late in the third quarter on Cleo Lemon 's 21 - yard pass to Greg Camarillo .
That was meaningless compared with their 67 - yard hookup a week earlier that gave Miami a 22 - 16 overtime win over Baltimore .
That touchdown unleashed jubilation in the Dolphin Stadium stands because there was no longer a chance these Dolphins would be the first team to finish 0 - 16 .
Brady finished 18 - for - 33 and threw two interceptions .
Laurence Maroney had a career - high 156 yards on 14 carries
On Sunday , the Patriots were in charge from the start .
They led 28 - 0 at halftime , scoring on four of their first five possessions .
Maroney had the Patriots ' two longest gains of the season , 59 yards for a touchdown and 51 -- the longest runs of his two NFL seasons -- and Brady threw a 48 - yard scoring pass to Jabar Gaffney that safety Lance Schulters just missed on the left sideline .
" I do n't really know how close he was to it , " Gaffney said with a laugh .
" I just know he missed it . "
Welcome back to the NFL , Tuna .
Bill Parcells , hired as Miami 's executive vice president of football operations on Thursday , saw how far the Dolphins were from being competitive .
He also saw a Patriots team that 's much better than the one he coached to the Super Bowl at the end of the 1996 season -- a loss to Green Bay .
" I never want to go through this , not in a season , not in a career , " Taylor said .
There was a championship feeling in the air even before the game began .
Three Red Sox players -- David Ortiz , Curt Schilling and Kevin Youkilis -- along with owner John Henry drew a huge ovation when they paraded onto the field with the trophies from their World Series wins in 2004 and 2007 .
Maroney had his second straight season - best output after spending most of the season as an afterthought to Brady 's passing .
He gained 104 yards on 26 carries in a 20 - 10 win over the New York Jets .
His 51 - yard run and a pass interference penalty in the end zone set up Brady 's 1 - yard touchdown pass to Moss , who had scored on an 11 - yarder in the first quarter .
Five minutes into the second quarter , Maroney was untouched after bursting through a huge hole in the line on his 59 - yard touchdown .
" All I had to do was show some speed and make sure not to get caught , " Maroney said .
Brady was glad to see the second - year pro have the most productive game of his career .
" Sometimes people forget about him , but we certainly do n't , " Brady said .
Now it's on to the Giants when the Patriots one - game - at - a - time approach can accomplish something that 's never been done .
" Like I 've said before , " linebacker Tedy Bruschi said , " ` Put me in coach .
I want to play .
I want to win . '
And if what it means this week is being 16 - 0 , yeah , I want it . "
Game notes
The Patriots swept their division for the first time ever , going 6 - 0 against Miami , Buffalo and the New York Jets . ... Taylor played in his 129th straight game , breaking the team record held by Hall of Fame center Jim Langer .
...
The Patriots had their most balanced offense of the season , 204 yards passing and 196 rushing .
Magnificent images of avalanches of ice and rock in the northern polar regions of Mars have been captured by NASA Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ’s ( MRO ) High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRISE ) .
These images are not of landslides that have happened in the past , they are actual Mars avalanches happening at the moment of observation .
This rare event will be of tremendous value to Mars scientists currently analysing the effects of seasons on the landscape and will provide information on the geological activity of the planet …
This event occurred along a scarp ( a distinct cliff , with a steep runoff ) around the North Polar Region where surface ice can be found in large quantities .
The HiRISE instrument was being used to assess seasonal changes around the North Pole when four areas of activity were seen along the scarp .
HiRISE was witness to something more familiar on Earth than on Mars : avalanches .
This particular scarp is a high cliff over 700 m ( 2300 ft ) tall and slopes at over 60 degrees .
A mixture of ice , rock and dust can be seen , frozen in time , as it is plummeting down the slope , ejecting a plume of dust as the debris begins to settle on the gentle slope at the bottom of the cliff .
The ejected cloud is approximately 180 meters across and extends about 190 meters beyond the base of the cliff .
It is worth noting that the clouds are large 3D structures reaching into the Martian atmosphere and not 2D patterns on the surface ( shadows from the plume can be seen to the lower left of the clouds of dust ) .
The Martian landscape does not change very much over millions of years .
Unlike the Earth , Mars does not have a thick , eroding atmosphere blasting away at the surface features .
The lack of water also reduces these erosion effects .
Mars also has very little geological activity as core reactions are thought to have slowed or even stopped – there is therefore very little tectonic movement , no major earthquakes and no evidence for present volcanic activity .
So what caused these avalanches ?
HiRISE scientists have some ideas :
Disappearance of carbon dioxide frost , dislodging rocks .
Expansion and contraction of ice due to seasonal temperature differences .
Small Mars - quakes .
A nearby meteorite impact .
Vibrations from other avalanches causing other avalanches along the scarp
It seems most likely that the trigger may be down to seasonal changes .
As the North Polar RegionÂ heats up ( progressing toward summer ) , solid carbon dioxide ( “ dry ice ” ) may beÂ subliming , weakening rocks around theÂ edge of the cliff .
The same could be said for the thermal expansion and contraction of water iceÂ as the seasonalÂ air temperature becomes warmer or cooler .
Whatever the cause , we are very lucky to have captured this event , Â the science collected from these observations will be critical to understanding how the Martian landscape can change very rapidly .
The HiRISE instrument continues to return the most magnificently detailed images of the Red Planets surface , these observations of Mars avalanches will certainly go into the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ’s Hall of Fame …
Source : HiRISE Project Site
Eighteen - year - old Sören
Wolf was born with only one hand but when it comes to a prosthetic second one , he 's enthusiastic about both the “ i- LIMB ” and the ” Fluidhand . ”
The new “ i- LIMB ” prosthetic hand developed and distributed by Scottish company “ Touch Bionics ” has distinct advantages over similar competitive models .
Complex electronics and five motors contained in the fingers enable every digit of the i-LIMB to be powered individually .
A passive positioning of the thumb enables various grip configurations to be activated .
The myoelectric signals from the stump control the prosthetic hand ; muscle signals are picked up by electrodes on the skin and transferred to the control electronics in the prosthetic hand .
Prosthetic hand " i- LIMB " from the Scottish company " Touch Bionics .
Credit : Orthopedic University Hospital in Heidelberg
The “ Fluidhand ” from Karlsruhe , thus far developed only as a prototype that is also being tested in the Orthopedic University Hospital in Heidelberg , is based on a somewhat different principle .
Unlike others , the new hand can close around objects , even those with irregular surfaces .
A large contact surface and soft , passive form elements greatly reduce the gripping power required to hold onto such an object .
The hand also feels softer , more elastic , and more natural than conventional hard prosthetic devices .
Prototype of the " Fluidhand " of the Research Center in Karlsruhe .
Credit : Orthopedic University Hospital in Heidelberg
The flexible drives are located directly in the movable finger joints and operate on the biological principle of the spider leg – to flex the joints , elastic chambers are pumped up by miniature hydraulics .
In this way , index finger , middle finger and thumb can be moved independently .
The prosthetic hand gives the stump feedback , enabling the amputee to sense the strength of the grip .
Thus far , Sören has been the only patient in Heidelberg who has tested both models .
“ This experience is very important for us , ” says Simon Steffen , Director of the Department of Upper Extremities at the Orthopedic University Hospital in Heidelberg .
The two new models were the best of those tested , with a slight advantage for Fluidhand because of its better finishing , the programmed grip configurations , power feedback , and the more easily adjustable controls .
However , this prosthetic device is not in serial production .
“ First the developers have to find a company to produce it , ” says Alfons Fuchs , Director of Orthopedics Engineering at the Orthopedic University Hospital in Heidelberg , as the costs of manufacturing it are comparatively high .
However it is possible to produce an individual model .
Thus far , only one patient in the world has received a Fluidhand for everyday use .
A second patient will soon be fitted with this innovative prosthesis in Heidelberg .
The Tocqueville series is launched with a live program from the Tocqueville family chateau .
Descendants of Alexis de Tocqueville and Gustave de Beaumont , Tocqueville scholars and others discuss the family origins and history of both men .
About This Series
Beginning in May 1997 , the C - SPAN School Bus retraced the steps of Alexis de Tocqueville , author of Democracy in America , who traveled throughout the U.S. in 1831 with his friend , Gustave de Beaumont .
Starting in Newport , RI , the bus explored the eastern half of the U.S.
Over 9 months , the Bus made 55 stops along Tocqueville 's route and discussed the same issues he raised -- issues such as religion and politics , the impact and power of the press and the changing role of government .
Wired started it , Metafilter broadcast it and numerous sites are talking about a new downer review of the Zap company and its range of electric cars .
Or rather the lack of a range .
It ’s all a bit sad really , since all we ’re waiting for is a half decent electric vehicle which makes commercial , consumer and technical sense .
Funnily enough , in amongst all the furore I stumbled across an electric car maker which looks like it ’s actually getting somewhere ( i.e. they ’ve actually sold 250 cars ) albeit of the slow and legally crippled type .
Zenn Cars , a Canadian outfit , have a vehicle which looks half decent and seems to be fairly reasonably priced .
See the video here .
What ’s even more interesting are reports that the company plans on releasing a ‘ proper ’ highway legal electric vehicle next year called the cityZenn , based around EEstor technology .
We ’re talking 80 mph and 250 mile range , rechargeable in less than 5 minutes .
Yeah yeah , I know , believe it when we see it , but hey , these guys seem kosher and have actually invested substantial money in the EEstore company .
We ’ll see , eh ?
Secretive ultracapacitor firm EEStor , backed by Zenn and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , is developing a solid - state electrical energy storage unit which it says will be longer lasting , lighter , more powerful , and environmentally friendly than current battery technologies .
“ EEStor ’s technology is a tenth the weight and volume of lead - acid batteries , and significantly smaller than the most advanced chemical batteries today , ” said Clifford .
Zenn said EEStor has publicly committed to commercialization in 2008 , and that EEStor ’s first production line would be used to supply Zenn .
Zenn holds 3.8 percent of EEStor after investing $ 2.5 million in the ultracapacitor company in April .
Kleiner Perkins invested a reported $ 3 million in EEStor in 2005 .
Jennifer Aniston Pregnant
Let the latest celebrity baby bump watch begin ! is pregnant according to the latest issue of National Enquirer .
Yeah , yeah , I know .
But they did get it right withand
Jennifer has reportedly been living with Sex and the City hunk Jason Lewis .
She has been keeping a low profile lately and has n't been out and about much , which further fuels the pregnancy rumors .
Photos of Jen out with BFF Courteney Cox on Christmas Eve show her wearing a loose fitting black top and leggings , while holding a scarf close to her face , leaving many to speculate that the actress is trying to hide her fuller pregnant face and figure .
View photos below .
More photos at PopSugar
BAGHDAD  A suicide bomber killed 30 people at a funeral in Diyala Province on Thursday , and a fierce dust storm that blanketed much of Iraq provided cover in Baghdad for intensified rocket attacks into the fortified Green Zone .
The bombing , at a funeral for two Sunni tribesmen , was the second major suicide attack in three days in the northern province , which the American military says has largely been wrested from the control of insurgents .
On Tuesday a suicide car bombing in Baquba , the provincial capital , killed at least 40 people .
Fierce fighting continued Thursday in the Sadr City neighborhood of Baghdad .
American and Iraqi forces are seeking to stop Shiite militias from using the area as a firing ground for rockets and mortars aimed at the Green Zone , where Iraq ’s central government and the United States Embassy are housed .
According to the embassy , no one was wounded Thursday in the attacks on the zone .
Rocket and mortar fire on the Green Zone have dropped off significantly in recent days after a few weeks when there were multiple attacks daily .
The schedule for when people will receive their economic stimulus check has been out for a little while , and has been publicized by several blogs and media outlets .
There is a distinct disparity between when you will receive your check by direct deposit versus paper check , as seen in this table from the Internal Revenue Service website :
Stimulus Payment Schedule – Tax Returns Processed by April 15 Economic stimulus payments will be issued according to the last two - digits of the main filer ’s Social Security number .
People who use direct deposit also will be among the first to receive the payments starting May 2 .
Paper checks will be put in the mail starting May 16 .
DIRECT DEPOSIT
Last two SSN digits : Payment will be transmitted : 00 through 20 May 2 21 through 75 May 9 76 through 99 May 16 PAPER CHECK
Last two SSN digits : Payments will be mailed by : 00 through 09 May 16 10 through 18 May 23 19 through 25 May 30 26 through 38 June 6 39 through 51 June 13 52 through 63 June 20 64 through 75 June 27 76 through 87 July 4 88 through 99 July 11
So if you use direct deposit to receive your tax refund , the IRS will use that information to also direct deposit your stimulus check , much earlier in many cases than you would receive your check by mail .
For example , I am the main filer on our tax return , and using my social security number , we will receive our payment via direct deposit around May 9th .
If I had to wait for the paper check , we would not receive it until mid-June .
My dad has an irrational fear of direct deposit , so instead of getting his stimulus check around May 16th via direct deposit , he ’ll be getting his in July .
But !
What if you owed taxes this year , and therefore are n’t getting a refund ?
Are you doomed to receive your paper check much later ?
Not if you have n’t filed yet !
( Which I would guess is a large percentage of people who owe money – when i owe , I wait until April to send the IRS the money ) .
If you have n’t filed your return yet , and would like to receive your stimulus check by direct deposit , take a moment to fill out the direct deposit portion of your tax return .
Again , from the IRS website :
Q . If I ’m not expecting a refund , should I still fill out the direct deposit line on my return so I can get my stimulus payment direct deposited ?
A. Yes .
Even if you are n’t due a refund on your tax return , filling out the bank routing information will allow for your stimulus payment to be direct deposited .
So fill out the direct deposit information and get your economic stimulus check sooner !
What you do with that check once you get it is another discussion entirely …
And as a note , from the same IRS website page , if you choose to get a Refund Anticipation Loan from your tax preparer , even if you select direct deposit as your method of receiving your refund , you ’ll get a paper check for the stimulus check .
Another reason why Refund Anticipation Loans are bad !
Do n’t do it !
If you enjoyed this post , make sure you subscribe to my RSS feed
You can also : Stumble It !
Bookmark
Submit to Reddit
Submit to Tip’d
The BBC requested details of six MPs ' claims Commons speaker Michael Martin has released details of top MPs ' expenses - including John Prescott 's £ 4,000 food bill and a TV licence for Tony Blair .
The details follow a three - year Freedom of Information ( FOI ) battle by the BBC , which covers the expenses of six MPs .
Mr Blair 's claim of £ 116 for a TV licence has angered certain groups .
The National Pensioners ' Convention said its members will be " furious " and that most people had to wait until they hit 75 before getting a free licence .
Find out which Labour MP claimed £ 4,000 for food All six of the MPs covered by the BBC request claimed mortgage interest payments on their second homes and five had their council tax paid .
The expenses date back to 2003 / 2004 and there is no suggestion that any of the claims were in breach of rules , but they do shed further light on MPs ' spending .
Cleaning costs
Of the six MPs , then Conservative leader Michael Howard spent the most on " additional costs " - including mortgages , utility bills , council tax , phone bills , cleaning , food and provisions and household repairs , claiming £ 20,347 .
Pensioners will be furious to learn that the former prime minister was getting his [ TV licence ] paid for by the taxpayer
Neil Duncan- Jordan
National Pensioners ' Convention
Send us your comments
Mr Prescott , deputy prime minister until last year , was next on £ 20,057 , followed by Conservative MP Jonathan Sayeed , who has since stood down , on £ 18,618 .
Mr Blair spent £ 15,490 and Mr Brown £ 14,304 .
Meanwhile , then Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy 's £ 12,869 additional costs claim all went on mortgage interest payments .
Mr Prescott claimed the most on food and groceries of the six covered by the BBC 's request - £ 4,000 - with Mr Blair the only other MP to claim under this category , for £ 174.41 .
Under the rules , MPs can spend up to £ 400 a month on groceries .
Mr Blair , prime minister from 1997 until last year , had a £ 116 for TV licence paid .
Neil Duncan - Jordan , spokesman for the National Pensioners ' Convention , predicted there would be anger over Mr Blair having his TV licence paid .
ADDITIONAL COSTS ALLOWANCES 2003/04 Michael Howard - £ 20,347 John Prescott - £ 20,057 Jonathan Sayeed - £ 18,618 Tony Blair - £ 15,490 Gordon Brown - £ 14,304 Charles Kennedy - £ 12,869 Figures supplied by Commons Commission " Most people have to wait until they reach 75 before they get a free TV licence , and pensioners will be furious to learn that the former prime minister was getting his paid for by the taxpayer , " he said .
The figures supplied also include office costs , travel and telephone expenses .
In 2003 / 04 , the maximum amount MPs could claim for on Additional Cost Allowance , for running a second home was £ 20.902 .
It is currently £ 23,083 .
The BBC originally made its FOI request in 2005 .
But the House of Commons Commission argued that , a detailed breakdown of expenses could expose MPs to a security risk .
However , in January this year the information commissioner ruled that some of the details should be published .
A spokesman for the Information Commissioner 's Office said the information was " clearly a matter of public interest " .
Second request Following a separate FOI request by campaigner Heather Brooke , the House of Commons Commission has also released details of the second home costs of nine senior politicians from 2005 / 06 .
ADDITIONAL COSTS ALLOWANCES 2005/06 George Osborne - £ 21,533 Margaret Beckett - £ 21,415 David Cameron - £ 21,359 Mark Oaten - £ 21,178 William Hague - £ 20,071 Gordon Brown - £ 18,681 John Prescott - £ 12,825 Sir Menzies Campbell - £ 11,611 Tony Blair - £ 8,398.68
Figures supplied by Commons Commission Conservative leader David Cameron claimed nearly all of his permitted allowance in mortgage interest / rent payments - £ 21,293 - and did not claim for other items such as council tax , food , cleaning or repairs , the figures show .
Sir Menzies Campbell , then Lib Dem leader , claimed the most for food of the nine MPs that year - £ 3,700 , with John Prescott claiming just over half the amount he did two years earlier - £ 2,300 .
Ms Brooke faces a High Court battle to get a more detailed receipt by receipt breakdown of the costs after the Commons rejected a request by the information commissioner to release them .
The Commons authorities claim releasing details of travel routes and addresses could compromise MPs ' security .
Matthew Sinclair , from the TaxPayers '
Alliance , said some of the amounts revealed were " really shocking " .
He said : " The public will be alarmed to hear that they are paying essentially to keep MPs for large parts of their working years , to cover their food , to cover their council tax and to insulate them from the kind of cost pressures that ordinary people feel . "
But Labour MP
Ann Cryer said the pursuit of expenses details by journalists was " becoming a witch hunt " and politicians were " all being tarred with the same brush " .
She told BBC Radio 4's The World at One : " We are all assumed to be wrong ' uns . "
But a Conservative Party spokesman applauded the release of the figures and said all of the party 's frontbenchers had been ordered to declare parliamentary claims annually .
Liberal Democrat transport spokesman and anti-sleaze campaigner Norman Baker said : " This is public money we are talking about and we have to be accountable for it . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why does the date of Easter vary by more than a month ?
Because the ancient Egyptians and Hebrews used different calendars .
The Egyptians had one based on the movement of the sun , which was passed on through the Romans and Christian culture to become the modern world 's standard .
The Jews had one based on the phases of the moon – as Islam does , which is why the month of Ramadan moves round the calendar and takes places at different times of the year each year , with Muslims waiting for sightings of the moon before they know what day it will begin .
Easter is one of the festivals which tries to harmonise the solar and lunar calendars .
As a general rule , Easter falls on the first Sunday , following the first full moon after 21 March .
But not always .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Why do we still have to use both solar and lunar calendars ?
Easter is the time when Christians celebrate the Resurrection of Christ .
According to the gospels he was killed three days before the Resurrection , around the time of the Jewish Passover .
So Christians wanted to have their feast day around the same time as the Jewish festival which was fixed by the first full moon following the vernal equinox – the spring day when night and day are exactly the same length .
The problem comes because a solar year ( the length of time it takes the earth to move round the sun ) is 365 days , 5 hours , 49 minutes , and 12 seconds whereas a lunar year is 354.37 days .
Calculating one against another is seriously complicated .
There have been various attempts to reconcile this , including the famous saltus lunae ( the moon 's jump ) whereby one of the 30 - day months in the lunar cycle gets arbitrarily shortened to 29 days .
But the solar and lunar years diverge by 11 days every year .
Scores of formulae have been devised to try to reconcile the two as a method of marking time .
How many ways are there of calculating Easter ?
Dozens .
In the 2nd century a Roman called Hippolytus devised an eight - year cycle .
A century on , 84 - year tables were introduced , which were still in use in parts of the British Isles as late as 931 .
There was a ruling by the First Council of Nicaea in 325 that Easter should be celebrated on the Sunday after the first full moon following the spring equinox but this was ignored for centuries , with even the church in Rome using its own methods until the 6th century .
More recently there have been Mallen 's Method , Marcos Montes Method , Carter 's Method , Oudin's Method ... and on it goes .
There is another complicating factor .
It had been decided that the vernal equinox would occur on 20 March ( as it did at Nicaea ) but that too varies .
It was on 21 March in 2007 .
So the old church fathers got round this by redefining what a full moon is .
Why are there so many different definitions of a full moon ?
An astronomical full moon , like an astronomical equinox , is not a day but a moment in time – which can be observed happening on different days depending on which side of the international date line you stand .
And waiting for an event to happen made it impossible to plan ahead .
So they decided that the Paschal Full Moon ( PFM ) would not be an astronomical moon but an ecclesiastical full moon .
These could be set down ahead of time , which is what happened from 325 AD .
Astronomers approximated astronomical full moon dates for the church , calling them Ecclesiastical Full Moon ( EFM ) dates .
Thus Easter was defined as the Sunday after the first EFM after 20 March .
And that date was the appointed vernal equinox , regardless of whether it was or not .
So we have a notional full moon following a notional equinox .
Is this why Easter is on a different day in Eastern Europe ?
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
No .
That 's because the Orthodox church sticks to the calendar promulgated by Julius Caesar but which the West abandoned in the 16th century .
But it is all linked to trying to harmonise solar and lunar calendars .
By 1582 the Julian calendar ( which made the year too long by several minutes ) was out of sequence with the equinoxes by 10 days and with Caesar 's original dates by 14 days .
So Pope Gregory XIII decreed a new calendar which dropped leap years when they happened at the end of a century where the number was not divisible by 400 – thus 2000 was a leap year but 2100 wo n't be .
He also decreed that the world would jump from 5 October to 14 October .
The English , afraid that this was some kind of popish plot , refused to come on board until 1753 , by which time English calendars were 11 days out .
When the change was finally imposed here innumerate protesters , assuming that real days were being stolen from them , rioted demanding " Give us back our 11 days ! "
The Orthodox Easter is still a Julian one and usually follows ours by a week or so and can even stretch into May .
So is this the earliest Easter can get ?
No .
It can be on 22 March , as it was in 1761 and 1818 , but that wo n't happen until 2285 .
Its latest possible date is 25 April but we have n't had that since 1943 and wo n't again until 2038 .
The commonest date is 19 April though the full cycle of Easter dates only repeats after 5,700,000 years .
Ca n't the date be fixed by modern astronomy ?
Astronomers have tried to reconcile the lunar and solar cycles since the time of the ancient Greek stargazer Meton of Athens who came up with the 19 - year Metonic cycle .
And the ancient Egyptians knew that the heliacal rising of Sirius was a more accurate predictor of the flooding of the Nile than solar dates were .
But more accurate astronomy only makes things more complicated .
We now know that a solar year is 365.2422 days and a vernal equinox year is 365.2424 days and a sidereal year is 365.25636042 days – none of which fit exactly with the 365.2425 days of the Gregorian calendar .
Then there is the precession of the equinoxes by which the earth wobbles like a spinning top .
Its poles shift in relation to certain stars in a 25,800 - year complete one - wobble cycle .
And the tidal drag between the Earth and the Moon and Sun , which is affected by melting glaciers and sea - level rise , increases the length of the day and of the month .
Ca n't we just pluck a fixed date out of the air and agree on it ?
Both governments and churches have tried to do that .
Secularists have suggested that Easter should fall on the second Sunday of April each year .
The World Council of Churches in 1997 suggested replacing the current equation - based system with direct astronomical observation .
Even where there is notional agreement , implementation is another matter .
In Britain , an Easter Act was passed in 1928 fixing the holiday as " the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April " .
The law remains on the statute book but it has never been enforced .
There are too many contradictory influences brought to bear .
It seems that Easter is set to remain the original moveable feast .
At least in Missouri .
Apparently cadres of Paulistas read the Missouri Republican rule book and burrowed into the party structure from the inside this weekend -- at the county caucus meetings .
Usually attended only by party apparatchiks , the caucuses help set the official party platform and deal with internal rules issues .
The kind of stuff most folks ignore .
Not the Paulistas , who swarm ed meetings in St. Louis , Kansas City , Springfield and some rural counties and , as the St. Louis Post - Dispatch put it , " snagged roughly a third of the 2,137 state Republican delegates . "
All of which would be yawn - inducing except that " those delegates will determine the state GOP platform this spring and help select the presidential delegates to the national Republican presidential convention in Minneapolis - St. Paul in September . "
Also in the weekend caucuses , the Paulistas " won approval for some of their man 's key positions , including resolutions for withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq and Afghanistan , and against the federal Patriot Act and warrantless wiretaps . "
The biggest hit : A resolution to be taken up at the state party meeting in the spring to repeal the rule that all of Missouri's 58 delegates go to the winner , John McCain .
" We 're not holding out an illusion that Ron is going to win the nomination , " said Debbie Hopper , Paul 's national field director .
" This is about calling the Republican Party back to its roots . "
Some of the party regulars tried to call foul , saying that many of the Paulistas were Democrats , Libertarians or others ineligible to participate .
But St. Louis city Republican chair Judy Zakibe gave credit where it was due .
" Our people did n't come out , " Zakibe said .
" That 's what cost us . "
It 's like the lottery ads say -- you gotta play to win .
And the Paulistas played .
-- Scott Martelle
Iacocca : ‘ Some of us are sick and tired of people who call free speech treason ’
When it comes to politics , former Chrysler CEO Lee Iacocca is generally not much of a player .
When he has dabbled in politics , Iacocca is generally known for being a Republican — he was close with Reagan , he endorsed Bush in 2000 , and backed Dick DeVos ’ gubernatorial campaign in Michigan last year .
But if Iacocca ’s new book is any indication , the retired businessman seems to be moving in a different direction .
( thanks to E.S. for the tip )
Am I the only guy in this country who ’s fed up with what ’s happening ?
Where the hell is our outrage ?
We should be screaming bloody murder .
We ’ve got a gang of clueless bozos steering our ship of state right over a cliff , we ’ve got corporate gangsters stealing us blind , and we ca n’t even clean up after a hurricane much less build a hybrid car .
But instead of getting mad , everyone sits around and nods their heads when the politicians say , “ Stay the course . ”
Stay the course ?
You ’ve got to be kidding .
This is America , not the damned Titanic .
I ’ll give you a sound bite :
Throw the bums out !
You might think I ’m getting senile , that I ’ve gone off my rocker , and maybe I have .
But someone has to speak up .
I hardly recognize this country anymore .
The President of the United States is given a free pass to ignore the Constitution , tap our phones , and lead us to war on a pack of lies .
Congress responds to record deficits by passing a huge tax cut for the wealthy ( thanks , but I do n’t need it ) .
The most famous business leaders are not the innovators but the guys in handcuffs .
While we ’re fiddling in Iraq , the Middle East is burning and nobody seems to know what to do .
And the press is waving pom-poms instead of asking hard questions .
That ’s not the promise of America my parents and yours traveled across the ocean for .
I ’ve had enough .
How about you ?
I ’ll go a step further .
You ca n’t call yourself a patriot if you ’re not outraged … .
Why are we in this mess ?
How did we end up with this crowd in Washington ?
Well , we voted for them — or at least some of us did .
But I ’ll tell you what we did n’t do .
We did n’t agree to suspend the Constitution .
We did n’t agree to stop asking questions or demanding answers .
Some of us are sick and tired of people who call free speech treason .
Where I come from that ’s a dictatorship , not a democracy .
Not bad for a guy a former Bush backer , do n’t you think ?
The book excerpt from Iacocca ’s upcoming release sounds like an unusually stinging criticism of the president he supported publicly just seven years ago .
Asking , “ Where have all the leaders gone ? ” Iacocca talked about what he describes as the “ Nine Cs of Leadership . ”
* Curiosity — “ George W. Bush brags about never reading a newspaper .
‘ I just scan the headlines , ’ he says .
Am I hearing this right ?
He ’s the President of the United States and he never reads a newspaper ?
Thomas Jefferson once said , ‘ Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers , or newspapers without a government , I should not hesitate for a moment to prefer the latter . ’
Bush disagrees .
As long as he gets his daily hour in the gym , with Fox News piped through the sound system , he ’s ready to go .
* Creative — “ George Bush prides himself on never changing , even as the world around him is spinning out of control .
God forbid someone should accuse him of flip - flopping .
There ’s a disturbingly messianic fervor to his certainty . ”
* Communicate — “ The war in Iraq has been , among other things , a grand failure of communication .
Bush is like the boy who did n’t cry wolf when the wolf was at the door .
After years of being told that all is well , even as the casualties and chaos mount , we ’ve stopped listening to him .
* Character — “ George Bush has a lot of power .
What does it say about his character ?
Bush has shown a willingness to take bold action on the world stage because he has the power , but he shows little regard for the grievous consequences .
He has sent our troops ( not to mention hundreds of thousands of innocent Iraqi citizens ) to their deaths — for what ?
To build our oil reserves ?
To avenge his daddy because Saddam Hussein once tried to have him killed ?
To show his daddy he ’s tougher ?
The motivations behind the war in Iraq are questionable , and the execution of the war has been a disaster .
A man of character does not ask a single soldier to die for a failed policy . ”
* Courage —
“ Swagger is n’t courage .
Tough talk is n’t courage .
George Bush comes from a blue - blooded Connecticut family , but he likes to talk like a cowboy .
You know , My gun is bigger than your gun .
Courage in the twenty - first century does n’t mean posturing and bravado .
Courage is a commitment to sit down at the negotiating table and talk … .
Bush ca n’t even make a public appearance unless the audience has been handpicked and sanitized . ”
It goes on from there , blasting Bush ’s convictions , charisma , competence , common sense , and ability to manage a crisis .
It ’s a shame Iacocca did n’t realize this sooner , but I guess it ’s better late than never , right ?
Programming Benefits of programming outside
image ( c ) Steven Duerinckx – image ( c ) Steven Duerinckx – www.darkink.be
Developing quality software requires a lot of mental effort .
The concept could be difficult to grasp for people outside the field , those who associate work with physical labour — movement , assembly , typing up reports .
Though when it comes to writing software , a bulk of effort goes into thought .
So much in the same way how one needs to take a break after lifting heavy boxes , it ’s also a good idea to give one ’s mind a break after a mental workout .
Personally , I like to go outside for short walks .
While distracting yourself with reddit takes one ’s mind off actual work just the same , there are a number of additional benefits to going outside :
Get some fresh air — the brain is very sensitive to the levels of oxygen .
Assuming that the quality of air is actually better outside , it is very refreshing to recharge with a fresh supply .
Reduce eye stress — walking away from your screen reduces the stress on your eyes .
Preventing the buildup of stress on the eyes is very important for their maintenance .
Refresh the mind — when stuck at a problem , going outside puts things into a new perspective , one away from all the lines of code .
Sometimes I come up with new ideas to try , but more often I just let my mind drift and sort itself out , in a zen line state .
During one of my work terms , even as a student , I have gotten a few senior developers to regularly join me for coffee breaks across the street from the office .
It was a much needed opportunity for the mind to take a break from the programming and refresh itself in the afternoon , so the idea quickly caught on .
As an added bonus , we were keeping up with each other ’s progress much better than the weekly meetings ever could facilitate .
What do others do to keep their mind from burning out after long programming sessions ?
Leave a comment !
Read more
Uhh ... nothing else appears to be relevant enough .
By George Friedman Tehran has announced that Iran and the United States will hold a new round of talks on the future of Iraq at some point next week .
The Iranians said that the " structure of the discussions have been finalized but the level of participation has not yet been agreed . "
Meanwhile , Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said that President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is expected to visit Iraq before March 20 , the Iranian New Year .
The United States has not denied either of these reports .
There thus appears to be some public movement occurring in the U.S. - Iranian talks over Iraq .
These talks are not new .
This would be the fourth in a series of meetings ; the most recent meeting happened last August .
These meetings have been scheduled and canceled before , and because who will attend this go - round remains unsettled , these talks may never get off the ground .
More significant , no Iranian president has visited Iraq since the Khomeini revolution .
If this visit took place , it would represent a substantial evolution .
It also is not something that would happen unopposed if the United States did not want it to ; by contrast , the Iraqi government lacks much of a say in the matter because it does not have that much room for maneuver .
So we can say this much : Nothing has happened yet , but the Iranians have repositioned themselves as favoring some sort of diplomatic initiative from their side and the Americans so far have not done anything to discourage them .
U.S. - Iranian negotiations are always opaque because they are ideologically difficult to justify by both sides .
For Iran , the United States is the Great Satan .
For the United States , Iran is part of the Axis of Evil .
It is difficult for Iran to talk to the devil or for the United States to negotiate with evil .
Therefore , U.S. - Iranian discussions always take place in a strange way .
The public rhetoric between the countries is always poisonous .
If you simply looked at what each country says about the other , you would assume that no discussions are possible .
But if you treat the public rhetoric as simply designed to manage domestic public opinion , and then note the shifts in policy outside of the rhetorical context , a more complex picture emerges .
Public and private talks have taken place , and more are planned .
If you go beyond the talks to actions , things become even more interesting .
We have discussed this before , but it is important to understand the strategic interests of the two countries at this point to understand what is going on .
Ever since the birth of the Islamic Republic of Iran , Iraq has been the buffer between the Iranians and the Arabian Peninsula .
The United States expected to create a viable pro-American government quickly after the 2003 invasion of Iraq , and therefore expected that Iraq would continue to serve as a buffer .
That did not happen for a number of reasons , and therefore the strategic situation has evolved .
The primary American interest in Iraq at this point is a negative one — namely , that Iraq not become an Iranian satellite .
If that were to happen and Iranian forces entered Iraq , the entire balance of power in the Arabian Peninsula would collapse .
Whatever the future of Iraq , U.S. policy since the surge and before has been to prevent a vacuum into which Iran can move .
The primary Iranian interest in Iraq also is negative .
Tehran must make sure that no Iraqi government is formed that is dominated by Sunnis , as happened under the Baathists , and that the Iraqi military never becomes powerful enough to represent an offensive threat to Iran .
In other words , above all else , Iran 's interest is to avoid a repeat of the 1980 - 88 Iran - Iraq war .
Obviously , each side has positive goals .
The United States would love to see a powerful , pro-American Iraqi government that could threaten Iran on its own .
The Iranians would love to see a pro-Iranian government in Baghdad and the withdrawal of U.S. forces from Iraq .
Neither side is in a position to achieve these goals .
The United States cannot create a pro-U.S. government because the Iranians , through their influence in the Shiite community , can create sufficient chaos to make that impossible .
Through the surge , the United States has demonstrated to the Iranians that it is not withdrawing from Iraq , and the Iranians do not have the ability to force an American withdrawal .
So long as the Americans are there and moving closer to the Sunnis , the Iranians cannot achieve their positive goals and also must harbor concerns about the long - term future of Iraq .
Each side has blocked the other 's strategic positive goal .
Each side now wants to nail down its respective negative goal : avoiding the thing it fears the most .
Ever since the 2006 U.S. congressional midterm elections , when President George W. Bush confounded Iranian expectations by actually increasing forces in Iraq rather than beginning a phased withdrawal , the two countries have been going through a complex process of talks and negotiations designed to achieve their negative ends : the creation of an Iraq that cannot threaten Iran but can be a buffer against Iranian expansion .
Neither side trusts the other , and each would love to take advantage of the situation to achieve its own more ambitious goals .
But the reality on the ground is that each side would be happy if it avoided the worst - case scenario .
Again , ignoring the rhetoric , there has been a fairly clear sequence of events .
Casualties in Iraq have declined — not only U.S. military casualties but also civilian casualties .
The civil war between Sunni and Shia has declined dramatically , although it did not disappear .
Sunnis and Shia both were able to actively project force into more distant areas , so the decline did not simply take place because neighborhoods became more homogeneous , nor did it take place because of the addition of 30,000 troops .
Though the United States created a psychological shift , even if it uses its troops more effectively , Washington cannot impose its will on the population .
A change in tactics or an increase of troops to 150,000 cannot control a country of 25 million bent on civil war .
The decline in intracommunal violence is attributable to two facts .
The first is the alliance between the United States and Sunni leaders against al Qaeda , which limited the jihadists ' ability to strike at the Shia .
The second is the decision by the Iranians to control the actions of Iranian - dominated militias .
The return of Muqtada al - Sadr — the most radical of the Shiite leaders — to ayatollah school and his decision to order his followers to cease fire dramatically reduced Shiite - on - Sunni violence .
That would not , and could not , have happened without Iranian concurrence .
If the Iranians had wanted the civil war to continue unabated , it would have .
The Iranians cannot eliminate all violence , nor do they want to .
They want the Americans to understand that they can resume the violence at will .
Nevertheless , without the Iranian decision to limit the violence , the surge would not have worked .
If the prime Iranian threat against the United States was civil war in Iraq , the prime American threat against Iran was an air campaign against Iranian infrastructure .
Such a campaign was publicly justified by the U.S. claim that Iran was developing nuclear weapons .
With the Iranians having removed the threat of overwhelming civil war in Iraq , the United States responded by removing the threat of an air campaign .
The publication of the National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) stating that Iran does not have a nuclear program at present effectively signaled the Iranians that there would be no campaign .
There was intense speculation that the NIE was a " coup " by the intelligence community against the president .
Though an interesting theory , not a single author of the NIE has been fired , none of the intelligence community leaders has been removed , and the president has very comfortably lived with the report 's findings .
He has lowered the threat of war against Iran while holding open the possibility — as the NIE suggests — that the Iranians might still be a threat , and that a new NIE might require airstrikes .
The Iranians reduced Shiite violence .
The United States reduced the threat of airstrikes .
At various points , each side has tested and signaled to the other .
The Iranians have encouraged small - scale attacks by Shia in recent weeks , but nothing like what was going on a year or two ago .
During Bush 's trip to the region , the United States triggered a crisis in the Strait of Hormuz to signal the Iranians that the United States retains its options .
The rhetoric remains apocalyptic , but the reality is that , without admitting it , each side has moved to lower the temperature .
Clearly , secret negotiations are under way .
The announcement that an agreement was reached on the structure and subject of a public meeting this week by definition means that unpublicized conversations have been taking place .
Similarly , the announcement that Ahmadinejad will be visiting Iraq could not have come without extensive back - channel discussions .
We would suspect that these discussions actually have been quite substantial .
The Iranians have made clear what they want in these negotiations .
Mottaki was quoted in the Iranian media as saying , " We did express our readiness for entering into negotiations with the U.S. when the talks were held by the five Security Council permanent members plus Germany over Iran 's nuclear program . "
He also said that , " Revising its policies toward Iran , the U.S. can pave the way for us to consider the circumstances needed for such talks to be held . "
Since talks are being held , it must indicate some movement on the American part .
It all comes down to this : The United States , at the very least , wants a coalition government in Iraq not controlled by Iran , which can govern Iraq and allow the United States to draw down its forces .
The Iranians want an Iraqi government not controlled by the United States or the Sunnis , which can control Iraq but not be strong enough to threaten Iran .
Iran also wants the United States to end sanctions against Iran , while the United States wants Iran to end all aspects of its nuclear program .
Ending sanctions is politically difficult for the United States .
Ending all aspects of the nuclear program is difficult for Iran .
The United States can finesse the sanctions issue by turning a blind eye to third powers trading with Iran and allowing U.S. companies to set up foreign subsidiaries to conduct trade with Iran .
The Iranians can finesse the nuclear issue , maintaining limited aspects of the program but not pursuing all the technologies needed to build a weapon .
Rhetoric aside , we are therefore in a phase where there are ways for each side to get what it wants .
Obviously , the political process is under way in both countries , with Iranian parliamentary elections on March 14 and the U.S. presidential race in full swing .
Much domestic opposition is building up against Ahmadinejad , and an intensifying power struggle in Iran could be a fairly large distraction for the country in the short term .
The Iranians also could wait a bit more to see how the U.S. presidential campaign shapes up before making any major decisions .
But then , a political process is always under way .
That means the rhetoric will remain torrid ; the public meetings few and low - key ; the private discussions ongoing ; and actions by each side sometimes inexplicable , keyed as they are to private discussions .
But it is clear from this week 's announcements by the Iranians that there is movement under way .
If the Iranian president does visit Iraq and the United States makes no effort to block him , that will be the signal that some sort of accommodation has been reached .
The United States and Iran will not recognize each other and will continue to condemn and even threaten each other .
But this is truly a case where their rhetoric does not begin to reflect the reality .
A new prosthetic hand uses individually movable fingers to hold a credit card , use a keyboard and lift a heavy bag .
Researchers bill it as the world 's first commercially available prosthetic hand that can move each finger separately .
The i-LIMB , made by the Scottish company Touch Bionics , is being tested at the Orthopedic University Hospital in Heidelberg , Germany .
The hydraulic hand went on sale in Britain last year for about $ 17,500 and is being used by a small number of people .
The company began operations in the United States earlier this year and plans to make the device more widely available .
Unlike similar models that allowed gripping with just the thumb and one or two fingers , the i-LIMB allows a user to grab something with all five .
It also feels softer and more natural than the typically hard prosthetics of old , its maker says .
Flexible hydraulic drives are located directly in the movable finger joints , and the prosthetic hand gives feedback to the user 's stump , enabling the amputee to sense the strength of the grip .
On the company 's Web site are testimonials from a select few who have gotten an i-LIMB .
Among them is 27 - year - old retired U.S. Army Sgt. Juan Arredondo , whose hand was severed below the elbow by an explosive device in Iraq .
" I can pick up a Styrofoam cup without crushing it , " said Sgt. Arredondo .
" With my other myoelectric hand , I would really have to concentrate on how much pressure I was putting on the cup .
The i-LIMB hand does things naturally .
I can just grab the cup like a regular person . "
The company is looking for a company to make the devices on a production scale .
Meanwhile , it 's also being tested by 18 - year - old Soren Wolf , who was born with only one hand .
Wolf is said to be enthusiastic about the device 's capabilities , according to a statement issued today by Orthopedic University Hospital .
Exclusive to STR
February 8 , 2008
From a recent solicitation letter I received from the National Rifle Association in order to increase membership , I excerpt the following quote : ' We actively work to fight anti-gun media bias by encouraging law - abiding gun owners like you to stand tall and defend our freedoms without apology or compromise . '
For our purposes , let 's set aside the misnomer of defending freedom while remaining ' law - abiding . '
Thoreau , I suspect , among others ' myself included ' might have had a thing or two to say about that all by itself .
It is also arguable that from a Voluntaryist standpoint , being a member of any organization that actively lobbies government in any form is counterproductive and antithetical to freedom .
Insofar as this is true , I must admit that for several years I have been a member of Gun Owners of America , which prides itself on being ' the only no - compromise gun lobby . '
In all the time I 've been a member , I 've seen nothing to dissuade me from the contention that the staff at GOA are genuine in this assertion .
It 's what , in part , makes the aforementioned quote from the NRA so breathtaking .
Let 's have a look at some additional recent events :
In the wake of the Virginia Tech shootings , Congress ginned up the so - named ' Veterans Disarmament Act . '
This bill , in essence , expanded the infamous Brady background check law .
To anyone who knows anything about government , this should come as no surprise .
What is shocking is that this bill had the full backing and blessings of the NRA .
In fact , the NRA staff worked very closely with none other than Senator Chuck Schumer and Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy ' both long - time and rabid attackers of gun ownership ' in order to get the bill passed .
To quote Schumer in speaking with the Associated Press on September 27 , 2007 , he said : ' When the NRA and Chuck Schumer agree , that tells you it 's something worth doing . '
Here 's something just as maddening .
Congressman John D. Dingell , in actually speaking before an NRA audience , told the assembled crowd , ' In times of great stress , it is permissible to walk side by side with the devil to get to the other side of the bridge . '
In so saying , he was quoting his self - proclaimed ' hero , ' Franklin Delano Roosevelt , who had originally made the statement in defense of working hand in hand with Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin in World War II .
But here 's the kicker , the thing that should make everyone stand up and take notice .
In a letter from Iloilo Marguerite Jones of the Fully Informed Jurors Association ( FIJA ) to Larry Pratt , Executive Director of GOA , published in the Winter 2007 issue of American Juror , in which Ms. Jones refers to a recently produced FIJA jury nullification brochure focusing on gun rights , she had the following to say : ' Because you , Larry , had the courage to distribute this brochure , other groups , knowing you had done so , have been distributing the brochure as well , including Liberty Belles and JPFO ( Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership [ sic ] ) .
NRA has ignored our offers and correspondence regarding the brochure , which we offered to provide them to mail to their entire membership , more than once ' ( italics are mine ) .
I first received a copy of the brochure in question because of my GOA membership .
It is of the highest possible quality , and upon subsequently contacting Ms. Jones to congratulate her for having done such an outstanding job , she graciously provided me with a large quantity of the brochures , and has subsequently sent me even more jury nullification materials at no cost to myself .
So I can arrive at no other conclusion than this :
The NRA , for all of its hyperbole , does not even want its own membership to be aware of the concept of jury nullification , even when an innocent gun owner may be standing in the dock .
I can think of no legitimate excuse for that kind of behavior from a gun rights organization that claims to encourage defending freedom ' without apology or compromise . '
None .
Can you ?
I must admit that , as a Voluntaryist , I remain a GOA member not to engage government , but because I enjoy staying informed , and also as an insurance policy : GOA has been known on numerous occasions to assist its members who run afoul of government thugs .
Not just in high - profile cases , either ; often just regular folks like you or me .
Having said that , I 'm not going to go so far , necessarily , as to accuse the NRA of being little more than a front organization for the forces of gun control ' although one might , based on the evidence , well make that assertion .
What I am going to say , however , is only that which should be obvious by now :
The NRA is no friend of freedom .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- A U.S. - contracted cargo ship fired warning shots in the Persian Gulf at two small patrol boats believed to be from Iran , U.S. Navy officials said Friday .
The crew of the Westward Venture , which was under contract to the U.S. government , reported that it radioed a warning and fired flares before resorting to warning shots Thursday , the officials said .
The ship carried a Navy mobile security team that is authorized to respond to perceived threats , as do all military - contracted ships in the 5th Fleet 's area of command in the waters surrounding the turbulent Middle East and East Africa , the Navy said .
The cargo vessel was en route to Kuwait and about 50 miles from the Iranian coast , according the reports .
The Revolutionary Guard , part of Iran 's military , says no such incident took place , according to the state - run Islamic Republic News Agency .
Tensions in the Persian Gulf have been high this year .
The United States and Iran , which have no diplomatic relations and blame each other for problems in Iraq , have had at least two other tense incidents in the Gulf since January .
This month , the U.S. military reported that three small Iranian boats approached the patrol ship USS Typhoon in a " taunting manner . "
Two of the boats turned away , but one came within 200 yards of the Typhoon , prompting a crew member to fire a warning flare .
Through its state - run news agency , Iran denied reports of the April 10 incident , saying the U.S. media " tries to portray the Persian Gulf as a turbulent area in order to prepare the grounds for the permanent presence of U.S. forces in the region . "
On January 6 , five boats belonging to Iran 's Revolutionary Guard " harassed and provoked " three U.S. Navy ships in the Strait of Hormuz , a narrow shipping channel leading into and out of the Persian Gulf , the U.S. military said .
Though the United States deemed the encounter " significant , " an Iranian official told Iran 's state - run media that it was not a serious incident .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Shirzad Bozorgmehr contributed to this report .
All About Iran • Iraq War • Persian Gulf
Update : The President and CEO of eMusic today disputed the claim made by USA Today as to Amazon 's current market position .
It seems that Apple is finally seeing some formidable competition in the form of Amazon ’s MP3 download store .
Jeffrey Graham of USA Today reports that Amazon MP3 , an exclusively DRM - free digital sales outlet whose lifespan goes back only about half a year ’s time , “ has quietly become No. 2 ” to Apple ’s top placement , far surpassing the industry ’s prior second - place institution , eMusic .
At present , Apple claims a music catalogue of some 6 million songs , one - third of which is now delivered DRM - free .
Those tracks comprise collections sold by record giant EMI and various independent labels .
Amazon ’s gross count to date ranks at an impressive 4.5 million , all of which are sold devoid of software - based copyright restrictions .
The ascent of Amazon MP3 can most likely be credited to Amazon ’s de facto brand recognition , which derives from its online retail prowess honed over a large span of time , as well as its proven ability to expand its digital offerings tremendously over the course of only several months .
When juxtaposed against the history of Apple ’s iTunes Store , Amazon MP3 is without a doubt the long - awaited reckoning for Apple CEO Steve Jobs .
The fast pace of Amazon MP3 ’s growth is of course partly due to the tremendous handicap placed on Apple ’s own online music service by three of the four biggest record industry forces .
While EMI granted Apple a DRM - free catalogue back in 2007 , and to great acclaim , Universal , Sony BMG , and Warner have all chosen to side with Amazon MP3 , at least temporarily , in their delivery of DRM - free material .
This factor has likely contributed a good deal to the trend shown by Amazon ’s service .
While such a strategy likely stifles the potential for digital sales overall for the industry , one cannot deny that the move to offer Amazon such rights has granted Apple ’s newest competitor the position it now touts , which may well be in the long - term interests of the media companies when sitting across from iTunes representatives at the negotiation table .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Streetfighter 3 thirdstrike .
Daigo ( ken ) against Justin ( chun -li ) for the Evo World CHampionship in 2004 .
Aft ...
Streetfighter 3 thirdstrike .
Daigo ( ken ) against Justin ( chun -li ) for the Evo World CHampionship in 2004 .
After watching the entire clip you can tell that toying with opponents is fun :) .
Yes i love streetfighter , takes lot of concentration to play .
Make sure to watch the ending .
Hope you enjoy it .
Eight years ago , when Metallica became the poster band for the clash between the record industry and its fans , the whole thing started when drummer Lars Ulrich personally delivered a massive printout of the names of people who had been sharing Metallica songs on Napster to the company 's headquarters .
But with only one record left on its Warner Music Group contract , the Ulrich says Metallica could be planning a digital release along the lines of what Radiohead and Nine Inch Nails have done , as ironic as that might seem .
" You know , this is our last record under contract with Warner , sowe 're looking at how we can embrace everything , " said Ulrich , who pointed out to Rolling Stone during a Record Store Day appearance that the band already allows fans to buy MP3 and FLAC versions of recent live shows and download older shows for free .
After denying that the Metallica would sign a 360 - degree deal withLive Nation , Ulrich implied that the band could choose a more independent , digitalroute : " We 've been observing Radioheadand Trent Reznor and in twenty - seven years or however long it takesfor the next record , we 'll be looking forward to everything interms of possibilities with the Internet . "
Although it seems ironic that the band which so infamously tookon its fans for downloading music would choose an internet - only release strategy , possibly with an optional price or even a free option ,
Ulrich claimed the move would not represent a change of direction .
The band has always been " fiercely independent and controlling ;
sometimes to a fault , " he said .
( In another sign of the times , Ulrich spent a good portion of Record Store Day signing Guitar Hero controllers . )
See Also :
( via Music Ally ; image of Lars Ulrich on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire via YouTube
Governments will have to pay for more bailouts , says Fund as it slashes growth forecasts and warns of global recession
We are in the worst financial crisis since Depression , says IMF
The US mortgage crisis has spiralled into " the largest financial shock since the Great Depression " and there is a one - in - four chance that it will cause a full - blown global recession , the International Monetary Fund warned yesterday .
As finance ministers and central bankers arrived in Washington to discuss ways of tackling the crisis , the IMF warned , in its twice - yearly World Economic Outlook , that governments might be forced to step in with more public bailouts of troubled banks and cash - strapped homeowners before the crisis was over .
" The financial market crisis that erupted in August 2007 has developed into the largest financial shock since the Great Depression , inflicting heavy damage on markets and institutions at the core of the financial system , " it said .
After warning this week that the world 's financial firms could end up shouldering $ 1trn ( £ 500 bn ) of losses from the credit crunch , the IMF said it expected the US to experience a " mild recession " , notching up GDP growth of 0.5 % in 2008 and 0.6 % in 2009 .
It expects house prices to fall by up to a further 10 % before the downturn is over .
With the US sliding into such a recession , there is mounting pessimism about the ability of the rest of the world to escape unscathed .
The IMF shaved its forecast for growth in the global economy by half a percentage point , to 3.7 % for this year , and by 0.6 % - to 3.8 % - for 2009 .
Although the Washington - based body expects most emerging economies to continue to grow strongly over the next two years , it admits that efforts to tackle the knock - on effects of the credit crunch could be hampered by fast - growing commodity prices .
" Inflation has picked up around the globe , mainly reflecting sharp increases in food and energy prices , " it said .
In the US , President Bush has already signed off a $ 150 bn tax rebate package to kick - start the US economy , and the Federal Reserve last month backed an extraordinary emergency buyout of the investment bank Bear Stearns .
However , the IMF said more taxpayers ' cash may still need to be spent to unblock the markets .
" Given the serious risks coming from sustained financial market dislocations , the recent legislation to provide additional fiscal support for an economy under stress is fully justified , and room may need to be found for some additional support for housing and financial markets . "
Simon Johnson , IMF research director , presenting the report in Washington , described such bailouts as an essential " third line of defence " , after interest rate and tax cuts , for governments struggling to prevent a deep recession .
He said the main risk to the global economy over the next year was the emergence of a vicious circle , as house prices continued to fall , dealing a fresh blow to the world 's banks , and creating a damaging feedback loop .
" Sentiment in financial markets has improved in recent weeks since the Federal Reserve 's strong actions with regard to investment banks .
But we have seen how strains in markets can quickly become reinforcing , and the possibility of a negative spiral or ' financial decelerator ' remains a possibility , " he warned .
The IMF 's downbeat analysis creates a gloomy backdrop for policymakers arriving in Washington to discuss ways of easing the credit squeeze .
Such is the concern about problems in the financial markets that a range of radical options is on the table .
These include greater disclosure of losses on sub - prime assets by banks ; firmer regulation of credit - rating agencies , and - more controversially - plans for taking some of the risky mortgage - backed assets at the heart of the crisis on to government balance sheets .
Alistair Darling , the chancellor , is calling for a detailed plan to be agreed over the weekend .
The IMF backed more comprehensive disclosure by banks .
" We fully support the move towards greater disclosure , " Johnson said .
" We think that marking to market [ rating assets on current market values , not book values ] and continuing to recognise losses is an important part of how the financial system operates . "
The US Federal Reserve has cut US interest rates by a hefty 3 percentage points to 2.25 % since the crisis began , in an attempt to restore confidence and turn the credit taps back on .
The IMF welcomed the Fed 's approach but said it would not be enough to prevent recession .
" Adverse financial conditions are likely to have a continuing negative impact on activity in the United States , notwithstanding the Federal Reserve 's strong response , " it said .
" The United States remains plagued by profound errors in risk management . "
The value of the dollar has plunged to record lows in the past year as the outlook for the US economy has darkened , but the IMF said the greenback still " remains somewhat on the strong side " .
No bounce after the hard landing
Alistair Darling 's forecast that Britain will bounce back from the credit crunch by next year now looks hopelessly optimistic , according to an authoritative assessment by the International Monetary Fund .
Just a month ago , in the budget , the Treasury had pencilled in 2 % GDP growth this year and 2.5 % in 2009 as the economy recovers , but yesterday the Washington - based IMF predicted far weaker growth of 1.6 % both years .
The chancellor has said repeatedly that Britain is " better placed " to weather the storm because of its low unemployment and flexible labour market , but the IMF calculates that the housing market is overvalued by up to 30 % and faces a damaging correction .
" The housing market is going to be a drag on the economy , " said Charles Collyns , a senior IMF economist .
" We do see house prices softening already , and we see potential that the housing correction will continue , with an impact on consumption .
We also see the UK being affected by the tightening of the financial constraints related to the turmoil in the financial markets . "
He added that the knock - on effects of weak growth in the US and the eurozone would also depress growth .
House prices fell 2.5 % last month , Halifax said , and the IMF says the wider economy will be hit hard as overstretched banks repair balance sheets and borrowers face tighter loan conditions and higher interest rates .
In January , when it last updated forecasts , the IMF was expecting expansion of 2.4 % in 2009 , but the longer the credit crunch continues , the more threatened the UK economy has become .
Darling said yesterday that the downgrade was " not surprising " and the economy was " extremely strong " .
Heather Stewart
Cross posted from Next big future by Brian Wang , Lifeboat foundation director of Research
I am presenting disruption events for humans and also for biospheres and planets and where I can correlating them with historical frequency and scale .
There has been previous work on categorizing and classifying extinction events .
There is Bostroms paper and there is also the work by Jamais Cascio and Michael Anissimov on classification and identifying risks ( presented below ) .
A recent article discusses the inevtiable “ end of societies ” ( it refers to civilizations but it seems to be referring more to things like the end of the roman empire , which still ends up later with Italy , Austria Hungary etc… emerging )
The theories around complexity seem me that to be that core developments along connected S curves of technology and societal processes cap out ( around key areas of energy , transportation , governing efficiency , agriculture , production ) and then a society falls back ( soft or hard dark age , reconstitutes and starts back up again ) .
Here is a wider range of disruption .
Which can also be correlated to frequency that they have occurred historically .
High growth drop to Low growth ( short business cycles , every few years )
Recession ( soft or deep )
Every five to fifteen years .
Depressions ( 50−100 years , can be more frequent )
List of recessions for the USA ( includes depressions )
Differences recession / depression
Good rule of thumb for determining the difference between a recession and a depression is to look at the changes in GNP .
A depression is any economic downturn where real GDP declines by more than 10 percent .
A recession is an economic downturn that is less severe .
By this yardstick , the last depression in the United States was from May 1937 to June 1938 , where real GDP declined by 18.2 percent .
Great Depression of the 1930s can be seen as two separate events : an incredibly severe depression lasting from August 1929 to March 1933 where real GDP declined by almost 33 percent , a period of recovery , then another less severe depression of 1937 – 38 .
( Depressions every 50 – 100 years .
Were more frequent in the past ) .
Dark age ( period of societal collapse , soft / light or regular )
I would say the difference between a long recession and a dark age has to do with breakdown of societal order and some level of population decline / dieback , loss of knowledge / education breakdown .
( Once per thousand years . )
I would say that a soft dark age is also something like what China had from the 1400 ’s to 1970 .
Basically a series of really bad societal choices .
Maybe something between depressions and dark age or something that does not categorize as neatly but an underperformance by twenty times versus competing groups .
Perhaps there should be some kind of societal disorder , levels and categories of major society wide screw ups — historic level mistakes .
The Chinese experience I think was triggered by the renunciation of the ocean going fleet , outside ideas and tech , and a lot of other follow on screw ups .
Plagues played a part in weakening the Roman and Han empires .
Societal collapse talk which includes Toynbee analysis .
Toynbee argues that the breakdown of civilizations is not caused by loss of control over the environment , over the human environment , or attacks from outside .
Rather , it comes from the deterioration of the “ Creative Minority , ” which eventually ceases to be creative and degenerates into merely a “ Dominant Minority ” ( who forces the majority to obey without meriting obedience ) .
He argues that creative minorities deteriorate due to a worship of their “ former self , ” by which they become prideful , and fail to adequately address the next challenge they face .
My take is that the Enlightenment would strengthened with a larger creative majority , where everyone has a stake and capability to creatively advance society .
I have an article about who the elite are now .
Many now argue about how dark the dark ages were not as completely bad as commonly believed .
The dark ages is also called the Middle Ages
Population during the middle ages
Between dark age / social collapse and extinction .
There are levels of decimation / devastation .
( use orders of magnitude 90+ % , 99 % , 99.9 % , 99.99 % )
Level 1 decimation = 90 % population loss
Level 2 decimation = 99 % population loss
Level 3 decimation = 99.9 % population loss
Level 9 population loss ( would pretty much be extinction for current human civilization ) .
Only 6 – 7 people left or less which would not be a viable population .
Can be regional or global , some number of species ( for decimation )
Categorizations of Extinctions , end of world categories
Can be regional or global , some number of species ( for extinctions )
== The Mass extinction events have occurred in the past ( to other species .
For each species there can only be one extinction event ) .
Dinosaurs , and many others .
Unfortunately Michael ’s accelerating future blog is having some issues so here is a cached link .
Michael was identifying manmade risks
The Easier - to - Explain Existential Risks ( remember an existential risk
is something that can set humanity way back , not necessarily killing
everyone ) :
1. neoviruses
2. neobacteria
3. cybernetic biota
4. Drexlerian nanoweapons
The hardest to explain is probably # 4 .
My proposal here is that , if
someone has never heard of the concept of existential risk , it ’s
easier to focus on these first four before even daring to mention the
latter ones .
But here they are anyway :
5. runaway self - replicating machines ( “ grey goo ” not recommended
because this is too narrow of a term )
6. destructive takeoff initiated by intelligence - amplified human
7. destructive takeoff initiated by mind upload
8. destructive takeoff initiated by artificial intelligence
Another classification scheme : the eschatological taxonomy by Jamais
Cascio on Open the Future .
His classification scheme has seven
categories , one with two sub-categories .
These are :
0:Regional Catastrophe ( examples : moderate - case global warming ,
minor asteroid impact , local thermonuclear war )
1 : Human Die-Back ( examples : extreme - case global warming ,
moderate asteroid impact , global thermonuclear war )
2 : Civilization Extinction ( examples : worst - case global warming ,
significant asteroid impact , early - era molecular nanotech warfare )
3a : Human Extinction - Engineered ( examples : targeted nano - plague ,
engineered sterility absent radical life extension )
3b : Human Extinction - Natural ( examples : major asteroid impact ,
methane clathrates melt )
4 : Biosphere Extinction ( examples : massive asteroid impact ,
“ iceball Earth ” reemergence , late - era molecular nanotech warfare )
5 : Planetary Extinction ( examples : dwarf - planet - scale asteroid
impact , nearby gamma-ray burst )
X : Planetary Elimination ( example : post - Singularity beings
disassemble planet to make computronium )
A couple of interesting posts about historical threats to civilization and life by Howard Bloom .
Natural climate shifts and from space ( not asteroids but interstellar gases ) .
Humans are not the most successful life , bacteria is the most successful .
Bacteria has survived for 3.85 billion years .
Humans for 100,000 years .
All other kinds of life lasted no more than 160 million years .
[ Other species have only managed to hang in there for anywhere from 1.6 million years to 160 million .
We humans are one of the shortest - lived natural experiments around .
We ’ve been here in one form or another for a paltry two and a half million years . ]
If your numbers are not big enough and you are not diverse enough then something in nature eventually wipes you out .
Following the bacteria survival model could mean using transhumanism as a survival strategy .
Creating more diversity to allow for better survival .
Humans adapted to living under the sea , deep in the earth , in various niches in space , more radiation resistance , non - biological forms etc …
It would also mean spreading into space ( panspermia ) .
Individually using technology we could become very successful at life extension , but it will take more than that for a good plan for human ( civilization , society , species ) long term survival planning .
Other periodic challenges :
142 mass extinctions , 80 glaciations in the last two million years , a planet that may have once been a frozen iceball , and a klatch of global warmings in which the temperature has soared by 18 degrees in ten years or less .
In the last 120,000 years there were 20 interludes in which the temperature of the planet shot up 10 to 18 degrees within a decade .
Until just 10,000 years ago , the Gulf Stream shifted its route every 1,500 years or so .
This would melt mega-islands of ice , put out our coastal cities beneath the surface of the sea , and strip our farmlands of the conditions they need to produce the food that feeds us .
The solar system has a 240 - million - year - long - orbit around the center of our galaxy , an orbit that takes us through interstellar gas clusters called local fluff , interstellar clusters that strip our planet of its protective heliosphere , interstellar clusters that bombard the earth with cosmic radiation and interstellar clusters that trigger giant climate change .
It is the constant sensation of hunger that makes Kamla Devi so angry .
She argues with shopkeepers in New Delhi over prices and quarrels with her husband , a casual labourer , over his wages - about 50 rupees ( 60 p ) a day .
' When I go to the market and see how little I can get for my money , it makes me want to hit the shopkeepers and thrash the government , ' she says .
A few months ago , Kamla - who is 42 - decided she and her husband could no longer afford to eat twice a day .
The couple , who have already sent their two teenage sons to live with more prosperous relatives , now exist on only one daily meal .
At midday Kamla cooks a dozen roti ( a round , flat Indian bread ) with some vegetables fried with onions and spices .
If there are some left , they will eat them at night .
The only other sustenance that the couple have are occasional cups of sugared tea .
' My husband and I would argue every night .
In the end he told me it would n't make his wages grow larger .
Instead we went down to one meal a day to cut costs . '
It is a grim , unsettling story .
Yet it is certainly not an exceptional one .
Across the world , a food crisis is now unfolding with frightening speed .
Hundreds of millions of men and women who , only a few months ago , were able to provide food for their families have found rocketing prices of wheat , rice and cooking oil have left them facing the imminent prospect of starvation .
The spectre of catastrophe now looms over much of the planet .
In less than a year , the price of wheat has risen 130 per cent , soya by 87 per cent and rice by 74 per cent .
According to the UN's Food and Agriculture Organisation , there are only eight to 12 weeks of cereal stocks in the world , while grain supplies are at their lowest since the 1980s .
For the Devi family , and hundreds of millions of others like them , the impact has been calamitous , as Robert Zoellick , the World Bank President , warned at this weekend 's G7 meeting in Washington .
Brandishing a bag of rice , he told startled delegates from the world 's richest nations that the world was now perched at the edge of catastrophe .
' This is not just about meals forgone today , or about increasing social unrest , it is about lost learning potential for children and adults in the future , stunted intellectual and physical growth , ' he said .
Without urgent action to resolve the crisis , he added , the fight against poverty could be set back by seven years .
Not surprisingly , these swiftly rising prices have unleashed serious political unrest in many places .
In Dhaka yesterday 10,000 Bangladeshi textile workers clashed with police .
Dozens were injured , including 20 policemen , in a protest triggered by food costs that was eventually quelled by baton charges and teargas .
In Haiti , demonstrators recently tried to storm the presidential palace after prices of staple foods leaped 50 per cent .
In Egypt , Indonesia , Ivory Coast , Mauritania , Mozambique , Senegal and Cameroon there have been demonstrations , sometimes involving fatalities , as starving , desperate people have taken to the streets .
And in Vietnam the new crime of rice rustling - in which crops are stripped at night from fields by raiders - has led to the banning of all harvesting machines from roads after sunset and to farmers , armed with shotguns , camping around their fields 24 hours a day .
But what are the factors that led to this global unrest ?
What has triggered the price rises that have put the world 's basic foodstuffs out of reach for a rising fraction of its population ?
And what measures must be taken by politicians , world leaders and monetary chiefs to rectify the crisis ?
Not surprisingly , the first two of these questions tend to be the easier ones to answer .
Economists and financiers point to a number of factors that have combined to create the current crisis , a perfect storm in which several apparently unconnected events come together with disastrous effects .
One key issue highlighted at the G7 meeting was the decision by the US government , made several years ago , to give domestic subsidies to its farmers so that they could grow corn that can then be fermented and distilled into ethanol , a biofuel which can be mixed with petrol .
This policy helps limit US dependence on oil imports and also gives support to the nation 's farmers .
However , by taking over land - about 20 million acres so far in the United States - that would otherwise have been used to grow wheat and other food crops , US food production has dropped dramatically .
Prices of wheat , soya and other crops have been pushed up significantly as a result .
Other nations , including Argentina , Canada and some European countries , have adopted similar , but more restrained , biofuel policies .
But without mentioning any countries by name , Zoellick clearly pointed the finger of blame at the US .
Everyone should ' look closely at the effects of the dash for biofuels ' , he said .
' I would hope that countries that , for whatever reason , energy security and others , have emphasised biofuel development will be particularly sensitive to the call to meet the emergency needs for people who may not have enough food to eat . '
This point has also been stressed recently by the UK government 's chief scientific adviser , Professor John Beddington .
' It is very hard to imagine how we can see the world growing enough crops to produce renewable energy and at the same time meet the enormous demand for food , ' he said .
' The supply of food really is n't keeping up . '
For his part , Hank Paulson , the US Treasury Secretary - asked about the impact of US energy policies on food prices on Friday - tried to bat away the question .
' This is a complex area , with a number of causes , ' he told reporters .
The first priority , he added , was to get food supplies to people who need them , before considering the longer - term reasons for the rising prices .
It was not a point shared by the chief of staff in the United Nations trade and development division , Taffere Tesfachew , who flew to London last week ahead of a vital meeting of the leaders of the world 's poorest nations in Accra , the capital of Ghana .
Instead of an agenda designed to achieve economic progress in the developing world , the meeting will instead focus on the pressing issue of food .
Tesfachew said that decades of aid has been skewed to ambitious industrialisation programmes and that the World Bank and others have failed to invest in the agricultural sector .
' We believe these high food prices wo n't disappear in the next two years , so now is the time to redress imbalances in terms of ethanol subsidies , ' he said .
Zoellick was also clear that action was now urgently needed .
' In the US and Europe over the last year we have been focusing on the prices of gasoline at the pumps .
While many worry about filling their tanks , many others around the world are struggling to fill their stomachs .
And it 's getting more and more difficult every day , ' added Zoellick , who made an impassioned plea to the world 's rich nations to provide emergency help , including $ 500 m in extra funding to the UN World Food Programme .
This call was backed by finance ministers from the G24 , who represent the leading developing countries , who also demanded extra cash to help cushion the poor against the shock of rising food prices .
As well as causing hunger and malnutrition , the rising cost of basic foodstuffs risks blowing a hole in the budgets of food - importing countries , many of them in Africa , they argued .
As to the other factors that have combined to trigger the current food crisis , experts also point to the connected issue of climate change .
As the levels of carbon dioxide rise in the atmosphere , meteorologists have warned that weather patterns are becoming increasingly disturbed , causing devastation in many areas .
For several consecutive years , Australia - once a prime grower of wheat - has found its production ruined by drought , for example .
Scarcity , particularly on Asia 's grain markets , has then driven up prices even further .
Some campaigners see climate change as the most pressing challenge facing the world while others now say that biofuels - grown to offset fossil fuel use - is taking food out of the mouths of some of the world 's poorest people .
The net result will be eco-warriers battling with poverty campaigners for the moral high ground .
On top of these issues , there is the growing wealth of China and its 1 billion inhabitants .
Once the possessor of a relatively poor rural economy , China has becoming increasingly industrialised and its middle classes have swelled in numbers .
One impact has been to trigger a doubling in meat consumption , particularly pork .
As the country 's farmers have sought to feed more and more pigs , more and more grain has been bought by them .
However , China has only 7 per cent of the world 's arable land and that figure is shrinking as farmland has been ravaged by pollution and water shortages .
The net result has been to decrease domestic supplies of grain just as demand for it has started to boom .
Again the impact has struck worst in the Third World , with wheat and other grain prices soaring .
And finally there is the issue of vegetable oils .
Soya and palm oils are a major source of calories in Asia .
But flooding in Malaysia and a drought in Indonesia have limited supplies .
In addition , these oils are now being sought as bio - diesel , which is used as a direct substitute for diesel in many countries , including Australia .
The impact has been all too familiar : an alarming drop in supplies for the people of the Third World as prices of this basic commodity have soared .
One such victim is Kamla Devi .
She has already had to abandon dhal , a central , protein - rich dish of lentils that was a key part of her family 's diet for several months .
Now the cooking of fried food - in particular , pooris : hot , puffed , oil - soaked bread - has had to follow suit for the simple reason that cooking oil has become unaffordable .
' It has affected my health , ' she says .
' The rich are becoming richer .
They go to shopping malls and they do n't need to worry .
The problem with prices only matters for the poor people like me .'
· Additional reporting by Amelia Gentleman and Nick Mathiasson
Four key factors behind the spreading fear of starvation across the globe
Growing consumption
Six months ago Zhou Jian closed down his car parts business and launched himself as a pork butcher .
Since then the 26 - year - old businessman 's Shanghai shop has been crowded out - despite a 58 per cent rise in the price of pork in the past year - and his income has trebled .
As China 's emerging middle classes become richer , their consumption of meat has increased by more than 150 per cent per head since 1980 .
In those days , meat was scarce , rationed at around 1 kg per person per month and used sparingly in rice and noodle dishes , stir fried to preserve cooking oil .
Today , the average Chinese consumer eats more than 50kg of meat a year .
To feed the millions of pigs on its farms , China is now importing grain on a huge scale , pushing up its prices worldwide .
Palm oil crisis
The oil palm tree is the most highly efficient producer of vegetable oil , with one acre yielding as much oil as eight acres of soybeans .
Unfortunately , it takes eight years to grow to maturity and demand has outstripped supply .
Vegetable oils provide an important source of calories in the developing world , and their shortage has contributed to the food crisis .
A drought in Indonesia and flooding in Malaysia has also hit the crop .
While farmers and plantation companies hurriedly clear land to replant , it will take time before their efforts bear fruit .
Palm oil prices jumped nearly 70 per cent last year , hitting the poorest families .
When a store in Chongqing in China announced a cooking - oil promotion in November , a stampede left three dead and 31 injured .
Biofuel demand
The rising demand for ethanol , a biofuel that is mixed with petrol to bring down prices at the pump , has transformed the landscape of Iowa .
Today this heartland of the Midwest is America 's cornbelt , with the corn crop stretching as far as the eye can see .
Iowa produces almost half of the entire output of ethanol in the US , with 21 ethanol - producing plants as farmers tear down fences , dig out old soya bean crops , buy up land and plant yet more corn .
It has been likened to a new gold rush .
But none of it is for food .
And as the demand for ethanol increases , yet more farmers will pile in for the great scramble to plant corn - instead of grain .
The effect will be to further worsen world grain shortages .
Global warming
The massive grain storage complex outside Tottenham , New South Wales , today lies virtually empty .
Normally , it would be half - full .
As the second largest exporter of grain after the US , Australia usually expects to harvest around 25 million tonnes a year .
But , because of a five - year drought , thought to have been caused by climate change , it managed just 9.8 million tonnes in 2006 .
Farmers such as George Grieg , who has farmed here for 50 years , have rarely known it to be so bad .
Many have not even recovered the cost of planting and caring for their crops , and are being forced into debt .
With global wheat prices at an all - time high , all they can do is cling on in the hope of a bumper crop next time - if they are lucky .
Food in figures
93,000,000
Acres of corn planted by US farmers last year , up 19 per cent on 2006 .
76 % Amount of US corn used for animal feed .
8kg Amount of grain it takes to produce 1 kg of beef .
20 % Portion of US corn used to produce five billion gallons of ethanol in 2006 - 07 .
50kg Quantity of meat consumed annually by the average Chinese person , up from 20kg in 1985 .
10 % Anticipated share of biofuels used for transport in the EU by 2020 .
$ 500 m The UN World Food Programme 's shortfall this year , in attempting to feed 89 million needy people .
9.2bn
The world 's predicted population by 2050 .
It 's 6.6 bn now .
130 % The rise in the cost of wheat in 12 months .
16 times
The overall food consumption of the world 's richest 20 per cent compared with that of the poorest 20 per cent .
58 % Jump in the price of pork in China in the past year .
$ 900 The cost of one tonne of Thai premier rice , up 30 per cent in a month .
Caroline Davies
