For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Yesterday , the Military Religious Freedom Foundation filed a lawsuit against the Pentagon , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and U.S. Army Major Paul Welborne .
The suit , filed in U.S. District Court in Kansas City , alleges that Army specialist Jeremy Hall , who is currently serving in Iraq , had his First Amendment rights violated last Thanksgiving when he was threatened and otherwise harrassed because he declined to participate in a Thanksgiving prayer ceremony .
According to Hall , who is an atheist , when he refused to join hands with other soldiers and pray , he was told by a staff sergeant ( who first had to ask someone what an atheist was ) that he could not eat Thanksgiving dinner with his peers .
Hall , however , continued to eat his dinner at the table .
According to the complaint , in August , Hall received permission from a military chaplain to organize a group for atheist soldiers , but when the group met , Major Welborne broke it up , and also threatened to charge Hall with violating the Uniform Code of Military Justice .
Hall says that Welborne further threatened him that he would block Hall ’s re-enlistment in the Army if the atheist group continued to meet .
Hall alleges that Welborne disrupted the meeting and confronted those in attendance .
Hall ’s complaint is not unique .
Just last month , the Pentagon ’s Inspector General responded to a complaint by an MRFF that Defense Department officials violated their own regulations by appearing in a video to promote a fundamentalist Christian organization .
A spokesman for the MRFF has indicated that the Hall lawsuit is just the first of many .
There are up to 4.2 m CCTV cameras in Britain
Deputy chief constable of Hampshire Ian Readhead said Britain could become a surveillance society with cameras on every street corner .
He told the BBC's Politics Show that CCTV was being used in small towns and villages where crime rates were low .
Mr Readhead also called for the retention of some DNA evidence and the use of speed cameras to be reviewed .
His force area includes the small town of Stockbridge , where parish councillors have spent £ 10,000 installing CCTV .
Mr Readhead questioned whether the relatively low crime levels justified the expense and intrusion .
' Every street corner ? '
" I 'm really concerned about what happens to the product of these cameras , and what comes next ? " he said .
" If it 's in our villages , are we really moving towards an Orwellian situation where cameras are at every street corner ?
" And I really do n't think that 's the kind of country that I want to live in . "
There are up to 4.2 million CCTV cameras in Britain - about one for every 14 people .
The UK also has the world 's biggest DNA database , with 3.6 million DNA samples on file .
The Best Resources for the Development of Mindset from Cashflow Is Contagious !
PARIS , Nov. 13 — European Commission competition authorities refused today to approve Google ’s $ 3.1 billion purchase of DoubleClick , the Internet advertising company , and ordered an in - depth review amid opposition from rivals , publishers and consumer groups .
The commission , which rules on antitrust issues for the 27 countries in the European Union , said the merger raised competition concerns and required a more thorough review of its impact on the Internet advertising business .
The inquiry is one of very few major business challenges that Google , the world ’s dominant Internet search engine and a star stock market performer , has encountered in its nine - year history .
The company makes the bulk of its money by selling ad space next to search results , while DoubleClick , a privately held company , places banner ads on Web sites and sells analysis of who sees them .
“ We are obviously disappointed , ” Eric E. Schmidt , chief executive of Google , said in a statement .
Saying the company would work with the commission , he added , “ We seek to avoid further delays that might put us at a disadvantage in competing fully against Microsoft , Yahoo , AOL and others whose acquisitions in the highly competitive online advertising market have already been approved . ”
Harlem , beware !
The neighborhood long weary of gentrification may soon have to deal with the likes of Tom Cruise , John Travolta and Kirstie Alley .
The Church of Scientology , known for its celebrity devotees , is making a big push to expand its empire along 125th Street , purchasing three properties there last week , and planning a major recruitment drive in the neighborhood .
The Rev. John Carmichael , president of the church in New York , declined to give details about the purchase , but reports put the total sales price at $ 10.2 million .
Carmichael said the three buildings – 228 through 232 E. 125th St. – will house a main Scientology complex and a community center that will offer literacy programs and drug counseling .
Two of the properties were formerly owned by St. Samuel Church of God in Christ , which moved a block away .
The church will be exempt from property tax in New York City , Carmichael said , and added that the church has no plans to buy any more property on that block or in the neighborhood .
“ It ’s 50,000 square feet in all , ” Carmichael said .
“ It ’s a pretty generous space . ”
Carmichael said the church will also expand its Harlem staff .
While some of those new workers are likely to come from the community , Carmichael said he is more excited about job - training programs that will make Harlemites more employable .
“ It will be available to people of all faiths , ” Carmichael said .
Longtime business owner John Patane is n’t so sure .
His business is being pushed out by the sale , and he said he does not know if he can afford to rent elsewhere in the neighborhood .
“ They ’ve been offering everybody on the block money , ” Patane said .
“ No one should try to change a neighborhood .
Unfortunately , they have a lot of money and you ca n’t stop them . ”
The church has had a presence in Harlem since 2003 , when it began occupying about 5,000 square feet in a building also housing a Bank of America on Third Avenue at East 122nd Street .
In 2003 the church acquired 220 E. 125th St. for $ 3.45 million .
They ’re currently renovating a 33,000 - square - foot church on that property .
The church also has locations on West 46th Street and East 82nd Street in Manhattan .
leonard.greene@nypost.com
Then came Katrina .
The reaction to the storm has put a fine point on Americans ’ risk disorientation .
The single biggest issue in Florida ’s 2006 governor ’s race , for instance , was the price of insurance .
The Republican , Charlie Crist , got himself elected on the strength of his promise to reduce Floridians ’ home - insurance rates by creating a state - subsidized pool of $ 28 billion in catastrophe insurance coverage .
“ Florida took this notion of spreading this risk and turned it on its head , ” says one former state insurance commissioner .
“ They said , ‘ We ’re going to take all this risk ourselves . ’ ” The state sold its citizens catastrophe insurance at roughly one - sixth the market rates , thus encouraging them to live in riskier places than they would if they had to pay what the market charged ( and in the bargain , the state subsidized the well - to - do who live near the beach at the expense of the less - well - to - do who do n’t ) .
But if all the models are correct , $ 28 billion might not cover even one serious storm .
The disaster waiting to happen in Florida grows bigger by the day , but for a man running for governor of Florida , ignoring it is a political no -brainer .
If he ’s lucky — if no big storms hit in his term — he looks like the genius who saved Floridians billions in catastrophic - risk premiums .
If he ’s unlucky , he bankrupts Florida and all hell breaks loose , but he can shake down the federal government to cover some of the losses .
Louisiana ’s politicians are usually quicker than most to seize upon shrewd politics that generate terrible social policy , but in this case they could not afford to .
Louisiana cannot generate and preserve wealth without insurance , and it cannot obtain insurance except at the market price .
But that price remains a mystery .
Billions of dollars in insurance settlements — received by local businesses and homeowners as payouts on their pre-Katrina policies — bloat New Orleans banks and brokerage houses .
The money is n’t moving because the people are paralyzed .
It ’s as if they have been forced to shoot craps without knowing the odds .
Businesses are finding it harder than ever to buy insurance , and homeowners are getting letters from Allstate , State Farm and the others telling them that their long relationship must now come to an end .
“ I ’ve been in the business 45 years , ” says a New Orleans insurance broker named Happy Crusel , “ and I ’ve never seen anything remotely like this . ”
An entire city is now being reshaped by an invisible force : the price of catastrophic risk .
But it ’s the wrong price .
Insurance companies , John Seo says , are charging customers too much — or avoiding their customers altogether — instead of sharing their risk with others , like himself , who would be glad to take it .
New Orleans , as a result , is slower than it otherwise would be to rebuild .
“ The insurance companies are basically running away from society , ” he says .
“ What they need to do is take the risk and kick it up to us . ”
They need to spread it as widely as possible across the investment world and , in the process , minimize the cost of insuring potential losses from catastrophes .
But this , too , is happening .
The people on Wall Street who specialize in cat bonds now view Katrina as the single most important thing that ever happened to their business : overnight it went from a tiny backwater to a $ 14 billion market , and it is now stretching and straining to grow .
In March of this year , a single insurer , Allstate , announced its intention to sell $ 4 billion in catastrophe bonds .
A $ 14 billion market is a trivial sum next to the half - trillion or so dollars that the insurance industry stands to lose from megacatastrophes and next to the additional trillions of dollars worth of property that has gone uninsured in the places most likely to be destroyed by nature , like California , because the insurance is so expensive .
But there are all around John Seo signs of a shift in the culture of catastrophe .
“ It has all the features of providential action , ” he says .
“ It ’s like all the actions of man and nature serve to grow the cat - bond market . ”
When Katrina struck and his Kamp Re bonds collapsed — from $ 100 to 0 — Seo was able to view his loss with detachment .
The models had badly underestimated the risk , but it was in the nature of extreme risk that the prediction of it would sometimes be mistaken .
“ The important thing is that the money was n’t lost in an unearned manner , ” he says , by which he means that it was n’t lost dishonestly or even unwisely or in what his community of investors would consider a professionally unacceptable manner .
Investors will endure losses as long as they come in the context of a game they perceive as basically fair , which is why they do n’t abandon the stock market after a crash .
“ That ’s all I need to know , ” Seo says .
“ That ’s all my clients need to know . ”
Actually , he goes even further : “ I would be embarrassed if we had a big event and our loss was n’t commensurate with it .
It would mean that we did n’t serve society .
We failed society . ”
Seo ’s returns in 2005 were only slightly positive , compared with the roughly 10 to 12 percent he had been delivering , but the demand for his services boomed .
He now controls $ 2 billion , or more than twice what he had before the most costly natural disaster in history .
Big investors were n’t scared off by Katrina .
Just the reverse .
It has led many of them to turn to Seo and others like him to make money from catastrophe .
And they probably will .
But what interests
Seo more is what might happen in the bargain , that the financial consequences of catastrophe will be turned into something they have never been : boringly normal .
Russian - based cracking " password recovery " company Elcomsoft has n't really been in the news since 2003 , when Adobe helped make " Free Dmitry " the new " Free Kevin " by having one of the company 's programmers , Dmitry Sklyarov , arrested for cracking its eBook Reader software .
But Elcomsoft has remedied the lack of press attention this week with its announcement that it has pressed the GPU into the service of password cracking .
With NVIDIA and AMD / ATI working overtime to raise the GPU 's profile as a math coprocessor for computationally intensive , data - parallel computing problems , it was inevitable that someone would make an announcement that they had succeeded in using the GPU to speed up the password - cracking process .
Notice that I said " make an announcement , " because I 'm sure various government entities domestic and foreign have been working on this from the moment AMD made its " close - to - metal " ( CTM ) package available for download .
The Elcomsoft guys did n't use CTM , though .
They opted to go with NVIDIA 's higher - level CUDA interface , a move that no doubt cut their development time significantly .
Elcomsoft's new password cracker attacks the NTLM hashing that Windows uses with a brute force method .
The company claims that its GPU - powered attack speeds up the time it takes to crack a Vista password from two months to a little over three days .
Elcomsoft claims that they 've filed for a US patent on this approach , but it 's not clear what exactly they 're attempting to patent .
A search of the USPTO 's patent database turned up nothing , but that could be because the patent has n't made it into the database yet .
Ultimately , using GPUs to crack passwords is kid's stuff .
The world 's best password cracker is probably the Storm Worm , assuming that its owners are using it for this .
As many as ten million networked Windows boxes — now that 's parallelism .
On a clear spring afternoon in Berlin , Bill and Chelsea Clinton rode to the World Cup final in the front seats of a bus .
The Olympic Stadium — a severe Greco - Roman construction with Fascist flourishes and corporate logos — was built for the 1936 Games and still looks very much as it did seventy years ago , when Jesse Owens outran the racial theories of his host .
But the World Cup tournament had been a surpassingly apolitical event , and now , in the fields and parking lots surrounding the stadium , cheerful venders sold lager and wurst at non -rip - off prices .
There were no drunks , no thugs , no skinhead invective .
Although the Germans had been eliminated by the Italians in a brutal semifinal , the city was in a mood of lighthearted self - satisfaction .
The souvenir stores sold German history as kitsch : one popular postcard was a picture of Erich Honecker over his declaration “ Die Mauer bleibt noch 100 Jahre ” ( “ The Wall will endure for a hundred years ” ) .
Clinton left office angry , exhausted , and broke : “ I identify with people who get beat up . ” Photograph by Mary Ellen Mark
As the bus pulled up to the stadium , a few people stopped to greet the ex-President and his daughter , but most hustled to the gates in orderly streams .
Clinton , though he may be less schooled in “ the beautiful game ” than in the fortunes of the Arkansas Razorbacks , said , “ I ’m totally psyched for this . ”
The Clintons took their seats in the “ statesmen ’s section , ” at midfield .
While Clinton ’s statesmanship has been strictly freelance for the past six years , he was not far from the German Chancellor , Angela Merkel , and he spent time during the game , and during the breaks , chatting with old friends — the schmoozer in excelsis .
He was in the midst of a long trip typical of his increasingly manic and global post - Presidency .
He started out from his house in the New York suburb of Chappaqua , campaigned for a local Democrat in Indianapolis , gave a public interview at the Aspen Ideas Festival , gave a speech in Los Angeles , returned to Aspen , and then , flying on the private jet of one of his many wealthy friends , landed in Berlin .
Immediately after the game , he was scheduled to fly to Cape Town , for the start of a seven - country tour of Africa , where he would look in on the H.I.V. - AIDS programs that the William J. Clinton Foundation , his base for good works , had established in the previous few years .
Upon arriving in Berlin , Clinton had felt the need for some improvised pre-game affection , and so he directed the bus , which carried him and a travelling party of aides , donors , a doctor , Secret Service agents , and volunteer advance workers , to the Brandenburg Gate , where more than half a million ticketless enthusiasts had gathered to watch the match on a set of huge television screens .
The bus pulled up behind a stage that had been erected under the gate .
Clinton climbed down from the bus and took in the mass of people .
“ Damn , that ’s some crowd ! ” he said .
A rock band performing onstage got the signal from the wings to wind up a song , and Clinton , white - haired , trim , and wearing the dark suit and radiant tie of high office , strode out to the microphone and began to wave .
The crowd did n’t immediately know who it was —
Is that .
. . ?
What is he doing here ?— but as people began to recognize him on the big screens , with the familiar smile and the ingratiating squint , they started to cheer , louder and louder .
It was impossible not to wonder what the reception would have been for George W. Bush — here or just about anywhere else in the world — and it is this implicit comparison that accounts for the remarkable popularity of Bill Clinton .
“ I ’m honored to be here , and thank you to Germany , ” he said , lolling in the warm bath of cheers .
Clinton did n’t really have much more to say , and he knew that the crowd was not in the mood for a speech .
It was enough to present himself and feel the love .
He was beaming ; his color rose to the high blush of a peach .
And the memories !
As he left the stage , he paused under the gate and pointed .
“ In 1994 , Helmut Kohl and I stood on a stage here , ” Clinton told me over the roar .
“ That day , there were a hundred thousand people — but nothing like this .
This is great .
When I was President . . . ”
The band started a strangely Teutonic version of “ Bohemian Rhapsody ” —
Is this the real life ?
Is this just fantasy ? — drowning him out for a moment .
Clinton shouted louder , the better to provide a lesson in the history of the Brandenburg Gate : “ You ’ve got the French versus the Germans , the Franco - Prussian War of 1871 , World War One , World War Two . . . ”
“ What ? ”
“ I said , these are the original gates , but they were restored ! ” he said , pointing to the yellow mortar .
“ They went about covering the bullet marks .
They did n’t want Germany to be defined just by violence .
A hundred years from now , the restoration will blend in completely with the original gate . . . ”
“ What ? ”
The scene reminded him of a trip to Ghana he made in 1998 , when seven hundred thousand people turned out on the streets of Accra to greet him .
Chelsea , who was taking a few days off from her job ( she is a consultant at McKinsey & Company in New York ) , stood off to the side , her hands clasped in front of her , watching her father work ; she seemed patient , sweetly indulgent and knowing .
She had waited for her father before .
“ I was the first President to speak on the east side of the gate , ” Clinton went on .
Then he shook some more hands and posed for pictures with a row of cheerleaders holding glittery pom-poms .
Jay Carson , a diligent young Georgian who works as Clinton ’s communications director , started to interject the kind of polite “ Ahem ”s and “ Thank you ”s and nods that lesser politicians know to take as signals to wrap things up .
Clinton wraps things up in his own time .
We made it to the game with a few minutes to spare .
The battle between the Italian azzurri and the French bleus was an epic that ended in a crime , although the crucial moment was lost on nearly everyone in the stadium .
It came ( as we learned later ) when the referee red-carded the venerable French midfielder Zinedine Zidane for head - butting a rival who , he claimed , had impugned the honor of his mother and his sister .
As Zidane was banished from the Elysian fields , the jeering , unknowing crowd went almost completely over to the Gallic side ; but , in the end , the Italians , emboldened by Zidane ’s absence , won the game — and the Cup — on penalty kicks .
About an hour later , Clinton was on the plane .
He ’d changed out of his suit and into a pair of black jeans and a lemon - yellow polo shirt .
“ Pretty good game , huh ? ” he said , striding down the aisle of the plane , the inevitable Diet Coke clutched in his spookily large fist .
( Hillary has written that she was immediately attracted to Clinton ’s hands —
“ His wrists are narrow and elegant and his long fingers deft , like those of a pianist or a surgeon .
When we first met in law school , I loved just watching him turn the pages of a book . ” )
One of Clinton ’s aides , an efficient young man named Justin Cooper , who carries the bags and makes sure that every detail is in order , interrupted and handed him a cell phone .
“ Hillary ! ” Clinton shouted into the phone .
He started walking to the rear of the plane .
“ Hillary , did you see that ? ”
When he came back , he was wearing a pair of gold - rimmed half - glasses and was chewing on an unlit cigar .
Some on the plane were starting to get calls about Zidane .
“ Hillary told me all about it , ” Clinton said .
“ I ca n’t imagine what he must have been thinking . ”
Clinton was instantly forgiving of Zidane and wondered what would become of him .
He recalled Gao Hong , the goalie for the Chinese women ’s team , who , in the 1999 World Cup final , gave up the decisive penalty kick to Brandi Chastain , of the American team .
Gao had played brilliantly until that point , but , like Zidane , she had to return home and endure the consequences of her defeat .
“ Do you think we ’ll ever regret having two plants and a bowl of pebbles instead of kids ? ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
“ I identify with people who get beat up , ” Clinton said .
“ I remember that game like it was yesterday . ”
The plane was divided into three compartments .
The Secret Service contingent and a few staffers were in front , press were in the middle , and Clinton and his aides in back .
Through the open door , I could see him doing three or four things at once : telling old war stories , eating a yogurt parfait , drinking coffee , glancing at a stack of Xeroxed press clippings , playing cards .
This was around one in the morning .
The day had begun in Colorado ; we were now somewhere over Algeria , headed for a refuelling stop in N’djamena , Chad .
Since Clinton would eventually exhaust the card - playing endurance of his aides , the ever - industrious Carson was preparing a backup cadre : he was giving instruction in how to play Clinton ’s game .
For decades , including the White House years , Clinton ’s game was hearts ( or , when he lacked a posse , solitaire ) , but he dropped it when Steven Spielberg , a longtime Friend of Bill , taught him Oh Hell — a lesser cousin of contract bridge .
Nearly all Clinton ’s younger aides refer to their boss as “ the President , ” but they also “ do ” him .
They do the scratchy high - in - the - throat drawl , the run-on pronouncements studded with arcane facts and statistics ( “ And with every ten per cent of cell - phone penetration G.D.P. goes up point six per cent ” ) , and the trademark exclamations ( “ Is n’t that fascinating ? ” ) .
Newcomers pick it up pretty quickly , and so , as half a dozen of us fumbled through our middle - of - the - night Oh Hell lesson , we were also cracking wise in the voice of the forty - second President of the United States .
At around two - thirty , though , pillows and blankets appeared and lights were dimmed .
Sleep beckoned .
But , just as it did , a familiar voice beckoned from the doorway : “ Hey !
How you guys doin’ ? ”
I saw some of Clinton ’s aides slouched in their seats in the rear of the plane , their eyes shut , their mouths agape like murder victims in a Weegee photograph .
Clinton was carrying a marked - up copy of “ The Party ’s Over : Oil , War , and the Fate of Industrial Societies , ” by Richard Heinberg , on how oil production led to economic modernity and how its depletion will shape the future .
“ Interesting book , Mr. President ? ” someone asked .
Clinton sat down on the arm of the seat and eased his way into a near - soliloquy that lasted two hours .
First , he talked about light bulbs — their history , their physical properties , their contribution to greenhouse gases , the latest developments in bulb technology .
He talked about alternative fuels , ethanol research , the politics of ethanol , the value of tar sands , the near - inevitability of hundred - dollar - a - barrel oil .
He talked about the relative virtues of hybrid vehicles and electric cars and whether Detroit had conspired to kill their development .
He pronounced oil depletion an opportunity : “ But we need to make fixing climate change as politically sexy as putting a man on the moon . ”
And as the “ conversation ” veered into politics Clinton talked about one of his favorite recent books , a study , by Harold Holzer , of Lincoln ’s speech in 1860 at Cooper Union , which launched his campaign for the Republican nomination .
It was Lincoln ’s “ toughness ” at Cooper Union that Clinton seemed to admire most , and which led him to a theme he kept returning to all week : the need for the Democratic Party to “ lean into ” Republican attacks .
He made no secret of his feeling that the Democrats had lost winnable elections in 2000 and in 2004 ; Al Gore and John Kerry were “ a couple of honorable men ” but had been “ tarred ” as men of low character , and their campaigns failed to fight back effectively .
Kerry , after the so - called Swift Boat veterans , with the tacit encouragement of the Republican campaign leadership , started smearing him , “ should have challenged Bush and Cheney to a town - hall debate on their respective Vietnam records .
Bush and Cheney were like me — they did n’t go .
Kerry was a genuine war hero ! ”
In the gloom of the cabin , Clinton jabbed his finger to emphasize his point .
The Kerry campaign was “ like a deer caught in the headlights . ”
We were somewhere above the Sahara , but Clinton ’s mind was fixed on the condition of the Democratic Party in the Age of Bush and on the way the White House , even as Iraq verged on civil war , remained on the rhetorical and ideological offensive .
“ I am sick of Karl Rove ’s bullshit , ” Clinton said .
And yet there was a trace of admiration in the remark , a veteran pol ’s regard for the way his rival had packaged a radical brand of American conservatism as “ compassionate conservatism ” and kept on pushing it long after its sell - by date had passed .
“ Nixon was a Communist compared to this crowd , ” Clinton said .
It was closing in on four in the morning .
Weary heads were drooping .
No matter .
Without mentioning 2008 and the potential presence of his wife in the race for the Presidency , Clinton started talking about John McCain , the presumptive G.O.P. candidate , and he made sure to say how funny and decent he is , and how heroic he was in Vietnam , but soon he was pointing out McCain ’s “ far - right ” bona fides , his being “ right there with Bush ” on preëmptive war and “ loads ” of right - wing domestic policies .
We had started out on light bulbs and , with hardly a question , landed within putting range of the Iowa caucus .
Faced with an estimated 40 percent fall - off in small - donor contributions and aging phone - bank equipment that the RNC said would cost too much to update , Anne Hathaway , the committee 's chief of staff , summoned the solicitations staff last week and told them they were out of work , effective immediately , the fired staffers told The Times .
Ayup .
The Republicans , who have historically always had a larger base of small - dollar donors than the Democrats , have pissed the base off so much lately that those small - dollar donations are finally beginning to dry up .
" Last year , my solicitations totaled $ 164,000 , and this year the way they were running for the first four months , they would total $ 100,000 by the end of 2007 , " said one fired phone bank solicitor who asked not to be identified .
And what is it that is pissing the base off so much that they 're no longer willing to contribute to the Republican Party ?
Why , it 's the scary brown people !!
There has been a sharp decline in contributions from RNC phone solicitations , another fired staffer said , reporting that many former donors flatly refuse to give more money to the national party if Mr. Bush and the Senate Republicans insist on supporting what these angry contributors call " amnesty " for illegal aliens .
" Everyone donor in 50 states we reached has been angry , especially in the last month and a half , and for 99 percent of them immigration is the No. 1 issue , " said the former employee .
Heh .
Time catches up with everyone , it would seem .
The Republican Party had done a fantastic job of keeping the theocons , neocons , paleocons and corporatecons united under a big tent by playing both ends against the middle -- but eventually , that jig had to come to an end , and now we 're seeing it in action with the immigration issue .
Bush and the Republicans are compromising and " granting amnesty " to keep their corporate masters happy , and the base is finally getting around to realizing that they have , in fact , been sold down the river .
And they 've finally stopped parting with their dollars in the hopes that this election cycle will be different .
But far more interesting than the fact that the base is unhappy is what the RNC has decided to do about it .
Now , it 's obvious that the lack of fundraising certainly played a part in the RNC 's decision to ... let me repeat ... fire its entire phonebanking staff .
But just as important , says the RNC , was the fact that the phonebanking equipment itself was antiquated :
" The phone - bank employees were terminated , " RNC spokeswoman Tracey Schmitt wrote by e-mail in response to questions sent by The Times .
" This was not an easy decision .
The first and primary motivating factor was the state of the phone bank technology , which was outdated and difficult to maintain .
The RNC was advised that we would soon need an entire new system to remain viable . "
So , faced with the prospect of needing to modernize its equipment to be able to maintain some contact with its unhappy grassroots base , or just abandoning the base altogether , guess what the RNC chose ?
The latter , of course .
And why not ?
The corporate contributions just keep on rolling in :
The RNC spokeswoman denied that the committee has seen any drop - off in contributions .
" Any assertion that overall donations have gone down is patently false , " Miss Schmitt said .
" We continue to out raise our Democrat counterpart by a substantive amount ( nearly double ) . "
There is no longer any doubt what side the Republican Party has chosen .
They have chosen the corporate cons over the paleocons because the corporate cons have more money .
And some of the quotes over at Freeperland ( I break with tradition by including a link for your convenience and viewing pleasure ) are priceless :
To : de meanr
I ’m one of those former donors that told the solicitor a couple of weeks ago that they would not get another dime from me if that amnesty bill passed .
7 posted on 05/31/2007 2:50:49 PM
PDT by lady lawyer
To : BenLurkin
Fire the messengers , rather than change the program .
There is only one conclusion :
The GOP is dead and waste of time .
9 posted on 05/31/2007 2:51:01 PM
PDT by Diogenesis ( Igitur qui desiderat pacem , praeparet bellum )
To : de meanr
" There has been a sharp decline in contributions from RNC phone solicitations ... "
Good .
Payback is such a bitch ... 8 posted on 05/31/2007 2:50:58 PM
PDT by Czar ( StillFedUptotheTeeth@Washington )
And many , MANY more where that came from .
Popcorn , anyone ?
[ also at Far - Shooting Politics and frontpaged at MyLeftWing ]
As a general rule , I believe that most police officers are brave , respectable , and truly do their best to honor their mission statement : to serve and protect .
As with any organization , there are some bad apples , however .
And what happens when a police officer abuses his or her badge to break the law or harass a citizen ?
If it goes to court and it ’s the citizen ’s word against the police officer ’s , unfortunately , many judges and juries will give the police officer the benefit of the doubt .
As Doug has pointed out in several of his posts , cities are considering adding surveillance cameras on city streets to keep an eye on the citizens .
One man who calls himself Jimmy Justice is turning the tables and is doing some surveillance of his own on police officers and government officials who abuse the power given to them by the public .
As you might expect , some of these government officials do n’t appreciate their bad behavior filmed and later broadcast on the internet for the whole world to see .
Jimmy Justice ’s work has put public pressure on the respective government agencies to investigate these incidents further and take disciplinary action .
In a time where government is taking more and more control over our lives , its refreshing to see that everyday citizens have the will and the technology to serve as a check on government abuse of power .
This first clip is a news story on Jimmy Justice and his mission to police the police .
This second video is Jimmy Justice confronting a police officer who parked in front of a fire hydrant ( if an average citizen were to do the same thing he or she would be ticketed and fined ) .
Notice the contempt this woman and her friend have for the citizens ; it ’s both disturbing and revealing .
WARNING : THIS VIDEO CONTAINS PROFANITY .
IF YOU ARE OFFENDED BY PROFANITY DON ’T WATCH .
WASHINGTON 
While waiting to be confirmed by the White House for a top civilian post at the Air Force last year , Charles Riechers was out of work and wanted a paycheck .
So the Air Force helped arrange a job through an intelligence contractor that required him to do no work for the company , according to documents and interviews .
For two months , Mr. Riechers held the title of senior technical adviser and received about $ 13,400 a month at Commonwealth Research Institute , or CRI , a nonprofit firm in Johnstown , Pa. , according to his résumé .
But during that time he actually worked for Sue Payton , assistant Air Force secretary for acquisition , on projects that had nothing to do with CRI , he said .
Mr. Riechers said in an interview that his interactions with Commonwealth Research were limited largely to a Christmas party , where he said he met company officials for the first time .
" I really did n't do anything for CRI , " said Mr. Riechers , now principal deputy assistant secretary for acquisition .
" I got a paycheck from them . "
Mr. Riechers's job highlights the Pentagon 's ties with CRI and its corporate parent , which has in recent years received hundreds of millions of dollars in grants and contracts from the military , and more than $ 100 million in earmarks from lawmakers .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
In the U.S. , violent crime rates are consistently higher in the South than in any other part of the country .
It ’s just a fact .
When one tries to figure out why this might be occurring , a few thoughts come to mind .
Perhaps the South has a more violent culture and enjoy their guns more .
Maybe the South has better reason to be vigilant .
Or they could just still be bitter after the US Civil War .
There is one school of thought that does not buy any of these explanations .
Instead , it points towards a much simpler idea – the South is warmer than the rest of the country .
Could it be that hot weather can lead people to anger easily , become violent quickly , and more readily kill each other ?
Supporters of the heat hypothesis think so .
The heat hypothesis is a simple yet powerful idea : the more uncomfortably hot the temperature , the more likely people become aggressive .
There ’s a bit more to the heat hypothesis than that .
It ’s not simply aggressive behavior that is increased , but affective aggressive behavior .
Affective aggression is the sort that happens in the heat of the moment , so to speak .
The primary result of affective aggression is to harm another person ; other goals are secondary .
For example , harming someone during a bank robbery would not be affective aggression , whereas getting into a bar room brawl after discovering a lying , dirty , cheating bastard would .
Getting back to the South , there were some pretty hot results from studies done on the temperature vs. crime rates .
Initial studies between the North and South showed a positive correlation between heat and violent crime rates .
Of course , there could be many other factors contributing to this effect , such as the inherent differences between cities and cultures of the two areas .
Further studies were conducted not between geographic locations but over time .
By studying the same cities over a few year time span , researchers were able to account for most outside factors that may come into play from geographic location .
These studies show a positive correlation between violent crimes and unpleasant temperatures .
While controlling as many other factors as possible , the heat hypothesis does seem to show that violent crime rates increase with the heat .
However , this is not to say that scorching weather causes all types of crime to occur more often .
There was little or no correlation found between heat and occurrences of rape , robbery , or property crime .
Since violence is ( typically ) not the primary goal of these crimes , the weather had little effect on them .
Besides , it ’s just bad form to slap around someone from whose house you ’re already stealing .
There have been some smaller scale studies run as well .
Laboratory tests seem to support these results , depending on the care taken in the study ( some studies were not that effective since participants suspected something due to kerosene lamps being in the room ) .
In one particularly amusing field study , an experimenter purposely stopped his car in front of green lights on days of varying temperature and recorded the number of honks he received .
Besides showing that psychologists will be jerks to further their studies , this particular experiment further supported the heat hypothesis – the hotter the day , the more honks he received .
However , this readiness of horn use was decreased if the car had air conditioning .
Download Download ( h/t Bill W. )
You gotta know that any segment on Creationism ( aka Intelligent Design ) with Bill O'Reilly that starts off this way is going to be just a load of dreck but incredibly funny :
In the " Unresolved Problems " segment tonight , how did life on Earth begin ?
Religious people believe a higher power created the universe .
Secular Progressives say all kinds of things , but God is not in the equation .
And some believe that those who subscribe to Intelligent Design - that is a deity created life - are being persecuted in America .
Billo brings on Ben Stein to discuss his new movie , Expelled : No Intelligence Allowed , and how unfair it is that these mean , close - minded , atheist Darwinists do n't want Creationism to be considered on par with other " scientific " theories .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Brain scans showing how cannabis affects brain function may help explain why heavy consumption of the drug triggers psychosis and schizophrenia in a small number of people , scientists said on Monday .
An unidentified man rolls a marijuana joint in a cafe in Rotterdam Jun 20 , 2005 .
Brain scans showing how cannabis affects brain function may help explain why heavy consumption of the drug triggers psychosis and schizophrenia in a small number of people , scientists said on Monday .
REUTERS / Jerry Lampen JFL/KY
Psychiatrists are increasingly concerned about the mental health impact of smoking large amounts of modern super - strength marijuana , or skunk , particularly among young people .
Until now , the mechanism by which cannabis works on the brain has been a mystery but modern scanning techniques mean experts can now detect its impact on brain activity .
Professor Philip McGuire and Zerrin Atakan of London ’s Institute of Psychiatry said their work using magnetic resonance imaging , or MRI , showed patients given the active cannabis compound tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) had reduced function in the inferior frontal cortex brain region .
This area is associated with controlling inappropriate emotional and behavioural responses to situations .
“ What THC seems to be doing is switching off that part of the brain , and that was associated with how paranoid people became , ” McGuire told reporters .
Their research will be presented at a two - day International Cannabis and Mental Health Conference at the Institute of Psychiatry this week .
Similar findings from other teams also highlight the link between THC dose and the risk of schizophrenia - like symptoms , conference organiser Professor Robin Murray said .
“ It ’s no longer a contentious issue .
The expert community , by and large , accepts that cannabis contributes to the onset of psychotic symptoms in general and the severe form of psychosis , schizophrenia , ” he said .
DOUBLE -STRENGTH JOINTS
One reason for the growing problem is thought to be the increasing strength of modern strains of cannabis , which are cultivated to produce the maximum amount of THC .
In recent years , the average THC content of marijuana sold in Britain has doubled to 12 percent from around 6 percent , while in the Netherlands it is about 18 percent , Murray said .
Most users of cannabis still do not have a problem with the drug but a minority , possibly because of genetic factors , are vulnerable to long - term damage from modern skunk -- which Murray says is to old - fashioned dope what whisky is to lager .
The rise in THC content is linked with a decline in another active ingredient called cannabidiol ( CBD ) , since the two products compete biochemically inside the cannabis plant .
CBD , which reduces anxiety but does not produce the euphoric high of THC , may help offset some of the paranoid feelings .
Markus Leweke of Cologne University said a clinical trial involving 42 patients showed CBD was as effective as the established medicine amisulpride , sold as Solian by Sanofi - Aventis , in treating patients with psychosis .
“ It seems there are good guys and bad guys within cannabis , ” Leweke said .
The WFP says hunger is the world 's number one emergency
The game , FreeRice , tests the vocabulary of participants .
For each click on a correct answer , the website donates money to buy 10 grains of rice .
Companies advertising on the website provide the money to the WFP to buy and distribute the rice .
FreeRice went online in early October and has now raised 1bn grains of rice .
That is enough rice to feed 50,000 people for one day , the WFP said on Friday .
' Viral marketing '
The head of the WFP , Josette Sheeran , said : " FreeRice really hits home how the web can be harnessed to raise awareness and funds for he world 's number one emergency . "
She said word of the game has spread with the help of internet bloggers and websites like Facebook and YouTube .
" The site is a viral marketing success story . "
FreeRice is the invention of US online fundraising pioneer John Breen .
Just before 5 p.m. , the police received a call that someone was sprinkling powder on the ground .
The store was evacuated and remained closed the rest of the day .
The incident prompted a massive response from the New Haven police and authorities from surrounding towns .
Dr. Salchow was at home waiting for the others who took part in the four - mile run to arrive for an after - party when his wife called to say there was a problem .
He biked to Ikea and tried to explain to the police that the powder was just flour .
The club ’s tactics have caused problems elsewhere .
In 2002 , a trail of flour caused a mall in Fayetteville , N.C. , to be evacuated for two hours .
A few months earlier , two runners in Oxford , Miss. , were arrested after using piles of white powder to mark a route through a downtown square .
Dr. Salchow said that after the 9/11 attacks , club members started using chalk to mark courses .
But as fears eased , they went back to flour because it is biodegradable .
He said they would start using chalk again or find somewhere else to run .
Jessica Mayorga , a spokeswoman for Mayor John DeStefano Jr. , said the city planned to seek restitution from the Salchows , and will meet Monday to decide how much .
Ms. Mayorga said they should not have used the flour if they knew it had caused scares in the past .
“ You see powder connected by arrows and chalk , you never know , ” she said .
Looks like Facebook might be adding in " voting " options for their news feeds .
There are a couple of options that may be added into news feeds around this voting feature , which will let you say whether or not you like certain activity going on in your feeds .
For instance , " vote now " text could show up for a news feed that 's showing how many of your friends are fans of a particular facebook app .
If you like it , you can indicate just how you feel by voting .
Tiny plus and minus links at the end of your feed let you indicate your preference .
I can see how this would be useful for Facebook , and especially useful for ads that may appear in your feeds in the future .
Even if advertisers do n't want to have these voting options on their ads , they could prove to offer a decent bellwether on how effective ads are .
But there 's more to Facebook than news feeds .
And I fear that the more options and activity that 's piled onto newsfeeds , the more task - oriented they become .
And that 's less fun .
Can we count on Facebook users to vote on a good portion of their news feeds ?
There are tons of people that do n't know all the options and functionality available to them regarding Facebook news feeds , privacy and beyond .
And allowing for voting preferences on every item that shows up in a news feed nearly devalues the option in the first place , because there 's a lot of stuff that shows up in news feeds that does n't necessarily need to be voted on .
If you change your profile picture , I 'm not going to vote on it .
Sorry .
Making news feeds more task - oriented is one way of attempting to get users to focus more in the news feeds , and yes , that could be great market research .
So if Facebook does roll out the voting options on the larger scale , I 'm sure it will be worth it to some extent , for the data gathered from users that take advantage of the new option .
If news feed ads get involved , then it will get interesting .
[ via valleywag ]
AS a former Justice Department official , I have been inundated lately with questions from friends , family and acquaintances about Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
Should he stay or should he go ?
To some extent , I think that ’s the wrong question .
As for the current matter , involving the dismissal of several United States attorneys , the fact is that the president is entitled to fire the people in those jobs without cause .
As far as we know , no crime has been committed .
Mr. Gonzales is being accused not of criminal conduct but of ineptitude .
But the issue raised by this highly unfortunate set of circumstances transcends the question of the present attorney general ’s tenure .
There is no doubt that the confidence of the American public in the ability of the department to administer justice evenhandedly has been badly shaken , and the morale at the department has been significantly eroded .
Why ?
Because the overall perception , right or wrong , is that the department is highly political and that when Mr. Gonzales left his job at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue to become attorney general at 10th and Constitution , he did not appreciate that he had truly changed jobs .
Whatever happens to Mr. Gonzales , the taint will remain .
That ’s why the only real solution is to depoliticize the Justice Department , to do away with the appearance of anyone playing politics there .
If this trainer helps you , please purchase our apps to support our site .
SAN FRANCISCO , Oct. 17  Apple is opening up the iPhone  at least partly .
After engendering frustration from some customers and software makers , Apple has changed its policy to encourage independent developers to build programs for use on the iPhone .
Apple said that in February it would make available a developer ’s kit , which would allow independent software makers to more easily create mobile games , navigation systems , screen - shot capture programs and other tools .
Several weeks ago , Apple released an over - the - air update to the iPhone that erased programs made by independent developers and caused some phones to freeze up .
The company is not changing a policy that forbids users from unlocking the iPhone to use it with carriers other than AT&T , Apple said .
( CNN ) -- Iran wants " peace and friendship for all , " the country 's president said Wednesday while again denying Western assertions his nation is pursuing nuclear weapons and trying to destabilize Iraq .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks at the Natanz nuclear facility in April .
But Mahmoud Ahmadinejad took a hard line against Israel , calling it " an invader " and saying it " cannot continue its life . "
Asked if Iran had launched a proxy war in Iraq -- something the U.S. ambassador and top military commander there both asserted this week -- Ahmadinejad said the United States is merely seeking a scapegoat for its failing campaign in Iraq .
" Forces have come into Iraq and destroyed the security , and many people are killed , " the Iranian president told Britain 's ITN during an interview in the garden of the Iranian presidential palace in Tehran .
" And there are some claims that may seem very funny and ridiculous .
Those who have lots of weaponry and warfare and thousands of soldiers -- if they are defeated , they blame others .
There is no way to escape for peace . "
Iranians do not believe in war and consider it a " last resort , " he said .
He further claimed that Tehran is a friend of Iraq -- maintaining " good relationships " with the Sunni , Shiite and Kurdish factions -- and " if Iraq is not secure , we are the first country that would be damaged . "
He added , " Responsible people should understand this : that Iran is against any sort of insecurity and attacks , and Iraq is able to defend themselves . "
Watch Ahmadinejad discuss issues affecting his country »
During the interview , Ahmadinejad struck a friendly tone toward Britain , saying he regretted that British soldiers have died in Iraq .
" We are sorry for your soldiers to be killed .
We think peace should exist .
Why should there be an invasion so that people will be killed ? " he asked .
" We want friendship -- friendship to all .
We love all nations and all human beings .
Anyone who is killed , we are against it . "
Ahmadinejad urged the United States and Britain to reconsider the invasion of Iraq .
The two countries should " correct themselves , " he said .
If they do n't , " the defeat would repeat . "
The Islamic republic could help improve conditions in Iraq , but first coalition forces must leave , he said .
" We can help solve many problems in Iraq .
We can help secure Iraq .
We can help the attackers leave Iraq if the American government and British government correct themselves . " he said .
Ahmadinejad has said in the past that Tehran would fill any power vacuum left by a withdrawal of coalition forces in Iraq .
The United States has cited the Iranian president 's remarks as a reason to continue its efforts in Iraq .
As for allegations that Tehran is pursuing a nuclear weapon , Ahmadinejad said he resents the notion that Iran " has to obey whatever was put to us " and asked why there is no similar furor over American and British nuclear programs .
" Our bombs are dangerous , but American bombs are not dangerous ? " he asked .
When the ITN interviewer asked if he could tour the Natanz nuclear facility in Iran , Ahmadinejad chuckled and asked him if he thought the United States or Britain would allow Iran to inspect their nuclear facilities .
" We do not need a bomb .
We are against bombs , actually .
There are many reasons we are against it , " he said .
" From a political point of view , it 's not useful , we think . "
The United Nations Security Council has so far imposed two rounds of limited sanctions against Iran for the country 's refusal to suspend its uranium enrichment program .
Tehran has insisted the program is meant for peaceful energy production .
In regard to Israel , which Ahmadinejad has said should be politically " wiped off the map , " the Iranian president said there is a way to deal with the Jewish state without violence .
Giving as an example the dissolution of the Soviet Union -- which he said came about " without war " -- Ahmadinejad suggested that " everything would be solved " if the Palestinian people were allowed to vote on their fate .
However , his hard - line rhetoric resurfaced when Ahmadinejad said Israel " cannot continue its life . "
" Israel is an invader and is cruel , and it has n't got a united public .
All other nations are against it , " he said .
" We do not recognize them .
They are attackers and illegal . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Mahmoud Ahmadinejad • Iran • Israel
An economist explains the analogy : one of the best things I 've read on the subject .
Money quote :
Economics professors have a standard game they use to demonstrate how apparently rational decisions can create a disastrous result .
They call it a " dollar auction . "
The rules are simple .
The professor offers a dollar for sale to the highest bidder , with only one wrinkle : the second - highest bidder has to pay up on their losing bid as well .
Several students almost always get sucked in .
The first bids a penny , looking to make 99 cents .
The second bids 2 cents , the third 3 cents , and so on , each feeling they have a chance at something good on the cheap .
The early stages are fun , and the bidders wonder what possessed the professor to be willing to lose some money .
The problem surfaces when the bidders get up close to a dollar .
After 99 cents the last vestige of profitability disappears , but the bidding continues between the two highest players .
They now realize that they stand to lose no matter what , but that they can still buffer their losses by winning the dollar .
They just have to outlast the other player .
Following this strategy , the two hapless students usually run the bid up several dollars , turning the apparent shot at easy money into a ghastly battle of spiraling disaster .
Theoretically , there is no stable outcome once the dynamic gets going .
The only clear limit is the exhaustion of one of the player 's total funds .
In the classroom , the auction generally ends with the grudging decision of one player to " irrationally " accept the larger loss and get out of the terrible spiral .
Economists call the dollar auction pattern an irrational escalation of commitment .
We might also call it the war in Iraq .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Thousands of Australians could be disenfranchised at the looming federal election because of changes to the law .
At previous elections eligible voters had seven days to ensure they were correctly enrolled , from the time the Governor - General issued the election writs .
But the federal Electoral Act has been changed and the rolls will now close at 8 pm on the day the writs are issued .
The Government has been criticised for making it more difficult for first - time voters to enrol .
Many of these first - time voters are those most affected by the Government 's controversial WorkChoices legislation .
But those already on the roll have a slightly longer period of grace - three days from the issue of the writs - to ensure their details are correct .
Spokesman for the Australian Electoral Commission ( AEC ) Phil Diak told AM in 2004 there were 423,000 ' enrolment transactions ' processed by the AEC between the issuing of the writs and the old deadline for the rolls to close .
" Of that there were 78,000 new enrolments and an identical number of re-enrolments - people getting back on the roll - and the balance was people changing their address details , " he said .
The commission has tried to minimise the number of people who will miss out on being enrolled because of the shorter time periods before the rolls are closed .
" The AEC can't foretell what will happen , " he said .
" What I can say is that we 've been running a fairly substantial advertising promotional campaign , as well as operational initiatives such as doorknocks - up to a million people have been doorknocked this year - and that 's been aimed at communicating the message well before the election , that if you 're not enrolled you do need to get on the roll and / or update your details .
" So what has happened this year is that there 's been around 375,000 enrolments since the 1st of January , up to this point of time , and that is a greater figure than enrolled in the last election year , 2004 , from the 1st of January up to when the writs for the election were issued . "
Prime Minister John Howard could make the drive to Government House any day now .
But the Governor - General does not issue the writs immediately .
" Over the past 20 years it 's been between one or four days after announcement , " Mr Diak said .
" So for anyone that 's not enrolled at this point in time , or not sure that they 're enrolled , and they can check through our website or calling our hotline , they need to do that straight away and get an enrolment form from a post office , or from our website , and return it to the AEC . "
Even if the Prime Minister called the election on a Sunday , Mr Diak says people could still enrol before the cut - off .
" For people that are not enrolled , should the election be called this weekend , they could download a form from our website and complete it , and enrolment forms do need to be hand - signed , and you could scan it and send it into the AEC that way , " he said .
万搏体育官方app下载-美国疫情救助贷款被“ 圈内人 ” 瓜分？美媒：到底在救济谁
“ 他们设立了疫情救助款，自己却成了最大受益者！”当地时间7月8日，美联社、《华盛顿邮报 》、 “ 政客 ” 新闻网等多家美国媒体曝出，本应用于帮扶小企业的援助贷款流入了国会议员的“ 口袋 ”。还有多家涉事企业与美国总统特朗普、众议院院长佩洛西等政府高层人士紧密关联。
国会议员分羹获利数亿援助金流向特朗普捐助者
美国财政部和小企业管理 局( SBA ) 近日公布了一份获得援助资金的部分企业名单，披露了为小企业提供资金援助的员工薪资保护计划( PPP ) 的贷款情况和资金流向。
美联社当地时间7日报道指出，至少有十名议员和三个国会小组成员，与接受援助贷款的公司有关联，这其中包括美国国会众议院议长佩洛西、参议院多数党领袖麦康奈尔等。
此外，美国总统特朗普似乎也从政府的项目中受益，至少是间接受益。
美国小企业管理 局( Small Business Administration ) 公布的数据显示，特朗普的代理律师事务所正是受援助的企业之一。
另据美国消费者新闻与商业频 道( CNBC ) 报道，很多为特朗普参加2016年总统大选、总统就职典礼和2020年竞选连任提供资金支持的公司，都在名单上面。根据美联社对联邦数据的分析，曾经在2016年为特朗普提供竞选经费的捐助者所拥有或经营的100多家公司获得了多达2.73亿美元的援助贷款。
“ 政客 ” 新闻网报道，参与该议案的工作人员称，几乎可以肯定还有更多议员、高官参与其中。但特朗普政府拒绝提供任何细节，具体名单只有美国财政部掌握。
美媒质疑：既当裁判员 又是运动员 ？
受新冠肺炎疫情影响，美国小企业陷入倒闭浪潮，失业人数持续增加。困境之际，与美国政客相关的企业却被曝出获得救助贷款，真正需要获得贷款的小企业具体受助情况却不明晰，这也引发多家美国媒体的关注。
美联社报道称，至少有十几名立法者与接受援助的企业有联系，这凸显了“华盛顿内部人士是如何既是美国历史上最大的政府项目之一的制订者，又是受益者。 ”
“ 这太糟糕了 ！ ” 监督组织的发言人亚伦·舍 伯( Aaron Scherb ) 对美联社表示，国会议员不应该被允许对其个人受益的法案进行投票。同为监督机构“ 共同公民” ( Public Citizen ) 的发起人克雷格·霍尔 曼( Craig Holman ) 也承认，议案制订者不应该被允许从其提案中获得金钱利益。
曾 在2008年金融危机期间监督美国资产救助计划实施的特别监察长尼尔·巴罗夫斯基( Neil Barofsky ) 称，国会议员和政府高官通过议会投票通过议案并以此议案获得利益从技术上讲“ 符合标准” ，但是“ 显然违反了法律精神 ” 。
“ 政客 ” 新闻网指出，把个人经济利益和政治地位混为一谈是危险的，如果议员们通过其可以制订政策的身份来获取经济利益，就构成了利益冲突。比如，参议员凯利·洛弗勒( Kelly Loeffler ) 就曾涉嫌因新冠肺炎听证会后抛售股票而被调查，参议员理查德·伯尔( Richard Burr ) 被迫辞去参议院情报委员会主席一职。
钱都去了哪？只有受益者知道
截至目前，美国财政部公布的企业名单并不完整且部分资金去向不明，这份旨在展示政策透明度的实施细节文件并未获得广泛认可。
美国国家公共电台的一档节目明确表达了质疑，该节目谈到，员工薪资保护计划引发了很多有关“计划究竟对谁有益”的问题。将纳税人的钱用于支撑特定的行业或公司是否真的合理？没有人知道其中是否有任何违法行为，但这已经是一个危险信号了。
美国国家经济研究 局( National Bureau of Economic Research ) 基于疫情暴发早期的数据进行的一项研究也发现，贷款资金的地理分布与受疫情影响最严重的部分企业分布不存在关联。至于钱都去哪了，或许只有那些受益者知道了。
【编辑:田博群】
style= ” white - space : normal ; text - indent : 2em ; ”>美联社报道称，至少有十几名立法者与接受援助的企业有联系，这凸显了“华盛顿内部人士是如何既是美国历史上最大的政府项目之一的制订者，又是受益者。 ”
“ 这太糟糕了 ！ ” 监督组织的发言人亚伦·舍 伯 （Aaron Scherb）对美联社表示，国会议员不应该被允许对其个人受益的法案进行投票。同为监督机构“共同公民”
（Public Citizen）的发起人克雷格·霍尔曼 （Craig Holman）也承认，议案制订者不应该被允许从其提案中获得金钱利益。
曾 在2008年金融危机期间监督美国资产救助计划实施的特别监察长尼尔·巴罗夫斯基（Neil Barofsky）称，国会议员和政府高官通过议会投票通过议案并以此议案获得利益从技术上讲“ 符合标准” ，但是“ 显然违反了法律精神 ” 。
△涉嫌在新冠肺炎听证会后抛售股票的参议员理查德·伯尔（Richard Burr）
“ 政客 ” 新闻网指出，把个人经济利益和政治地位混为一谈是危险的，如果议员们通过其可以制订政策的身份来获取经济利益，就构成了利益冲突。比如，参议员凯利·洛弗勒（Kelly Loeffler）就曾涉嫌因新冠肺炎听证会后抛售股票而被调查，参议员理查德·伯尔（Richard Burr）被迫辞去参议院情报委员会主席一职。
Is there an Artificial God ?
This was originally billed as a debate only because I was a bit anxious coming here .
I did n't think I was going to have time to prepare anything and also , in a room full of such luminaries , I thought ' what could I , as an amateur , possibly have to say ' ?
So I thought I would settle for a debate .
But after having been here for a couple of days , I realised you 're just a bunch of guys !
It 's been rife with ideas and I 've had so many myself through talking with and listening to people that I 'd thought what I 'd do was stand up and have an argument and debate with myself .
I 'll talk for a while and hope sufficiently to provoke and inflame opinion that there 'll be an outburst of chair - throwing at the end .
Before I embark on what I want to try and tackle , may I warn you that things may get a little bit lost from time to time , because there 's a lot of stuff that 's just come in from what we 've been hearing today , so if I occasionally sort of go …
I was telling somebody earlier today that I have a four - year - old daughter and was very , very interested watching her face when she was in her first 2 or 3 weeks of life and suddenly realising what nobody would have realised in previous ages - she was rebooting !
I just want to mention one thing , which is completely meaningless , but I am terribly proud of - I was born in Cambridge in 1952 and my initials are D N A !
The topic I want to introduce to you this evening , the subject of the debate that we are about to sort of not have , is a slightly facetious one ( you 'll be surprised to hear , but we 'll see where we go with it ) - '' Is there an Artificial God ? ' '
I 'm sure most of the people in this room will share the same view , but even as an out - and - out atheist one can't help noticing that the role of a god has had an enormously profound impact on human history over many , many centuries .
It 's very interesting to figure out where this came from and what , in the modern scientific world we sometimes hope against hope that we live in , it actually means .
I was thinking about this earlier today when Larry Yaeger was talking about ' what is life ? ' and mentioned at the end something I did n't know , about a special field of handwriting recognition .
The following strange thought went through my mind : that trying to figure out what is life and what is n't and where the boundary is has an interesting relationship with how you recognise handwriting .
We all know , when presented with any particular entity , whether it's a bit of mould from the fridge or whatever ; we instinctively know when something is an example of life and when it is n't .
But it turns out to be tremendously hard exactly to define it .
I remember once , a long time ago , needing a definition of life for a speech I was giving .
Assuming there was a simple one and looking around the Internet , I was astonished at how diverse the definitions were and how very , very detailed each one had to be in order to include ' this ' but not include ' that ' .
If you think about it , a collection that includes a fruit fly and Richard Dawkins and the Great Barrier Reef is an awkward set of objects to try and compare .
When we try and figure out what the rules are that we are looking for , trying to find a rule that 's self - evidently true , that turns out to be very , very hard .
Compare this with the business of recognising whether something is an A or a B or a C .
It 's a similar kind of process , but it 's also a very , very different process , because you may say of something that you 're ' not quite certain whether it counts as life or not life , it 's kind of there on the edge is n't it , it 's probably a very low example of what you might call life , it 's maybe just about alive or maybe it is n't ' .
Or maybe you might say about something that 's an example of Digital life , ' does that count as being alive ? '
Is it something , to coin someone 's earlier phrase , that 'll go squish if you step on it ?
Think about the controversial Gaia hypothesis ; people say ' is the planet alive ? ' , 'is the ecosphere alive or not ? '
In the end it depends on how you define such things .
Compare that with handwriting recognition .
In the end you are trying to say “ is this an A or is it a B ? ” People write As and Bs in many different ways ; floridly , sloppily or whatever .
It 's no good saying ' well , it 's sort of A - ish but there 's a bit of B in there ' , because you can't write the word ' apple ' with such a thing .
It is either an A or a B .
How do you judge ?
If you 're doing handwriting recognition , what you are trying to do is not to assess the relative degrees of A - ness or B - ness of the letter , but trying to define the intention of the person who wrote it .
It 's very clear in the end - is it an A or a B ? - ah! it's an A , because the person writing it was writing the word apple and that 's clearly what it means .
So , in the end , in the absence of an intentional creator , you cannot say what life is , because it simply depends on what set of definitions you include in your overall definition .
Without a god , life is only a matter of opinion .
I want to pick up on a few other things that came around today .
I was fascinated by Larry ( again ) , talking about tautology , because there 's an argument that I remember being stumped by once , to which I could n't come up with a reply , because I was so puzzled by the challenge and could n't quite figure it out .
A guy said to me , 'yes , but the whole theory of evolution is based on a tautology : that which survives , survives '
This is tautological , therefore it does n't mean anything .
I thought about that for a while and it finally occurred to me that a tautology is something that if it means nothing , not only that no information has gone into it but that no consequence has come out of it .
So , we may have accidentally stumbled upon the ultimate answer ; it 's the only thing , the only force , arguably the most powerful of which we are aware , which requires no other input , no other support from any other place , is self evident , hence tautological , but nevertheless astonishingly powerful in its effects .
It 's hard to find anything that corresponds to that and I therefore put it at the beginning of one of my books .
I reduced it to what I thought were the bare essentials , which are very similar to the ones you came up with earlier , which were “ anything that happens happens , anything that in happening causes something else to happen causes something else to happen and anything that in happening causes itself to happen again , happens again ” .
In fact you do n't even need the second two because they flow from the first one , which is self - evident and there 's nothing else you need to say ; everything else flows from that .
So , I think we have in our grasp here a fundamental , ultimate truth , against which there is no gain - saying .
It was spotted by the guy who said this is a tautology .
Yes , it is , but it 's a unique tautology in that it requires no information to go in but an infinite amount of information comes out of it .
So I think that it is arguably therefore the prime cause of everything in the Universe .
Big claim , but I feel I 'm talking to a sympathetic audience .
Where does the idea of God come from ?
Well , I think we have a very skewed point of view on an awful lot of things , but let 's try and see where our point of view comes from .
Imagine early man .
Early man is , like everything else , an evolved creature and he finds himself in a world that he 's begun to take a little charge of ; he 's begun to be a tool - maker , a changer of his environment with the tools that he 's made and he makes tools , when he does , in order to make changes in his environment .
To give an example of the way man operates compared to other animals , consider speciation , which , as we know , tends to occur when a small group of animals gets separated from the rest of the herd by some geological upheaval , population pressure , food shortage or whatever and finds itself in a new environment with maybe something different going on .
Take a very simple example ; maybe a bunch of animals suddenly finds itself in a place where the weather is rather colder .
We know that in a few generations those genes which favour a thicker coat will have come to the fore and we 'll come and we 'll find that the animals have now got thicker coats .
Early man , who 's a tool maker , does n't have to do this : he can inhabit an extraordinarily wide range of habitats on earth , from tundra to the Gobi Desert - he even manages to live in New York for heaven 's sake - and the reason is that when he arrives in a new environment he does n't have to wait for several generations ; if he arrives in a colder environment and sees an animal that has those genes which favour a thicker coat , he says “ I 'll have it off him ” .
Tools have enabled us to think intentionally , to make things and to do things to create a world that fits us better .
Now imagine an early man surveying his surroundings at the end of a happy day 's tool making .
He looks around and he sees a world which pleases him mightily : behind him are mountains with caves in - mountains are great because you can go and hide in the caves and you are out of the rain and the bears can't get you ; in front of him there 's the forest - it 's got nuts and berries and delicious food ; there 's a stream going by , which is full of water - water 's delicious to drink , you can float your boats in it and do all sorts of stuff with it ; here 's cousin Ug and he 's caught a mammoth - mammoth 's are great , you can eat them , you can wear their coats , you can use their bones to create weapons to catch other mammoths .
I mean this is a great world , it 's fantastic .
But our early man has a moment to reflect and he thinks to himself , ' well , this is an interesting world that I find myself in ' and then he asks himself a very treacherous question , a question which is totally meaningless and fallacious , but only comes about because of the nature of the sort of person he is , the sort of person he has evolved into and the sort of person who has thrived because he thinks this particular way .
Man the maker looks at his world and says ' So who made this then ? '
Who made this ?
- you can see why it 's a treacherous question .
Early man thinks ,
' Well , because there 's only one sort of being I know about who makes things , whoever made all this must therefore be a much bigger , much more powerful and necessarily invisible , one of me and because I tend to be the strong one who does all the stuff , he 's probably male ' .
And so we have the idea of a god .
Then , because when we make things we do it with the intention of doing something with them , early man asks himself , ' If he made it , what did he make it for ? '
Now the real trap springs , because early man is thinking , ' This world fits me very well .
Here are all these things that support me and feed me and look after me ; yes , this world fits me nicely ' and he reaches the inescapable conclusion that whoever made it , made it for him .
This is rather as if you imagine a puddle waking up one morning and thinking , ' This is an interesting world I find myself in - an interesting hole I find myself in - fits me rather neatly , does n't it ?
In fact it fits me staggeringly well , must have been made to have me in it !'
This is such a powerful idea that as the sun rises in the sky and the air heats up and as , gradually , the puddle gets smaller and smaller , it 's still frantically hanging on to the notion that everything 's going to be alright , because this world was meant to have him in it , was built to have him in it ; so the moment he disappears catches him rather by surprise .
I think this may be something we need to be on the watch out for .
We all know that at some point in the future the Universe will come to an end and at some other point , considerably in advance from that but still not immediately pressing , the sun will explode .
We feel there 's plenty of time to worry about that , but on the other hand that 's a very dangerous thing to say .
Look at what 's supposed to be going to happen on the 1st of January 2000 - let 's not pretend that we did n't have a warning that the century was going to end !
I think that we need to take a larger perspective on who we are and what we are doing here if we are going to survive in the long term .
There are some oddities in the perspective with which we see the world .
The fact that we live at the bottom of a deep gravity well , on the surface of a gas covered planet going around a nuclear fireball 90 million miles away and think this to be normal is obviously some indication of how skewed our perspective tends to be , but we have done various things over intellectual history to slowly correct some of our misapprehensions .
Curiously enough , quite a lot of these have come from sand , so let 's talk about the four ages of sand .
From sand we make glass , from glass we make lenses and from lenses we make telescopes .
When the great early astronomers , Copernicus , Gallileo and others turned their telescopes on the heavens and discovered that the Universe was an astonishingly different place than we expected and that , far from the world being most of the Universe , with just a few little bright lights going around it , it turned out - and this took a long , long , long time to sink in - that it is just one tiny little speck going round a little nuclear fireball , which is one of millions and millions and millions that make up this particular galaxy and our galaxy is one of millions or billions that make up the Universe and that then we are also faced with the possibility that there may be billions of universes , that applied a little bit of a corrective to the perspective that the Universe was ours .
I rather love that notion and , as I was discussing with someone earlier today , there 's a book I thoroughly enjoyed recently by David Deutsch , who is an advocate of the multiple universe view of the Universe , called ' The Fabric of Reality ' , in which he explores the notion of a quantum multiple universe view of the Universe .
This came from the famous wave particle dichotomy about the behaviour of light - that you could n't measure it as a wave when it behaves as a wave , or as a particle when it behaves as a particle .
How does this come to be ?
David Deutsch points out that if you imagine that our Universe is simply one layer and that there is an infinite multiplicity of universes spreading out on either side , not only does it solve the problem , but the problem simply goes away .
This is exactly how you expect light to behave under those circumstances .
Quantum mechanics has claims to be predicated on the notion that the Universe behaves as if there was a multiplicity of universes , but it rather strains our credulity to think that there actually would be .
This goes straight back to Gallileo and the Vatican .
In fact , what the Vatican said to Gallileo was , “ We do n't dispute your readings , we just dispute the explanation you put on them .
It 's all very well for you to say that the planets sort of do that as they go round and it is as if we were a planet and those planets were all going round the sun ; it 's alright to say it 's as if that were happening , but you 're not allowed to say that 's what is happening , because we have a total lockhold on universal truth and also it simply strains our personal credulity ” .
Just so , I think that the idea that there are multiple universes currently strains our credulity but it may well be that it 's simply one more strain that we have to learn to live with , just as we 've had to learn to live with a whole bunch of them in the past .
The other thing that comes out of that vision of the Universe is that it turns out to be composed almost entirely and rather worryingly , of nothing .
Wherever you look there is nothing , with occasional tiny , tiny little specks of rock or light .
But nevertheless , by watching the way these tiny little specks behave in the vast nothingness , we begin to divine certain principles , certain laws , like gravity and so forth .
So that was , if you like , the macroscopic view of the universe , which came from the first age of sand .
The next age of sand is the microscopic one .
We put glass lenses into microscopes and started to look down at the microscopic view of the Universe .
Then we began to understand that when we get down to the sub-atomic level , the solid world we live in also consists , again rather worryingly , of almost nothing and that wherever we do find something it turns out not to be actually something , but only the probability that there may be something there .
One way or another , this is a deeply misleading Universe .
Wherever we look it 's beginning to be extremely alarming and extremely upsetting to our sense of who we are - great , strapping , physical people living in a Universe that exists almost entirely for us - that it just is n't the case .
At this point we are still divining from this all sorts of fundamental principles , recognising the way that gravity works , the way that strong and weak nuclear forces work , recognising the nature of matter , the nature of particles and so on , but having got those fundamentals , we 're still not very good at figuring out how it works , because the maths is really rather tricky .
So , we tend to come up with almost a clockwork view of the way it all works , because that 's the best our maths can manage .
I do n't mean in any way to disparage Newton , because I guess he was the first person who saw that there were principles at work that were different from anything we actually saw around us .
His first law of motion - that something will remain in its position of either rest or motion until some other force works on it - is something that none of us , living in a gravity well , in a gas envelope , had ever seen , because everything we move comes to a halt .
It was only through very , very careful watching and observing and measuring and divining the principles underlying what we could all see happening that he came up with the principles that we all know and recognise as being the laws of motion , but nevertheless it is by modern terms , still a somewhat clockwork view of the Universe .
As I say , I do n't mean that to sound disparaging in any way at all , because his achievements , as we all know , were absolutely monumental , but it still kind of does n't make sense to us .
Now there are all sorts of entities we are also aware of , as well as particles , forces , tables , chairs , rocks and so on , that are almost invisible to science ; almost invisible , because science has almost nothing to say about them whatsoever .
I 'm talking about dogs and cats and cows and each other .
We living things are , so far , beyond the purview of anything science can actually say , almost beyond even recognising ourselves as things that science might be expected to have something to say about .
I can imagine Newton sitting down and working out his laws of motion and figuring out the way the Universe works and with him , a cat wandering around .
The reason we had no idea how cats worked was because , since Newton , we had proceeded by the very simple principle that essentially , to see how things work , we took them apart .
If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works , the first thing you have in your hands is a non-working cat .
Life is a level of complexity that almost lies outside our vision ; is so far beyond anything we have any means of understanding that we just think of it as a different class of object , a different class of matter ; ' life ' , something that had a mysterious essence about it , was god given - and that 's the only explanation we had .
The bombshell comes in 1859 when Darwin publishes ' On the Origin of Species ' .
It takes a long time before we really get to grips with this and begin to understand it , because not only does it seem incredible and thoroughly demeaning to us , but it 's yet another shock to our system to discover that not only are we not the centre of the Universe and we 're not made of anything , but we started out as some kind of slime and got to where we are via being a monkey .
It just does n't read well .
But also , we have no opportunity to see this stuff at work .
In a sense Darwin was like Newton , in that he was the first person to see underlying principles , that really were not at all obvious , from the everyday world in which he lived .
We had to think very hard to understand the nature of what was happening around us and we had no clear , obvious everyday examples of evolution to point to .
Even today that persists as a slightly tricky problem if you 're trying to persuade somebody who does n't believe in all this evolution stuff and wants you to show him an example - they are hard to find in terms of everyday observation .
So we come to the third age of sand .
In the third age of sand we discover something else we can make out of sand - silicon .
We make the silicon chip - and suddenly , what opens up to us is a Universe not of fundamental particles and fundamental forces , but of the things that were missing in that picture that told us how they work ; what the silicon chip revealed to us was the process .
The silicon chip enables us to do mathematics tremendously fast , to model the , as it turns out , very very simple processes that are analogous to life in terms of their simplicity ; iteration , looping , branching , the feedback loop which lies at the heart of everything you do on a computer and at the heart of everything that happens in evolution - that is , the output stage of one generation becomes the input stage of the next .
Suddenly we have a working model , not for a while because early machines are terribly slow and clunky , but gradually we accumulate a working model of this thing that previously we could only guess at or deduce - and you had to be a pretty sharp and a pretty clear thinker even to divine it happening when it was far from obvious and indeed counter - intuitive , particularly to as proud a species as we .
The computer forms a third age of perspective , because suddenly it enables us to see how life works .
Now that is an extraordinarily important point because it becomes self - evident that life , that all forms of complexity , do not flow downwards , they flow upwards and there 's a whole grammar that anybody who is used to using computers is now familiar with , which means that evolution is no longer a particular thing , because anybody who 's ever looked at the way a computer program works , knows that very , very simple iterative pieces of code , each line of which is tremendously straightforward , give rise to enormously complex phenomena in a computer - and by enormously complex phenomena , I mean a word processing program just as much as I mean Tierra or Creatures .
I can remember the first time I ever read a programming manual , many many years ago .
I 'd first started to encounter computers about 1983 and I wanted to know a little bit more about them , so I decided to learn something about programming .
I bought a C manual and I read through the first two or three chapters , which took me about a week .
At the end it said ' Congratulations , you have now written the letter A on the screen ! '
I thought , ' Well , I must have misunderstood something here , because it was a huge , huge amount of work to do that , so what if I now want to write a B ? '
The process of programming , the speed and the means by which enormous simplicity gives rise to enormously complex results , was not part of my mental grammar at that point .
It is now - and it is increasingly part of all our mental grammars , because we are used to the way computers work .
So , suddenly , evolution ceases to be such a real problem to get hold of .
It 's rather like this : imagine , if you will , the following scenario .
One Tuesday , a person is spotted in a street in London , doing something criminal .
Two detectives are investigating , trying to work out what happened .
One of them is a 20th Century detective and the other , by the marvels of science fiction , is a 19th Century detective .
The problem is this : the person who was clearly seen and identified on the street in London on Tuesday was seen by someone else , an equally reliable witness , on the street in Santa Fe on the same Tuesday - how could that possibly be ?
The 19th Century detective could only think it was by some sort of magical intervention .
Now the 20th Century detective may not be able to say , “ He took BA flight this and then United flight that ” - he may not be able to figure out exactly which way he did it , or by which route he travelled , but it 's not a problem .
It does n't bother him ; he just says , ' He got there by plane .
I do n't know which plane and it may be a little tricky to find out , but there 's no essential mystery . '
We 're used to the idea of jet travel .
We do n't know whether the criminal flew BA 178 , or UA270 , or whatever , but we know roughly how it was done .
I suspect that as we become more and more conversant with the role a computer plays and the way in which the computer models the process of enormously simple elements giving rise to enormously complex results , then the idea of life being an emergent phenomenon will become easier and easier to swallow .
We may never know precisely what steps life took in the very early stages of this planet , but it 's not a mystery .
So what we have arrived at here - and although the first shock wave of this arrival was in 1859 , it 's really the arrival of the computer that demonstrates it unarguably to us - is ' Is there really a Universe that is not designed from the top downwards but from the bottom upwards ?
Can complexity emerge from lower levels of simplicity ? '
It has always struck me as being bizarre that the idea of God as a creator was considered sufficient explanation for the complexity we see around us , because it simply does n't explain where he came from .
If we imagine a designer , that implies a design and that therefore each thing he designs or causes to be designed is a level simpler than him or her , then you have to ask ' What is the level above the designer ? '
There is one peculiar model of the Universe that has turtles all the way down , but here we have gods all the way up .
It really is n't a very good answer , but a bottom - up solution , on the other hand , which rests on the incredibly powerful tautology of anything that happens , happens , clearly gives you a very simple and powerful answer that needs no other explanation whatsoever .
But here 's the interesting thing .
I said I wanted to ask ' Is there an artificial god ? ' and this is where I want to address the question of why the idea of a god is so persuasive .
I 've already explained where I feel this kind of illusion comes from in the first place ; it comes from a falseness in our perspective , because we are not taking into account that we are evolved beings , beings who have evolved into a particular landscape , into a particular environment with a particular set of skills and views of the world that have enabled us to survive and thrive rather successfully .
But there seems to be an even more powerful idea than that , and this is the idea I want to propose , which is that the spot at the top of the pyramid that we previously said was whence everything flowed , may not actually be vacant just because we say the flow does n't go that way .
Let me explain what I mean by this .
We have created in the world in which we live all kinds of things ; we have changed our world in all kinds of ways .
That 's very very clear .
We have built the room we 're in and we 've built all sorts of complex stuff , like computers and so on , but we 've also constructed all kinds of fictitious entities that are enormously powerful .
So do we say , ' That 's a bad idea ; it 's stupid - we should simply get rid of it ? '
Well , here 's another fictitious entity - money .
Money is a completely fictitious entity , but it 's very powerful in our world ; we each have wallets , which have got notes in them , but what can those notes do ?
You can't breed them , you can't stir fry them , you can't live in them , there 's absolutely nothing you can do with them that 's any use , other than exchange them with each other - and as soon as we exchange them with each other all sots of powerful things happen , because it 's a fiction that we 've all subscribed to .
We do n't think this is wrong or right , good or bad ; but the thing is that if money vanished the entire co-operative structure that we have would implode , but if we were all to vanish , money would simply vanish too .
Money has no meaning outside ourselves , it is something that we have created that has a powerful shaping effect on the world , because its something we all subscribe to .
I would like somebody to write an evolutionary history of religion , because the way in which it has developed seems to me to show all kinds of evolutionary strategies .
Think of the arms races that go on between one or two animals living the same environment .
For example the race between the Amazonian manatee and a particular type of reed that it eats .
The more of the reed the manatee eats , the more the reed develops silica in its cells to attack the teeth of the manatee and the more silica in the reed , the more manatee 's teeth get bigger and stronger .
One side does one thing and the other counters it .
As we know , throughout evolution and history arms races are something that drive evolution in the most powerful ways and in the world of ideas you can see similar kinds of things happening .
Now , the invention of the scientific method and science is , I 'm sure we 'll all agree , the most powerful intellectual idea , the most powerful framework for thinking and investigating and understanding and challenging the world around us that there is , and that it rests on the premise that any idea is there to be attacked and if it withstands the attack then it lives to fight another day and if it does n't withstand the attack then down it goes .
Religion does n't seem to work like that ; it has certain ideas at the heart of it which we call sacred or holy or whatever .
That 's an idea we 're so familiar with , whether we subscribe to it or not , that it 's kind of odd to think what it actually means , because really what it means is ' Here is an idea or a notion that you 're not allowed to say anything bad about ; you 're just not .
Why not ? - because you 're not !'
If somebody votes for a party that you do n't agree with , you 're free to argue about it as much as you like ; everybody will have an argument but nobody feels aggrieved by it .
If somebody thinks taxes should go up or down you are free to have an argument about it , but on the other hand if somebody says ' I must n't move a light switch on a Saturday ' , you say , ' Fine , I respect that ' .
The odd thing is , even as I am saying that I am thinking ' Is there an Orthodox Jew here who is going to be offended by the fact that I just said that ? ' but I would n't have thought ' Maybe there 's somebody from the left wing or somebody from the right wing or somebody who subscribes to this view or the other in economics ' when I was making the other points .
I just think ' Fine , we have different opinions ' .
But , the moment I say something that has something to do with somebody 's ( I 'm going to stick my neck out here and say irrational ) beliefs , then we all become terribly protective and terribly defensive and say ' No , we do n't attack that ; that 's an irrational belief but no , we respect it ' .
It 's rather like , if you think back in terms of animal evolution , an animal that 's grown an incredible carapace around it , such as a tortoise - that 's a great survival strategy because nothing can get through it ; or maybe like a poisonous fish that nothing will come close to , which therefore thrives by keeping away any challenges to what it is it is .
In the case of an idea , if we think ' Here is an idea that is protected by holiness or sanctity ' , what does it mean ?
Why should it be that it 's perfectly legitimate to support the Labour party or the Conservative party , Republicans or Democrats , this model of economics versus that , Macintosh instead of Windows , but to have an opinion about how the Universe began , about who created the Universe , no , that 's holy ?
What does that mean ?
Why do we ring - fence that for any other reason other than that we 've just got used to doing so ?
There 's no other reason at all , it 's just one of those things that crept into being and once that loop gets going it 's very , very powerful .
So , we are used to not challenging religious ideas but it 's very interesting how much of a furore Richard creates when he does it !
Everybody gets absolutely frantic about it because you 're not allowed to say these things .
Yet when you look at it rationally there is no reason why those ideas should n't be as open to debate as any other , except that we have agreed somehow between us that they should n't be .
There 's a very interesting book - I do n't know if anybody here 's read it - called ' Man on Earth ' by an anthropologist who use to be at Cambridge , called John Reader , in which he describes the way that …
I 'm going to back up a little bit and tell you about the whole book .
It 's a series of studies of different cultures in the world that have developed within somewhat isolated circumstances , either on islands or in a mountain valley or wherever , so it 's possible to treat them to a certain extent as a test - tube case .
You see therefore exactly the degree to which their environment and their immediate circumstances has affected the way in which their culture has arisen .
It 's a fascinating series of studies .
The one I have in mind at the moment is one that describes the culture and economy of Bali , which is a small , very crowded island that subsists on rice .
Now , rice is an incredibly efficient food and you can grow an awful lot in a relatively small space , but it 's hugely labour intensive and requires a lot of very , very precise co-operation amongst the people there , particularly when you have a large population on a small island needing to bring its harvest in .
People now looking at the way in which rice agriculture works in Bali are rather puzzled by it because it is intensely religious .
The society of Bali is such that religion permeates every single aspect of it and everybody in that culture is very , very carefully defined in terms of who they are , what their status is and what their role in life is .
It 's all defined by the church ; they have very peculiar calendars and a very peculiar set of customs and rituals , which are precisely defined and , oddly enough , they are fantastically good at being very , very productive with their rice harvest .
In the 70s , people came in and noticed that the rice harvest was determined by the temple calendar .
It seemed to be totally nonsensical , so they said , ' Get rid of all this , we can help you make your rice harvest much , much more productive than even you 're , very successfully , doing at the moment .
Use these pesticides , use this calendar , do this , that and the other ' .
So they started and for two or three years the rice production went up enormously , but the whole predator / prey / pest balance went completely out of kilter .
Very shortly , the rice harvest plummeted again and the Balinese said , ' Screw it , we 're going back to the temple calendar ! ' and they reinstated what was there before and it all worked again absolutely perfectly .
It 's all very well to say that basing the rice harvest on something as irrational and meaningless as a religion is stupid - they should be able to work it out more logically than that , but they might just as well say to us , ' Your culture and society works on the basis of money and that 's a fiction , so why do n't you get rid of it and just co-operate with each other ' - we know it 's not going to work !
So , there is a sense in which we build meta - systems above ourselves to fill in the space that we previously populated with an entity that was supposed to be the intentional designer , the creator ( even though there is n't one ) and because we - I do n't necessarily mean we in this room , but we as a species - design and create one and then allow ourselves to behave as if there was one , all sorts of things begin to happen that otherwise would n't happen .
Let me try and illustrate what I mean by something else .
This is very speculative ; I 'm really going out on a limb here , because it 's something I know nothing about whatsoever , so think of this more as a thought experiment than a real explanation of something .
I want to talk about Feng Shui , which is something I know very little about , but there 's been a lot of talk about it recently in terms of figuring out how a building should be designed , built , situated , decorated and so on .
Apparently , we need to think about the building being inhabited by dragons and look at it in terms of how a dragon would move around it .
So , if a dragon would n't be happy in the house , you have to put a red fish bowl here or a window there .
This sounds like complete and utter nonsense , because anything involving dragons must be nonsense - there are n't any dragons , so any theory based on how dragons behave is nonsense .
What are these silly people doing , imagining that dragons can tell you how to build your house ?
Nevertheless , it occurs to me if you disregard for a moment the explanation that 's actually offered for it , it may be there is something interesting going on that goes like this : we all know from buildings that we 've lived in , worked in , been in or stayed in , that some are more comfortable , more pleasant and more agreeable to live in than others .
We have n't had a real way of quantifying this , but in this century we 've had an awful lot of architects who think they know how to do it , so we 've had the horrible idea of the house as a machine for living in , we 've had Mies van der Roe and others putting up glass stumps and strangely shaped things that are supposed to form some theory or other .
It 's all carefully engineered , but nonetheless , their buildings are not actually very nice to live in .
An awful lot of theory has been poured into this , but if you sit and work with an architect ( and I 've been through that stressful time , as I 'm sure a lot of people have ) then when you are trying to figure out how a room should work you 're trying to integrate all kinds of things about lighting , about angles , about how people move and how people live - and an awful lot of other things you do n't know about that get left out .
You do n't know what importance to attach to one thing or another ; you 're trying to , very consciously , figure out something when you have n't really got much of a clue , but there 's this theory and that theory , this bit of engineering practice and that bit of architectural practice ; you do n't really know what to make of them .
Compare that to somebody who tosses a cricket ball at you .
You can sit and watch it and say , ' It 's going at 17 degrees ' ; start to work it out on paper , do some calculus , etc. and about a week after the ball 's whizzed past you , you may have figured out where it 's going to be and how to catch it .
On the other hand , you can simply put your hand out and let the ball drop into it , because we have all kinds of faculties built into us , just below the conscious level , able to do all kinds of complex integrations of all kinds of complex phenomena which therefore enables us to say , ' Oh look , there 's a ball coming ; catch it !'
What I 'm suggesting is that Feng Shui and an awful lot of other things are precisely of that kind of problem .
There are all sorts of things we know how to do , but do n't necessarily know what we do , we just do them .
Go back to the issue of how you figure out how a room or a house should be designed and instead of going through all the business of trying to work out the angles and trying to digest which genuine architectural principles you may want to take out of what may be a passing architectural fad , just ask yourself , ' how would a dragon live here ? '
We are used to thinking in terms of organic creatures ; an organic creature may consist of an enormous complexity of all sorts of different variables that are beyond our ability to resolve but we know how organic creatures live .
We 've never seen a dragon but we 've all got an idea of what a dragon is like , so we can say , ' Well if a dragon went through here , he'd get stuck just here and a little bit cross over there because he could n't see that and he'd wave his tail and knock that vase over ' .
You figure out how the dragon 's going to be happy here and lo and behold !
you 've suddenly got a place that makes sense for other organic creatures , such as ourselves , to live in .
So , my argument is that as we become more and more scientifically literate , it 's worth remembering that the fictions with which we previously populated our world may have some function that it's worth trying to understand and preserve the essential components of , rather than throwing out the baby with the bath water ; because even though we may not accept the reasons given for them being here in the first place , it may well be that there are good practical reasons for them , or something like them , to be there .
I suspect that as we move further and further into the field of digital or artificial life we will find more and more unexpected properties begin to emerge out of what we see happening and that this is a precise parallel to the entities we create around ourselves to inform and shape our lives and enable us to work and live together .
Therefore , I would argue that though there is n't an actual god there is an artificial god and we should probably bear that in mind .
That is my debating point and you are now free to start hurling the chairs around !
Q – What is the fourth age of sand ?
Let me back up for a minute and talk about the way we communicate .
Traditionally , we have a bunch of different ways in which we communicate with each other .
One way is one - to - one ; we talk to each other , have a conversation .
Another is one - to - many , which I 'm doing at the moment , or someone could stand up and sing a song , or announce we 've got to go to war .
Then we have many - to - one communication ; we have a pretty patchy , clunky , not - really - working version we call democracy , but in a more primitive state I would stand up and say , ' OK , we 're going to go to war ' and some may shout back ' No we 're not ! ' - and then we have many - to - many communication in the argument that breaks out afterwards !
In this century ( and the previous century ) we modelled one - to - one communications in the telephone , which I assume we are all familiar with .
We have one - to - many communication - boy do we have an awful lot of that ; broadcasting , publishing , journalism , etc. - we get information poured at us from all over the place and it's completely indiscriminate as to where it might land .
It 's curious , but we do n't have to go very far back in our history until we find that all the information that reached us was relevant to us and therefore anything that happened , any news , whether it was about something that 's actually happened to us , in the next house , or in the next village , within the boundary or within our horizon , it happened in our world and if we reacted to it the world reacted back .
It was all relevant to us , so for example , if somebody had a terrible accident we could crowd round and really help .
Nowadays , because of the plethora of one - to - many communication we have , if a plane crashes in India we may get terribly anxious about it but our anxiety does n't have any impact .
We 're not very well able to distinguish between a terrible emergency that 's happened to somebody a world away and something that 's happened to someone round the corner .
We can't really distinguish between them any more , which is why we get terribly upset by something that has happened to somebody in a soap opera that comes out of Hollywood and maybe less concerned when it 's happened to our sister .
We 've all become twisted and disconnected and it's not surprising that we feel very stressed and alienated in the world because the world impacts on us but we do n't impact the world .
Then there 's many - to - one ; we have that , but not very well yet and there 's not much of it about .
Essentially , our democratic systems are a model of that and though they 're not very good , they will improve dramatically .
But the fourth , the many - to - many , we did n't have at all before the coming of the Internet , which , of course , runs on fibre - optics .
It 's communication between us that forms the fourth age of sand .
Take what I said earlier about the world not reacting to us when we react to it ; I remember the first moment , a few years ago , at which I began to take the Internet seriously .
It was a very , very silly thing .
There was a guy , a computer research student at Carnegie Mellon , who liked to drink Dr Pepper Light .
There was a drinks machine a couple of storeys away from him , where he used to regularly go and get his Dr Pepper , but the machine was often out of stock , so he had quite a few wasted journeys .
Eventually he figured out , ' Hang on , there 's a chip in there and I 'm on a computer and there 's a network running around the building , so why do n't I just put the drinks machine on the network , then I can poll it from my terminal whenever I want and tell if I 'm going to have a wasted journey or not ? '
So he connected the machine to the local network , but the local net was part of the Internet - so suddenly anyone in the world could see what was happening with this drinks machine .
Now that may not be vital information but it turned out to be curiously fascinating ; everyone started to know what was happening with the drinks machine .
It began to develop , because in the chip in the machine did n't just say , ' The slot which has Dr Pepper Light is empty ' but had all sorts of information ; it said , ' There are 7 Cokes and 3 Diet Cokes , the temperature they are stored at is this and the last time they were loaded was that ' .
There was a lot of information in there , and there was one really fabulous piece of information : it turned out that if someone had put their 50 cents in and not pressed the button , i.e. if the machine was pregnant , then you could , from your computer terminal wherever you were in the world , log on to the drinks machine and drop that can !
Somebody could be walking down the corridor when suddenly , ' bang ! ' - there was a Coca - Cola can !
What caused that ?
- well obviously somebody 5,000 miles away !
Now that was a very , very silly , but fascinating , story and what it said to me was that this was the first time that we could reach back into the world .
It may not be terribly important that from 5,000 miles away you can reach into a University corridor and drop a Coca - Cola can but it 's the first shot in the war of bringing to us a whole new way of communicating .
So that , I think , is the fourth age of sand .
WASHINGTON , June 18 — A passenger as well as a driver has the right to challenge the legality of a police officer ’s decision to stop a car , the Supreme Court ruled unanimously today .
The ruling came in the case of Bruce E. Brendlin , who was a passenger in a car that was stopped by a deputy sheriff in Yuba City , Calif . , on Nov. 27 , 2001 .
The deputy soon ascertained that Mr. Brendlin was an ex-convict who was wanted for violating his parole .
An ensuing search of the driver , the car and Mr. Brendlin turned up methamphetamine supplies .
Eventually , Mr. Brendlin pleaded guilty to a drug charge and drew a four - year prison sentence .
But he continued to appeal on the issue of whether the evidence of drugs found on him resulted from an illegal search and should have been suppressed because of the Fourth Amendment ’s protection against unreasonable search and seizure .
The California Supreme Court found that , consitutionally speaking , only the driver had been “ seized ” by the stop , and that therefore Mr. Brendlin had no basis for challenging the search that turned up the drugs .
The State of California made that argument again when the case was heard before the United States Supreme Court on April 23 .
Anthony Walker was killed in August 2005
Neil Martin , 30 , of Maghull , posted the offensive remarks just days after the 18 - year - old student was killed with an ice axe in Huyton , Merseyside .
He pleaded guilty at Liverpool Crown Court to publishing material intended or likely to stir up racial hatred .
The teenager was murdered in McGoldrick Park in Huyton on 29 July 2005 .
Hitler started with an idea , slavery started with an idea , so it is good that this was stopped in time
Gee Walker
At an earlier hearing before South Sefton magistrates , Martin was also convicted of 33 counts of making indecent photographs or pseudo - photographs of a child .
At the hearing on Friday he was jailed for a further six months for downloading the indecent images .
Judge Henry Globe QC , the Recorder of Liverpool , told Martin he had " trespassed and intruded on the grief of the Walker family " .
" The intention of the website was innocent , honourable and well motivated , " he said .
" You accessed that website and you abused its use .
You posted highly abusive , insulting and racist messages on the site . "
The judge said there were at least six messages posted on the website , but that he did not want to repeat the content .
Sentence ' adequate '
During police interviews , Martin admitted posting the messages but insisted he was not racist .
Heather Lloyd , defending , said Martin had no history of racist behaviour and that he felt " deeply ashamed " .
She said : " He was isolated and living in a fantasy world , spending hours on his computer in his room where his persona could be as he made it , good or bad . "
Miss Lloyd said that her client had written a letter of apology to both the court and to the Walker family .
Anthony 's mother , Gee Walker , attended the hearing and speaking afterwards described the sentence as " adequate " .
But Mrs Walker said she had refused to accept the letter after hearing what he had written on the online book of condolence for her son .
" It was shocking to think someone could think something so evil and it is good that they are doing something about stopping these type of people , " she said .
" Hitler started with an idea , slavery started with an idea , so it is good that this was stopped in time . "
Killers jailed
Two men , Paul Taylor and his cousin Michael Barton , were convicted in November last year of murdering Anthony Walker .
The pair had ambushed Anthony after shouting racist abuse at him as he waited for a bus with his girlfriend and cousin .
Both were jailed for life and the judge said Taylor would serve at least 23 years and eight months before he would be eligible for parole .
Not to stoke any of the inane conspiracy theories running wild on the Internet , but if Osama bin Laden was n’t on the payroll of Lockheed Martin or some other large defense contractor , he deserves to have been .
What a boondoggle 9/11 has been for the merchants of war , who this week announced yet another quarter of whopping profits made possible by George Bush ’s pretending to fight terrorism by throwing money at outdated Cold War - style weapons systems .
Lockheed Martin , the nation ’s top weapons manufacturer , reaped a 22 percent increase in profits , while rivals for the defense buck , Northrop Grumman and General Dynamics , increased profits by 62 percent and 22 percent , respectively .
Boeing ’s profits jumped 61 percent , spiked this quarter by its commercial division , but Boeing ’s military division , like the others , has been doing very well indeed since the terrorist attacks .
As Newsweek International put in August : “ Since 9/11 and the U.S. - led wars that followed , shares in American defense companies have outperformed both the Nasdaq and Standard & Poor ’s stock indices by some 40 percent .
Prior to the recent cascade of stock prices worldwide , Boeing ’s share prices had tripled over the past five years while Raytheon ’s had doubled . ”
Not bad for an industry in serious difficulty with the sudden collapse of the Cold War at the beginning of the 1990s , when the first President Bush and his defense secretary , Dick Cheney , were severely cutting the military budget for high - ticket planes and ships designed to fight the no-longer - existent Soviet military .
Sure , they had Iraq to kick around , but the elder Bush never thought to turn the then very real aggression of Saddam Hussein into an enormously expensive quagmire .
He both defeated Hussein and cut the military budget .
Not so Bush the younger , who exploited the trauma of 9/11 as an occasion to depose the defanged dictator of Iraq and thus provide a “ shock and awe ” showcase for the arms industry , which continues to benefit obscenely from the failed occupation .
The second Iraq war , irrationally conflated with the 9/11 attack that had nothing to do with Hussein , provided the perfect threat package to justify the most outrageous military boondoggle in the nation ’s history .
The bin Laden boys only had an arsenal of $ 3 knives , but Bush claimed Hussein had WMD .
Sadly for the military - industrial complex , Hussein ’s army collapsed all too suddenly .
But the insurgency , much of it fueled by the Shiites , who were ostensibly on our side , provided the occasion for pretending that we are in a war against a conventionally armed and imposing military enemy .
Of course , we are in nothing of the sort with this so - called war on terror , a propaganda farce that draws resources away from serious efforts to counter terrorism to reward the corporations that profit from high - tech weaponry that has little if anything to do with the problem at hand .
As Columbia professor Richard K. Betts points out in Foreign Affairs magazine : “ With rare exceptions , the war against terrorists cannot be fought with army tank battalions , air force wings , or naval fleets — the large conventional forces that drive the defense budget .
The main challenge is not killing the terrorists but finding them , and the capabilities most applicable to this task are intelligence and special operations forces . …
It does not require half a trillion dollars worth of conventional and nuclear forces . ”
That half a trillion only covers the Pentagon budget for expenses beyond the cost of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars or the Department of Homeland Security .
Those last three items total more than $ 240 billion in Bush ’s 2008 budget requests .
Add to that the $ 50 billion spent on intelligence agencies and an equal amount of State Department - directed efforts and you can understand how we manage to spend more fighting a gang of mujahedeen terrorists , once our “ freedom fighters ” in that earlier Afghan war against the Soviets , than we did at the height of the Cold War .
“ The Pentagon currently absorbs more than half of the federal government ’s discretionary budget , ” writes Lawrence J. Korb , “ surpassing the heights reached when I was President Reagan ’s assistant secretary of defense .
…
And , much like the 1980s , we are spending billions of dollars on weapons systems designed to fight the Soviet superpower . ”
Thanks to bin Laden and Bush ’s exploitation of “ war on terror ” hysteria , the taxpayers have been hoodwinked into paying for a sophisticated military arsenal to fight a Soviet enemy that no longer exists .
The Institute for Policy Studies calculated last year that the top 34 CEOs of the defense industry have earned a combined billion dollars since 9/11 ; they should give bin Laden his cut .
We have been together for fifteen years and we have two kids .
We have been in couples therapy enough different times for me to know that I hate being in couples therapy with him because he never changes .
It ’s always been more productive for me to go to therapy alone , where at least I can get things done .
But now we are desperate , so I ’ve capitulated .
We park the car and walk into the building of the couples ’ therapist .
I remember one couples therapist telling us that we are in good shape because we drove there together .
Today I know that we would have driven in separate cars if we had two cars .
I delegated finding a therapist to my husband .
After all , my first book just came out and I blog almost every day .
I am busy .
I know my penchant for delegating is part of the problem , but I thought this would be one last hurrah .
We get to the office .
The sign on the door says “ Divorce Law Offices ” and there is a list of people with Esq ’s at the end .
I say , “ We ’re going to a divorce lawyer ?
I do n’t want a divorce . ”
“ It ’s Wisconsin , ” he says , “ It ’s not like New York City where there are skyscrapers devoted to therapist offices . ”
We see a mediator .
I start talking .
I tell him we are not there to get a divorce .
We ’re there to keep our marriage together .
Is there someone else we can see ?
My husband says he ’s thinking he might be there to get a divorce .
I see we are a parody of a couple who cannot communicate .
When I was doing research for a column about divorce law , I talked with a lot of divorce lawyers , and each one said that so many divorces could be avoided if the people would talk .
One attorney told me he helps one couple a month get back together , and that ’s his favorite part of his job .
I tell myself , based on this , that divorce lawyers are good at keeping marriages together because they see so many marriages fall apart .
We talk about our marriage .
I think things are difficult because my husband gave up working to take care of our kids and it did n’t work out .
My husband thinks things got bad because taking care of our son who has autism is extremely difficult and we take it out on each other so we do n’t take it out on him .
There is truth to what my husband says .
Eighty percent of parents who have a child with autism get a divorce .
But I do n’t want to blame my failing marriage on my cute little five - year - old .
Not that I do n’t want someone to blame .
I do .
But I think it is more complicated than that .
I explain how my career is going great .
I tell the mediator I have a busy speaking schedule and a six - figure contract for my next book .
I even talk about my blog , and the estimated 450,000 page views a month , even though you can trust me on this :
Our divorce mediator from Middleton , Wisconsin does not read blogs .
At this point , I think my husband is going to tell the mediator about how he gave up his career for the kids and me and he is totally disappointed .
But instead he says to me , “ A lot of people I talk with say that I am being abused by you . ”
I am shocked .
It ’s a big allegation .
But I say , “ A lot of people I talk with think I should get rid of you . ”
That ’s as bad as it gets , right there .
Because the mediator interjects and says that if you want to try to stay together for the kids , it ’s worth it .
He says , “ The research shows divorce is very hard on kids , and especially kids under five . ”
But he adds , “ You wo n’t be able to hold things together just to parent the kids .
You will need some love for each other . ”
I say quickly that I have that .
It is easy for me to remember how much fun I had with my husband before we had kids .
It ’s easy for me to remember that every time I look - but - don ’t - really - look for men to have an affair with , I find myself looking at someone who is like my husband : I still love him .
My husband is not so quick to say he still loves me .
So all I can do is think while he thinks .
I think about the research about how a career does not make people happy .
When you are in love and someone asks you how you are , you say , “ I ’m so happy ” even if you are unemployed .
When your career is going well and your marriage is n’t when someone asks you how you are you say , “ My career is going great . ”
The mediator starts talking about how the next step will be a contract to follow rules of engagement .
“ You have to start being nice to each other , ” says the mediator .
Right now that seems almost impossible .
We have to wait , though .
My husband is deciding if he has any love for me .
He asks the mediator , “ How do I know if it ’s love ? ”
The mediator says , “ If you care about her life , for right now , that ’s enough . ”
Finally my husband says to me , “ I ’m so sorry that life is not better for you when your career is going so well .
You ’ve worked so hard for this . ”
The mediator nods .
Next meeting we will move on to the rules of engagement .
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Other posts on this topic :
It all started this year , that I started thinking about how to get a raise .
It was payday and I was out of town .
My boss called me on the cell phone to tell me that I would see some additional money in my paycheck and not to be surprised .
Since I knew that my salary was about $ 25,000 below the average salary for my position , I was thrilled .
I was going to see a huge increase in my salary .
I also knew that the two newest people to join our department received a starting salary of $ 95,000 .
That was definitely on the high side for their positions .
Heck , even if I were to receive a $ 10,000 per year salary , I ’d be happy .
After all , I have an outstanding ability in rapidly adapting to new technologies , I am highly skilled in systems automation , I have a proven track record in customizations , and I am exceptionally creative in problem solving .
Plus I have about 10 years of experience .
I ’ve done so much for the company .
I have done things that others claim are “ impossible . ”
There are things that just cannot be done with our applications .
The tech support from our software vendors claim that things I ’ve done are impossible .
And now I finally got my big pay raise .
I did not need to know how to ask for a raise ; I already had it .
I thought back my very first job in my IT career .
My supervisor knew that he was taking a chance on me and offered me a low salary , $ 40,000 per year .
It was low , and I did not know how to ask for a raise .
Although the salary was low , to me it was great .
I broke into the industry self - trained .
Two weeks later , it was pay day and my supervisor called me in to discuss my paycheck .
Thoughts about how to ask for a raise did not even cross my mind .
My supervisor told me there was a “ little extra ” in my paycheck .
It turned out that he immediately saw my potential and gave me a $ 5,000 dollar per year raise during my first week !
About three weeks later , he called me in again to his office to discuss some responsibilities .
He knew I was capable of more and told me my new salary would be $ 54,000 per year .
This was great for me since I had no “ real ” experience .
This is how the corporate world should operate .
Your superiors see your superior work , and without even thinking about how to ask for a raise , you just receive a raise based on your work .
I lived with this ill - conceived notion for a long time .
I never imagined that I should learn how to ask for a raise .
Getting back to my current situation , you may be wondering why my salary is so low to begin with .
$ 25,000 below average .
Well , when I started 3 years ago , I was relocating .
I was more eager to relocate since my wife and I both wanted to move to this area .
A new job ( even with a pay cut ) , was a good reason to move .
I accepted the low position knowing that I would be evaluated and given an increase in 3 months .
I took the job even though I received a pay cut .
For one thing , the boss expects everyone to work overtime and weekends without compensation .
At my previous job , I received either overtime or comp time .
The benefits are lousy .
I pay about $ 450 per month plus huge co-pays for medical and dental insurance for my family and myself .
At my previous job , dental was completely free and medical was about $ 600 per month , but the company paid about 86 % of that so my medical payment was only about $ 80 per month .
Also , my previous company matched 10 % of 401 K contributions .
My current company matches nothing .
And how ’s this for motivation : “ You can be let go at any time and the company will continue to go on . ”
The salary increase was a blatant lie .
The excuse was that a “ salary freeze ” was in effect .
The so - called freeze was non-existent .
Needless to say , I did not get my raise .
Since I did not know how to ask for a raise , I did not ask for a raise .
Well that ’s beside the point now .
Finally , I was about to get my big salary increase .
So big , that the boss decided to call me on the phone to tell me not to be surprised .
Well , I was not just surprised .
I was in shock !
The payroll department had not added the raise to my paycheck ; they included it separately .
I did n’t need to find an old pay stub and compare it to the current pay stub to calculate the raise amount .
My “ raise ” had its very own check .
The amount was staring me in the face .
I was so looking forward to my pay increase .
After all , my year one pay raise was only 2.5 % .
My year two pay raise was only 5 % .
Finally , my year three pay raise was here and it was going to be huge .
So huge that I did not need to know how to ask for a pay raise ; so huge that my boss had to call me so I would not be surprised .
Finally , my years of outstanding work and loyalty to the company was about to pay off .
I was stunned when I saw the check .
I stared at it .
The raise was retroactive to the beginning to the pay period , so it was a full two weeks ’ worth of raise .
Twenty - seven dollars .
Yes , $ 27 for a two week period .
I did the math and it was a 1 % raise .
I was in disbelief and was hurt .
I desperately needed to learn how to ask for a raise .
Technorati Tags : how to ask for a raise , raise , salary increase , salary , job , get a raise , get the raise you deserve , how to get a raise
Duluth , Minnesota —
During an occasionally testy cross examination , a Sony executive said what many observers have suspected for a long time .
The RIAA 's four - year - old lawsuit campaign is costing the music industry millions of dollars and is a big money - loser for the record labels .
The revelation came during the first day of Capitol Records v. Jammie Thomas , the first file - sharing case to go to trial ( it was formerly known as Virgin v. Thomas , but the sole Virgin Records track was stricken from the complaint , making Capitol Records the lead plaintiff ) .
After a relatively calm morning session , proceedings resumed after lunch .
After RIAA lead counsel Richard Gabriel finished his direct examination , Thomas ' attorney Brian Toder began his attempts to undermine the labels ' case .
He focused on apparent inconsistencies from the testimony of Jennifer Pariser , Sony BMG 's the head of litigation .
Toder also got Pariser to admit that IP addresses and screenshots " do n't identify human beings . "
Pariser also said she had no idea why Virgin Records dropped its part of the case .
" The RIAA and the plaintiffs have the same lawyer and coordinate the lawsuits , " Toder noted .
" You do n't know why they bailed on the case ? "
Pariser said she had enough trouble keeping track of Sony 's litigation , let alone what the other companies are doing .
Perhaps — and this is just a guess — it 's the money .
Lawsuits are punitive , not business
One of the biggest bombshells from the cross-examination was Pariser 's admission that the RIAA 's legal campaign is n't making the labels any money , and that , furthermore , the industry has no idea of the actual damages it suffers due to file - sharing .
The admission came during questioning over the amount of damages the RIAA is seeking in the case .
Toder asked Pariser how much Sony was suing the defendant for , and she replied that the amount was for the jury to decide and that the labels were n't suing for actual damages .
As is the case with the other file - sharing lawsuits , the record industry is only seeking the punitive damages available via the Copyright Act , which can range from $ 750 to $ 150,000 per song .
" What are your actual damages ? " asked Toder .
" We have n't stopped to calculate the amount of damages we 've suffered due to downloading , but that 's not what 's at issue here , " replied Pariser , who was reminded by Judge Michael Davis to answer the questions actually asked by Toder , not hypotheticals .
Toder then pressed the Sony executive on the question of how many people actually downloaded music from the defendant .
" We do n't know , " she replied .
" I can't identify any other entities aside from what SafeNet reported , but I know that many others did ... that 's the way the system works . "
Toder then raised the question of the RIAA targeting the wrong people in its lawsuits .
" How many dead people have you sued ? " he asked , a question that was blocked after Gabriel objected .
Toder then took a different tack , asking Pariser if she recognized the names of Gertrude Walton , Sarah Ward , Cindy Chan , and Paul Wilke — all innocent victims of the RIAA 's driftnet tactics .
The next line of questioning was how many suits the RIAA has filed so far .
Pariser estimated the number at a " few thousand . "
" More like 20,000 , " suggested Toder .
" That 's probably an overstatement , " Pariser replied .
She then made perhaps the most startling comment of the day .
Saying that the record labels have spent " millions " on the lawsuits , she then said that " we 've lost money on this program . "
The RIAA 's settlement amounts are typically in the neighborhood of $ 3,000 - $ 4,000 for those who settle once they receive a letter from the music industry .
On the other side of the balance sheet is the amount of money paid to SafeNet ( formerly MediaSentry ) to conduct its investigations , and the cash spent on the RIAA 's legal team and on local counsel to help with the various cases .
As Pariser admitted under oath today , the entire campaign is a money pit .
This site has moved .
The new site can be discovered at http://www.jeffkillian.com
King Eli
Go here to see more photos of Eli Florence and the special night that five Lake Fenton athletes organized to honor him as homecoming king .
The dream of being able to annoy everyone around you at 30,000 feet inched ever closer to reality today , with EU regulators recommending that member states approve a plan to allow in - flight cell phone use .
Although previous studies have shown cell radios may interfere with in - flight nav systems , the new plan involves mounting a satellite - linked " pico cell " in the passenger compartment , which will allow pilots and flight crew to selectively enable cell services like voice and SMS .
Unfortunately , the system only supports 2G connections , but if its successful , officials say it can be upgraded to 3G .
Rollout is dependent on both individual countries and airlines approving the tech , but hopefully we 'll be chatting away soon .
[ Via Switched
Adjust font size :
The statement by Sun-Kyung Cho , sister of Seung - Hui Cho , on behalf of herself and her family :
On behalf of our family , we are so deeply sorry for the devastation my brother has caused .
No words can express our sadness that 32 innocent people lost their lives this week in such a terrible , senseless tragedy .
We are heartbroken .
We grieve alongside the families , the Virginia Tech community , our State of Virginia , and the rest of the nation .
And , the world .
Every day since April 16 , my father , mother and I pray for students Ross Abdallah Alameddine , Brian Roy Bluhm , Ryan Christopher Clark , Austin Michelle Cloyd , Matthew Gregory Gwaltney , Caitlin Millar Hammaren , Jeremy Michael Herbstritt , Rachael Elizabeth Hill , Emily Jane Hilscher , Jarrett Lee Lane , Matthew Joseph La Porte , Henry J. Lee , Partahi Mamora Halomoan Lumbantoruan , Lauren Ashley McCain , Daniel Patrick O'Neil , J. Ortiz - Ortiz , Minal Hiralal Panchal , Daniel Alejandro Perez , Erin Nicole Peterson , Michael Steven Pohle , Jr. , Julia Kathleen Pryde , Mary Karen Read , Reema Joseph Samaha , Waleed Mohamed Shaalan , Leslie Geraldine Sherman , Maxine Shelly Turner , Nicole White , Instructor Christopher James Bishop , and Professors Jocelyne Couture - Nowak , Kevin P. Granata , Liviu Librescu and G.V. Loganathan .
We pray for their families and loved ones who are experiencing so much excruciating grief .
And we pray for those who were injured and for those whose lives are changed forever because of what they witnessed and experienced .
Each of these people had so much love , talent and gifts to offer , and their lives were cut short by a horrible and senseless act .
We are humbled by this darkness .
We feel hopeless , helpless and lost .
This is someone that I grew up with and loved .
Now I feel like I did n't know this person .
We have always been a close , peaceful and loving family .
My brother was quiet and reserved , yet struggled to fit in .
We never could have envisioned that he was capable of so much violence .
He has made the world weep .
We are living a nightmare .
There is much justified anger and disbelief at what my brother did , and a lot of questions are left unanswered .
Our family will continue to cooperate fully and do whatever we can to help authorities understand why these senseless acts happened .
We have many unanswered questions as well .
Our family is so very sorry for my brother 's unspeakable actions .
It is a terrible tragedy for all of us .
You ’re so close to finishing your website .
The logo is done , the first few posts are prepped and ready for publishing , the whole site is looking stunning , but there ’s still the question of the navigation bar .
Website navigation bar design can be overwhelming because you likely have a wide variety of content or products to feature .
Understanding how to design the navigation bar is vital to creating the best user experience .
Keep reading to learn 7 hacks for better website navigation bar design !
1. Limit Options
When people are presented with row upon row of menu options to choose from , they can feel a bit overwhelmed .
The best practice in website design is to limit the menu items that visitors can see before they hover or click .
Successful menus will generally be divided into 6 or 7 ( at most ) categories to choose from .
A visitor should be able to look at the navigation bar options , decide which applies best to them , and then find more options once they navigate to a designated area .
2. Design a Content Hierarchy in Your Menu
When you design your website , you should also put a great amount into designing a content hierarchy for your navigation bar .
A content hierarchy is a way of organizing content or menu options that is logical to the visitor .
For example , if you have a website about clothing , it would make sense to divide the clothing by gender : Women , Men , Kids , Gender Neutral , etc .
Under each of these options , the visitor will expect to see more specific options .
So under “ Women ” , a visitor will want to see women ’s pants , dresses , tops , etc .
They would n’t expect to find men ’s suits .
While this is pretty cut and clear for clothing websites , it can get a bit fuzzier with different types of websites or blogs .
A great way to find out what people think is logical navigation is to ask friends and family , which elements they would expect to find under a certain menu item .
3. Do n’t Forget the Bottom Navigation Bar
Do n’t forget your bottom navigation bar !
Also known as a footer , this bar wo n’t have the exact same menu options as your main navigation bar , but it ’s an opportunity to make the user experience smoother for your visitor .
The bottom navigation bar is a great place to add contact info or forms , direct visitors to your disclosure or affiliate policy , and have copyright information .
Because the bottom navigation bar , or the footer , appears on every page , use it to your advantage !
4. Use User - Friendly Language
Users should n’t have to guess what you ’re talking about as they explore your navigation bar .
Make sure that you ’re writing below a 9th - grade reading level and that the words that you use are n’t only accessible to one dialect .
A “ bubbler ” to one person is a “ water fountain ” to another , so using language that is common will help users navigate your website .
5. Stick to a Conventional Navigation Bar
There ’s no need to reinvent the wheel .
A conventional navigation bar features a horizontal bar with a variety of options , under which more options will unfold when clicked or hovered on .
Users know how this type of navigation bar works , regardless of what website they ’re on or even the language it ’s in .
By using a navigation bar like this , the user already has a sense of familiarity with the website .
The only time that a nonconventional navigation bar would be acceptable is generally for a website with a sole purpose .
A big product launch or giveaway that has its own website might be worth using a unique navigation bar when people first go to the home page .
6. Add a Search Bar
Perhaps one of the worst things that a user can experience related to website navigation is being unable to find something and also being unable to find a search bar for it .
Most users will give up and go to a different website at this point .
A search bar on your website is an absolute necessity !
While you might not have room for it in your main navigation bar , having it slightly above is also a great option .
You can also include a search bar in your sidebar for maximum ease of use .
7. Make It Mobile Friendly
A good portion of your users is likely going to be navigating to your website from their mobile devices .
That means that your website navigation bar needs to be easy to use across all types of screens .
Be sure to verify that your menu and all of the hierarchies appear as you would like them to on your mobile device .
Keep in mind that the menu bar wo n’t look exactly the same , nor should it , on your mobile device as it does on your computer .
Generally , users will need to click the three little lines on their mobile devices to see the menu , which will then take up the full screen .
Make sure that those three little lines are visible !
Some websites might have them automatically set to the same color as the header so you will need to change that for it to be visible on mobile .
Bonus : Link the Logo to the Home Page
Users are familiar with the idea that clicking on the logo of your page will take them back to the home page .
Not having this as an option can lead to confusion or frustration , and users may simply decide to leave your website instead of having to type in your homepage again .
Keep it simple and familiar to users , and you ’ll be well on your way to success !
Start Your Website Navigation Bar Design Today
Now that you know all about website navigation bar design , start brainstorming !
Use an Excel sheet or a bulleted word document to start gathering ideas for your content hierarchy to ensure the best user experience .
To keep learning more about website design , keep reading !
Recently , I ’ve been doing quite a bit of reading about computer analysis of musical sound and some experimentation .
But there was n’t really anything I knew of that fit my desires for an experimental platform .
Python + numpy provided a good combination of a pleasant language and signal processing ability .
But beyond that I wanted an interactive environment that created a persistent record of what I was doing .
And that means the ability to edit : to go back and fix up mistakes and add comments .
Because a literal transcript of a shell session is worthless … it ’s full of typos and dead ends .
Also , I wanted inline plots and images .
In essence , I wanted something like the Mathematica notebook user interface , but for Python .
The inline plot part can be found in Nicolas Rougier ’s Pylab GTK Console , but other than that , it ’s just the standard Python interactive mode in a GTK + window .
IPython has a lot of features but it ’s still a shell in a terminal .
So , I decided to create something myself .
A couple of months of occasional evenings and 4000 lines of Python later , Reinteract is beginning to shape up .
A screencast of it in operation can be found below :
Screencast ( 5 minutes )
I ’m not ready to make a tarball release yet , but you can get the code out of git .
( Instructions here . )
The chances of it working out - of - the - box on a recent Linux system are pretty good .
In theory , it should be completely portable to Windows and even to gtk- quartz on OS / X , but figuring out the details would take some work .
P.S. – Python shell envy within the Online Desktop / Mugshot team ?
It ’s really a pretty different sort of thing from Colin ’s project .
But Mr. Keene and many other conservative fund - raisers and organizers acknowledge that the grass - roots hatred for Mrs. Clinton and her husband has subsided substantially since they left the White House .
National efforts to raise money to stop Mrs. Clinton ’s Senate campaigns in New York in 2000 and 2006 never got off the ground .
Nor did plans to raise money for a “ counter - Clinton ” library in Little Rock .
And conservatives note to their consternation that at the moment the woman they treat as the incarnation of 1960s liberalism appears to be campaigning as the least liberal of the Democratic front - runners .
Still , Mr. Keene said , “ Her image as the wicked witch of the left was burned in the minds of conservatives and the larger public before she tried to moderate her image . ”
He noted that polls consistently give her the highest unfavorable ratings among the front - runners , typically more than a third of the public .
( Her favorable ratings are also unusually high . )
Howard Wolfson , a spokesman for Mrs. Clinton , said any nominee would face a barrage from the right .
“ I think that history demonstrates that whoever the nominee is is going to engender opposition from the right , and we will certainly be prepared , ” Mr. Wolfson said .
Mrs. Clinton ’s campaign has attracted some new enemies .
John LeBoutillier , a former Republican congressman from New York and conservative commentator , said he started a Stop Hillary political action committee in part because he thought her opponents “ gave her a free pass ” in her two Senate races .
“ I started by trying to figure out what it is about her that bugs the heck out of people , ” Mr. LeBoutillier said , mainly by looking at public polls .
He said his organization recently spent $ 20,000 to run television commercials in Iowa featuring footage of a handful of potential Democratic caucus - goers saying that they distrusted Mrs. Clinton as a power - hungry opportunist .
Still , he acknowledged that his group had struggled for money .
Richard H. Collins , a Dallas investor , has taken over an unrelated group that was conceived by the Republican consultant Arthur J. Finkelstein to oppose Mrs. Clinton .
Mr. Collins , who redirected the group toward the presidential race , said he had put in about $ 200,000 in “ seed money ” to start a Web site , www.stophernow.com.
It plays cartoons of Mrs. Clinton as the host of a late - night talk show who is in the habit of batting guests over the head with a hammer .
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
The Soviet engineers gazed into the abandoned tunnel with dismay .
It was 1974 and work was scheduled to resume on the construction of the Baikal - Amur Magistral ( BAM ) , a railway line in north - eastern Siberia .
The Dusse - Alin Tunnel had been completed in an earlier phase of the undertaking , as evidenced by the inscription “ 1947 - 1950 ” over the entrance and the busts of Marx , Engels , Lenin and Stalin that earlier workers had hewn out of the nearby rock .
But the harsh climate and intervening years had not been kind to the permafrost - piercing passage .
Peering into the gaping hole , the worried workers could see something glinting inside .
The BAM project , perhaps the greatest civil engineering endeavour the world has ever seen , had encountered yet another problem .
‘ BAM ’ was conceived in the 1930s as a northerly relief line for the furthermost stretch of the Trans - Siberian Railroad , the tenuous track that traverses the cold and massive expanse of Siberia .
Stalin , ever - alert to potential threats , had sensed danger in the original route ’s close proximity to the Chinese border .
In the years between the world wars , much of eastern China was occupied by hostile Japanese forces and the Soviets felt keenly the vulnerability of their vital trans - continental link .
In addition to its military - strategic value , it was believed that the new route would replicate the success of its southern predecessor and open up vast chunks of resource - rich Siberia for settlement and industrialization .
Siberia at night , with its string of Trans - Siberian railway cities aglow .
In a part of the world where the automobile has yet to assert its dominance⁠ — there is still no continuous surfaced highway linking Moscow to the port of Vladivostok in the far southeast⁠ — the original Trans - Siberian Railway still plays a vital role in Russia ’s economy .
Satellite images taken at night demonstrate how Siberia ’s larger population centres are clumped along the railroad ’s 6000 mile - long path , a testament to the importance of the line for these cities ’ past and present existence .
The railway was one of the last great achievements of Imperial Russia , being finally completed in 1916 ⁠ — the year of prior to the Bolshevik Revolution .
Although it spurred development and slashed journey times across Russia from months or years to mere days or weeks , its construction was far from easy .
The project was costly and tragic owing to the extreme temperatures and difficult terrain .
Indeed , some historians have implicated the railway in the overthrow of the Tsars ; had the railway construction not diverted long - promised social reform funds , the huddled masses may have been placated .
But the difficulties in constructing the original line paled into insignificance compared to those of building its younger awkward twin , the BAM .
Permafrost , earthquakes , unusual geology , labour problems , Soviet centralized planning⁠ — all conspired to make the project vastly expensive in money , effort and the lives of its reluctant workers .
Whereas the full length of the Trans - Siberian Railway took twenty - five years to construct , the 2000 mile BAM extension took almost three quarters of a century to complete .
The fascination of the Soviet authorities in pursuing the project eerily mirrors that of their Tsarist forebears for the original Trans - Siberian Railroad .
Section of the BAM today : image courtesy of http://bam.railways.ru/
In the 1930s Stalin ’s notorious purges provided plenty of potential workers ⁠— willing or otherwise⁠ — for the job .
The dictator was keen to keep the project secret from prying Western eyes , and the Siberian forced - labour camps⁠ — the gulags⁠ — provided numerous discreet and disposable political prisoners who could be persuaded to try their hand at railroad building and tunnel - digging .
In 1939 workers first arrived on foot at the site of the aforementioned Dusse - Alin Tunnel , one of BAM ’s first planned constructions .
All they had was a single horse , a motorised cart and some hand tools to complete the task .
This was typical of the resources allocated to ‘ BAMlag ’ prisoners across the whole of the project .
Overwork and starvation soon started to thin their numbers , but thanks to the events unfolding in the world outside Siberia , the workforce soon swelled with German and Japanese prisoners - of - war .
The death toll among these labourers was horrendous : when the German POWs working on BAM ’s western end were belatedly repatriated in the late 40s and mid 50s , only 10 % of the original 100,000 had survived .
46,000 Japanese POWs also perished in the Soviet Union⁠ — most of whom worked on the BAM in the Russian Far East .
When Stalin died in 1953 the gulags were closed and building of the BAM was halted .
But the strategic and economic rationale for the project remained and in the early 70s Leonid Brezhnev ordered a resumption of building work .
This time the construction was to be a flagship ‘ shock ’ project driven forward by idealistic young communist volunteer heroes , rather than starving political prisoners and POWs .
Work began again in earnest .
It was only during this stage of construction that the full extent of the engineering difficulties became apparent .
First and foremost was the problem of permafrost .
In the BAM area the Siberian year boasts only ninety frost - free days ; in the winter temperatures can drop to - 60 degrees centigrade .
So it ’s not surprising that under the insulating top layer of moss and grass , the land remains frozen year - round .
Cold - tolerant steel was required , and special techniques were needed to prepare the ground for laying the rails : when standard methods were used , the construction vehicles would inevitably scrape away the insulating top layer of vegetation enabling the permafrost to melt in the summer .
The hapless workers would soon find themselves in a messy quagmire of swamp and collapsing newly - laid track .
Although building on permafrost was not a new problem for the Soviets ⁠ — it was known that a foundation of insulating rock laid over the ground would preserve the permafrost and thus the integrity of the track⁠ — the target - driven and idealistic - but - not - necessarily - experienced workers often found themselves cutting corners .
Over the course of the project large parts of track and infrastructure had to be repeatedly relaid or rebuilt .
The tunnels were particularly troublesome .
The unswerving straight - line commitment of the original Soviet planners meant that in a number of cases , tunnels were built unnecessarily : later geological reviews suggested that acceptable diversions through easier terrain were possible at greatly reduced cost and with minimal increase in the distance of the track .
Yet with commendable enthusiasm the Soviets dug onwards .
The Dusse - Alin Tunnel was successfully built in the Stalin era without any survey work whatsoever ; incredibly , when the two tunnelling teams of BAMlag workers met in the middle , they were out of alignment by only 20 cm .
But while the passage lay abandoned for twenty years , water seeped in through the bedrock and froze solid .
The dismayed railway engineers of 1974 were left with the problem of dealing with 32,000 tonnes of ice blocking the shaft⁠ — and also of disposing of the frozen bodies of the gulag workers they frequently stumbled on while reconditioning the tunnel .
When all else failed , the Soviets resorted to raw power .
The workers jury - rigged an aircraft jet engine at one end of the tunnel , and hit the ignition .
Its stream of superheated exhaust rapidly blasted a path through the wall of ice , clearing the tunnel for further work .
Despite its long and tragic history , the Dusse - Alin Tunnel was not the greatest technical challenge faced by the BAM - builders .
That honour goes to the Severomuisk Tunnel , a 15 km construction near the north end of Lake Baikal .
Earthquakes were one problem⁠ — the stubborn mountain range that blocked the railroad lies in a tectonically active area , and the path of the tunnel crossed four different fault zones .
But the first hitch the workers encountered was a touch of damp .
While chipping through the mountain a rush of water unexpectedly broke through the tunnel wall .
The workers had penetrated an underground lake , pressurized to 35 atmospheres by the bizarre geology of the area .
Its contents were rapidly draining into the tunnel , propelled by a compressive force four times that encountered inside an average champagne bottle .
The Western experts called in to help were dumbfounded : conditions inside the tunnel were unlike any before encountered .
Eventually the Soviets managed to patch up the passage in a novel way : they brought in a large tank of liquid nitrogen , and injected it into the rocks surrounding the leak .
The super - cold fluid froze the lake water briefly , long enough to erect a retaining concrete shell .
When work started on the Severomuisk tunnel in 1979 , the expected completion date was 1986 .
In fact , it was 2003 before the tunnel was finally opened for freight traffic .
Before then , steep and unsatisfactory bypasses were needed to enable some form of a service to be run along the route of the BAM .
Eastern portal of Severomuisk tunnel .
Image courtesy of http://bam.railways.ru
The opening of the Severomuisk Tunnel marked the completion of the BAM project as it was originally envisaged .
However , even now work continues : much of the line is only single track , and unlike the main Trans - Siberian line , unelectrified .
This greatly restricts the tonnage of freight that can be carried , and the railroad is maintained in working order only by the unnecessary diversion of freight trains from the main southern route .
For much of the last twenty years BAM ’s future has looked bleak .
When Gorbachev came to power in 1985 the project emphatically fell out of favour ; he decried it as a ‘ white elephant ’ , realising that the collapsing Soviet system could no longer keep up with the vast financial demands of the construction .
Funds earmarked for developing resource - extraction and manufacturing industries in the BAM area were swallowed up by construction of the track itself , and thus much of the proposed development of north - eastern Siberia never took place .
With most of the original building work taking place in the context of a Soviet command economy , the cost of the project in its entirety is difficult to calculate⁠ — but some estimates go as high as $ 30 billion for the whole endeavour , to date .
Certainly , the funds directed towards the project in the 70s were equivalent to the level of resources pumped into the Space Race in the 50s and 60s .
Nevertheless , the long term future of BAM looks brighter .
The vast untapped mineral resources are still there , ready to be exploited when the ever - fluctuating world economy makes the effort financially worthwhile .
With electrification and dual - tracking , the line will be able to take traffic of the same tonnage and speed as that on the original Trans - Siberian route ; with the BAM line being 450 km shorter , it will start to become an attractive option for sending freight and passengers between the continents of Europe and Asia .
But a recent announcement outlines perhaps the most beguiling prospect for the future of the line : in April of this year , Russian experts published plans for a Bering Strait rail tunnel , linking eastern Siberia with Alaska .
This link⁠ — previously considered in bridge - form by capitalists in Tsarist Russia in 1905 ⁠ — would connect the BAM with the North American rail system , stimulating trans - continental commerce and incidentally enabling continuous rail travel between London and New York , courtesy of the Channel Tunnel .
With its vast ambition⁠ — and shaky economic justification⁠ — this idea can be viewed as a worthy successor to that of the original Baikal - Amur Magistral construction project .
Petting Zoos and Childhood Goat Trauma
Not surprisingly , petting zoos are where most goat traumas occur .
This is due to the common belief that children like petting zoos .
Most people think of petting zoos as a fun , educational afternoon excusion for the kiddies .
Well , this is not true .
Not by a long shot !
Think about it from the child 's perspective for just a moment .
Many of those animals are taller than the children are .
To make matters worse , the animals have learned that people frequently have food for them and so swarm every human they can in their never - ending attempt to eat .
Some animals are non-violent and not pushy in their hunt for food .
Goats , however , are obnoxious and pushy .
Compound this with the fact that goats eat everything that does n't eat them first and you 'll understand just why so many children suffer goat - related trauma each year .
We at the Childhood Goat Trauma Foundation believe that it is important to keep track of incidents that occur at the nation 's petting zoos .
Please let us know of any trauma you may have experienced or witnessed so that we may update our files and compile a list of dangerous petting zoos .
These are films where the last moments of the film are simply astounding .
If you think there has been an omission , please be sure to mention it in the comments – and link to youtube if you can .
WARNING : This is essentially a list of spoilers – continue at your own risk .
15 . The Asphyx 1973
This is not a hugely well known film but the ending is ultra creepy .
A Victorian scientist and his assistant discover the secret of death : everybody has a kind of personal “ death spirit ” , the “ asphyx ” ; when somebody is about to die , this “ asphyx ” comes in to claim his victim .
If it can be caught at the right moment , immortality follows !
The scientist succeeds in capturing his own asphyx , but when he starts experimenting on his daughter , he accidentally kills her .
The assistant , his daughter ’s fiance , commits suicide ; the scientist , wanting to die with them , tries to set his asphyx free again , but has forgotten the cipher code to the safe in which the spirit is kept .
He is doomed to live forever .
The ending : you see the immortal scientist walking down a 1970s road looking his age ( around 120 - 140 ) – he ca n’t die – but he can age .
To make matters worse , he accidentally walks in front of a car !
I could n’t find the last scene so I have included the trailer .
14 . The Blair Witch Project 1999
You either love it or you hate it – but there is no denying that this is one of the most chilling endings of a horror film ever .
When I first saw it I had the pleasure of not having discovered it was fake and I will admit it – I nearly cried .
You never once see the witch in this film but in this scene her presence is felt with intensity .
13 . Batman Begins 2005
I loved Batman Begins – I think it is the best of the movies , and this last scene was outright awesome !
Just as the great movie comes to a close , we are given a quick taste of what is to come : The Joker !
One of the most famous enemies of Batman .
I do n’t know about you – but I can’t wait !
12 . The Silence of the Lambs 1991
“ I ’m having an old friend for dinner ” – this has to be one of the best ending lines of a movie ever .
You just have to love this film – it is all good and no bad .
11 . Carrie 1976
If you not seen this film , rent it for Halloween – it is one of the great horrors .
In this final scene , we see one of the school companions of Carrie White laying flowers on her grave .
If you have seen this film – you will know why this scene is here – if you have n’t – you will soon !
10 . The Usual Suspects 1995
For two hours , Kevin Spacey ’s spineless Verbal plays helpless lamb being lured to Chazz Palminteri ’s slaughter .
But with the drop of a coffee cup , and the shaking off of a limp , the true identity of a criminal mastermind is revealed .
9. Casablanca 1942
Okay – it is one big cliche , but this is probably the most memorable scene in any movie – it is certainly one of the most quoted .
It has to be on the list .
8. The Godfather
1972
“ Do n’t ask me about my business ! ” – Michael , the otherwise gentle boy in the family becomes Don .
His wife Kay asks him what his “ business ” is and he rebukes her .
This dark ending to one of the greatest films ever made , foreshadows the secrets and horrors to come in the sequel .
I find the very last section of this to be a very moving scene as the upper legions of the family come to pay their respects to the new Don .
It gives me chills !
7. Boogie Nights 1997
“ You ’re a fucking star . ” says Mark Wahlberg as he unexpectedly pulls out his penis in this final scene ( remember , the penis is the focal point of much of the film but it is never shown on screen until this moment ) .
For obvious reasons this scene has been slightly edited ( only via an overlay ) so it is not banned from youtube .
The final scream is not in the film – it was added for humor presumably .
6. Rosemary ’s Baby 1968
This scene is here because it is one of the most annoying scenes I have ever seen in film history !
I just could n’t believe it .
I literally yelled at the screen : “ throw it out the window ! ” – but Mia did n’t listen .
An amazing film from an amazing director .
5. Bonnie and Clyde 1967
This one is not for the faint of heart .
Here we see the last two minutes of Bonnie and Clyde full of unyielding shock and violence .
4. Planet of the Apes 1968
When I first saw this film as a kid I was blown away by this ending – I ended up renting the rest of the movies and the whole set is now one of my prize collections !
This scene comes at the end when the main character realizes that all along he has been on earth in the future – a wonderful twist and an amazing ending .
3. Se7en 1995
It really does n’t get much more dramatic than this .
In the final scene we see the killer ( Kevin Spacey ) set the scene to become his own last victim .
This is one for the moral dilemmas list .
What would you do ?
2. Fight Club 1999
Just when you thought the major twist was a shock , we get another one – bigger than before .
This has to be one of the weirdest “ romantic ” moments in film history .
1. Dr Strangelove 1964
“ Mein Fuhrer ! I can walk ! ” .
This is a masterful ending to a masterful work by Stanley Kubrick .
You just have to love his choice of music .
When the Iraqi government last month demanded the expulsion of Blackwater USA , the private security firm , I had one reaction :
It ’s about time .
As a U.S. official in Baghdad for nearly two years , I was frequently the “ beneficiary ” of Blackwater ’s over - the - top zeal .
“ Just pretend it ’s a roller coaster , ” I used to tell myself during trips through downtown Baghdad .
We would careen around corners , jump road dividers , reach speeds in excess of 100 mph and often cross over to the wrong side of the street , oncoming traffic be damned .
But much more appalling than the ride was the deleterious effect each movement through town had on the already beleaguered people of Iraq .
I began to wonder whether my meetings , intended to further U.S. policy goals and improve the lives of Iraqis , were doing more harm than good .
With our drivers honking at , cutting off , pelting with water bottles ( a favorite tactic ) and menacing with weapons anyone in their way , how many enemies were we creating ?
Advertisement
One particularly infuriating time , I was in the town of Irbil in northern Iraq , being driven to a meeting with a Kurdish political leader .
We were on a narrow stretch of highway with no shoulders and foot - high barriers on both sides .
The lead Suburban in our convoy loomed up behind an old , puttering sedan driven by an older man with a young woman and three children .
As we approached at typical breakneck speed , the Blackwater driver honked furiously and motioned to the side , as if they should pull over .
The kids in the back seat looked back in horror , mouths agape at the sight of the heavily armored Suburbans driven by large , armed men in dark sunglasses .
The poor Iraqi driver frantically searched for a means of escape , but there was none .
So the lead Blackwater vehicle smashed heedlessly into the car , pushing it into the barrier .
We zoomed by too quickly to notice if anyone was hurt .
Until that point I had never mentioned anything to my drivers about their tactics , but this time I could not contain myself .
“ Where do you all expect them to go ? ” I shrieked .
“ It was an old guy and a family , for goodness ’ sake .
Was it necessary for them to destroy their poor old car ? ”
Advertisement
My driver responded impassively : “ Ma’am , we ’ve been trained to view anyone as a potential threat .
You do n’t know who they might use as decoys or what the risks are .
Terrorists could be disguised as anyone . ”
“ Well , if they were n’t terrorists before , they certainly are now ! ” I retorted .
Sulking in my seat , I was stunned by the driver ’s indifference .
The Iraqis with whom I dealt quickly learned to differentiate between the U.S. military and private contractors .
The military has established rules of engagement , plus it is required to pay compensation for damages ( though it is a difficult and bureaucratic process ) .
Blackwater seemed to have no such rules , paid no compensation and , per long - standing Coalition Provisional Authority fiat , had immunity from prosecution under Iraqi law .
As we do the work of bridge building and improving our host citizens ’ lives , if the people providing our transportation and security are antagonizing , angering and even killing the people we are putatively trying to help , our entire mission is undermined .
HPV infection is the leading cause of cervical cancer
A study by the Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) found many teenagers are infected with at least one strain of the human papillomavirus ( HPV ) .
The researchers found the risk of infection is " substantial " by the age of just 14 .
A vaccination programme for girls as young as 12 is set to begin next year .
The plans have attracted criticism by those who claim the programme will encourage promiscuity , but advocates have argued that it is necessary to start early to maximise the impact on public health .
HPV , which is transmitted through sexual contact , is responsible for most cases of cervical cancer , which kills more than 1,000 woman a year in the UK .
The HPA researchers tested blood samples from 1,483 females aged 10 to 29 for signs of HPV infection .
The results , published in the British Journal of Cancer , showed that by the age of 18 around one in five females show signs of infection , and by the age of 24 the figure climbs to around 40 % .
Not compulsory
Professor Pat Troop , HPA chief executive , said : " This study is a valuable addition to our understanding of HPV infection in women in England and should contribute to effective policies to prevent genital warts and cervical cancer .
" With the government 's recent announcement of the possible introduction of HPV vaccination , such research will help us and other public health experts to determine the impact of HPV vaccination . "
The Department of Health , acting on a recommendation from a committee of experts , announced plans in June to start a HPV vaccination programme next year .
It is likely that girls aged 12 to 13 will be offered the vaccine in three doses over a six - month period .
There will be no compulsion .
At present , there are two vaccines designed to be used in a vaccination programme .
Gardasil , made by Merck and Sanofi Pasteur , has already been approved in many countries , while Cervarix , mae by GlaxoSmithKline , is expected to be launched in Europe later this year .
Latest data on Gardasil shows it protects against a total of 14 different strains of HPV , all of which can cause pre-cancerous lesions .
It provides almost complete protection against HPV types 16 and 18 - which together cause 75 % of cervical cancer worldwide .
Sex education
Juliet Hillier , of the sexual health charity Brook , said of the latest research : " Statistics like this demonstrate a real need to improve education and prevention programmes which target young people .
" The government must urgently implement a vaccination programme for girls and boys before they become sexually active and ensure resource is available to do so . "
Norman Wells , from the Family Education Trust , said : " These disturbing figures highlight the failure of sex education programmes which tell children that there is nothing wrong with sex at any age so long as they use a condom . "
The HPA also released a " modelling " study showing that a vaccination programme would be a cost - effective use of NHS resources if the jab protected girls against cervical cancer for at least 20 years .
Its research showed that up to 70 % of cases of cervical cancer and 95 % of cases of genital warts in men and women could be prevented by the jab .
A UK Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) thinktank led by a controversial senior officer has issued some radical predictions for the future .
In its rolling Strategic Trends Programme document , the MoD's Development , Concepts and Doctrine Centre ( DCDC ) seeks to outline the challenges the British forces might face in the period up to 2035 .
The DCDC is led by Rear Admiral Chris Parry , an Oxford history graduate , helicopter observer , and Falklands veteran .
Admiral Parry won some notoriety last year when he told a conference of security professionals that Britain and Europe were threatened by " reverse colonisation " , in which huge waves of migrants would overwhelm the native culture of Western nations .
These migrants , rather than being assimilated like many in the past , would remain connected to their home cultures by the internet and cheap flights , thus taking on the character more of colonials than new citizens .
No specific groups were mentioned , but it 's possible to speculate that the Admiral was referring to Australians and Kiwis .
Indeed , the MoD's Nostradamus went so far as to liken modern - day Blighty to the Roman Empire as it was overwhelmed by the Goths .
In another historical allusion , he suggested that the Barbary corsairs might soon prowl the Mediterranean once again .
" At some time in the next 10 years , it may not be safe to sail a yacht between Gibraltar and Malta , " he said .
Of course , many historians nowadays feel that the Goths were actually nicer than the Romans , and that Western democracy owes more to the relatively chilled - out " barbarians " than it does to the autocrats , tax farmers and slave traders of the Empire .
Admiral Parry is clearly a member of the old school in this regard .
As for safety in the Mediterranean , he may have a point ; modern - day piracy is definitely an increasing problem , and already there are many coasts where only a foolish blue - water yachtsman would stray too close inshore .
That said , the modern European environment of instant communications , radar , fast - moving aircraft , and sizeable ex-Cold War navies looking for employment does n't favour the surface raider .
The North African corsairs of tomorrow will need to be on the top of their game if they plan to operate much beyond their home territorial waters .
Getting on to this year 's predictions , Admiral Parry and his team of military prophets have mostly stuck to fairly well - trodden paths : China , climate change , competition for scarce resources , the burgeoning worldwide urban underclass , cheesed - off Muslims denied their shot at Western affluence – all are laid out as potential problems for the British forces .
But there are some relatively unconventional twists .
The DCDC doom - mongers also see the middle classes as a possible source of strife .
" The middle classes could become a revolutionary class , " says the report .
" The growing gap between themselves and a small number of highly visible super - rich individuals might fuel disillusion with meritocracy , while the growing urban under - classes are likely to pose an increasing threat ...
Faced by these twin challenges , the world 's middle - classes might unite , using access to knowledge , resources and skills to shape transnational processes in their own class interest . "
The report 's authors , of course , are all British military officers : members of the middle classes .
They seem to feel more sympathy with " beleaguered middle classes " than they do with the super - rich or the proletarian rabble .
Admiral Parry and his team seem to be hinting that if the urban mob ever rises up against the super - rich , the fat cats will want to have kept the military middle classes on side - just as the Roman toffs had to .
The Tu -95 pilots exchanged smiles with their US counterparts
Two Tu -95 turboprops flew this week to Guam , home to a big US military base , Russian Maj Gen Pavel Androsov said , a story confirmed by the US .
They " exchanged smiles " with US pilots who scrambled to track them , he added .
The sorties , believed to be the first since the Cold War ended , come as Russia stresses a more assertive foreign policy , correspondents say .
The flight is part of a pattern of more expansive Russian military operations in recent weeks , says BBC diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus .
Old practice
Gen Androsov said the strategic bombers had flown 13 hours from their base in the Russian Far East during the exercise .
We prepared to intercept the bombers but they did not come close enough
Pentagon spokesman
" Yesterday [ Wednesday ] we revived this tradition , and two of our young crews paid a visit to the area of the base of Guam , " he said .
" I think the result was good .
We met our colleagues - fighter jet pilots from [ US ] aircraft carriers .
We exchanged smiles and returned home , " he added .
A spokesman for the Pentagon confirmed that the Tu-95s were spotted heading to Guam , adding that US fighter readied themselves to repel them .
" We prepared to intercept the bombers but they did not come close enough to a US Navy ship or to the island of Guam to warrant an air - to - air intercept , " the spokesman said .
During the Cold War , Soviet bombers regularly flew long - haul missions to areas patrolled by Nato and the US .
The bombers have the capability of launching a nuclear strike with the missiles they carry .
Eating too much grapefruit could increase risks of breast cancer
A study of 50,000 post - menopausal women found eating just a quarter of a grapefruit daily raised the risk by up to 30 % .
The fruit is thought to boost levels of oestrogen - the hormone associated with a higher risk of the disease , the British Journal of Cancer reported .
But the researchers and other experts said more research was still needed .
This is an interesting study , but is simply a piece of the jigsaw that will eventually help us to understand how our diets affect our health
Dr Joanne Lunn
The women had to fill in questionnaires saying how often they ate grapefruit and how big their portions were .
Oestrogen important
The researchers , at the universities of Southern California and Hawaii , found that women who ate one quarter of a grapefruit or more every day had a higher risk of breast cancer than those who did not eat the fruit at all .
Previous studies have shown that a molecule called cytochrome P450 3A4 ( CYP3A4 ) is involved in metabolising oestrogen hormones .
And grapefruit may boost blood oestrogen levels by inhibiting this molecule , allowing the hormones to build up .
The researchers found that in women who ate at least a quarter of a grapefruit daily , levels of oestrogen were higher .
They said : " It is well established that oestrogen is associated with breast cancer risk .
" Therefore , if grapefruit intake affects oestrogen metabolism leading to higher circulating levels , then it is biologically plausible that regular intake of grapefruit would increase a woman 's risk of breast cancer . "
More research
And they said this was the first time a commonly eaten food had been linked to an increased risk of breast cancer in older women .
However , they warned that more research was needed to confirm the findings which may have been affected because they only took into account intake of the fruit , but not grapefruit juice .
Breast cancer accounts for almost a third of all cancers in women , and previous lifestyle factors linked to the disease include drinking alcohol and being overweight .
Dr Joanne Lunn , a nutrition scientist at the British Nutrition Foundation said : " This is an interesting study of a large group of post - menopausal women whose diet and health have been followed for many years .
" However , this study is simply a piece of the jigsaw that will eventually help us to understand how our diets affect our health .
" Although we are beginning to get a better awareness of how our diets can modify the risk of diseases such as cancer , we are still a long way from identifying particular foods that might specifically increase or decrease risk . "
However , she said that some dietary patterns are associated with a reduced risk of certain cancers and that a diet rich in a variety of different fruits and vegetables could help reduce the risk of heart disease and some cancers .
by Unknown
The latest General Social Survey has been released , and it contains a new module on Americans ' beliefs about science .
Other sociobloggers have offered glimpses at these data , and in particular the two questions on heliocentrism .
Omar gives simple frequencies , Jeremy breaks them down by gender , race , political identification , and education .
I was curious about how the numbers stack up by that other hot - button issue , religion , so I did a bit of Friday - afternoon playing myself .
( Gee , I know how to have fun ... )
In each graph , the wording of the question is at the top .
The religious categories are based on self - reported religion , combined with a NORC - coded variable on the degree of fundamentalism of the respondent 's denomination .
For each of the " outcome " questions , I 've combined the " do n't know " and " no answer " respondents , but there are very few of the latter ( i.e. , < 5 ) .
Click on each picture for a bigger view , I hope .
Without further ado ( and with relatively little commentary ) , here are the responses to the two questions on heliocentrism , in concatenated form :
Here are responses to a question on the Big Bang :
And here are responses to a question on the origin of man: Fundamentalists ' beliefs about evolution do n't seem to vary all much by education .
Here are data from the same question , but limited to respondents with at least some college .
( Caution :
Ns get quite small for the smaller religious categories . ) I know one can't make causal claims from these data about the college " effect " or lack thereof .
Nonetheless , I still find all this rather depressing , in a professorial angst , " it 's all selection effects and we have no impact " sort of way . :
After I posted this , it occurred to me that I should look at a less religiously charged scientific knowledge question , e.g. , on the experimental method .
The question asks how best to test a new drug : with or without a control group .
( This is explained in the question . )
Ns are the same as in the other graphs .
Total : 79 % w/ control , 16 % without , 4 % DKFund prot : 76 % w/controlMod prot : 81 % Lib prot : 84 % Catholics : 75 % Jews / lib others : 82 %None : 85 %So , Fundamental Protestants are a bit below the other groups on this form of scientific knowledge , too , but the difference is less extreme .
Labels : public opinion research , Religion , Science
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Australian Prime Minister John Howard is secretly planning to begin withdrawing Australian troops from Iraq by February 2008 , Australian media reported on Sunday .
Australian soldiers at an unknown location in Iraq in a 2005 photo .
Australian Prime Minister John Howard is secretly planning to begin withdrawing Australian troops from Iraq by February 2008 , Australian media reported on Sunday .
REUTERS / Australian Department of Defence / Handout
The Sunday Telegraph , quoting an unnamed senior military source , described Howard ’s withdrawal plan as “ one of the most closely guarded secrets in top levels of the bureaucracy ” .
The Sunday Telegraph said the drawdown of troops would focus on soldiers based in southern Iraq on security duty with Iraqi soldiers .
Australia has about 1,500 soldiers , sailors and airmen in and around Iraq .
Howard , a close ally of President George W. Bush , has been a mainstay of support for the controversial United States military presence in Iraq .
As recently as last week Prime Minister Howard said there were no plans to withdraw Australian troops from Iraq , and has consistently said that Australian troops would remain in Iraq for as long as needed .
A spokesman for Howard on Sunday referred to Howard ’s statement last week and told Reuters that he did not want to give credence to the Sunday Telegraph report .
Howard said last week that his government was not committed to a timetable over Australian troops in Iraq but was committed to an outcome driven by circumstances and events .
His withdrawal plan had yet to be put to U.S. President Bush or to the Australian Cabinet , the Sunday Telegraph said .
U.S. Ambassador to Australia Robert McCallum told Channel 10 ’s Meet the Press program on Sunday that a plan by Opposition leader Kevin Rudd to withdraw Australian troops from Iraq , if he won power in elections to be held later this year , could create tensions between Australia and the United States .
“ The United States is extraordinarily grateful to Australia for its commitments there ( in Iraq ) , ” he said .
“ Whenever one agrees with an ally about any subject , it ’s better than if one disagrees and there ’s always a tension or a stress on a relationship , ” he said .
The tone of the relationship in relation to Iraq would depend on the details , he said .
McCallum praised the role of Australian troops in southern Iraq , even though they are not on combat duty .
Many times , it is in the split second decisions that the fortunes are made or lost .
Storyline :
When I was young , not afraid to be curious and naïve about social status and etiquette , I asked a question to my grandfather .
“ Why is it that all these supposedly very smart ( learned ) people are not as rich as these other folks whom we call Banias ( street merchants ) ? ”
His answer lay in an ancient Indian story .
There were two roommates .
One of them was called Learned and the other one was called Merchant .
Learned was supposed to be very educated because he had read almost every good book in the world , carried credentials from many well known schools , and knew many things about processes and procedures .
In contrast , Merchant was considered from the lower class because he had not read many books , did not even know the names of most of the institutions that Learned had gone to , and was ignorant about processes and procedures .
Early one morning , Laxmi , the Goddess of Wealth , came to the door of these roommates with the intention of blessing one with a great fortune .
Learned was an early riser and opened the door .
Seeing Goddess Laxmi eagerly waiting to bless someone , Learned told her , " Please wait , let me wash my face and brush my teeth before I take your blessings on my forehead . ”
Learned was only following instructions as it pertained to the local code of conduct .
Learned rushed into the bathroom to wash his face .
While this was going on , Merchant woke up and went to the door .
Seeing Goddess Laxmi , eager to bless somebody , Merchant wasted no time in putting his head forward and asked for her blessings .
He decided that he would have the rest of his life to wash his face and brush his teeth , but knew that he might never see Laxmi again .
When Learned returned from the bathroom , Laxmi was gone .
Merchant was the one blessed with fortune and good luck .
" And that ’s why Bania ’s ( Merchants ) are richer than the Learned people , " said my grandpa as he finished the story .
Reflection :
The difference between a successful person and an unsuccessful person , between a successful business and an unsuccessful business , is not in the lack of ideas or opportunities , but in the lack of timely action .
Recognize when an opportunity is knocking at your door and quickly act upon it .
Marines For 9/11 Truth
http://myspace.com/marinesfor911truth
I 'll be introducing Marines For 9/11 Truth on Deadline Live with Jack Blood today .
Johnny Wave and Andrew on Truth Revolution Radio May 18 2007
Johnny Wave on Truth Revolution Radio May 14 2007
Johnny Wave USMC
9/11 Truthers ,
First off , thank you all , for what I learned of each person 's bold responsibilities they have taken for this movement .
I have nothing but gratitude for everyone .
May 11th was a great beginning for me , and I look forward to much more .
It was great to experience a team that held my back while service member after service member tried their best to attack us .
Each person who approached with negativity was ushered away by facts , and personal responsibilities .
I 've never actually been so proud of a group of people I had never met .
I purposely pushed the envelope by wearing my uniform , knowing that I was still under contract of the Marine Corps ' IRR .
But it was a statement that had to be made , and I look forward to making it again .
Something that I wanted you all to know is the reactions I recieved from every astonished service member after they calmed down .
The first person to walk up and tell me this movement would leave a black mark on my life , later admitted that he agreed with more of our beliefs than he could admit .
( Air Force Officer )
The second Marine simply told me " you ca n't do this yet . " ... yet .
The third Marine took my number and later called me with two other Marine Corps Officers to inform me that I was facing a dishonorable discharge , but also saying that I was an outstanding individual and more people needed to voice their opinions to stop this war .
The fourth Lt. Col. actually gave me ideas to continue this march after three 9/11 Truthers jumped down his throat in protection of our 1st Amendment .
Everyone did an outstanding job !
Thank you very much .
I 'll see you all soon ,
Johnny Wave
Andrew
Having served 4 years active duty from 2003 - 2007 in the Marine Corp and currently serving the rest of my 8 year contract in the inactive ready reserve I 'm shocked at how suprised other 9 - 11 truthers are to see USMC Iraq and Afghanistan veterans join their ranks wielding swords of truth in this battle for our republic .
After raising my right hand and taking an oath to defend the constitution of the United States how can I turn my back on my country now at such a critical time ?
I 've been sent to Afghanistan in search of enemies foreign , only to return home and locate some enemys domestic .
In a despicable attempt to paralyze the nation with fear in order to advance their one world government it's now obvious that the globalists plan has backfired on them .
There has been and continues to be a mass awakening among the people , the enemy 's propaganda machine has been decapitated by dedicated patriots in the trenches of the infowar , and the real terrorists tactic of divide and conquer has been shattered by scholars , firefighters , celebrities , survivors and victims families of 9 - 11 , and citizens of all socio- economic , ethnic , and religious backgrounds coming together and combining their efforts to expose the true culprits of the 9 - 11 total inside job .
The new world order will be defeated .
God bless America .
- AndreW ---
The Eleventh Day of Every Month
' View ' War of Words Prompts Question : What Can Americans Say About the War ?
" View " creator Barbara Walters denied rumors that the debate was about ratings .
May 24 , 2007  --
After the explosive debate between Rosie O'Donnell and Elisabeth Hasselbeck that rocked " The View " Wednesday , Barbara Walters , the show 's creator and co-executive producer , declared peace and shot down any speculation that the argument was fabricated for ratings .
" Welcome to ' The View ' … so Aunt Barbara is back and there will be peace in the kingdom , " Walters said in an exclusive statement to ABCNEWS.com Thursday .
" Rosie O'Donnell is off today :
It is her partner Kelly 's birthday , so Rosie asked to have the day off . "
" It 's a hot weekend , so everybody can cool off , " Walters continued .
" And for those who think , let us say , the interesting day , was planned for ratings -- that 's just absurd .
The highest ratings we 've had for ' The View ' this whole year were in February , when there were no feuds . "
Fans of the ABC TV talk show got more than the usual chat and gossip Wednesday when a long - running debate between co-hosts O'Donnell and Hasselbeck about the war in Iraq erupted into a war of words .
The political sparring match turned personal , sparking a larger debate about what Americans can and cannot say about the war .
Wednesday 's heated debate was the culmination of a fight that started on " The View " last week , when O'Donnell said , " 655,000 Iraqi civilians have died .
Who are the terrorists ? "
Conservative critics said O'Donnell was calling U.S. troops terrorists .
Wednesday , Hasselbeck said O'Donnell should clarify her statement .
" I asked you if you believed what the Republican pundits were saying , " O'Donnell said to Hasselbeck .
" Did I say yes ? " Hasselbeck replied .
" You said nothing and that 's cowardly , " O'Donnell shot back .
" No , no , no .
Do not call me a coward because I sit here every single day , open my heart and tell people exactly what I believe , " Hasselbeck shouted .
" So do I , " retorted O'Donnell .
Who Can Say What ?
" The View " showdown is the latest example of how difficult it is to strike a balance between criticizing the war and supporting the troops .
" There are no clear lines about how far you can go in criticizing government during times of war , " said David Gergen , director of Harvard University 's Center for Public Leadership .
" But there are customs .
One custom is you can criticize a president , you can also criticize the generals but you can't criticize the troops . "
In the presidential race , both Sens. John McCain , R - Ariz . , and Barack Obama , D - Ill. , had to backtrack after saying the lives of soldiers were " wasted " in Iraq .
" Unlike the war in Vietnam , the military is still very well regarded , so policymakers have to thread the needle on that one , " said Andrew Kohut , president of the Pew Research Center .
In every war , there 's conflict between hawks and doves .
O'Donnell and Hasselbeck 's fight harkens back to a Vietnam - era exchange between liberal Gore Vidal and conservative William Buckley .
" The only sort of pro-war crypto Nazi that I can think of is yourself , " Vidal said to Buckley .
" Let 's not call names .
Now listen you queer , stop calling me a crypto Nazi or I 'll sock you in the God ***** face and you 'll stay plastered , " Buckley famously shot back .
In Wednesday 's exchange , there were no threats of violence , but both hosts seemed on the verge of tears , and the audience seemed incredibly uncomfortable .
" Every time I defend them , Elisabeth , it 's poor little Elisabeth that I 'm picking on , " O'Donnell said .
" You know what ?
Poor little Elisabeth is not poor little Elisabeth , " Hasselbeck shot back .
" That 's right .
That 's why I 'm not going to fight with you anymore because it 's absurd , " O'Donnell said as the debate wound down .
Co-host Joy Behar called for a commercial break and the audience broke into applause .
Training police and army is a key part of the US strategy in Iraq
The programme was run by a private US company , DynCorp .
It insists there has been no intentional fraud .
Auditors have stopped trying to audit the programme because all the documents are in disarray and the government is trying to retrieve some of the money .
Training Iraqis to take over security is a key part of US strategy .
Correspondents say this case is the latest to highlight problems linked to private companies being awarded lucrative government contracts in Iraq .
Olympic pool and VIP trailers
The US government audit , due to be released in Washington , says the state department cannot say " specifically what it received " for most of the money paid to DynCorp , the largest single contractor to the department .
DynCorp had won a contract to provide housing , food , weapons and specialist training for Iraq 's police force in February 2004 .
This scenario is far too frequent across the federal government
Senator Joe Lieberman
But some of its spending included the acquisition of a $ 1.8 m X - ray scanner that was never used , and the $ 4 m purchase of 20 VIP trailers and an Olympic - size swimming pool with money intended to fund an Iraqi police compound .
Stuart Bowen Jr , the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction ( SIGIR ) , blamed the problems on long - standing contract administration problems within the state department office that awarded the contract .
He said " lack of controls " and " serious contract management issues " within the Bureau for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs ( INL ) made it " vulnerable to waste and fraud " .
Senator Joe Lieberman , chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs , said it could take the state department up to five years to review invoices and demand repayment from DynCorp for unjustified expenses .
" This scenario is far too frequent across the federal government , " he said .
DynCorp had been asked to improve its management of government - owned equipment in Iraq twice before .
According to the Athens Banner - Herald , the city of Pendergrass , Georgia took in about $ 558,020 in fines in 2006 — enough to pay the police department ’s $ 312,636 budget in 2006 and then some .
That ’s quite a profit for any town , but it ’s even more amazing when you consider that Pendergrass only has 491 residents .
If you do the math that ’s a bill of $ 1,136 per resident !
That figure is by far the biggest in the state .
Either people spontaneously become much more dangerous drivers on Pendergrass ’s one - mile stretch of highway or the city is trying to pad its budget by ticketing as many drivers as possible .
The city can claim that it ’s all about safety , but the numbers just do n’t add up .
Pendergrass takes in nearly five - times the revenue per resident collected by the town with the next highest police - revenue - per - resident numbers .
So why do n’t the residents revolt ?
The answer is simple .
They ’re not the people getting the tickets .
Because they live in the town and know the areas where the police carry out their strict enforcement , they ’re largely immune to the fines being given out and receive the benefit of an increased town budget at no cost to them .
Unfortunately , out - of - state drivers and people unfamiliar with the area do n’t have that luxury and find themselves paying for additional Pendergrass police resources .
More police resources means more tickets .
And more tickets means more revenue for the city .
It ’s a vicious cycle that can only be stopped through speed trap legislation .
If you ’re a Georgia resident , contact your legislators and let them know that it ’s not right to value revenue over safety .
Burning down the birthplace of the holy union between Courteney Cox to David Arquette ?
Dear God , no .
Last night a little before midnight , Paul David Addis was arrested outside of Grace Cathedral , suspected of trying to burn down the historic church down .
It seems that his neighbor called the police last night after overhearing him say something to the effect of " the cathedral was n’t going to be there anymore . "
Yikes .
Luckily , an officer found him walking on California Street near the cathedral , with a backpack full of " fireworks inside ... and other things " leading SFPD officer Jim McGrath to believe that he was up to no good .
He was booked and thrown into the county clink this morning , according tho Bay City News .
UPDATE : according to the Chronicle , it seems that the guy who tried setting little ol ' Gracie flame last night is none other that Paul David Addis .
Yes , the same gent who prematurely torched " the man " at Burning Man earlier this year .
Whoa , is right .
Gabriele Sandri's death has angered many in Italy
Police had said Sunday 's shooting of Gabriele Sandri , 26 , by the officer was a " tragic accident " .
There had been expectations he could face a manslaughter case but the policeman 's lawyer said on Thursday a murder charge was being prepared .
Mr Sandri's death sparked widespread fan riots across Italy which left 40 policemen injured .
Mr Sandri , a disc jockey , was hit by a bullet in the neck in the Tuscan city of Arezzo as he sat in a car while police tried to stop fighting between Lazio and Juventus followers .
' Unforgivable act '
The policeman , named in the Italian media as Luigi Spaccarotella , has said his gun went off as he ran to stop a brawl between rival supporters .
He told the newspaper Corriere della Sera earlier this week that he fired his pistol by accident more than 200 m ( 660 ft ) away from Mr Sandri .
His lawyer Francesco Molino vowed to robustly defend any criminal charges .
But chief prosecutor of the Arezzo jurisdiction Ennio Di Cicco was quoted by La Gazzetta dello Sporto as saying : " This traffic policeman fired the shot at the height of a human being , that is a certified fact .
" We do n't know the motives but whatever they are it's an unforgivable act . "
The latest development came a day after hundreds of people , including rival fans , attended the funeral of Mr Sandri in Rome .
In April , the government introduced a law designed to stamp out football hooliganism following the death of a policeman in rioting at a match in Sicily in February .
DIGG THIS
Published to cricket - chirping silence in the Federal Register on April 13 , 2007 was a rule proposed by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) to govern the manufacture , transport , and distribution of explosives .
The Alice - in - Wonderland aspect is that the rule includes small arms ammunition and reloading components like smokeless propellant and small arms primers in its definition of u201 Cexplosives .
u201D
If the rule were implemented as written , it would effectively eliminate the manufacture , transport , wholesaling and retailing of ammunition in the United States .
You read that correctly .
For years anti-private - gun - ownership zealots have wished that another head of the federal regulatory hydra , the Consumer Product Safety Commission , would u201 Cban gunsu201D as articles too dangerous for mere civilian mortals to handle or own .
Apparently they are getting their wish , instead , from OSHA under the notion that firearm ammunition cartridges are so unstable and explosive that anyone storing or selling them would have to insure ( by search if necessary ) that no one carrying matches , a lighter , or any other source of flame or sparks approached within 50 feet in all directions .
This is but one of several requirements that would make it impossible to make or sell ammunition .
The proposed rule asks for comments , including specifically whether small arms ammunition and components should be included in the new rules with dynamite , TNT , ammonium nitrate , and other blasting agents .
Despite this request , one has to wonder if the persons writing these rules are intentionally proposing a backdoor ammunition ban or are as disconnected from reality as is our current President , who we may recall was amazed and astounded when he first saw a barcode scanner at a supermarket checkout line a few years ago .
Anyone who shoots firearms or , especially , reloads firearm ammunition knows that ammunition and its components are not remotely similar to explosives .
Ammunition cartridges are practically impossible to set off without basically crushing them with a hammer or cooking them at a relatively high temperature .
Even then , cartridges that are so " cooked " do n’t fire the bullet or " explode ; ’ the brass cartridge case simply ruptures .
The proposed rule would have us believe that shoppers at Wal - mart routinely set off chain - reaction explosions at the gun counter through negligent use of their Zippos , and that UPS trucks carrying ammunition are blowing up on every highway overpass , killing their drivers .
Even in the very rare event that ammunition or its components are involved in a fire , explosions are virtually unknown .
These components burn quite well , but only primers are explosive and even then it would require quite a quantity of them to constitute a significant concern .
Given the rarity of such events , a sweeping change to the legal constraints on their manufacture and trade is sheer lunacy .
In light of the gravity of this proposal , one might have expected it to be newsworthy in the Main Stream Media … but of course this is false .
If a rule proposing to ban Gays and Lesbians from residences within 1000 feet of a school were proposed in some obscure publication there ’d be headlines for weeks , but not when it comes to anything that would effectively starve guns of ammo .
The rule , if adopted , would likely cripple the provision of ammunition to the Department of Defense as well as to police organizations , so there ’s a good chance that changes will be made .
It is not difficult to imagine , however , that exceptions could be made leaving private citizens to bear the full effects of the rule .
Examples abound of regulatory bureaucrats dumping horrid " laws " on citizens while spineless legislators wring their hands in anguish , frozen in their impotence .
In Illinois you can get a $ 375 fine for going over 45 MPH in a construction zone even if no workers are present , and while legislators have publicly cried that they did n’t intend for this magnified fine to apply at such times , there is no move to " fix " it .
The National Shooting Sports Foundation , an industry trade group , has a very nice discussion of the rule and a model letter for submission should one believe petitioning unelected regulatory bureaucrats is the role of a good citizen .
Unless extended , the comment period closes on July 12 !
Here , immediately after the songs and the fireworks and the platitudinous speeches of Independence Day , is great time to be reminded that our national government , powerful enough to give some people everything they want , is more than powerful enough to strip us of everything we have .
As long as our friends and neighbors retain their faith in the Church of Federal Omniscience , nameless and faceless Civil " Servants " will continue to propose stripping us of what few liberties we retain .
Let the sheeple sing !
" … and I ’m proud to be an American ’ cause at least I know I ’m free . "
July 6 , 2007
David Calderwood [ send him mail ] a businessman , artist , and author of the novel Revolutionary Language , selected January 2000 Freedom Book of the Month at Free - market .
net .
The Best of David Calderwood
Unscheduled speaker crashes DC anti-war protest Mike Aivaz and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday September 17 , 2007
Print This Email This During Saturday 's anti-war rally in Washington , DC , a counter - demonstrator made his way onto the stage at one point , saying , " I 'm not scheduled to speak today , but I do want to bring a different point . "
The crowd listened attentively as he began , " I stand before you with respect for your convictions , " but the moment he announced , " I'm a conservative , " the microphone was shut off amid a chorus of boos .
The boos , however , quickly changed to chants of " Let him speak , let him speak , " and after some discussion onstage , the microphone was turned back on .
" All I 'm about is protecting our soldiers , alright ? " said the counter - demonstrator .
" Now , all of you believe war is bad , but unfortunately , sometimes that bad is the best American defense .
There is an enemy at our doorstep that wants us dead , and they will do everything that they can in their power ... "
When the crowd heard those over - familiar arguments , the boos broke out again , more loudly , cutting off the speaker .
Then Reverend Lennox Yearwood of the Hip - Hop Caucus -- who was injured in an altercation with Capitol police last week when he tried to get into the Petraeus hearing -- hobbled up on crutches .
Yearwood put his arm over the shoulder of the counter - demonstrator , who put an arm around him in return .
" This is awesome , " Yearwood stated .
" This is what democracy looks like .
...
We might not agree on philosophy , but I 'll be damned if I kill this man .
Because Iraqis do n't agree with you , we drop bombs on Baghdad .
This is what we 're fighting for .
We 're fighting for democracy , that you 're conservative or liberal , Republican or Democrat , black or white .
It 's about Power to the People ! ...
Stop this war ! "
The following video is from C - SPAN's DC World Can't Wait Protest Rally Washington D.C. SEPT 15 , broadcast on September 16 , 2007
Kucinich Considering Impeachment Resolution Against President Bush .
Sunday , October 21st held in Sierra Madre , California .
The discussion about Impeaching President Bush is in the middle of this video clip .
Washington , D.C. - Both the full House of Representatives and the Senate Judiciary Committee voted Thursday to keep telecommunications companies on the hook for their role in illegal government spying on millions of ordinary Americans -- at least for now .
The bills each make changes to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
But , despite veto threats from the White House , neither of the two bills give blanket amnesty to telecoms that took part in the massive warrantless domestic surveillance program .
Both bills would allow dozens of lawsuits against the telecoms to proceed , thus allowing federal courts to rule on whether dragnet domestic surveillance documented is legal .
The Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) represents the plaintiffs in Hepting v. AT&T , the first class - action lawsuit accusing the telecom giant of violating the law and the privacy of its customers by collaborating with the National Security Agency ( NSA ) in dragnet government spying on millions of Americans .
While the Senate Judiciary Committee bill as written does not affect this and other lawsuits over the Administration 's warrantless surveillance , provisions that allow the cases to proceed while also affording the companies some form of limited liability relief could well be added back into the bill when it is debated on the Senate floor .
A conference committee will then meet to reconcile the House and Senate versions .
" We are pleased that the House and a majority of the Judiciary Committee 's members have signaled that they want Americans to have their day in court , " said EFF Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston .
" The fight is n't over yet , however .
We look forward to working with Senators Leahy , Specter , and Feingold and other lawmakers in both chambers of Congress to make sure that the bill eventually sent to the president allows the people 's lawsuits to go forward . "
For more on Hepting v. AT&T and telecom immunity :
http://www.eff.org/nsa
Contacts :
Kevin Bankston
Staff Attorney
Electronic Frontier Foundation
bankston@eff.org
Cindy Cohn
Legal Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
cindy@eff.org
WHEN
Times editors assigned me to the religion beat , I believed God had answered my prayers .
As a serious Christian , I had cringed at some of the coverage in the mainstream media .
Faith frequently was treated like a circus , even a freak show .
I wanted to report objectively and respectfully about how belief shapes people ’s lives .
Along the way , I believed , my own faith would grow deeper and sturdier .
But during the eight years I covered religion , something very different happened .
Advertisement
In 1989 , a friend took me to Mariners Church , then in Newport Beach , after saying : “ You need God .
That ’s what ’s missing in your life . ”
At the time , I was 28 and my first son was less than a year old .
I had managed to nearly ruin my marriage ( the second one ) and did n’t think I ’d do much better as a father .
I was profoundly lost .
The mega -church ’s pastor , Kenton Beshore , had a knack for making Scripture accessible and relevant .
For someone who had n’t studied the Bible much , these talks fed a hunger in my soul .
The secrets to living well had been there all along -- in “ Life ’s Instruction Manual , ” as some Christians nicknamed the Bible .
Some friends in a Bible study class encouraged me to attend a men ’s religious weekend in the San Bernardino Mountains .
The three - day retreats are designed to grind down your defenses and leave you emotionally raw -- an easier state in which to connect with God .
After 36 hours of prayer , singing , Bible study , intimate sharing and little sleep , I felt filled with the Holy Spirit .
At the climactic service Sunday , Mike Barris , a pastor - to - be , delivered an old - fashioned altar call .
He said we needed to let Jesus into our hearts .
Advertisement
With my eyes closed in prayer , I saw my heart slowly opening in two and then being infused with a warm , glowing light .
A tingle spread across my chest .
This , I thought , was what it was to be born again .
The pastor asked those who wanted to accept Jesus to raise their hands .
My hand pretty much levitated on its own .
My new friends in Christ , many of whom I had first met Friday , gave me hugs and slaps on the back .
I began praying each morning and night .
During those quiet times , I mostly listened for God ’s voice .
And I thought I sensed a plan he had for me :
To write about religion for The Times and bring light into the newsroom , if only by my stories and example .
My desire to be a religion reporter grew as I read stories about faith in the mainstream media .
Spiritual people often appeared as nuts or simpletons .
Advertisement
In one of the most famous examples , the Washington Post ran a news story in 1993 that referred to evangelical Christians as “ largely poor , uneducated and easy to command . ”
Another maddening trend was that homosexuality and abortion debates dominated media coverage , as if those where the only topics that mattered to Christians .
I did n’t just pray for a religion writing job ; I lobbied hard .
In one meeting with editors , my pitch went something like this :
“ What if I told you that you have an institution in Orange County that draws more than 15,000 people a weekend and that you have n’t written much about ? ”
Advertisement
They said they could n’t imagine such a thing .
“ Saddleback Church in Lake Forest draws that type of crowd . ”
It took several years and numerous memos and e-mails , but editors finally agreed in 1998 to let me write “ Getting Religion , ” a weekly column about faith in Orange County .
I felt like all the tumblers of my life had clicked .
I had a strong marriage , great kids and a new column .
I attributed it all to God ’s grace .
Advertisement
First as a columnist and then as a reporter , I never had a shortage of topics .
I wrote about an elderly church organist who became a spiritual mentor to the man who tried to rape , rob and kill her .
About the Orthodox Jewish mother who developed a line of modest clothing for Barbie dolls .
About the hardy group of Mormons who rode covered wagons 800 miles from Salt Lake City to San Bernardino , replicating their ancestors ’ journey to Southern California .
Meanwhile , Roman Catholicism , with its low - key evangelism and deep ritual , increasingly appealed to me .
I loved its long history and loving embrace of liberals and conservatives , immigrants and the established , the rich and poor .
My wife was raised in the Catholic Church and had wanted me to join for years .
I signed up for yearlong conversion classes at a Newport Beach parish that would end with an Easter eve ceremony ushering newcomers into the church .
By then I had been on the religion beat for three years .
I could n’t wait to get to work each day or , on Sunday , to church .
Advertisement
IN 2001 , about six months before the Catholic clergy sex scandal broke nationwide , the dioceses of Orange and Los Angeles paid a record $ 5.2 million to a law student who said he had been molested , as a student at Santa Margarita High School in Rancho Santa Margarita , by his principal , Msgr. Michael Harris .
Without admitting guilt , Harris agreed to leave the priesthood .
As part of the settlement , the dioceses also were forced to radically change how they handled sexual abuse allegations , including a promise to kick out any priest with a credible molestation allegation in his past .
It emerged that both dioceses had many known molesters on duty .
Los Angeles had two convicted pedophiles still working as priests .
While reporting the Harris story , I learned -- from court records and interviews -- the lengths to which the church went to protect the priest .
When Harris took an abrupt leave of absence as principal at Santa Margarita in January 1994 , he issued a statement saying it was because of “ stress . ”
He resigned a month later .
His superiors did n’t tell parents or students the real reason for his absence : Harris had been accused of molesting a student while he was principal at Mater Dei High School in Santa Ana from 1977 to 1979 ; church officials possessed a note from Harris that appeared to be a confession ; and they were sending him to a treatment center .
Advertisement
In September 1994 , a second former student stepped forward , this time publicly , and filed a lawsuit .
In response , parents and students held a rally for Harris at the school , singing , “ For He ’s a Jolly Good Fellow . ”
An airplane towed a banner overhead that read “ We Love Father Harris . ”
By this time , church leaders possessed a psychological report in which Catholic psychiatrists diagnosed Harris as having an attraction to adolescents and concluded that he likely had molested multiple boys .
( Harris , who has denied the allegations , now stands accused of molesting 12 boys , according to church records . )
But they did n’t step forward to set the record straight .
Instead , a diocesan spokesman called Harris an “ icon of the priesthood . ”
Harris ’ top defense attorney , John Barnett , lashed out at the priest ’s accusers in the media , calling them “ sick individuals . ”
Again , church leaders remained silent as the alleged victims were savaged .
Some of the diocese ’s top priests -- including the cleric in charge of investigating the accusations -- threw a going - away party for Harris .
At the time , I never imagined Catholic leaders would engage in a widespread practice that protected alleged child molesters and belittled the victims .
I latched onto the explanation that was least damaging to my belief in the Catholic Church -- that this was an isolated case of a morally corrupt administration .
Advertisement
And I was comforted by the advice of a Catholic friend : “ Keep your eyes on the person nailed to the cross , not the priests behind the altar . ”
IN late 2001 , I traveled to Salt Lake City to attend a conference of former Mormons .
These people lived mostly in the Mormon Jell - O belt -- Utah , Idaho , Arizona -- so -named because of the plates of Jell - O that inevitably appear at Mormon gatherings .
They found themselves ostracized in their neighborhoods , schools and careers .
Often , they were dead to their own families .
“ If Mormons associate with you , they think they will somehow become contaminated and lose their faith too , ” Suzy Colver told me .
“ It ’s almost as if people who leave the church do n’t exist . ”
Advertisement
The people at the conference were an eclectic bunch : novelists and stay - at - home moms , entrepreneurs and cartoonists , sex addicts and alcoholics .
Some were depressed , others angry , and a few had successfully moved on .
But they shared a common thread :
They wanted to be honest about their lack of faith and still be loved .
In most pockets of Mormon culture , that was n’t going to happen .
Part of what drew me to Christianity were the radical teachings of Jesus -- to love your enemy , to protect the vulnerable and to lovingly bring lost sheep back into the fold .
As I reported the story , I wondered how faithful Mormons -- many of whom rigorously follow other biblical commands such as giving 10 % of their income to the church -- could miss so badly on one of Jesus ’ primary lessons ?
Advertisement
As part of the Christian family , I felt shame for my religion .
But I still compartmentalized it as an aberration -- the result of sinful behavior that infects even the church .
IN early 2002 , I was assigned to work on the Catholic sex scandal story as it erupted across the nation .
I also continued to attend Sunday Mass and conversion classes on Sunday mornings and Tuesday nights .
Father Vincent Gilmore -- the young , intellectually sharp priest teaching the class -- spoke about the sex scandal and warned us Catholics - to - be not to be poisoned by a relatively few bad clerics .
Otherwise , we ’d be committing “ spiritual suicide . ”
As I began my reporting , I kept that in mind .
I also thought that the victims -- people usually in their 30s , 40s and up -- should have just gotten over what had happened to them decades before .
To me , many of them were needlessly stuck in the past .
Advertisement
But then I began going over the documents .
And interviewing the victims , scores of them .
I discovered that the term “ sexual abuse ” is a euphemism .
Most of these children were raped and sodomized by someone they and their family believed was Christ ’s representative on Earth .
That ’s not something an 8 - year - old ’s mind can process ; it forever warps a person ’s sexuality and spirituality .
Many of these victims were molested by priests with a history of abusing children .
But the bishops routinely sent these clerics to another parish , and bullied or conned the victims and their families into silence .
The police were almost never called .
In at least a few instances , bishops encouraged molesting priests to flee the country to escape prosecution .
I could n’t get the victims ’ stories or the bishops ’ lies -- many of them right there on their own stationery -- out of my head .
I had been in journalism more than two decades and had dealt with murders , rapes , other violent crimes and tragedies .
But this was different -- the children were so innocent , their parents so faithful , the priests so sick and bishops so corrupt .
The lifeline Father Vincent had tried to give me began to slip from my hands .
Advertisement
I sought solace in another belief : that a church ’s heart is in the pews , not the pulpits .
Certainly the people who were reading my stories would recoil and , in the end , recapture God ’s house .
Instead , I saw parishioners reflexively support priests who had molested children by writing glowing letters to bishops and judges , offering them jobs or even raising their bail while cursing the victims , often to their faces .
On a Sunday morning at a parish in Rancho Santa Margarita , I watched congregants lobby to name their new parish hall after their longtime pastor , who had admitted to molesting a boy and who had been barred that day from the ministry .
I felt sick to my stomach that the people of God wanted to honor an admitted child molester .
Only one person in the crowd , an Orange County sheriff ’s deputy , spoke out for the victim .
On Good Friday 2002 , I decided I could n’t belong to the Catholic Church .
Though I had spent a year preparing for it , I did n’t go through with the rite of conversion .
I understood that I was witnessing the failure of humans , not God .
But in a way , that was the point .
I did n’t see these institutions drenched in God ’s spirit .
Should n’t religious organizations , if they were God-inspired and - driven , reflect higher standards than government , corporations and other groups in society ?
Advertisement
I found an excuse to skip services that Easter .
For the next few months , I attended church only sporadically .
Then I stopped going altogether .
SOME of the nation ’s most powerful pastors -- including Billy Graham , Robert H. Schuller and Greg Laurie -- appear on the Trinity Broadcasting Network , benefiting from TBN ’s worldwide reach while looking past the network ’s reliance on the “ prosperity gospel ” to fuel its growth .
TBN ’s creed is that if viewers send money to the network , God will repay them with great riches and good health .
Even people deeply in debt are encouraged to put donations on credit cards .
“ If you have been healed or saved or blessed through TBN and have not contributed ... you are robbing God and will lose your reward in heaven , ” Paul Crouch , co-founder of the Orange County - based network , once told viewers .
Meanwhile , Crouch and his wife , Jan , live like tycoons .
Advertisement
I began looking into TBN after receiving some e-mails from former devotees of the network .
Those people had given money to the network in hopes of getting a financial windfall from God .
That did n’t work .
By then , I started to believe that God was calling me , as he did St. Francis of Assisi , to “ rebuild his church ” -- not in some grand way that would lead to sainthood but by simply reporting on corruption within the church body .
I spent several years investigating TBN and pored through stacks of documents -- some made available by appalled employees -- showing the Crouches eating $ 180 - per- person meals ; flying in a $ 21 - million corporate jet ; having access to 30 TBN - owned homes across the country , among them a pair of Newport Beach mansions and a ranch in Texas .
All paid for with tax - free donor money .
One of the stars of TBN and a major fundraiser is the self - proclaimed faith healer Benny Hinn .
I attended one of his two - day “ Miracle Crusades ” at what was then the Pond of Anaheim .
The arena was packed with sick people looking for a cure .
Advertisement
My heart broke for the hundreds of people around me in wheelchairs or in the final stages of terminal diseases , believing that if God deemed their faith strong enough , they would be healed that night .
Hinn tells his audiences that a generous cash gift to his ministry will be seen by God as a sign of true faith .
This has worked well for the televangelist , who lives in an oceanfront mansion in Dana Point , drives luxury cars , flies in private jets and stays in the best hotels .
At the crusade , I met Jordie Gibson , 21 , who had flown from Calgary , Canada , to Anaheim because he believed that God , through Hinn , could get his kidneys to work again .
He was thrilled to tell me that he had stopped getting dialysis because Hinn had said people are cured only when they “ step out in faith . ”
The decision enraged his doctors , but made perfect sense to Gibson .
Despite risking his life as a show of faith , he was n’t cured in Anaheim .
He returned to Canada and went back on dialysis .
The crowd was filled with desperate believers like Gibson .
Advertisement
I tried unsuccessfully to get several prominent mainstream pastors who appeared on TBN to comment on the prosperity gospel , Hinn ’s “ faith healing ” or the Crouches ’ lifestyle .
Like the Catholic bishops , I assumed , they did n’t want to risk what they had .
AS the stories piled up , I began to pray with renewed vigor , but it felt like I was n’t connecting to God .
I started to feel silly even trying .
I read accounts of St. John of the Cross and his “ dark night of the soul , ” a time he believed God was testing him by seemingly withdrawing from his life .
Maybe this was my test .
Advertisement
I met with my former Presbyterian pastor , John Huffman , and told him what I was feeling .
I asked him if I could e-mail him some tough questions about Christianity and faith and get his answers .
He agreed without hesitation .
The questions that I thought I had come to peace with started to bubble up again .
Why do bad things happen to good people ?
Why does God get credit for answered prayers but no blame for unanswered ones ?
Why do we believe in the miraculous healing power of God when he ’s never been able to regenerate a limb or heal a severed spinal chord ?
In one e-mail , I asked John , who had lost a daughter to cancer , why an atheist businessman prospers and the child of devout Christian parents dies .
Why would a loving God make this impossible for us to understand ?
He sent back a long reply that concluded :
Advertisement
“ My ultimate affirmation is let God be God and acknowledge that He is in charge .
He knows what I do n’t know .
And frankly , if I ’m totally honest with you , a life of gratitude is one that bows before the Sovereign God arguing with Him on those things that trouble me , lamenting the losses of life , but ultimately saying , ‘ You , God , are infinite ; I ’m human and finite . ’ ”
John is an excellent pastor , but he could n’t reach me .
For some time , I had tried to push away doubts and reconcile an all - powerful and infinitely loving God with what I saw , but I was losing ground .
I wondered if my born - again experience at the mountain retreat was more about fatigue , spiritual longing and emotional vulnerability than being touched by Jesus .
And I considered another possibility : Maybe God did n’t exist .
TOWARD the end of my tenure as a religion reporter , I traveled to Nome , Alaska .
Sitting in a tiny visitor ’s room , I studied the sad , round face of the Eskimo in front of me and tried to imagine how much he hated being confined to jail .
Advertisement
Peter “ Packy ” Kobuk was from a remote village on St. Michael Island in western Alaska .
There natives lived , in many ways , just as their ancestors did 10,000 years ago .
Smells of the outdoor life hung heavy in his village : the salt air , the strips of salmon drying on racks , the seaweed washed up on the beach .
But for now , Packy could smell only the disinfectants used to scrub the concrete floors at the Anvil Mountain Correction Center .
Unfortunately , alcohol and a violent temper had put Packy there many times in his 46 years .
For his latest assault , he was serving three months .
The short , powerfully built man folded his calloused hands on the table .
I was surprised to see a homemade rosary hanging from his neck , the blue beads held together by string from a fishing net .
I had come from Southern California to report on a generation of Eskimo boys who had been molested by a Catholic missionary .
All of the now - grown Eskimos I had interviewed over the past week had lost their faith .
In fact , several of them confessed that they fantasized daily about burning down the village church , where the unspeakable acts took place .
Advertisement
But there was Packy with his rosary .
“ Why do you still believe ? ” I asked .
“ It ’s not God ’s work what happened to me , ” he said softly , running his fingers along the beads .
“ They were breaking God ’s commandments -- even the people who did n’t help .
They were n’t loving their neighbors as themselves . ”
He said he regularly got down on his knees in his jail cell to pray .
Advertisement
“ A lot of people make fun of me , asking if the Virgin Mary is going to rescue me , ” Packy said .
“ Well , I ’ve gotten helped more times from the Virgin Mary through intercession than from anyone else .
I wo n’t stop .
My children need my prayers . ”
Tears spilled from his eyes .
Packy ’s faith , though severely tested , had survived .
I looked at him with envy .
Where he found comfort , I was finding emptiness .
IN the summer of 2005 , I reported from a Multnomah County , Ore. , courtroom on the story of an unemployed mother -- impregnated by a seminary student 13 years earlier -- who was trying to get increased child support for her sickly 12 - year - old son .
Advertisement
The boy ’s father , Father Arturo Uribe , took the witness stand .
The priest had never seen or talked with his son .
He even had trouble properly pronouncing the kid ’s name .
Uribe confidently offered the court a simple reason as to why he could n’t pay more than $ 323 a month in child support .
“ The only thing I own are my clothes , ” he told the judge .
His defense -- orchestrated by a razor - sharp attorney paid for by his religious order -- boiled down to this : I ’m a Roman Catholic priest , I ’ve taken a vow of poverty , and child - support laws ca n’t touch me .
The boy ’s mother , Stephanie Collopy , could n’t afford a lawyer .
She stumbled badly acting as her own attorney .
It went on for three hours .
Advertisement
“ It did n’t look that great , ” Stephanie said afterward , wiping tears from her eyes .
“ It did n’t sound that great ... but at least I stood up for myself . ”
The judge ruled in the favor of Uribe , then pastor of a large parish in Whittier .
After the hearing , when the priest ’s attorney discovered I had been there , she ran back into the courtroom and unsuccessfully tried to get the judge to seal the case .
I could see why the priest ’s lawyer would try to cover it up .
People would be shocked at how callously the church dealt with a priest ’s illegitimate son who needed money for food and medicine .
My problem was that none of that surprised me anymore .
As I walked into the long twilight of a Portland summer evening , I felt used up and numb .
Advertisement
My soul , for lack of a better term , had lost faith long ago -- probably around the time I stopped going to church .
My brain , which had been in denial , had finally caught up .
Clearly , I saw now that belief in God , no matter how grounded , requires at some point a leap of faith .
Either you have the gift of faith or you do n’t .
It ’s not a choice .
It ca n’t be willed into existence .
And there ’s no faking it if you ’re honest about the state of your soul .
Sitting in a park across the street from the courthouse , I called my wife on a cellphone .
I told her I was putting in for a new beat at the paper .
william.lobdell@latimes.com
A state of emergency was declared on 3 November
After an extraordinary session in London , they also said President Pervez Musharraf had to step down as army chief and release political detainees .
In Pakistan , opposition leader Benazir Bhutto was given a seven - day detention order hours before she was due to lead a march from Lahore to the capital .
The march was aimed at pressuring Gen Musharraf to ease current restrictions .
The Pakistani leader says a parliamentary poll will be held in January , but opposition leaders want an end to emergency rule first .
The United States has been pushing him to accept a power - sharing deal with Ms Bhutto to help shore up his war against Islamist extremists .
If after review of progress Pakistan has failed to implement these necessary measures , it will suspend Pakistan from the councils of the Commonwealth
Don McKinnon
Commonwealth Secretary - General
Ms Bhutto returned to Pakistan from self - imposed exile last month with the approval of Gen Musharraf .
However , in the wake of the current crisis , she said on Monday there would be no more talks with Gen Musharraf .
When asked if this marked a change in policy , she said : " Yes , it is a change , it is a change from my party 's past policy . "
' Classic compromise '
The BBC's Jill McGivering at the Commonwealth talks in London says that some bloc members had wanted Pakistan 's immediate suspension , others no action at all .
In the end , our correspondent say , the ministers hit upon a classic Commonwealth compromise .
Gen Musharraf has promised elections by 9 January
The 53 - nation bloc is also pushing for the lifting of all media restrictions .
Secretary - General Don McKinnon said that if Gen Musharraf did not meet this deadline , Pakistan would be suspended when the Commonwealth ministers meet .
" CMAG [ Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group ] agreed that at its next meeting on 22 November , if after review of progress Pakistan has failed to implement these necessary measures , it will suspend Pakistan from the councils of the Commonwealth , " he told reporters .
' Breathing space '
Reading from a joint statement , Mr McKinnon said : " CMAG welcomed the announcement by General Musharraf that parliamentary elections will be held before 9 January 2008 but stressed that such elections would not be credible unless the state of emergency is removed and constitutional rights of the people , political parties and independence of the judiciary are restored . "
Benazir Bhutto returned from self - imposed exile last month
The UK representative at the talks , Foreign Office Minister Lord Malloch - Brown , told the BBC that the bloc had decided against suspending Pakistan immediately because " there has been some progress in the last few days " .
" After talk of postponing elections for a year , instead he [ Gen Musharraf ] committed to hold them on 9 January .
So we feel that this kind of engagement has won some important progress , " Lord Malloch - Brown said .
" But now we 've got to see if we can get much bigger progress over the next 10 days , and if we ca n't Pakistan will be suspended . "
Pakistan was suspended from the Commonwealth in 1999 , after Gen Musharraf seized power in a coup .
It was reinstated in 2004 .
TCP / IP network programming in C on Linux is good fun .
All the advanced features of the stack are at your disposal , and you can do lot of interesting things in user space without getting into kernel programming .
Performance enhancement is as much an art as it is a science .
It is an iterative process , akin to an artist gingerly stroking a painting with a fine brush , looking at the work from multiple angles at different distances until satisfied with the result .
The analogy to this artistic touch is the rich set of tools that Linux provides in order to measure network throughput and performance .
Based on this , programmers tweak certain parameters or sometimes even re-engineer their solutions to achieve the expected results .
I wo n't dwell further upon the artistic side of high - performance programming .
In this article , I focus on certain generic mechanisms that are guaranteed to provide a noticeable improvement .
Based on this , you should be able to make the final touch with the help of the right tools .
I deal mostly with TCP , because the kernel does the bandwidth management and flow control for us .
Of course , we no longer have to worry about reliability either .
If you are interested in performance and high - volume traffic , you will arrive at TCP anyway .
What Is Bandwidth ?
Once we answer that question , we can ask ourselves another useful question , “ How can we get the best out of the available bandwidth ? ” Bandwidth , as defined by Wikipedia , is the difference between the higher and lower cutoff frequencies of a communication channel .
Cutoff frequencies are determined by basic laws of physics — nothing much we can do there .
But , there is a lot we can do elsewhere .
According to Claude Shannon , the practically achievable bandwidth is determined by the level of noise in the channel , the data encoding used and so on .
Taking a cue from Shannon 's idea , we should “ encode ” our data in such a way that the protocol overhead is minimal and most of the bits are used to carry useful payload data .
TCP / IP packets work in a packet - switched environment .
We have to contend with other nodes on the network .
There is no concept of dedicated bandwidth in the LAN environment where your product is most likely to reside .
This is something we can control with a bit of programming .
Non-Blocking TCP
Here 's one way to maximize throughput if the bottleneck is your local LAN ( this might also be the case in certain crowded ADSL deployments ) .
Simply use multiple TCP connections .
That way , you can ensure that you get all the attention at the expense of the other nodes in the LAN .
This is the secret of download accelerators .
They open multiple TCP connections to FTP and HTTP servers and download a file in pieces and reassemble it at multiple offsets .
This is not “ playing ” nicely though .
We want to be well - behaved citizens , which is where non-blocking I /O comes in .
The traditional approach of blocking reads and writes on the network is very easy to program , but if you are interested in filling the pipe available to you by pumping packets , you must use non-blocking TCP sockets .
Listing 1 shows a simple code fragment using non-blocking sockets for network read and write .
Listing 1 . nonblock .c /* set socket non blocking */ fl = fcntl ( accsock , F_GETFL ) ; fcntl( accsock , F_SETFL , fl | O_NONBLOCK ) ; void poll_wait ( int fd , int events ) { int n ; struct pollfd pollfds [ 1 ] ; memset ( ( char *) & pollfds , 0 , sizeof ( pollfds ) ) ; pollfds [ 0 ] . fd = fd ; pollfds [ 0 ] . events = events ; n = poll ( pollfds , 1 , - 1 ) ; if ( n < 0 ) { perror ( " poll ( ) " ) ; errx ( 1 , " Poll failed " ) ; } } size_t readmore ( int sock , char * buf , size_t n ) { fd_set rfds ; int ret , bytes ; poll_wait ( sock , POLLERR | POLLIN ) ; bytes = readall ( sock , buf , n ) ; if ( 0 == bytes ) { perror ( " Connection closed " ) ; errx ( 1 , " Readmore Connection closure " ) ; /* NOT REACHED */ } return bytes ; } size_t readall ( int sock , char * buf , size_t n ) { size_t pos = 0 ; ssize_t res ; while ( n > pos ) { res = read ( sock , buf + pos , n - pos ) ; switch ( ( int ) res ) { case - 1 : if ( errno == EINTR || errno == EAGAIN ) continue ; return 0 ; case 0 : errno = EPIPE ; return pos ; default : pos += ( size_t ) res ; } } return ( pos ) ; } size_t writenw ( int fd , char * buf , size_t n ) { size_t pos = 0 ; ssize_t res ; while ( n > pos ) { poll_wait ( fd , POLLOUT | POLLERR ) ; res = write ( fd , buf + pos , n - pos ) ; switch ( ( int ) res ) { case - 1 : if ( errno == EINTR || errno == EAGAIN ) continue ; return 0 ; case 0 : errno = EPIPE ; return pos ; default : pos += ( size_t ) res ; } } return ( pos ) ; } Note that you should use fcntl ( 2 ) instead of setsockopt ( 2 ) for setting the socket file descriptor to non-blocking mode .
Use poll ( 2 ) or select ( 2 ) to figure out when the socket is ready to read or write .
select ( 2 ) cannot figure out when the socket is ready to write , so watch out for this .
How does non-blocking I /O provide better throughput ?
The OS schedules the user process differently in the case of blocking and non-blocking I/O .
When you block , the process “ sleeps ” , which leads to a context switch .
When you use non-blocking sockets , this problem is avoided .
Scatter / Gather I / O
The other interesting technique is scatter / gather I /O or using readv ( 2 ) and writev ( 2 ) for network and / or disk I/O .
Instead of using buffers as the unit of data transfer , an array of buffers is used instead .
Each buffer can be a different length , and this is what makes it so interesting .
You can transfer large chunks of data split between multiple sources / destinations from / to the network .
This could be a useful technique , depending upon your application .
Listing 2 shows a code snippet to illustrate its use .
Listing 2. uio.c # include < sys/types.h > # include < sys/uio.h > # include < unistd.h > size_t writeuio ( int fd , struct iovec * iov , int cnt ) { size_t pos = 0 ; ssize_t res ; n = iov [ 0 ] .
iov_cnt ; while ( n > pos ) { poll_wait ( fd , POLLOUT | POLLERR ) ; res = writev ( fd , iov [ 0 ] .
iov_base + pos , n - pos ) ; switch ( ( int ) res ) { case - 1 : if ( errno == EINTR || errno == EAGAIN ) continue ; return 0 ; case 0 : errno = EPIPE ; return pos ; default : pos += ( size_t ) res ; } } return ( pos ) ; } When you combine scatter / gather I/O with non-blocking sockets , things get a little complex , as shown in Figure 1 .
The code for tackling this hairy issue is shown in Listing 3 .
Figure 1 . Possibilities in Non-Blocking Write with Scatter / Gather I/
O
Listing 3 . nonblockuio.c writeiovall ( int fd , struct iov * iov , int nvec ) { int i , bytes ; i = 0 ; while ( i < nvec ) { do { rv = writev ( fd , &vec [ i ] , nvec - i ) ; } while ( rv == - 1 && ( errno == EINTR || errno == EAGAIN ) ) ; if ( rv == - 1 ) { if ( errno != EINTR && errno != EAGAIN ) { perror ( " write " ) ; } return - 1 ; } bytes += rv ; /* recalculate vec to deal with partial writes */ while ( rv > 0 ) { if ( rv < vec [ i ] .iov_len ) { vec[ i ] .iov_base = ( char *) vec[ i ].iov_base + rv ; vec[ i ]. iov_len -= rv ; rv = 0 ; } else { rv -= vec[ i ] .
iov_len ; ++i ; } } } /*
We should get here only after we write out everything */ return 0 ; } A partial write of any buffer can occur , or you can get any combination of a few full writes and few partial writes .
Therefore , the while loop has to take care of all such possible combinations .
mmap(2 ) Disk I/O
Network programming is not all about sockets , however .
We still have n't solved the problem of having to use hard disks , which are mechanical devices and consequently are much slower than main memory and even the network in many , if not most , cases ( especially high - performance computing environments ) .
You can use some other form of persistent storage , but today , none matches the huge storage capacity that hard disks offer .
Currently , most applications on the Internet push several gigabytes of data , and you end up with heavy storage needs anyway .
To test disk performance , type this : $ hdparm - rT / dev/sda ( / dev/hda if IDE )
Check whether you are getting good throughput .
If not , enable DMA and other safe options using this command : $ hdparm -d 1 - A 1 -m 16 -u 1 -a 64 /dev/sda
We also need to be able to avoid redundant copies and other time - consuming CPU operations to squeeze the maximum bandwidth from the network .
A very effective tool for achieving that is the versatile mmap ( 2 ) system call .
This is a very useful technique for avoiding the copy - to - buffer cache and , hence , improves performance for network I /O. But , if you use mmap ( 2 ) with NFS , you are asking for trouble .
Listing 4 shows a code snippet that illustrates the use of mmap ( 2 ) for both reading and writing files .
Listing 4 . mmap.c
/****************************************** * mmap( 2 ) file write * * * *****************************************/
caddr_t * mm = NULL ; fd = open ( filename , O_RDWR | O_TRUNC | O_CREAT , 0644 ) ; if ( - 1 == fd ) errx ( 1 , " File write " ) ; /* NOT REACHED */ /*
If you do n't do this , mmapping will never * work for writing to files *
If you do n't know file size in advance as is * often the case with data streaming from the * network , you can use a large value here .
Once you * write out the whole file , you can shrink it * to the correct size by calling ftruncate * again */ ret = ftruncate ( ctx - > fd , filelen ) ; mm = mmap( NULL , header -> filelen , PROT_READ | PROT_WRITE , MAP_SHARED , ctx -> fd , 0 ) ; if ( NULL == mm ) errx ( 1 , " mmap ( ) problem " ) ; memcpy ( mm + off , buf , len ) ; off += len ; /*
Please do n't forget to free mmap ( 2 ) ed memory ! */ munmap ( mm , filelen ) ; close ( fd ) ; /****************************************** * mmap( 2 ) file read * * * *****************************************/ fd = open ( filename , O_RDONLY , 0 ) ; if ( - 1 == fd ) errx ( 1 , " File read err " ) ; /* NOT REACHED */ fstat ( fd , &statbf ) ; filelen = statbf.st_size ; mm = mmap( NULL , filelen , PROT_READ , MAP_SHARED , fd , 0 ) ; if ( NULL == mm ) errx ( 1 , " mmap ( ) error " ) ; /* NOT REACHED */ /*
Now onward you can straightaway * do a memory copy of the mm pointer as it * will dish out file data to you */ bufptr = mm + off ; /*
You can straightaway copy mmapped memory into the network buffer for sending */ memcpy ( pkt.buf + filenameoff , bufptr , bytes ) ; /*
Please do n't forget to free mmap ( 2 ) ed memory ! */ munmap ( mm , filelen ) ; close ( fd ) ;
Socket Options and sendfile (2 ) TCP sockets under Linux come with a rich set of options with which you can manipulate the functioning of the OS TCP / IP stack .
A few options are important for performance , such as the TCP send and receive buffer sizes : sndsize = 16384 ; setsockopt ( socket , SOL_SOCKET , SO_SNDBUF , ( char *) &sndsize , ( int ) sizeof ( sndsize ) ) ; rcvsize = 16384 ; setsockopt ( socket , SOL_SOCKET , SO_RCVBUF , ( char *) &rcvsize , ( int ) sizeof ( rcvsize ) ) ; I am using conservative values here .
Obviously , it should be much higher for Gigabit networks .
These values are determined by the bandwidth delay product .
Interestingly , I have never found this to be an issue , so I doubt if this would give you a performance boost .
It still is worth mentioning , because the TCP window size alone can give you optimal throughput .
Other options can be set using the / proc pseudo - filesystem under Linux ( including the above two ) , and unless your Linux distribution turns off certain options , you wo n't have to tweak them .
It is also a good idea to enable PMTU ( Path Maximum Transmission Unit ) discovery to avoid IP fragmentation .
IP fragmentation can affect not just performance , but surely it 's more important regarding performance than anything else .
To avoid fragmentation at any cost , several HTTP servers use conservative packet sizes .
Doing so is not a very good thing , as there is a corresponding increase in protocol overhead .
More packets mean more headers and wasted bandwidth .
Instead of using write ( 2 ) or send ( 2 ) for transfer , you could use the sendfile ( 2 ) system call .
This provides substantial savings in avoiding redundant copies , as bits are passed between the file descriptor and socket descriptor directly .
Be aware that this approach is not portable across UNIX .
Advanced Techniques in Application Design Applications should be well designed to take full advantage of network resources .
First and foremost , using multiple short - lived TCP connections between the same two endpoints for sequential processing is wrong .
It will work , but it will hurt performance and cause several other headaches as well .
Most notably , the TCP TIME_WAIT state has a timeout of twice the maximum segment lifetime .
Because the round - trip time varies widely in busy networks and networks with high latency , oftentimes this value will be inaccurate .
There are other problems too , but if you design your application well , with proper protocol headers and PDU boundaries , there never should be a need to use different TCP connections .
Take the case of SSH , for instance .
How many different TCP streams are multiplexed with just one connection ?
Take a cue from it .
You do n't have to work in lockstep between the client and the server .
Simply because the protocols and algorithms are visualized in a fixed sequence does not imply that the implementation should follow suit .
You can make excellent use of available bandwidth by doing things in parallel — by not waiting for processing to complete before reading the next packet off the network .
Figure 2 illustrates what I mean .
Figure 2 . Pipelining Pipelining is a powerful technique employed in CPUs to speed up the FETCH - DECODE - EXECUTE cycle .
Here , we use the same technique for network processing .
Obviously , your wire protocol should have the least overhead and should work without relying much on future input .
By keeping the state machine fairly self - contained and isolated , you can process efficiently .
Avoiding redundant protocol headers or fields that are mostly empty or unused can save you precious bandwidth for carrying real data payloads .
Header fields should be aligned at 32 - bit boundaries and so should the C structures that represent them .
If your application already is in production and you want to enhance its performance , try some of the above techniques .
It should n't be too much trouble to attack the problem of re-engineering an application if you take it one step at a time .
And remember , never trust any theory — not even this article .
Test everything for yourself .
If your testing does not report improved performance , do n't do it .
Also , make sure your test cases take care of LAN , WAN and , if necessary , satellite and wireless environments .
A Few Words on TCP TCP has been a field of intense research for decades .
It 's an extremely complex protocol with a heavy responsibility on the Internet .
We often forget that TCP is what holds the Internet together without collapse due to congestion .
IP connects networks together , but TCP ensures that routers are not overloaded and that packets do not get lost .
Consequently , the impact of TCP on performance is higher than any other protocol today .
It is no wonder that top - notch researchers have written several papers on the topic .
The Internet is anything but homogeneous .
There is every possible physical layer of technology on which TCP / IP works today .
But , TCP is not designed for working well through wireless networks .
Even a high - latency satellite link questions some of TCP 's assumptions on window size and round - trip time measurement .
And , TCP is not without its share of defects .
The congestion control algorithms , such as slow start , congestion avoidance , fast retransmit , fast recovery and so on , sometimes fail .
When this happens , it hurts your performance .
Normally , three duplicate ACK packets are sufficient for triggering congestion control mechanisms .
No matter what you do , these mechanisms can drastically decrease performance , especially if you have a very high - speed network .
But , all else being equal , the above techniques are few of the most useful methods for achieving good performance for your applications .
Conclusion Gunning for very high performance is not something to be taken lightly .
It 's dependent on heuristics and empirical data as well as proven techniques .
As I mentioned previously , it is an art best perfected by practice , and it's also an iterative process .
However , once you get a feel for how things work , it will be smooth sailing .
The moment you build a stable base for a fast client / server interaction like this , building powerful P2P frameworks on top is no great hassle .
The following correction was printed in the Observer 's For the record column , Sunday December 10 2006
An investigation was under way last night into Russia 's black market trade in radioactive materials amid concern that significant quantities of polonium 210 , the substance that killed former spy Alexander Litvinenko , are being stolen from poorly protected Russian nuclear sites .
As British police drew up a list of witnesses for questioning over the death , experts warned that thefts from nuclear facilities in the former Soviet Union were a major problem .
A senior source at the United Nations nuclear inspectorate , the International Atomic Energy Agency , told The Observer he had no doubt that the killing of Litvinenko was an ' organised operation ' which bore all the hallmarks of a foreign intelligence agency .
The expert in radioactive materials said the ability to obtain polonium 210 and the knowledge needed to use it to kill Litvinenko meant that the attack could not have been carried out by a ' lone assassin ' .
Suggestions that the death may have involved some form of state sponsorship were being investigated by MI5 and MI6 who are looking at theories that foreign agents may have been behind the death of Litvinenko .
Scotland Yard has asked the Kremlin for help with its inquiries , though Russia has dismissed any involvement in the death as ' absurd ' .
Litvinenko received British citizenship this month .
A senior British security source said they were providing the police with material in ' hostile intelligence agencies ' operating in the UK , including those from Russia .
He said : ' Russia has never really decreased its activity in the UK from the end of the Cold War . '
Privately , however , there is deep scepticism in Whitehall about whether the Putin administration would be willing to risk a crisis in British - Russian relations by directly authorising an assassination of a British citizen on British soil , particularly using a method that might involve other Britons being contaminated .
The two countries are currently engaged in delicate negotiations over energy security .
More than anything , the death of the London - based former KGB spy has placed Russia 's still thriving trade in radioactive material under scrutiny .
' From the terrorism threat standpoint , these cases are of little concern but they show security vulnerabilities at facilities , ' said an IAEA spokesman .
One of the few figures available , on a database compiled by researchers at Stanford University in the US , revealed that about 40kg of weapons - usable uranium and plutonium were stolen from poorly protected nuclear facilities in the former Soviet Union between 1991 and 2002 .
Although the IAEA has no confirmation of polonium finding its way into the underground trade , there have been several unconfirmed reports of thefts .
In 1993 the Bulletin of Atomic Scientists reported that 10kg of polonium had disappeared from the Sarov , which produces the rare radioactive material and is described as Russia 's own version of Los Alamos , the US government 's nuclear research base in New Mexico .
Globally there have been more than 300 cases during the past four years where individuals have been caught trying to smuggle radioactive material .
In 2005 there were 103 confirmed incidents of trafficking and other unauthorised activities involving nuclear and radioactive materials , many involving Russia .
In one incident , in the remote west of former Soviet Georgia , a group of woodsmen found two capsules of the material which was emitting heat in a forest .
They used them to keep warm at night but soon developed acute radiation sickness .
The capsules turned out to be the highly radioactive strontium 90 core of a nuclear generator from a long abandoned aircraft navigation beacon .
Meanwhile in Britain , Cobra , No 10's crisis committee , met again yesterday to discuss emerging findings in the police investigation and in public health .
The Foreign Office held a meeting on Friday with the Russian ambassador to request full co-operation from the Russian government in the police investigation , including making witnesses available .
Officials from the Atomic Weapons Research Establishment in Aldermaston , Berkshire , and Porton Down , the government 's Defence Science and Technology Laboratory , near Salisbury , Wiltshire , were trying last night to track down the precise source of the polonium 210 that killed Litvinenko .
No date has been set for a post mortem examination on Litvinenko until a risk assessment is carried out to see if it is safe to perform the procedure , and if so , what precautions would be necessary .
thats what pregnancy does to ya
Reply
Thread
Link
No ... that is what gaining 70 pounds while pregnant does to you ...
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
i'm never in my life going to get myself knocked up
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
eww pregnancy did n't do that to meee
yuck
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
WTF is that ?
Reply
Thread
Link
sexy
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
THE HOUSE OF YES !!!
That movie is amazing .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
i mean , sucks to have people taking pictures of you running .
Reply
Thread
Link
You icon is cute yet ... odd .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Kitties in a cup !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
how long ago did she have a baby ?
Reply
Thread
Link
it does n't matter , the skin will be stretched no matter how much exercise or weight you lose ... she needs platic surgery if she wants to fix it .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
do you mean just in her case ?
because pleanty of pregnant women looked like that a while after giving birth , but look normal now .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Mother , I 'm frightened D :
Reply
Thread
Link
It 's KARMA for being a homewrecking ho !!!
Reply
Thread
Link
uhh .... she did n't wreck any home ??
if anyone is the homewrecker , it would be owen .
learn the definition .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
SHE WRECKED HER OWN HOME .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
uh , maybe she fell out of love with chris .
we dont know the real story .
until they admit theyre together / see pics of them , i dont believe it .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
karma..orrrrrr pregnancy
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
tummy tuck time .
Reply
Thread
Link
That skin never comes back sometimes .
Reply
Thread
Link
Icon Love !!
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Why thank you~ ♥
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Man , sucks for her .
She should 've invested in a one - peice , methinks .
Reply
Thread
Link
Aww , it 's tummy tuck time in Hollywood .
Reply
Thread
Link
Good Lord , I had 2 kids and I dont look like that !
Reply
Thread
Link
that 's probably because you are a very lucky woman .
i do n't know many women who 've had kids with bodies that look that good never mind better ... so thank your lucky stars , lady !
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
I only gained about 30 lbs , maybe that was it and hey good skin genes .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Three here and I 'm 40 and my tummy 's flat as a pancake
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
you probably did n't go back to a size 1 or 2 a couple of weeks after you had your kids either .
that skin on her stomach comes from losing weight to fast and not giving your skin time to recoup .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
PICS PLZ .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
i'm sure you DON'T look like that , or you'd be too busy being a moviestar to post on the internet ... :P
Reply
Parent
Thread
Expand
Link
Whatevs , I hope I look that good after I give birth .
Reply
Thread
Link
Seriously , looking at my mom's stomach , I 'd be praisin ' Jesus if I had Kate 's stomach .
Fair , thin skin does n't get along well with pregnancy .
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
Waitaminute !
her stomache looks just like tara reid's .
Did tara have a baby and give it up for adoption ?
or did Kate hudson have a bad lipo job as well ?
which is it ?
Reply
Thread
Link
Tara had a poor lipo job ... and boob job .
lol
Reply
Parent
Thread
Link
can not include
Today JavaScript is widely used by web developers .
There are a lot of libraries to add special effects , simple way to implement Ajax , complex components , forms , tabs or everything else .
Here ’s a collection of Ajax , Javascript and DHTML Libraries .
Prototype is a JavaScript Framework that aims to ease development of dynamic web applications .
Featuring a unique , easy - to - use toolkit for class - driven development and the nicest Ajax library around , Prototype is quickly becoming the codebase of choice for web application developers everywhere .
AHAH is a very simple technique for dynamically updating web pages using JavaScript .
It involves using XMLHTTPRequest to retrieve ( X) HTML fragments which are then inserted directly into the web page , whence they can be styled using CSS .
it is a subset with some very specific and useful properties , such as the lack of custom XML schemas .
AHAH can trivially reuse existing HTML pages , avoiding the need for a custom web service .
All data transport is done via browser - friendly HTML , easing debugging and testing .
The HTML is designed to be directly embedded in the page ’s DOM , eliminating the need for parsing .
dojo is an Open Source DHTML toolkit written in JavaScript .
It builds on several contributed code bases ( nWidgets , Burstlib , f( m ) ) , which is why we refer to it sometimes as a " unified " toolkit .
Dojo aims to solve some long - standing historical problems with DHTML which prevented mass adoption of dynamic web application development .
It allows you to easily build dynamic capabilities into web pages and any other environment that supports JavaScript sanely .
You can use the components that Dojo provides to make your web sites more usable , responsive , and functional .
AjaxAC is an open - source framework written in PHP , used to develop / create / generate AJAX applications .
The fundamental idea behind AJAX ( Asynchronous JavaScript And XML ) is to use the XMLHttpRequest object to change a web page state using background HTTP sub - requests without reloading the entire page .
It is released under the terms of the Apache License v2.0 .
JSAN – JavaScript Archive Network is a comprehensive resource for Open Source JavaScript libraries and software .
Ajax .NET
Professional is one of the first AJAX frameworks available for Microsoft ASP.
NET and is working with .
NET 1.1 and 2.0 .
You can find here a quick guide how to get the first Ajax .
NET method running .
AjaxRequest Library is a layer over the XMLHttpRequest functionality which makes the communication between Javascript and the server easier for developers .
It makes the interface more logical and consistent with what developers expect .
It supports multiple simultaneous requests which will not collide with each other without any additional work from the developer .
ATLAS is free framework for quickly creating a new generation of more efficient and interactive Web experiences that work across all the most popular browsers .
With ASP .NET AJAX you can create next - generation interfaces with reusable AJAX components , enhance existing pages using powerful AJAX controls with support for all modern browsers .
Continue using Visual Studio 2005 to take your ASP.
NET 2.0 sites to the next level .
Access remote services and data from the browser without tons of complicated script .
Bajax is a very small and simple javascript library to use Ajax on your pages .
It is independent of programming language .
You can put dynamic content using simple commands .
MochiKit is a highly documented and well tested , suite of JavaScript libraries .
It provides the best ideas from Python , Objective - C , etc. experience .
Code Snippets is a public source code repository .
It allows to easily build up your personal collection of code snippets , categorize them with tags / keywords , and share them with the world .
DHTML API , Drag & Drop for Images and Layers A Cross - browser JavaScript DHTML
Library which adds Drag Drop functionality and extended DHTML capabilities to layers and to any desired image , even those integrated into the text flow .
DHTMLgoodies.com offers a library of DHTML and AJAX scripts .
Dynamic Drive is a place on the net to obtain free , original DHTML & Javascripts to enhance your web site .
The site is regularly updated .
DynAPI is an open - source project initiated by Dan Steinman , created to make cross - browser Dynamic HTML a reality .
The DynAPI library uses an object - oriented approach to solve problems associated with scripting for both Netscape and Internet Explorer
qooxdoo is a comprehensive and innovative Open Source multipurpose AJAX framework , dual - licensed under LGPL / EPL .
It includes support for professional JavaScript development , a state - of - the - art GUI toolkit and high - level client - server communication .
Engine for Web Applications is an application framework for client - side development and Web applications .
It provides an environment in which to develop and run JavaScript components and applications .
Each Engine can be pre-built to user specifications , and components can be built into the engine itself , deployed as separate script packages , or deployed as application components .
JavaScript Libraries are created by Mark Wilton - Jones .
Here you can find images , variable retention , forms , generic DHTML , movable content , menu controls , rewritable content , document and mouse effects , and games .
Javascript Toolbox is a repository of code and reusable libraries which address common needs that many web developers encounter .
The code found here is based on standards but also tries to be backwards - compatible for browsers which do n’t support the standards .
All code on the site is written by one person , in a consistent fashion , tested thoroughly , and used in practice by thousands of web sites around the world .
Taconite is a framework that simplifies the creation of Ajax enabled Web applications .
It ’s a very lightweight framework that automates the tedious tasks related to Ajax development , such as the creation and management of the XMLHttpRequest object and the creation of dynamic content .
Taconite can be used with all modern Web browsers ( Firefox , Safari , IE , Opera , and Konqueror , to name a few ) and can be used with any server - side technology including Java EE , . Net , PHP , or any language that lets you return XHTML .
JonDesign ’s Smooth SlideShow Library is a javascript slideshow system that allows you to have a simple and smooth ( cross - fading … ) image slideshows and / or showcases on you website .
j Query – New Wave Javascript is a fast , concise , JavaScript Library that simplifies how you traverse HTML documents , handle events , perform animations , and add Ajax interactions to your web pages .
JSL : JavaScript Standard Library is a single and small file ( IE4 compatible packed version : 7.77 Kb ) with some JavaScript 1.6 standard methods or functions that are not present on some browsers .
You could just add JSL even before your scripts to add portability or more compatibility , then you do n’t need to rewrite anything .
JSL is compatible with every browser that supports at least JavaScript 1.2 .
Kabuki ( a.k.a Zimbra )
AJAX Toolkit is a client developer library , similar in style to traditional object - oriented widget libraries like Eclipse ’s SWT , albeit for JavaScript .
DHTML Kitchen is a resource for ready - made or custom - built DHTML scripts .
The X Library is a collection of loosely - bound , cross - browser , Javascript functions and objects .
It is intended to be a resource from which you pick and choose – you do not have to include the entire library in your application .
It contains core DOM / Style functions , unobtrusive enhancements , utility functions , objects such as menus and tab panels , and also has some experimental stuff .
I ’ve been developing this library since 2001 ( I started its predecessor around 1999 ) .
Thanks to thousands of people like yourself X has been extensively tested on a wide range of operating systems and browsers .
Thanks to your contributions X continues to improve , grow and evolve .
liberty is a JavaScript Basic library to make web development with JavaScript comfortable .
moo.fx is a superlightweight , ultratiny , megasmall javascript effects library , to be used with prototype.js or the mootools framework .
It ’s very easy to use , cross - browser , standards compliant , provides controls to modify any CSS property of any HTML element , including colors , with builtin checks that wo n’t let a user break the effect with multiple , crazy clicks .
Optimized to make you write the lesser code possible , the new moo.fx is so modular you can create any kind of effect with it .
overLIB is a JavaScript library created to enhance websites with small popup information boxes ( like tooltips ) to help visitors around your website .
It can be used to provide the user with information about what will happen when they click on a link as well as navigational help ( see the examples below ) .
TurboWidgets are JavaScript client - side controls that provide a rich user - interface experience for AJAX - style web applications .
Built on top of the popular Dojo Toolkit , TurboWidgets are designed for ease - of - use and flexibility .
overlibmws DHTML Popup Library Download and Test Directory for the overlibmws DHTML Popup Library
PlotKit – Javascript Chart Plotting is a Chart and Graph Plotting Library for Javascript .
It has support for HTML Canvas and also SVG via Adobe SVG Viewer and native browser support .
PlotKit is fully documented and there is a quick tutorial to get you started .
PlotKit is a complete rewrite of CanvasGraph .
It is better structured and supported .
qForms JavaScript API is one of the most complete JavaScript API for interfacing forms .
The qForms API has been designed to make forms easy to work with .
It simplifies tasks HTML developers normally find tricky to handle .
Zapatec AJAX
Suite includes mature , feature - rich widgets to cover all your development needs .
Modular architecture gives you the flexibility to use a few widgets today and migrate to using the full suite on an as - needed basis .
No need to learn a proprietary XML dialect or a complicated new platform — use the same tools you currently do , like HTML , CSS , JSON and more .
Rico provides responsive animation for smooth effects and transitions that that can communicate change in richer ways than traditional web applications have explored before .
Ruby on Rails is a full - stack framework for developing database - backed web applications according to the Model - View - Control pattern .
Sajax is an open source tool to make programming websites using the Ajax framework — also known as XMLHTTPRequest or remote scripting — as easy as possible .
Sajax makes it easy to call PHP , Perl or Python functions from your webpages via JavaScript without performing a browser refresh .
The toolkit does 99 % of the work for you .
sardalya is a cross - browser compatible system which is designed to work in all DOM - supporting browsers .
s@rdalya has been tested with Internet explorer 6 , Netscape navigator 6-7 - 8 beta , Mozilla 1.5 - FireFox 1.0.3 , Opera 7.0 - 7.2-8 Beta and more .
The Solvent is a cross - browser AJAX application toolkit written in JavaScript .
The Solvent is provided as modules or as an entire toolkit .
The projects focus is to promote robust web applications and enable rapid web development .
script.aculo.us provides you with easy - to - use , cross - browser user interface JavaScript libraries to make
your web sites and web applications fly .
Spry Framework for Ajax is a JavaScript library that provides easy - to - use yet powerful Ajax functionality that allows designers to build pages that provide a richer experience for their users .
It is designed to take the complexity out of Ajax and allow designers to easily create Web 2.0 pages .
Tabtastic is a simple way to implement tabs on your page using CSS , a little JS , and semantic markup which degrades gracefully on browsers with CSS unavailable or disabled .
Not only is it easy to use and accessible for screen - readers , but it supports multiple ( nested , even ) tabsets on the same page and allows users to bookmark the page loading to a specific tab .
Tacos library project provides components and ajax behaviour for the Tapestry java web application framework .
Most of the functionality is based on the exceptional dojo javascript library .
Thy Api is an api to allow the developement of better user interfaces for web applicaticions , Using javascript and Ajax , it allows a complete visual interface definition using CSS and encapsulates all objects data manipulateion .
Build over DynApi .
TwinHelix offers DHTML and JavaScript , XHTML , CSS and CGI projects .
Yahoo !
User Interface Library is a set of utilities and controls , written in JavaScript , for building richly interactive web applications using techniques such as DOM scripting , DHTML and AJAX .
The YUI Library also includes several core CSS resources .
All components in the YUI Library have been released as open source under a BSD license and are free for all uses .
Zebda is a general purpose javascript library built on Prototype 1.4.0 .
Zephyr is an ajax based framework for php5 developers .
ZK is an open - source Ajax Web framework that enables rich user interface for Web applications with no JavaScript and little programming .
SEATTLE
The Moocher introduced them years ago down by the ferry terminal , near that “ No Loitering ” sign scratched up to read “ Know Loitering . ”
It was Ed , meet Daryl , Daryl , Ed , between sips and slugs of bottom - shelf whiskey and high - octane beer .
Soon , in the blathering small talk that kills time , Ed Myers and Daryl Jordan identified a bond beyond a shared dislike for the Moocher , who drank but never bought .
They both had survived the same firefight in Vietnam , it seemed ; brothers now , in blood and booze .
Together they panhandled with Nam Vet Needs
Help signs at the highway entrance , converted their proceeds into Icehouse beer and Rich & Rare whiskey , and shared their nights in the perpetual dusk beneath the elevated highway , taking turns seeking the full sleep that never came , so loud was the traffic above , so naked were they below , in addled vulnerability .
Now and then they came in from the elements , sometimes to the same shelter , sometimes to separate shelters , sometimes to the Sobering Support Center on Boren Avenue , where you store your shoes and coat in a black plastic bag , have your vitals checked , accept the soup and juice or not , then fold up on a thin mat over concrete .
By Luke O’Brien , Wired
Life in an FBI muzzle is no fun .
Two Connecticut librarians on Sunday described what it was like to be slapped with an FBI national security letter and accompanying gag order .
It sounded like a spy movie or , gulp , something that happens under a repressive foreign government .
Peter Chase and Barbara Bailey , librarians in Plainville , Connecticut , received an NSL to turn over computer records in their library on July 13 , 2005 .
Unlike a suspected thousands of other people around the country , Chase , Bailey and two of their colleagues stood up to the Man and refused to comply , convinced that the feds had no right to intrude on anyone ’s privacy without a court order ( NSLs do n’t require a judge ’s approval ) .
That ’s when things turned ugly .
The four librarians under the gag order were n’t allowed to talk to each other by phone .
So they e-mailed .
Later , they were n’t allowed to e-mail .
After the ACLU took on the case and it went to court in Bridgeport , the librarians were not allowed to attend their own hearing .
Instead , they had to watch it on closed circuit TV from a locked courtroom in Hartford , 60 miles away .
“ Our presence in the courtroom was declared a threat to national security , ” Chase said .
( Original Article )
That ’s right , “ using Sony ’s proprietary algorithm , this innovative intelligent auto shutter system [ in the DSC - T200 ] responds actively to smiling faces . ”
Video after the break .
Click here for more pictures .
To start , just choose Smile Shutter from Scene Selection , then press the shutter fully on the subject to be taken ; the camera automatically detects the smiling face and closes the shutter .
To detect the different degrees of smiles by your subject , you can set Smile Level sensitivity to �high� ( to detect a faint smile ) , �medium � ( for a normal smile ) , or �low� ( for a hearty laugh )
China announces plan to develop high - tech weapons
China 's war machine increases to grow , both in size and in technical sophistication
by Staff Writers
Beijing ( AFP ) May 25 , 2006
China on Thursday announced a plan to develop its own high - tech " new - generation " weapons , reflecting a growing recognition that it must become self - reliant instead of depending on foreign purchases .
The plan calls for stepping up innovations in high and new technology weaponry over the coming 15 years to reinforce a high - tech and information - based army , Xinhua news agency said .
Some of the technology would also be used for civilian purposes , it said .
The focus would be on weapons for the space industry , aviation , ship and marine engineering , nuclear energy and fuel , and information technology , the plan said .
China would also upgrade its defense industry with digital technology , according to Xinhua .
Specifics were not given .
The plan was passed by the Commission of Science , Technology and Industry for National Defense at a meeting Thursday .
Analysts said they were not surprised , noting that China has been making efforts to improve its research and development capability , particularly in the defense industry .
" All of this is part of a self - reliance strategy that any country , particularly any major power , views as important , " said Robert Karniol , Asia - Pacific editor of Jane 's Defense Weekly in Bangkok .
" If you 're dependent on foreign sourcing for your military equipment or for spare parts to keep your military running , then you 're held hostage . "
An annual US Defense Department report said Russia was the source of 95 percent of China 's 13 billion dollars in foreign weapons purchases from 2000 through 2005 .
China has been trying to diversify sourcing , targeting Israel and European countries , but efforts have been blocked by Washington .
Israel , which supplied China with HARPY unmanned reconnaissance aircraft , has begun to strengthen controls over its military exports , the US report said .
The European Union has also shelved discussions on lifting the arms embargo imposed after the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown on pro-democracy protesters .
According to China 's plan , special projects would be carried out on large aircraft , pressurized water reactors and high - temperature gas - cooled reactors , nuclear power stations , manned space missions and lunar probe programs .
China has a successful space program , but its ability to produce high - tech weapons is not strong , Karniol said .
China , for example , produces aircraft engines , but not ones good enough to power advanced fighter aircraft , he said .
China also wants an aircraft carrier .
The US report said China will work on modernizing its ageing nuclear weapons , land - and sea - based defenses and emerging precision weapons .
It said China was investing in medium - range missiles , high - tech communications and guidance systems " to strike surface ships on the high seas or their onshore support infrastructure . "
China was also increasingly hoping to establish joint ventures with Russia , instead of buying straight off the shelf .
It expressed interest in jointly developing a new - generation fighter jet with Russia , but Moscow has voiced concerns over the protection of intellectual property rights .
Source : Agence France - Presse
dynalang.org is currently the home of the generic metaobject protocol specification for dynamic programming languages on the JVM .
If these words do n't mean anything to you , do n't worry - chances are you are not involved in business of actually building runtime environments for dynamic programming languages .
Such runtime environment builders are our sole target audience at the moment , although we hope to eventually expand the focus to a broader range of topics involving dynamic languages - both creation and usage , both on JVM and CLR .
The JVM Dynamic Languages Metaobject Protocol Library
This library aims to make it possible for objects created by a runtime for one dynamic language to be passed to and manipulated by a different dynamic language , running within the same JVM .
More generally , it aims to provide a facility where an arbitrary system ( usually a language runtime ) can intuitively manipulate any arbitrary object model built atop of Java objects ( usually the native object model of some other language ) .
Basically , it provides a unified mechanism that all dynamic languages on the JVM can use to inter-operably manipulate their own objects as well as objects from any other language that also uses this mechanism .
It strives to achieve this goal not by defining " One True Object " , a single interface to be implemented by all Java objects that represent objects of the dynamic languages in the JVM , but rather by providing an extensible metaobject protocol ( MOP ) mechanism , as first formulated in the " In- process cross - language object interaction : adapters or navigators ? " article .
The idea is to completely throw away the idea of a dedicated interface on objects themselves , and having to wrap foreign objects into adapter objects that expose the expected interface .
Instead , the operations on objects themselves are encapsulated behind MOP objects ( you can also think about them as being the " navigators " and " manipulators " for the objects they know about ) , with usually only a single MOP required per language implementation .
The basic usage difference is that a dynamic language runtime will retrieve a property on an object not by using code like this : ( ( MyDynamicInterface ) obj ) . get ( " foo " ) ; but rather it will use a MOP : metaobjectProtocol.get ( obj , " foo " ) ;
The real strength of the approach lies in extensibility and pluggability of MOPs .
MOPs can be easily composed , so if you compose your language 's native MOP with other languages ' MOPs , your code will be able to natively manipulate those other languages ' objects .
You can have a MOP for DOM objects as well to natively add XML manipulating abilities into your languages .
Finally , a JavaBeans MOP is provided as standard component in the library - you can add it as the last element of your composite MOP so that your language can manipulate any POJO directly if no other MOP recognizes the object .
Full range of Java amenities , including optimized runtime resolution of overloaded methods and support for JDK 1.5 variable arguments is available .
The secret of composability is MOPs ability to declare it has no authority to perform an operation on an object .
When an operation is attempted in a composite MOP , all its element MOPs will be attempted in turn while they claim no authority for it .
Only when one MOP either performs the operation or authoritatively decides it must fail is the operation outcome final .
Note that the authority declaration is very fine - grained : it is per operation and per object .
It is therefore much more versatile than the wrapper interfaces approach : when using interfaces , a wrapper class must decide up - front which interfaces to implement on the object .
A MOP can decide based on the actual state of the object whether it can perform an operation .
This can also be handily used to extend any objects with language specific meta-properties .
Since the API allows any object , not just strings , to be used as property identifiers , it is easy to use implementation - private objects as property IDs for things like ECMAScript " prototype " property and similar .
A theoretical ECMAScript MOP would thus answer the get and put requests for the prototype property of a POJO , but would claim no authority for get and put requests for other properties , letting those fall through to the JavaBeans MOP .
Learning Haskell and Number Theory : The End of GCD
This is the fifth installment of my series “ Learning Haskell and Number Theory ” , in which I work through Gareth and Mary Jones ’ text , Elementary Number Theory , and translate its ideas and algorithms into Haskell .
In the last installment , I used the Haskell foldl function to convert a binary greatest common denominator into one that operates on a list .
This time , I fix a glitch in that implementation , the dreaded “ space leak , ” and look at strict and lazy evaluation in Haskell .
The implementation of gcdmany from last time looked like this :
gcdmany :: forall a .
Integral a => [ a ] -> a gcdmany = foldl gcd1 0
This is a correct implementation , but not a good one .
Before we can understand why , though , we need a diversion through tail recursion .
Everyone who ’s done much functional programming knows the importance of tail recursion .
It turns O ( n ) space into O ( 1 ) space .
For example , this implementation of factorial :
fact 0 = 1 fact n = n * fact ( n - 1 )
uses O ( n ) space because it ’s not tail recursive .
The evaluation of fact ( in a strict language ; I ’ll talk about Haskell ’s quirks later ) would look like this :
fact 6 6 * ( fact 5 ) 6 * ( 5 * ( fact 4 ) ) 6 * ( 5 * ( 4 * ( fact 3 ) ) ) 6 * ( 5 * ( 4 * ( 3 * ( fact 2 ) ) ) ) 6 * ( 5 * ( 4 * ( 3 * ( 2 * ( fact 1 ) ) ) ) )
6 * ( 5 * ( 4 * ( 3 * ( 2 * ( 1 * ( fact 0 ) ) ) ) ) )
6 * ( 5 * ( 4 * ( 3 * ( 2 * ( 1 * 1 ) ) ) ) ) 6 * ( 5 * ( 4 * ( 3 * ( 2 * 1 ) ) ) ) 6 * ( 5 * ( 4 * ( 3 * 2 ) ) ) 6 * ( 5 * ( 4 * 6 ) ) 6 * ( 5 * 24 ) 6 * 120 720
Each line represents the set of computations that needs to be stored in computer memory at any stage of execution .
You can see that the memory needed grows with the value of n .
( It does n’t matter much for factorial , because merely storing the answer also uses space that ’s O ( n ) in the size of the input .
That ’s beside the point . )
An alternative implementation is :
fact n = fact ' 1 n where fact ' a 0 = a fact ' a n = fact ' ( a * n ) ( n - 1 )
This one is made tail recursive , by following a very common technique of keeping an accumulator as an explicit parameter ( in this case , a ) with an outer setup function .
If you look back at the fourth installment , you ’ll see that this is exactly what I did to turn the first implementation of gcdmany into the second one .
I introduced an explicit accumulator parameter , and then used it to convert the routine into a tail recursive one with setup .
In a strict language ( like , say , the ML family of languages ) that would be sufficient to turn the fact function into O ( 1 ) space .
The execution of this one ( again , in a strict language ) looks like this :
fact 6 fact ' 1 6 fact ' 6 5 fact ' 30 4 fact ' 120 3 fact ' 360 2 fact ' 720 1 fact ' 720 0 720
This is much better !
In our hypothetical strict language , we ’ve solved the problem .
In Haskell , though , it ’s not quite good enough .
Haskell , being a lazy language , wo n’t even do simple multiplication until we ask for the result .
The execution , therefore , looks like this :
fact 6 fact ' 1 6 fact ' ( 1 * 6 ) 5 fact ' ( 1 * 6 * 5 ) 4 fact ' ( 1 * 6 * 5 * 4 ) 3 fact ' ( 1 * 6 * 5 * 4 * 3 ) 2 fact ' ( 1 * 6 * 5 * 4 * 3 * 2 ) 1 fact ' ( 1 * 6 * 5 * 4 * 3 * 2 * 1 ) 0 1 * 6 * 5 * 4 * 3 * 2 * 1 6 * 5 * 4 * 3 * 2 * 1 30 * 4 * 3 * 2 * 1 120 * 3 * 2 * 1 360 * 2 * 1 720 * 1 720
And , oops !
We ’re back to using O ( n ) space again .
This is the dreaded “ space leak ” .
Back to our gcdmany function .
It , too , contains such a space leak .
Instead of computing intermediate greatest common divisors as it applies arguments one by one , it actually accumulates the GCD operations for the whole list , before it starts to evaluate any of them .
We ’d like to fix this .
Haskell provides a way to do so : selective strict evaluation .
In other words , we can tell Haskell that certain things must be evaluated strictly rather than put off for later .
Doing this never changes the answer to a successful computation , but it can do two things :
Make a computation run faster , and with less memory .
Make a computation fail or run forever , when it might otherwise have succeeded .
The first effect is what we want here .
The second , though , is interesting as well .
Consider the following code :
mylist = [ 1 , 2 , 3 , undefined ] main = print ( length mylist == 4 )
Running this program will print True .
In a strict language , this program would fail because the fourth element of the list is undefined .
( To elaborate more , you might design a language to avoid failing if the term is known to be undefined .
But what if teh function that computes it goes into an infinite loop ?
In Haskell , it would n’t matter because we never use that value .
In a strict language , it would matter quite a lot ! )
In the case of gcdmany , though , I can verify that I am not doing anything that might cause the system to go into an infinite loop or fail .
It is , therefore , safe , to replace it with a strict version .
The first way of doing this is standard Haskell 98 .
It looks like this :
gcdmany :: forall a .
Integral a => [ a ] -> a gcdmany xs = gcdmany ' 0 xs where gcdmany ' p [ ] = p gcdmany ' p ( x : xs ) = ( gcd1 p x ) ` seq ` gcdmany ' ( gcd1 p x ) xs
The magic function seq makes this all work .
If you read the description of seq in the standard library , it ’s quite confusing for beginners to Haskell .
What it really means is that is evaluates the first bit of code ( so , as a side effect , if the first bit goes into an infinite loop or throws an exception , it ’ll do that too ) , and then goes on with the second one as if the first one did n’t exist .
However , evaluating the first one means that instead of it being work put off until later , the result is already known .
That gets us back to the nice O ( 1 ) memory usage .
The second way of doing this does the same thing , but is shorter and only works in GHC with the - fallow - bang - patterns option .
gcdmany :: forall a .
Integral a => [ a ] -> a gcdmany xs = gcdmany ' 0 xs where gcdmany ' ! p [ ] = p gcdmany ' ! p ( x : xs ) = gcdmany ' ( gcd1 p x ) xs
The !
in front of the argument p does the same thing as seq but is much nicer to read .
Both of these require that we write out gcdmany by hand , though .
Before , we were able to make it a lot nicer using foldl .
The third option fixes that .
It ’s not part of the standard Haskell 98 prelude , but it does exist in GHC .
gcdmany :: forall a .
Integral a => [ a ] -> a gcdmany = foldl ' gcd1 0
The foldl ' function is just a strict version of foldl .
It does exactly what we want .
So with all those words , the solution was achieved by adding one small character .
( Why , though ?
Because of the ability to use higher order functions to do functional abstraction ! )
In general , one wants to use foldl ' when folding over an operation that produces a distinct result , and foldr when folding with a data constructor or an operation that builds more complex data structures .
In the first case , you avoid space leaks .
In the second case , you can use lazy evaluation to only build a piece at a time of the data structure you ’re operating on , and thus save even more memory through lazy evaluation .
That ’s all for now .
Next time , I ’ll look at some cool connections between Euclid ’s GCD algorithm and the Fibonacci numbers , and then move on to chapter 2 .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Richard Drake , chair of the History Department at the University of Montana , describes what it is like to invite Stephen Walt , a respected political scientist at Harvard University and author of a best - selling book on the Israel lobby , to lecture on campus .
The techniques of smearing and pressure politics deployed against his appearance can only be described as a form of Zionist - fascism ( whether deriving from Christian Zionists or Jewish ones ) , which is a much more potent danger to open intellectual inquiry in the United States than is usually realized .
At Walt ’s own university , Harvard , there have been a number of disinvitees– academics asked to speak and who then saw the invitation withdrawn , apparently on grounds of disagreeing with Alan Dershowitz .
See also Elliot Colla ’s article at the Chronicle of Higher Education on how the Likudnik “ David Project ” and a Hillel Center rabbi attempted to interfere with the holding of a conference on threats to academic freedom , held at Brown University last May !
I hope academics all around the country will step up to thwart this dangerous attempt at silencing views not approved by the Right - Zionists ( i.e. people who would vote for Bibi Netanyahu if they lived in Israel , and who think they have the right to decide who the chair of the history department at the University of Montana should be and who that chair can invite to speak on campus ) .
Some of the policing of thought , of course , is by Right - Zionists against liberal Jews , a form of anti-Semitism that seeks to brand other Jews as unpatriotic .
Tony Karon argues that this ploy is running out of steam .
Norman Finkelstein reflects on his recent travails and seems suprisingly optimistic ( essentially agreeing with Karon ) .
( For our Committee on Academic Freedom letter on the Finkelstein denial of tenure , see this link . )
And see George Bisharat ’s Op-ed in the Baltimore Sun : “ Two hundred thousand Palestinian children began school in the Gaza Strip this month without a full complement of textbooks .
Why ?
Because Israel , which maintains a stranglehold over this small strip of land along the Mediterranean even after withdrawing its settlers from there in 2005 , considers paper , ink and binding materials not to be “ fundamental humanitarian needs . ”
Gaza is the worst outcome of Western colonialism anywhere in the world outside the Belgian Congo .
A Question for Mr. Romney
In a recent interview with the Wall Street Journal , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney said something quite interesting about Iran .
One of the editors at the Journal asked him how he would respond upon learning that President Bush had launched an attack on Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
He answered :
" I would hope that the president would have outlined a great deal of information .
I have very little information , for instance , on : How many nuclear facilities are there ?
Where are they ?
Can we take them out ?
Can we not ?
What is the capacity of the Iranian military to respond ?
Are our 160,000 troops in Iraq safe , or are they going to get hit ? "
( Brian Carney , " Mitt Romney : Consultant in Chief , " Wall Street Journal , Nov. 10 , 2007 )
Brian Carney , the Journal editor who wrote the article , noted that Romney always likes to ask such questions the way a consultant would : getting a quick understanding of the situation in order to assess it .
That ’s how Romney made his substantial fortune as a business consultant .
Carney and I would agree that there ’s nothing wrong with that .
It would be nice to have a president who digs and probes .
But do you notice two other questions missing ?
I do .
These are the two follow - up questions I would have asked Mr. Romney had I been one of the interviewers :
Let ’s say you get your questions answered as follows .
There are many nuclear facilities and they ’re scattered around .
But we can take 100 percent of them out .
The Iranian military has little capacity to respond .
Let ’s assume , with little justification , that our 160,000 troops in Iraq are safe .
[ Incidentally , Mr. Romney , they ’re not safe .
You might have heard that the U.S. is at war in Iraq .
War is unhealthy for soldiers and other living things . ]
Here ’s my first question : Would you second Mr. Bush ’s decision to bomb Iran ’s nuclear facilities ?
My second question :
If you answer yes to the first question , why would you bomb Iran ?
It ’s too bad that Romney apparently did n’t answer my first question and that , apparently , none of the Journal editors asked it .
But they probably did n’t need to .
The reason : almost everyone understands that , if Iran were found to have nuclear weapons , virtually all of the Republican candidates , with the notable exception of Ron Paul , would support the U.S. government trying to eliminate them with bombs .
Which leads to the second , more fundamental , question : Why ?
What if Iran Gets Nuclear Weapons ?
More and more people seem to take it as given that a nuclear - armed Iran would use its nuclear weapons to attack the United States .
Yet there is no plausible argument , and very little evidence , for that conclusion .
First , we found out that we could co-exist with the Soviet Union , a country with hundreds of times the number of nuclear weapons that Iran could ever hope to have .
How did we co-exist ?
Very simple .
Our government made it clear that if the Soviet Union attacked the United States with nuclear weapons , the U.S. government would respond all - out against the Soviet Union with such weapons .
The so - called doctrine of mutual assured destruction ( MAD ) , though it was mad in a certain sense , worked .
The Soviet Union never attacked us .
But , say the critics , Iran is different .
They have all those mad mullahs over there who do n’t care about life on earth and simply want to destroy  fill in the blank  Israel , the United States , or Israel and the United States .
Yet there is little evidence that the leaders of Iran are mad .
Instead , they are cautiously conservative .
Trita Parsi , the president of the National Iranian American Council and adjunct professor of international relations at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies , in his recent book , Treacherous Alliance : The Secret Dealings of Israel , Iran , and the U.S. , states it as follows : " But whenever Iran ’s ideological and strategic goals were at odds , Tehran ’s strategic imperatives prevailed . " ( p. 3 ) He notes that the Iranian government has had informal alliances with Israel against the major Arab nations in the Middle East .
These alliances existed not only when the shah was Iran ’s dictator , but also for much of the time the mullahs have run Iran .
Through the government of Switzerland , Iran ’s government made an overture to the Bush administration in 2003 , in which it asked the Bush administration to meet Iranian officials to discuss ending the sanctions and bringing Iran back into the community of nations , in return for Iran ’s forswearing any attempt to build nuclear weapons .
According to Parsi , the Bush administration , at the behest of Vice President Cheney and Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld , rebuffed them .
Moreover , the Bush administration verbally attacked Tim Guldimann , the Swiss ambassador to Iran , for being the bearer of good news .
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , incidentally , even though she was President Bush ’s National Security Council director at the time , claims to have no memory of this Iranian overture .
Interestingly , Parsi quotes none other than Efraim Halevi , the former head of the Mossad ( Israel ’s version of the CIA ) , saying of the Iranian government in 2006 , " I do n’t think they are irrational , I think they are very rational . "
" Madman " Ahmadinejad
Ah , say the critics , but President Ahmadinejad is a madman .
Think about that term " madman . "
I ’ve never seen that term thrown around so loosely in my lifetime as in the years since 2001 .
" Saddam Hussein is a madman . "
" Ahmadinejad is a madman . "
The neoconservatives and others who make such charges rarely give evidence for it .
They simply assert that such people do n’t care if they live or die and are , therefore , willing to do almost anything in pursuit of their goals .
Notice that those same people virtually never make the charge against evil dictators who are U.S. allies .
The best one - line refutation of this standard charge against foreign dictators that the U.S. government dislikes is one that President Carter ’s secretary of defense , Harold Brown , gave when discussing the Iranian hostage crisis .
I recall ( although I could not find it on the Web ) that when told that the Ayatollah Khomeini did n’t care whether he lived , Brown responded , " A man who makes it to age 80 cares whether he lives . "
We do n’t have to settle for Brown ’s one - liner .
We can also look at the facts .
It ’s true that Ahmadinejad denied the Holocaust .
But , as Parsi pointed out in Treacherous Alliance , Iran ’s " Supreme Guide , " the Ayatollah Khamenei , forbade all Iranian officials from denying the Holocaust , a fact that frustrated Ahmadinejad .
As a result , when Ahmadinejad visited New York in September 2006 , he refused to repeat his remark .
Moreover , denying obvious facts is hardly a sign of madness ; the more straightforward explanation is that Ahmadinejad is a bald - faced liar .
How about Ahmadinejad ’s famous statement that he wanted to wipe Israel off the map ?
Here ’s the problem : he did n’t say it .
You read that right .
The famous line that has become the one - line argument for bombing Iran has been stated incorrectly  again and again .
Repetition of a false charge does n’t make it true .
I ’m not an expert in Farsi , but notice what Ahmadinejad said : “ Imam ghoft een rezhim-e ishghalgar -e qods bayad az safheh - ye ruzgar mahv shavad . ”
What does the word rezhim-e sound like to you ?
It turns out that it means " regime . "
So what he was saying was that the Zionist regime should be eliminated .
This is not at all the same as proposing that a country be wiped out .
Democrats want the Bush " regime " eliminated , and Republicans wanted Bill Clinton ’s " regime " eliminated .
In fact , some of Israel ’s Jews , as well as a sizable fraction of American Jews , want the Zionist regime eliminated .
Believe it or not , there are Jews in the world who believe in religious freedom .
This hardly qualifies them as madmen or madwomen .
Moreover , even if Ahmadinejad were mad  and there is no evidence that he is  the position of president in Iran is not like the position of president in the United States .
Most of the power resides with a Muslim oligarchy and with the " Supreme Guide , " which is why the " Supreme Guide " had the power to tell Ahmadinejad to shut up when it came to talking about the Holocaust .
The position of president there is like the position of vice president in the United States , or at least the position of vice president before Dick Cheney .
What about the danger that if Iran develops nuclear weapons , it will turn them over to terrorists ?
Why would the Iranian government want to do that ?
The government would give up a lot of power in return for  what ?
Moreover , as Parsi points out ( p. 271 ) , the Israeli government has made it clear that if Israel is nuked , then , no matter who did it , the Israeli government will hit Iran , using , if necessary , its second - strike capability from one or more of its three nuclear - armed submarines ( p. 270 ) .
Finally , notes Parsi , even if this deterrent did not exist , Iran wants terrorist groups as proxies , and if they acquired nuclear weapons , they would cease to be proxies .
Whatever their motivation , people who have power are almost never willing to give it away .
George Orwell pointed out in his novel 1984 that when governments want to have power over us , they come up with threats to scare us .
If they scare us enough , then they can grab power .
The Democrats do this with global warming , with the goal of having more power over our daily lives .
The Republicans , since 9/11 , have tried to scare us by exaggerating by a few orders of magnitude the threat of terrorist attacks and nuclear - armed governments run by madmen .
This is the stuff of novels , and not very good novels at that .
The best way to combat this nonsense is to get knowledge and to confront the propagandists at every turn .
Meanwhile , there is no good reason to attack Iran .
Indeed , for the U.S. government to attack a country that has not attacked us and is n’t even threatening to do so would be to commit an immoral , and probably illegal , act .
But that ’s another story .
Copyright © 2007 by David R. Henderson .
Requests for permission to reprint should be directed to the author or Antiwar.com .
You know how at the end of most scary movies the good guys are walking away , seemingly safe from the psychopath or zombie or ghost that has been stalking them , and then , BOOM !
a bloody hand comes out of nowhere , grabs the good guy , and BAM !
they cut to the credits ?
Well , I ’m like that , too .
Just when you thought I was going to relax and leave you alone through Halloween , I return with one more final trio of spine - tingling tales – just like that bloody hand reaching into the frame and making you scream like a kindergartener and grab your roommate …
But first , some thoughts .
In researching various college ghost stories , I have noticed that the entities in these stories tend to be grouped into three categories : 1 ) malevolent shadows , 2 ) oblivious replays of the past , and 3 ) interactive spirits of the deceased .
Malevolent Shadows
The malevolent shadows are by far the most frightening , aggressive , and violent .
They are featureless and very angry about something .
Other ghost stories tell of them taking on imp - like forms .
My theory : these guys never were alive .
That ’s why they have no facial features , clothing , etc .
That ’s also why they ’re so irate .
Replays
Other ghosts seem to be stuck in a kind of space - time loop where they replay events , some mundane and some intense , from the past .
They seem to be unaware of the living around them .
Two theories : either these apparitions are spirits of the deceased with an insatiable drive to repeat the past ( like they could never kick their life habits ) or they are just lifeless imprints on the fabric of space - time that play back occasionally at random .
Interactive and Deceased
And then some ghosts tend to interact with their living neighbors .
They touch , push , talk to , and otherwise scare the jammies off their hauntees .
They may have “ unfinished business ” to tend to ; they may not realize they are dead .
Regardless , they will continue to walk around , knock on doors , flush toilets , and move furniture .
Often , they will implore the living to avenge their murders , bring their killers to justice , etc .
Sometimes they just want to hang out .
Anyway , just some food for thought as we near that witching hour of witching hours .
Enough babbling from me .
You came to get scared , and I ’ve got the goods .
Rest assured , I ’m going out with a bang :
1. Ohio University : Playful Poltergeists , Pentagrams , and a Headless Buffalo
For some reason , Ohio just seems to have more than its fair share of haunted colleges .
Dubbed “ the most haunted college in the country ” by some , this Athens university certainly follows suit .
It ’s old , which means it has a lot of history , which means you can expect a lot of ghostly traffic .
In several different buildings , poltergeists throw objects , lock doors , flush toilets , and - gasp !- unroll rolls of toilet paper .
Phantom marbles sounds will be heard from ceilings and the sound of dripping water .
Disembodied laughter will sound from the center of an empty room .
Some students have reported feeling threatening presences hovering in front of their faces .
Others tell of ghosts spooning with them in the middle of the night ( oohh - kay … time to find a date , preferably a living one ) .
Perhaps the most notable haunted site on campus is Wilson Hall , which as amassed a disproportionately large number of hauntings in its short 42 - year history .
There have been , of course , a number of suicides there .
Dark , shadowy figures roam the halls , leaving unfortunate students feeling chilled and frightened .
Athens ghost folklorists believe that Wilson Hall ’s high frequency of hauntings is due to its location .
Apparently , Wilson sits smack dab in the middle of …
Athens ’ five pentagram cemeteries !!!
That ’s good enough for me .
Lastly , the university ’s West Green sits on , you guessed it , an Indian burial ground .
Besides hearing Indian chants at the site , students tell of Stroud , a headless buffalo that still roams the area .
It turns out Stroud was killed by some Confederate soldiers near the end of the Civil War .
To hide their plunder , the soldiers cut off the buffalo ’s head and stuff it full of loot .
This has left the buffalo ’s restless spirit to wander West Green for eternity .
Someone should tell him his head is hanging on the wall of Buffalo Wings and Rings in town .
2. Illinois University : The Gray Ghost , a White Lady , and Creepy Closets
This school has its share of ghostly footsteps , spectral suicide victims , flickering lights , and windows that open and close on their own .
But IU also has a few unique stories of its own .
In one such story , a female student was returning to her room in Alpha Phi Omega Hall to get something while everyone else was at a party .
She had been drinking but still insists that the following was not imagined as a result of intoxication .
As she ascended the staircase , she saw a man standing at the top of the stairs , dressed in gray .
Cautiously , the girl squinted to get a better look at the man , realizing suddenly that the man had no face .
The student ran out of the house screaming bloody murder , but no one heard her …
You ’re probably thinking that they found her dead , but you ’re wrong .
She lived to tell the tale to her sorority sisters , who subsequently thought she had had one too many swigs of Halloween punch .
Since then , the Gray Ghost has been sighted widely around campus .
In Crampton Hall , the same building where a student was found hung by an unknown hand in his closet , a male student went to his room to get ready for a night on the town .
When he did n’t come back for a long time , his companions went to look for him .
They found him naked , hanging upside down in his closet , and too frightened to tell them what had happened .
Later , the same student was awakened in the middle of the night by a loud noise and found a man standing over him .
The mysterious stranger turned and disappeared into the closet .
Perhaps , this was an elaborate hazing performed by frat boys from Narnia .
Or perhaps something more sinister .
In the basement classrooms of Rammelkamp Chapel , students have reported seeing an old woman in white .
When she sees them looking at her , she quickly vanishes into thin air .
And , now , our final and most terrifying tale of all .
Get ready to wet your costume …
3. Cal State University Channel Islands : Home of the Undead Insane
Do n’t be fooled by this school ’s young age ( it opened its doors to students in 2002 ) .
This school used to be one of the most crowded , infamous insane asylums in the United States .
[ Note : many schools are built on the former grounds of asylums , and these schools usually experience hauntings .
In fact , Congress should pass a bill forbidding anyone to build on the site of a former asylum - just like with Indian burial grounds . ]
Going against all horror movie caveats , the Cal State organization thought it would be a bright idea to use an already haunted sanatorium for their university .
Former cells have been converted into classrooms and study halls .
Does anyone else here see red flags flying up ?
Unfortunately , they wo n’t learn their lesson until it ’s too late and the student body has sprouted horns , and the entire campus is swallowed into the tenth level of hell .
Thousands of men , women , and children passed through the halls of this place , ranging from autistics to schizophrenics to violent psychopaths .
Brutal , old - school methods were used on inmates , including electroshock therapy and lobotomies .
While it was still in operation , Camarillo State Hospital employees reported numerous terrifying supernatural encounters .
The place was shut down in the early ’90s .
New students are already reporting ghostly occurrences .
One former employee tells of a janitor who , while cleaning a ladies restroom , spotted what was obviously a pair of male legs in one of the stalls .
She knocked on the door and told the occupant that he was in the wrong restroom .
When she did n’t get a response , the janitor opened the stall door , only to find the stall empty .
One of the supervisors saw a man enter the women ’s restroom dressed in one of the old patients ’ jumpsuits .
She followed him to chase him out - he was obviously a confused inmate .
When she entered the room , however , no one was there .
She called in another female supervisor who had seen the man .
They talked for a moment , and then the other woman screamed , her face as white as , well , a ghost .
The supervisor spun around to see the man standing right behind her .
Then , he vanished before their eyes .
Other creepy stuff : one nurse was sneaking a smoke outside the empty cafeteria when someone grabbed her hard by the shoulders and jerked her back .
When the nurse gained her footing , she glanced around the room only to find that the room was empty , the doors locked .
Another nurse was grabbed by her hair and yanked back so hard her chair almost fell over .
Also , one of the units featured a mural of Snow White and the Seven Dwarves where Grumpy ’s face would transform occasionally into a sinister image .
Also , a dirt road that runs behind the buildings is said to be very haunted , with bizarre accidents occurring regularly there .
Nowadays , the spirits are as busy as ever .
Children ’s voices can still be heard from what used to be the children ’s center .
Old swing sets swing without any wind or hand to push them .
Other students have heard shouts and banging there .
Some claim to have seen a black , shadowy figure .
An old woman in white has been seen wandering the halls .
Another old woman has been spotted outside the bell tower , asking for directions to the chapel .
Shushing voices have been heard in the bathrooms .
A man has been seen spinning around in the parking lot until he disappears under one of the streetlights .
Students have reported seeing people out of the corner of their eye who vanish when they look directly at them .
One female student told of how her boyfriend stole a painting from one of the wards , began acting bizarre , and became possessed by the ghost of a former inmate .
When he went nuts and threatened to kill her , she called the cops , and he was eventually admitted to a mental institution .
Many have reported inexplicable nausea and headaches upon setting foot on campus .
First - day - of - school jitters or something more sinister at work ?
Well , Happy Halloween , everybody !
Hope this gave you that cathartic scare , that dose of adrenaline you ’ve been needing .
I repeat , if you are in the midst of your college search , do yourself a favor and remove these schools from your list .
Now go change your underpants , fill yourselves with ridiculous amounts of sugar and transfatty acids , and be merry …
[ lavalinx code = ” 55|110|13160 ″ ]
A Michigan State Police ( MSP ) forensics expert has been sacked for testing her husband 's underpants for DNA evidence that he was cheating on her , the Detroit News reports .
Ann Chamberlain , 33 , was given her marching orders on Tuesday following an internal MSP investigation " into violations of department administrative policy " .
She 'd previously been suspended from her post after admitting to a divorce hearing in Ingham County Circuit Court 's Family Division in March that she had " tested the underwear of her husband , Charles Gordon , in September 2006 for evidence that he had cheated on her " .
Under questioning , Chamberlain said the tests had revealed : " Another female .
It was n't me . "
Gordon denied the infidelity charges .
At a later family court hearing in May , Chamberlain elaborated that she " ran the DNA tests on her husband 's underwear using expired chemical agents that were going to be thrown away by the department " .
Gordon and Chamberlain , who have one child , were finally divorced in July .
The former 's attorney , Michael Maddaloni , described the latter as " a dangerous woman " , and insisted " law enforcement officials should be looking into prior cases that Chamberlain investigated " .
Chamberlain had " given expert testimony in several high - profile cases , including the death of seven - year - old Ricky Holland and the 2005 murder of Lansing Community College professor Carolyn Kronenberg " , the Detroit News notes . ®
I am proud to say that I was born a Negro American Citizen , April 19 , 1951 to Lee L. Mercer , Sr and Tommie Mercer .
My father and mother are both American Citizens .
I am the third son of four sons from that matrimonial union .
My mother had an additional son and daughter .
My birthplace was Henderson , Texas , but I was raised in Overton , Texas .
I went to school from the first grade to the nineth grade at ARP Industrial High School , a negro public school and later , to the intergraded High School System at ARP High School , Arp , Texas .
In my elementary school years , we competed against international schools academics and we won .
During my high school years I competed in football during my sophomore and junior years .
I was awarded all - district second team and all - state second team football honors .
Due to a football injury , I was unable to compete in football during my senior year .
I was a member of the Science Club and Class Officer in my Agriculture Future Farmers of America development , where we took our school queen to the finals at Texas Tech University .
I was a class officer for four years in Agriculture and two years in regular class development .
Since my high school graduation in 1969 , I developed myself to my own academic interest to be a Collegiate Professional .
I moved to Houston Texas and went to a Dental Trade school .
I graduated , married my first wife in November of 1970 and volunteered for the US Navy in December of that same year .
I worked as a striker dental technician in the Navy while serving my last 18 months in the Navy aboard the Aircraft Carrier USS Independence CVA - 62 .
I took a discharge in December of 1972 .
I joined my family in Lousiana and moved to Houston Texas in December 1972 .
I have lived in Houston for the last 34 years .
I worked in Houston for two years before entering Texas Southern University in 1975 .
I worked my way through college and received my Bachelor of Business Administration from the School of Business at Texas Southern University in May 1983 .
In my senior year of business school at TSU , I took the Naval Academy ROTC Officer Core School exam to get a Masters of Business Administration .
The referring board appointed me to the Military Academy at West Point , but later that schedule was altered by the Navy recruiter .
I went to work for the Small Business Administration , collecting on business loans under a one - year contract and was referred from them to the mortgage industry , where I became Vice - President of Foreclosures of the 4th largest mortgage company in the Nation .
By 1984 , I had married for the second time .
I have two sons , one from each marraige .
One son is now a senior in college studying electrical engineering , while the other is a small business person awaiting his graduation from the United States Army Military Intelligence Academy .
I was very successful in the business world for about three years or more until the economy suffered from very high unemployment .
I bought a mortgage brokerage , going into business for myself .
Due to the continuing high unemployment , I took the military exam again to go back into the military to learn about computers toward the end on 1989 to enter the Texas Army National Guard .
I scored 100 % again high enough to be an officer for the second time .
I joined the Texas Army National Guard as an E - 3 weekend soldier under a one - year contract from 1989 to the end of 1990 .
In 1991 , I re-enlisted for six years in the Texas Army National Guard during the Saudi Arabia War and I was ordered into Intelligence and promoted into two titles .
On August 22 , 1992 , The State of Texas installed an intelligence hotwire in me at the United States Army Military Intelligence Academy Camp Bullis San Antonio , Texas .
The continuation of my biography background experience , graduate education and political experience is being held because of a Lack of authorities debriefing funds and interest for their liability to me .
I am in a stalled police debriefing with the Houston Police Department waiting for me to sue to complete my debriefing for my background biography with them in the United States Army Military Intelligence Academy Camp Bullis San Antonio , Texas The University of Texas ROTC to West Point Military Academy U.S. Navy doctorate degree in Police Science .
As a part of my continuing eduaction , I am making my presidential campaign part of my ROTC Intelligence Academics to record the learnings , doings , and examples of the United States Government as a government consultant , community developer , and financial planner appointed by the United States Federal Congress to record my biography in the United States Government Presidential Election for 2008 from Electronic Surveillance to develop records on the United States Government Presidential Campaign because I am on an academic intelligence hotwire that can not be unhooked by anyone .
I have a doctor degree Phd. as a doctor of laws , medicine ( not practitioner of medicine , i.e. physicians , surgeons ) , theology , management , engineering and other subjects that are guaranteed by the United States Army in ROTC to be presented to me in a court of Law only .
I will receive my doctor degrees in a court of law only .
My final graduation will be in a United States of America ’s Court which was ordered by my second ROTC Board and Staff Janet Reno former U.S. Attorney General , former Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army and Secretary Of State of The United States General Colin Powell , Sr. and former Secretary of The United States Army Togo West .
They will be joining me circumstantially later .
I won scholar of the world in World Management at Rice University from the President Of Rice University development in engineering with him and the German Government .
I won road scholar from the United States Navy / United States Marine Corp. at West Point .
All of my records of authencation will be brought forward into court by former board and staff that I have named above according to law for my day in court .
My present wife and son are members of Boynton United Methodist Church in Houston Texas and my son from my first wife is a member of a Catholic Church in Lake Charles Lousiana .
I am a member of a Buddhist Church named Soka Gaakai International–USA .
Also in my biography , that is stalled in a police debriefing , I am a member of the United State Army Military Intelligence Academy Camp Bullis San Antonio Texas at the University of Texas ROTC School of Religion as the Director , the developer of a new United States Army Military Intelligence Buddhist religion for the United States Army and the U.S. Army Military Intelligence Chaplain in charge .
The United States Military Police and Federal Police are doing a biography and autobiography of me regulating the United States Government National and International affiliated with and undercover intelligence - Criminal investigation of the United States Government .
The United States Federal Congress has encouraged me to want to become President of the United States so that I can do what the President of the United States of America is supposed to do and complete the federal and military government biography and autobiography .
Once , I am elected to the office of President of the United States of America the thing I am going to do for the people is regulate the office of the President of the United States of America right and not wrong .
[ Seaside ] [ OT ] Lisp vs. Smalltalk
On Wed , 5 Jun 2002 , Frank Sergeant wrote : >
Well , somewhat off - topic and for my relatively idle curiosity , I thought >
I would ask about your use of Lisp versus Smalltalk .
From other posts , >
I have gathered you were web programming in Lisp and then switched to > Squeak ?
Why ?
What are the tradeoffs as you see them ?
Oh dear , that question .
My take is roughly this : Lisp gives you macros .
Macros are very appealing - they are immensely powerful , and let you approach problems , in a very real sense , by building a custom language within which to solve them .
This is very much the way I prefer to write code - do n't bring the problem to the language , bring the language to the problem .
On the face of it , Smalltalk 's lack of macros makes it rather less useful than Lisp .
However , Smalltalk makes an engineering trade off .
It says , no , you do n't get macros , you get one syntax and one paradigm .
It 's a very powerful paradigm , but it 's the only one you get .
In return , however , we can do this : because we know exactly what paradigm you 're writing your code in , we can support it in all these amazing ways .
We can have browsers that structure your code meaningfully , we can have change sets that track program modifications semantically instead of textually , we can build automated refactoring support , and so on .
To me , this is a worthwhile trade off : I lose some of the strict power of Lisp , but I gain a hugely productive environment .
That 's also where I think Self might have gone wrong .
Self removed some of the paradigm restrictions - yes , you * can * build class systems , but you do n't have to .
But giving you the choice reduces you to writing all your code in inspectors instead of browsers .
Obviously you could impose arbitrary restrictions on Lisp , or build more structured frameworks out of something like Self or Scheme , but then what do you end up with ?
A non-standard , buggy implementation of half of Smalltalk ;-) .
A couple of other engineering points in Smalltalk 's favor : closures / blocks have a much lighter - weight syntax in Smalltalk , and thus can be realistically used in more places without wrapping them in macros .
Also , although I love multimethods , the generic function approach to polymorhism does n't allow # doesNotUnderstand : , which is invaluable for things like distributed objects and database systems . >
There seems to be a certain amount of the " care and feeding of the > image " necessary in Smalltalk that the use of Lisp might avoid , > although I guess Smalltalk could be used that way by starting from a > standard base image and reloading packages ( Dolphin ) or change sets .
I 've had decent success recently in Squeak with my DVS system , which syncs a smalltalk image with on - disk source code ( this is similar to the cvstproj , but tailored to my needs ) .
An interesting point between Smalltalk and Lisp , by the way , is Ruby - Smalltalk semantics , but no image , and decent support for metaprogramming .
If you have n't looked into it yet I suggest you check it out .
Avi
We said in a section at the end of this article entitled Collapsing colonies that cases of entire bee colonies dying out suddenly had been reported in the UK .
The Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs would like to make clear that fears that colony collapse disorder had struck in the UK have so far proved to be unfounded .
Let the neighbours mutter in dismay .
Unruly , overgrown gardens have been highlighted as a vital refuge for the nation 's dwindling bumblebee population , in a countrywide survey by conservationists .
Patches of garden that are left to run wild have been ranked as one of the richest for nesting bumblebees , offering better shelter and food resources than farmland and wooded areas , the report finds .
More than 700 volunteers took part in the National Bumblebee Nest Survey , with each scouring a garden and at least one other natural habitat to help with the understanding of the insects ' favoured nesting sites .
Britain has about 25 native species of bumblebee , although three have been declared nationally extinct .
Populations of nine other species are so precarious they have , or are due to be , designated special concerns by the government 's Biodiversity Action Plan .
In total , 15 species have seen serious contractions in their numbers , a drop that has alarmed conservationists .
The survey , published today in the Journal of Applied Ecology , found that gardens had among the highest densities of bumblebee nests , with an average of 36 nests per hectare .
Farmland fencing was also identified as a rich habitat for the insects , with 37.2 nests per hectare .
Other countryside habitats made less suitable nesting grounds , with hedgerows being home to about 30 nests an hectare and woodlands just 11 nests an hectare .
Bumblebees build nests above ground or just beneath and line them with moss and leaves .
Slightly neglected gardens are particularly good habitats for the bees because of the abundance of nesting options , such as compost heaps and bird boxes , and additionally the rich variety of flowers over the year that many gardeners cultivate .
" These kinds of gardens really provide a refuge for bumblebees , as long as people do n't manage them too carefully , " said Juliet Osborne , an ecologist at Rothamsted Research , the agricultural research centre based at Harpenden , Hertfordshire .
" If you 've got different grass areas , flower beds , compost heaps and hedges , there 's a vast variety of habitats for bumblebees , " she said .
Dr Osborne added : " Bumblebees are happier in gardens that are not perfectly tended .
If you can leave some of the grass uncut , and a few areas looking slightly untidy , that 's what they love .
Even if most of your garden is neat and tidy it 's a good idea to let some areas stay undisturbed .
Behind the garden shed or garage are good places .
You should also make sure you 've got a variety of plants that flourish throughout the season . "
Bumblebees are important pollinators of crops and wild plants , but their populations have been in steep decline for the past 50 years .
The loss is thought to be linked to the impact of intensive farming on the plants the bees seek out for food .
But as well as food , the insects need nesting sites for queens to start new colonies every spring .
Analysis of the survey data showed that in springtime queens favoured nesting sites tucked into the straight - running lines of fences that border green spaces .
Although gardens account for only 2 % of the land in Britain , the high density of fences and borders that mark out adjoining gardens makes these individual plots rich nesting sites for bumblebees .
" The gardens seem to be where the bumblebees establish themselves before moving out to the countryside , " said Dr Osborne .
Changes in farming practice since the second world war have seen the size of fields increase , which has led to fewer hedgerows , making the managed countryside a less attractive prospect for the insects .
In the open countryside , bumblebees may have to expend more energy foraging for nectar because wild flowering plants will be seasonal and possibly sparsely distributed .
That gardens have been found to play such a critical role has added to scientists ' concerns about the trend for paving over lawns .
" This is a very serious issue for the bumblebees , " Dr Osborne said .
In April , a report from the Royal Commission on Environmental Pollution concluded that the loss of garden greenery - to patios , decking and parking space - was having a devastating effect on wildlife in Britain .
In urban environments , with few trees , shrubs and grass , many creatures find it impossible to find food and shelter , it said .
Dr Osborne said the latest study highlighted habitats , such as woodland borders and farmland fences , where conservation efforts should be directed .
" Although in the countryside the total area occupied by field margins and hedgerows is relatively small , sympathetic management - as encouraged by environmental stewardship schemes - could improve bumblebee nesting opportunities in farmland . "
Explainer : Collapsing colonies
The rapid decline in bee populations over the past 50 years in the UK is generally blamed on intensive management of farmland , which has led to a loss of hedgerows and flowering plants that are crucial for the survival of the insects .
But recently , there has been an increase in reports of entire bee colonies dying out suddenly , a phenomenon called " colony collapse disorder " .
Such sudden deaths are usually witnessed late in the summer or early spring when older bees die off , leaving the queen and workers unprepared to forage .
The US was particularly badly hit , with beekeepers in 24 states reporting such cases .
Other incidents followed in Italy , Spain , and Portugal , as well as in Britain .
In April , a team of scientists at Landau University in Germany suggested tentatively that radiation from cell phones might be to blame for the collapse of colonies by interferring with the bees ' navigation systems .
They put phone base units into two honeybee hives and timed how long it took the animals to return after being released 800 metres away .
After 45 minutes one of the colonies had still not returned .
The lead researcher , Jochen Kuhn , said the study provided only a " hint " at a cause , and did not prove that radiation from the phone units was to blame .
It was a Friday afternoon in June .
The sky over Gaza was a broad wash of purple blue , and along the seafront the surf was breaking into small whitecaps .
Ali Ghalia was on a day off from his work as a farmer and decided to take his family for lunch on the beach at Beit Lahiya , a few minutes ' drive from their home .
The beach on the Mediterranean , with its rolling dunes and dry grasses , is a rare delight in a stretch of land ground down by poverty , overcrowding , militancy and decades of military occupation .
It is free to the public and barely touched by development - just a few half - built hotels are dotted along the 25 - mile coastline , the shadow of a tourist industry that never was .
Ghalia had two wives , as is still sometimes the custom in the Palestinian territories , and both were with him on the beach that day , along with their dozen children and their beach kit : several plastic armchairs , plates of food and cooking pots , flasks of tea , plastic toys , blankets to sit on and a small cot for the baby .
They ate lunch and lazed in the sunshine , and were still on the beach shortly after 4.30 pm .
Although it was a Friday afternoon , others in Gaza were still at work , among them Zakariah Abu Harbeed , 37 , a cameraman with Ramattan , the leading Palestinian news agency .
He is based at the agency 's 10th - floor offices in Gaza City , ready to report breaking stories .
Often in Gaza that means covering the conflict - dozens of times he has filmed the dead and the dying , and he has been shot at and wounded in the process .
That Friday , Abu Harbeed had been to Beit Hanoun , a town close to the northern border of the strip , to film the scene of an Israeli attack on a group of suspected militants .
On his way back , he ran into another story .
The Israeli military had just destroyed a car that they also suspected was carrying militants .
He filmed that scene , too , and went to the hospital to get footage of the injured .
It was , for him , an ordinary day 's work .
It was shortly after 4.30 pm .
Then he took a call from a contact in the ambulance service : the Israeli military were shelling the beach at Beit Lahiya and there were casualties .
He called his driver and they jumped into the car .
That afternoon at the beach , Abu Harbeed shot about 10 minutes of film for which he later won two awards .
He arrived just in time to record the aftermath of a terrible explosion that had killed most of the Ghalia family .
Seven were dead : Ali Ghalia , 49 , and one of his wives , Ra'eesa , 35 , together with five children : Haitham , five months old ; Hanadi , 18 months ; Sabreen , four ; Ilham , 15 ; and Aliya , 17 .
Several others were injured , some severely , including more children from the family .
Much of the film Abu Harbeed made that day is so graphic it would never be broadcast on television in the west .
One clip , however , was broadcast repeatedly that day and in the days that followed .
It showed Huda Ghalia , aged 12 , distraught and sobbing by the body of her dead father .
It was an image distilling Palestinian despair , one that recalled the film of Mohammad al - Dura , the 12 - year - old boy who died in his father 's arms in Gaza in a hail of gunfire six years ago , at the start of the intifada .
Abu Harbeed talked me through the footage in a cramped video editing suite at the Ramattan offices .
It begins as they drive up to the beach , the film shot from the passenger seat through a cracked windscreen with the blare of a siren in the background .
There is one ambulance , its back door open , and half a dozen men shouting and panicked .
Between them they uncover one limp body after another , dragging them out quickly and either placing them on a stretcher or running with them to the ambulance .
They do n't have time to notice that several of the bodies they are carrying are dead , the wounds horrific , impossible to survive .
One of the men reaches for a girl , grabs her black clothes at the shoulder and places her on a green canvas stretcher .
Her left arm has been blown off just above the elbow .
She is pale , unconscious and looks dead , but in fact she survives .
I learned later that her name is Amani .
Somewhere among the bodies is her sister , Ayhaam .
She , too , is badly injured but survives .
As this was going on , Abu Harbeed just stood still and filmed .
He is a professional just doing his job , and methodical .
" You can see I 'm not getting close to the bodies , " he said , " that 's too much for the audience .
I 'm getting the wide picture .
But then I felt there was someone alive nearby , as if there was some life coming out of this death .
Suddenly Huda imposed herself on this massacre . "
Huda is at the corner of the screen , watching the men remove the bodies .
She stands still , her arms by her side .
She is in a blue T - shirt , her black hair curled down to her shoulders .
As the last body is removed , Huda turns around and starts to run , her hands reach forward , the fingers splayed .
Abu Harbeed follows her with his camera .
" I could n't tell where she was going .
I just followed her . "
Huda reaches a dune , stops running and clasps her arms across her chest .
She begins to scream : " Oh father , oh father " , and the screaming continues even as she throws herself into the sand .
The camera pans back to show her lying next to the body of her father , Ali Ghalia , broad - shouldered with a grey moustache and lying on his back .
His mouth and eyes are open , but he is dead , his pupils rolled up under his eyelids .
Huda is still screaming .
By now Abu Harbeed was quietly crying in the editing suite .
After a minute he looked up .
" I do n't like to see these pictures .
They make me suffer , " he said simply .
" I wanted people to see that this is a family that did nothing to anyone .
There are no weapons , no military uniforms , just a picnic . "
Beit Lahiya is a poor neighbourhood in the far north of the Gaza Strip .
Many of the householders used to work as labourers in Israel , but since a clampdown on permits for work that income has dried up .
Most now make a living farming the fields that lie just to the north , between the town and the concrete wall and steel fence that marks the border with Israel .
But Gaza 's farming industry is also struggling , thanks to Israel 's repeated closure of the major crossing points out of the strip .
Those closures have so damaged farm exports that many no longer bother investing in the seeds to plant cash crops such as strawberries and cherry tomatoes in the first place .
Israel says the closures are justified on grounds of security .
In effect it means that poverty levels have risen ( unemployment in Gaza is running at 40 % , according to the UN ) and many families , like the Ghalias , have run up credit at local grocery stores which they hope to pay off in the future .
The Ghalia family house is unexceptional : a two - storey breeze block structure that looks at least partly homemade .
It has a red - tin door , and next to it a spindly cactus that rises up to the height of the first floor and bows under the weight of the family washing line .
Outside , there is a constant noise of children playing and the occasional donkey - drawn cart that passes by : the first has a boy with a loud - hailer advertising his tray of freshly caught fish ; a few minutes later another cart goes by with baskets of live chickens .
The family live on the ground floor , in a couple of empty rooms furnished only with mattresses and blankets that are rolled up and stacked against the wall each morning .
Huda shares a bare bedroom with her two younger sisters , Hadeel , eight , and Latifa , seven .
In the months after the explosion on the beach , I went to visit Huda and her family many times , to listen to the story of a household struck by a tragedy , a family that captured the headlines and then dropped from sight .
I ate with them , went to school with them , drove with them to see relatives and visited their injured in hospital .
The first time I met the Ghalias , they were sitting on plastic chairs in the sunshine outside the front door of the house .
Ayham , 20 , the oldest son , receives visitors .
He is quiet and surly , and like most of the men in the family he smokes , though not in front of his mother or uncles .
Since his father 's death , he has become responsible for taking a lead in family decisions .
He also works as a part - time guard at a local UN office and has begun a two - year secretarial diploma at the Islamic University in Gaza City .
The university is affiliated to Hamas , the Islamic militant movement elected into power a year ago , and the course is to be paid for by Hamas : one of a small number of official contributions made to the family since what they call simply " the incident " .
After a while , Huda appeared .
She was barefoot and dressed in a black cloak with a white veil on her head .
A gold bracelet hung from her wrist .
She was quiet and monosyllabic : still visibly affected by what had happened .
Huda and her two younger sisters have started at a new school , a Hamas - run girls ' school in Gaza City , their tuition another gift from Hamas .
She said she preferred the new school .
" I have new friends now , " she said .
" I do n't see the old friends any more . "
She had just returned from a visit that she , her two sisters , her mother and her aunt made to the United Arab Emirates .
" It was fine , " she said .
It was her first time out of Gaza .
Some weeks later , Huda produced a photo album of that trip .
The visit the family described to me was part political and part medical .
Huda 's mother , Hamdiya , 41 , who had been badly injured in the right hand , was treated in hospital , as were Latifa and Hadeel .
The film of Huda on the beach turned her into such a symbolic figure that many Arab officials queued up to see her .
One photograph shows Huda standing with her fingers in a V for victory salute , in front of a poster of Abbas and the late Yasser Arafat .
Another shows her sitting on a sofa in a pink dress and wide - brimmed hat , talking to the deputy prime minister of the Emirates .
But the pictures the children most enjoy show them incongruously dressed in red ski outfits and helmets , holding plastic sleds at a vast indoor ski centre in Dubai .
In Gaza , Huda had already met Ismail Haniyeh , the Hamas prime minister , and Mahmoud Abbas , the Palestinian president .
Both spoke of adopting her , as did other dignitaries she met .
They meant that loosely - not taking her into their families to bring up as their own , but offering her moral and financial support .
They were public gestures , singling out a girl suffering a private grief .
On their return from the Emirates , Huda crossed back into Gaza through Israel with a special VIP pass .
Her mother and the rest of the family had to cross from Egypt , through the Rafah crossing , which is frequently closed and always overcrowded .
They had no special passes .
With so much attention paid to the young girl , it is perhaps not surprising that the family began to feel a degree of frustration .
For one thing , their neighbours presumed that this political attention , international travel and talk of adoption would translate into great financial wealth for the Ghalias .
Hamas stepped forward to pay for the children 's education , and a Qatari charity paid for the rebuilding of a house for Amani , the eldest daughter , married with two children , who lost most of her left arm in the incident .
President Abbas provided around £ 1,000 and there appears to be the promise of money from the Emirates to pay to rebuild the family house - although eight months on from the incident , no work has begun .
But there has been no more than that .
Only after some time did it become clear to the neighbourhood that the Ghalias were still living as precariously as everyone around them .
Secondly , there was the extraordinary attention Huda received .
Although she featured prominently in the footage shot on the beach , she was only lightly injured .
The family was upset by the iconic status she had been given and angry that the others , who suffered much more serious physical wounds , had been overlooked .
Huda 's younger brother , Adham , 10 , suffered serious shrapnel wounds to his stomach and mouth , and was eventually transferred to the US for treatment .
He is still living there , looked after by a series of expatriate Palestinian families who ensure he receives the medical care he needs and that he is attending school .
He calls home several times a week .
Huda 's two elder sisters , Amani and Ayhaam , who were the most seriously injured , have been in and out of hospital , and still have months of serious operations ahead of them .
" Huda was seen on television , that 's all , " said Hassan Ghalia .
" But it is not only Huda , believe me .
She is the one who saw everything and was seen by the world , but other people lost so much and nobody saw them . "
Hassan , 33 , is one of Huda 's uncles , the thinner and younger brother of her dead father , Ali .
Of the several uncles who live nearby and take care of the family , Hassan is perhaps the most mature .
He , too , is a farmer , but can't afford to plant this year and has no other work .
He is carefully spoken and always points out that though he blames the Israeli military for the explosion , he does not blame the Israeli people , with whom he hopes the Palestinians will one day find peace .
He told me , " The Palestinians firing rockets at Israel are doing it out of ideology .
The Israeli military who fire at us are doing it out of ideology .
And we are just crushed in the middle . "
In the months ahead , it was Hassan who volunteered to look after his niece , Ayhaam , accompanying her on the trips to hospital in Israel and taking care of her physiotherapy on her return .
And after all , he said , this was not the first crisis to hit the family .
A year and a half earlier , in January 2005 , several of his nephews were involved in another , equally traumatic incident : seven children , all under the age of 18 , were killed , and seven other people , including five more children , were severely injured when they were hit by Israeli tank shells .
The children , most from the Ghaben family , were in farmland just north of Beit Lahiya , picking strawberries .
Witnesses said militants had been firing mortars from the fields over the border into Israel that morning , but disappeared as the Israeli shelling began .
The Israeli military said it targeted a group of masked men preparing to fire more mortars .
Three of the children lost both their legs - including Issa Ghalia , now 15 , who is a regular visitor to Huda 's family .
He was treated in Israel and later in Iran .
He was fitted with a pair of prosthetic legs , but prefers not to use them and instead would swing through the gate , up the steps and on to a chair using his arms alone .
" The legs are good , but sometimes I just get tired of them , " he said one day as he sat listening to the family 's news .
It is attacks such as these that have discouraged farmers in northern Gaza from going anywhere near their fields by the border .
On a Saturday morning I went to Huda 's new school , the Dar al - Arqam , which is large , clean and imposing .
Three newly - painted buildings stand on three sides of a large concrete playground .
It has been open since August 2003 and around 1,500 children , aged between five and 15 , study here .
Nearly all are girls , although there are temporarily a small number of boys , too , because their school was damaged in recent fighting .
All the teachers are women .
" It is our kingdom , " the deputy head , Eman Nassar , 34 , told me .
She took a degree in biochemistry at an Egyptian university and spent six years as a kindergarten teacher in Gaza before coming to the school .
Around a third of the children are loosely termed " orphans " , meaning one or both of their parents have either died during the conflict or are among the 10,000 Palestinians held in Israeli jails .
Like Huda and her sisters , they do not pay school fees .
In addition , any child in the fourth grade or above who scores more than 95 % in their end of year exams is exempt from school fees , which range up to 320 Jordanian dinars ( £ 240 ) a year .
The school is openly affiliated to Hamas - although the teachers are at pains to insist that does not make them signed - up members of the movement - and there is a strong religious element to the teaching .
Qur'anic learning is a key part of the children 's curriculum , as are Arabic , English , science , maths , geography and history , all taught from government textbooks .
Almost all the girls wear a uniform of a black cloak and a white veil over their hair .
At home I noticed Huda now almost always veiled her hair , though her hair was not veiled that day at the beach .
" We work for God , not for Hamas or Islamic Jihad or anyone else , " said Nassar .
" We work for God and we want our children to be the best . "
The children themselves are not all from Hamas - supporting families - the Ghalias , for example , are almost wholly divorced from politics and show no particular loyalty to any of Gaza 's political factions .
Nassar said the goal of the school is to teach the children to think , not to prepare them for any set role as women or in politics .
" Everyone has to learn .
But how you use that knowledge , that 's what 's important , " she said .
The teachers are all well - educated and the school is in far better condition than government schools in the area .
The school day is longer , and the class sizes smaller .
Huda , with her government school background , found herself well behind other girls of her age .
Her English was particularly poor and she was extremely reluctant to speak up in class .
It did n't help that she was teased a lot by the other children , and even now in between classes she plays with her sisters more than her classmates .
" The other children would run after her saying , ' Huda Ghalia , Huda Ghalia ' , and , ' Oh father , oh father ' , just like they 'd seen on television , " said her teacher , Nadia Shurafa , 25 .
" Her response was to be shy and not talk to anyone .
She tried to forget about what happened , but no one lets her forget .
She just wants to be normal . "
The conflict in Gaza has such a huge impact on all the children 's lives that the school does its own psychological work .
There are several others like Huda who have seen members of their families killed in front of them .
Sometimes it is a matter of stepping in to prevent fighting in the playground .
" They fight very easily , " said Nassar .
" They form themselves into different militia groups and act out what they 've seen .
Or they play ' I 'm a Jew , you 're a Palestinian ' .
You have to keep your eyes on them and try to get them to talk about what they feel .
And sometimes you just have to accept what they do . "
One teacher , Asma'a Obaid , 24 , runs one - on - one sessions for the most traumatised children , including Huda .
She encourages them to talk through their experiences and to draw scenes from the incidents they have been through .
Obaid flicked through some of the most recent paintings on her desk .
They show pictures of dead children , helicopters firing missiles into buildings and key events in recent Gazan history , including the killing of the Hamas spiritual leader , Sheikh Ahmed Yassin .
" Sometimes the children say they want to kill the person who killed their father , or brother , or whoever it was , " Obaid said .
" We tell them it 's better to educate themselves . "
She often asks the children to draw a happier picture than the violence all around them , and she produced one painting drawn by Huda that showed a large , multicoloured house next to a row of trees , with flowers and seven people in the garden and a smiling sun in the sky .
" A specialist psychologist visited the school and saw this and said this represents where Huda wants to be , this place of stability and sunshine , " Obaid said .
Huda 's days are spent at school , or playing with brothers , sisters and cousins at home or the house of one of two uncles , Hassan and Yahya , who both live across the street .
Every few weeks she is driven down to the south , to a house in the sand dunes near Khan Yunis , to see the woman she knows as her grandmother , who for 20 years has acted as a spiritual healer .
I went with her once and watched as the old woman talked to Huda , reading to her from the Qur'an and feeding her a sweet - smelling juice made of amber and musk , a potion rumoured to have special remedial properties .
" This helps to push out the fear , " said the 70 - year - old woman , Um Khalid , the mother of Ali Ghalia 's second wife , Ra'eesa , who was Huda 's stepmother and who was also killed in the beach explosion .
" Thanks to God and this liquid , everyone gets better .
I have a connection with God , you see .
I just make the treatment and it all comes out of her .
She calms down and she has really improved over time .
They will forget eventually . "
One afternoon , Huda was standing on the roof terrace of her family house in Beit Lahiya , picking passion fruit off a vine with her mother and younger sisters .
The terrace looks over the back garden , which is small but full of trees : figs , oranges , lemon , a date palm and a banana tree that needs cutting back .
It was several months after the incident on the beach and Huda was slowly beginning to open up .
She was still shy , but less withdrawn than when I first met her .
We talked about the new school , which she seemed to prefer .
She talked about perhaps being a lawyer in future - this is what Sheikh Hamdan , the deputy prime minister in the Emirates , had suggested : " Become a lawyer , defend your rights . "
She talked about the television - the footage of her still reappears occasionally on the Arabic news channels .
" We do n't have a television and I wo n't go to any house that does have a television , " she said .
Her teachers say she is too frightened to look at any photographs of herself .
" I remember that day and what happened , " Huda said .
" I can't forget it and sometimes I dream of it .
I am trying to forget , but I can't . "
As is often the case in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , the cause of the explosion that afternoon on the beach is much disputed .
The Ghalia family and others hold the Israeli military responsible for the blast , saying an artillery shell hit the family .
The Israeli military had fired thousands of shells into Gaza in the preceding weeks , aimed at preventing Palestinian rocket attacks on Israeli towns , and admitted firing a number of shells from the sea and the land on that Friday .
But the Israel Defence Force denied responsibility at the time and , in a written response for this article , said the explosion that killed the Ghalias was " without a doubt , not caused by the IDF " .
This conclusion was based on " intelligence analysis , Palestinian claims , media coverage of the incident and IDF filmed footage that documented all IDF activity during that day " .
It admitted the Israeli military had fired six artillery shells : the IDF could account for where five of those shells landed , but not the first shell , which it said was fired at 4.30 pm .
" The possibility that this shell landed in the area of the incident is close to zero , " it said .
The IDF concluded , based on clips of video footage , that the blast happened some minutes later and not before 4.57 pm .
The IDF also said that two pieces of shrapnel taken from two of the people injured at the scene did not come from 155 mm IDF artillery shells .
In its written response , the IDF offered no other possible cause for the blast , though in the days after the incident it suggested there had been a coincidental separate explosion on the beach at that time in the afternoon , caused either by a buried old shell or a mine planted by Hamas .
Several human rights groups and press reports at the time raised points of difference with the IDF account .
In particular , a detailed article by the Guardian 's Chris McGreal on June 17 showed that the timings noted in hospital records , and by a doctor and an ambulance driver , indicated that the blast happened some minutes earlier than the IDF maintains - so challenging the IDF 's central claim that its shelling had stopped by the time the Ghalias were killed .
The article also cited a former Pentagon battlefield analyst working for Human Rights Watch who believed that the crater size , shrapnel , types of injuries and their location on the victims ' bodies ( particularly to the head and torso ) pointed to a shell dropping from the sky , not explosives under the sand .
Witnesses spoke of hearing other blasts at the time , consistent with a pattern of shells falling at the beach .
It happens quite frequently that severely ill or injured patients in Gaza who cannot get adequate treatment in the strip 's hospitals are allowed to cross into Israel .
And so it was with Huda 's two elder sisters , Amani and Ayhaam : shortly after the incident , both were taken to hospitals in Israel .
Amani , 23 , whose left arm had to be amputated above the elbow , was taken to hospital in Be'er Sheva and travels back and forth from Gaza on a regular basis .
Ayhaam , 17 , suffered severe injuries to her shoulders , chest , throat and legs , and for many months was confined to a wheelchair .
Of all those on the beach that day , she was perhaps the worst injured .
Six months after the incident , Ayhaam was back in hospital in Israel , sitting on a metal - framed chair in a third - floor room at the Assaf Harofeh Medical Centre , near Ramla .
With her was her uncle Hassan , who spent every day and every night in the ward at his niece 's bedside .
It was his first time in Israel since 1993 .
He spoke little Hebrew , the doctors spoke little Arabic , but he could talk to the cleaners , most of whom were Arab Israelis .
He found many of the Jewish families in the hospital welcoming .
" It 's more human than political , " he said as we sat together in the ward .
" Most people we 've met are compassionate .
Their reaction is : ' We suffer in the same way you suffer . ' "
It was Ayhaam 's third time at this hospital , and when she had arrived about two weeks earlier , the doctors had been deeply concerned and advised an urgent operation .
The problem was with her windpipe , which had narrowed so much that she was having difficulty breathing .
It was n't clear to the doctors whether the narrowing was caused by a shrapnel injury , or was the result of a long intubation in another hospital , or whether a small opening in the windpipe had become infected .
Whichever , Dr Ilan Bar , one of Israel 's leading cardio - thoracic surgeons , concluded that he needed to cut away the narrowed section of the trachea and then reconnect the remaining ends .
In a small office off the wards , Bar opened his textbook to show me the procedure .
" You pray to God that it does n't disrupt , " he said .
" It is very rare and very risky . "
For the first few hours after the operation , it appeared to have been successful .
Then , when Bar was out at a Saturday night football match at his Tel Aviv local club , he was called back to the hospital : Ayhaam 's condition had seriously deteriorated .
" That Saturday night the doctor told me there was n't anything more they could do , " Hassan said .
" We were just waiting for her to die . "
But by the Sunday morning Ayhaam had recovered .
" For now I can say the procedural technique was successful , " said Bar .
" Now I want to take care of all the other problems she has , like walking and movement , clearing her lungs , healing her bladder .
Our procedure was life - saving ; now let 's deal with the other problems that can make her life whole . "
On the Tuesday after her operation , Ayhaam was sitting up , alert , in her room .
Her feet , sunk in a pair of pink slippers , had been gently taped to a simple pedal machine to begin the first stages of physiotherapy .
Bar , on his morning rounds , seemed pleased with her condition .
" Today for the first time I saw her smiling , " he said .
" Before , she used to just lie on the bed like a sack of potatoes . "
I asked him about the politics of the case , but he was dismissive .
It was not the first time he has treated Palestinian patients : seriously injured children are quite often sent to his hospital and he has once visited Gaza to meet doctors there .
Two weeks later , Hassan and Ayhaam travelled back to Gaza by ambulance .
The driver stopped at a hospital in Be'er Sheva to pick up another Palestinian patient , an elderly women in the final stages of cancer who was heading back to Gaza to die at her family 's side .
But the woman was sicker than the doctors had thought and she died in the ambulance .
The driver had no choice but to carry on his journey .
They passed quickly through the Erez crossing into northern Gaza .
At that point , Hassan noticed , the driver suddenly speeded up and took a corner too quickly .
The ambulance lurched over and toppled on to its side , throwing Hassan , Ayhaam and the dead woman on top of each other across the vehicle .
The pair were bruised but not badly hurt , and as he told the story later , Hassan shrugged as if this sort of bad fortune was something they had come to expect .
The last time I saw them , Ayhaam was sitting on the porch of Hassan 's house , warming herself in the afternoon sun .
Most of the rest of the family were around her , apart from Adham , who was still in the US .
Huda , who had just finished her end - of - term exams , was there , along with her younger sisters and her mother , as well as Amani , back briefly from hospital in Israel and soon to be fitted with a prosthetic arm .
Her husband and their two children were with her .
The family were laughing among themselves , and it was the first time I had seen them like this .
They were happy to have the two elder girls home , and celebrating the news that another of Huda 's uncles , Yahya , 38 , had finally got himself a job working as a gardener for the municipal authority .
It was to pay him just 1,000 shekels a month , but this was the first time he'd had work for many months .
Yahya , who is always quick to make light of their lives , joked that he was so important at work , he 'd soon be able to supply bags of flour and food for the family .
" Ask God not to fire him , " said Hassan , feigning a look of despair .
He talked about Ayhaam and her slow recovery , and finding suitable medical care for her in Gaza , which has now become his main responsibility .
As the family chatted , there was no mention of the day on the beach last summer .
I asked Hassan what he felt now about that day .
" Eight months have gone by and nothing has changed , " he said .
" I know life goes on , but the scars are still deep . "
Ayhaam was soon to start physiotherapy , and to demonstrate her recovery she took a dozen uncertain and uncomfortable steps across the courtyard , supported by Hassan .
Huda walked alongside , holding Ayhaam by her fingertips .
LAS VEGAS ( Reuters ) - Matt Virtue , who works as a consultant at a Washington law firm , says he spends more than $ 10,000 ( 5,050 pounds ) a year to attend conventions , hotels and clubs where he and his girlfriend can have sex with other partners .
Two couples who met and swapped partners the night before at the annual convention of Lifestyles , the largest U.S. swingers organization , are pictured together at a Las Vegas Hotel , Las Vegas , Nevada , August 11 , 2007 .
The event features seminars , contests , pool parties and late night orgies for a middle aged crowd of mostly married couples in hotel suites .
Matt Virtue , 40 , a consultant without hat , lives with Michelle ( in red bikini ) , 38 , a government worker , outside Washington D.C. , Harry ( bald ) , 42 , a computer specialist , lives in LA and his girlfriend is rock and roll singer Vickie Lynn , 43 ( wearing sunglasses and hat ) .
Picture taken August 11 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Adam Tanner
“ Any other hobby that I was into at 40 years old is going to cost me $ 10,000 , ” he said from a hot tub he was sharing with his girlfriend and a couple with whom they had been intimate the night before .
“ Dude , I ’m addicted to it , there is no doubt about it . ”
Such enthusiasm has turned what were once private passions into a multimillion dollar business .
Lifestyles Organization , the nation ’s largest swinger services company , has annual sales of about $ 15 million .
Swingers also bring in millions of dollars to specialty clubs and hotels in the United States as well as Jamaica , Mexico , France and elsewhere .
“ We ’re talking about a lifestyle , but in reality we are also talking about a business , ” Robert McGinley , 73 , the president of Lifestyles Organization , said during its annual convention in Las Vegas , which attracts about 900 couples .
Lifestyles Organization caters to a middle - class demographic who want to meet like - minded couples and who typically want to hide their passions from what they call “ vanillas ” ( conventional couples ) .
Efforts to meet such couples outside those circles often fail , giving tour , club and convention organizers steady business .
Terri , 48 , attending the convention from Boise , Idaho -- who asked that her last name not be published -- said she and her husband of 21 years spend as much as $ 8,000 a year on several weeks of swinging vacations and club visits .
At this year ’s event , Anaheim , California - based Lifestyles Organization contracted out an entire hotel near the Las Vegas Strip and organized seminars and parties for middle - aged couples .
The most exhibitionist of those gathered in open hotel rooms after midnight to have sex as others watched or joined in .
Some couples made small talk as they were engaged in sex , including one man who boasted that his son was in medical school .
“ The other night I looked up and there were five or six people looking , ” said Terri , who retired from the U.S. Air Force two years ago .
“ I ’m glad I was giving them a good show . ”
“ I ’ve had three ( lovers ) in the past 24 hours . ”
Leading sex researchers say they do not know the number of swingers in the United States , so it is difficult to pinpoint how much business the subculture represents overall .
Rick Conner , a swinger and author of an advice book for such couples , estimates there are 100,000 U.S. swingers , of whom 20,000 are particularly active .
Other swingers have suggested the number is in the low millions .
PLEASE , NO SEX IN THE RESTAURANT
Despite the unusual focus of the convention , McGinley shares the bottom - line concerns of many businessmen .
“ In business there is risk and you have to decide is it a reasonable risk or not , ” he said .
“ Behind the scenes there is a lot of planning that goes into this and a lot of going over financials , financials of the past and what is the current situation . ”
He said couples paid a registration fee of $ 690 , out of which $ 200 covered costs , leaving an overall profit of more than $ 400,000 .
Couples pay additionally for hotel rooms and flight costs .
Lifestyles Organization faced a few unusual incidents .
His staff had to halt one couple from engaging in a sex act inside the Tuscany Suites restaurant .
Conventions bring Lifestyles $ 4 million in annual sales ; their travel business booking swinging guests into resorts such as Hedonism II in Jamaica or Desire in Mexico bring in another $ 10 million to $ 12 million a year , McGinley said .
“ We relax our already liberal rules to accommodate the Lifestyles Organization and make the entire resort clothing - optional , ” explained Richard Bourke , general manager of Hedonism II .
He said Lifestyles Organization books $ 2 million of rooms a year over six contracted weeks .
Hedonism II staff are barred from intimate relations with the guests and some have been fired for violating the edict , Bourke said .
“ You have resorts with big - name resort companies that are catering to it , ” McGinley said .
“ They ’re not into swinging at all , but they are into making money , and we ’re the ones that provide the clients for them . ”
Desire Resort and Spa in Los Cabos , Mexico opened in November with a focus on the swinging market .
About half of the guests are active swingers , according to Jesus Prado Leal , a receptionist .
Several hundred clubs nationwide also cater to swingers .
Jeff James , who works for Club Freedom Acres in San Bernardino County east of Los Angeles , said 225 to 260 couples visit on a typical Saturday night , paying $ 85 each , with a similar number on Fridays paying $ 65 .
“ It ’s doubled in daily attendance in the last three years , ” he said .
Swinging also boosts ancillary services such as breast enhancements and erectile dysfunction drugs .
“ Viagra is definitely part of the adult scene , ” said Deborah , a 52 - year old aesthetician grandmother from Dallas , Texas , who asked that her last name not be used .
“ Instead of four stars before , it ’s probably five stars now . ”
The crew are being held along with nine French citizens - three journalists and six members of the French charity Zoe 's Ark - in the eastern town of Abeche .
The charity says the children need medical treatment , but a BBC reporter says they appear to be in good health .
Inquiries also indicate they are not all orphans from Darfur , as Zoe 's Ark
says .
Staff from the United Nations children 's agency , Unicef , said many of the children cry at night for their parents and say they are from villages in Chad .
A spokesperson for Zoe 's Ark , Stephanie Lefebvre , has denied there was any plan to sell the children for adoption .
She insisted the children had been sick and needed help .
But the French foreign ministry has condemned the charity 's attempt to fly the children out of the country as " illegal and irresponsible " .
A court in Paris has launched a criminal investigation .
Westerners questioned
The BBC's Stephanie Hancock was among a group of reporters taken by Chadian authorities to the airport at Abeche , a town close to the Sudanese border , and shown the private charter plane still sitting on the runway where it was abandoned two days ago .
The reporters were later taken to the local police headquarters to see the 16 Westerners who were detained .
They are not held in prison cells but in a large room and are showing no signs of mistreatment , our correspondent says .
Zoe 's
Ark has denied there was any plan to sell the children for adoption
Spanish media have reported they are employees of the Barcelona - based charter company , Girjet .
The company said it had provided transport for the charity but was not otherwise involved in the plan , media reported .
Chadian authorities initially have 72 hours to question the group , a period which expires on Sunday morning , but are expected to seek a further 48 hours to continue their inquiries .
It is still unclear whether charges will be brought against the Europeans , but the Chadian government has repeatedly said that what was attempted was illegal , our correspondent says .
Orphanage
The reporters were also taken to the orphanage in Abeche where the 103 children are being cared for by aid workers and UN staff .
Our impression is that the majority are n't orphans , but at this stage it 's just an impression
Jacques Hintzy
Unicef France
The vast majority of the children are believed to be between three and five years old , with the oldest about eight or nine , and several babies no more than one - and - a - half , our correspondent says .
The president of the French national committee for Unicef said 48 of the children questioned so far appeared to be Chadian , not Sudanese .
" Our impression is that the majority are n't orphans , but at this stage it 's just an impression , " Jacques Hintzy told Radio Television Luxembourg .
Some reflections on programming in D , and why it kicks serious ass over C++ , leaving it dead and broken on the sidewalk
[ some typos fixed , thanks comments ]
I 've finally found a worthy replacement for C ++.
I 've used C++ a lot in the last 10 years .
I 've written a protein viewer in C ++.
I 've done research for scientific papers in C ++.
But yet , even though I 've tried to take the moral high road with the STL , C++ just feels ugly and unwieldy .
I remember the horrendous learning curve from C to C ++.
There was so much to get right – C++ throws out the compactness of C for a baroque welding of different programming paradigms and backwards - compatibility .
So it was with some trepidation that I tried out D , yet another saviour for C++ programmers .
Now that I 've been using it for a few months , I have to say , do believe the hype .
Quoting from an article on D , D is a multiparadigm statically - typed compiled language that achieves conceptual integrity .
That is , the author of D , Walter Bright , is willing to say no to features , ultimately leading to cleaner and prettier code .
Here 's a small but illuminating example .
In D , objects are always allocated on the heap .
You always create objects with " new " .
You can't create static objects .
What good does that you ?
By sacrificing the ability to statically declare objects , we know that objects are always pointer - allocated .
Hence , there will never be any ambiguity between obj.
property and obj_pointer -> property .
So you can eliminate the -> operator .
It 's always obj.property and your code becomes that much easier to read .
While on the subject of objects , here 's another call .
In D , all object methods are virtual .
No if 's or but 's – sorry , you do n't get to choose .
What you get is the elimination of a whole swathe of potential bugs as you try to inherit from an un-inheritable static methods .
Objects are objects after all , because of inheritance .
Walter Bright argues that the place to optimize is in the compiler – because of the strictness of defining virtual methods , a compiler can analyze where it would be faster to automatically substitute static methods for virtual methods .
Hey , even when you think you lose , you win .
Indeed , Walter Bright comes from a very unusual place compared to most designers of computer languages .
He has spent most of his career implementing C++ compilers ( plus writing the odd bestselling computer game ) , and has designed D , in large part , from the point of a compiler writer .
A lot of the features are designed to make it easier for the compiler writer .
Dynamic Arrays
The biggest gain in D are built - in dynamic arrays , with a spare and elegant notation .
They clean up the horrendous eye - sore that is the STL in C ++.
I do n't know about you but one of the biggest reasons I switched to C++ was the Standard Template Library .
The STL would whisper sweetly in your ear promising that you never have to roll out your own linked list again , or dynamic array , or hash table .
But at what cost ?
For such largesse , my code got a whole lot uglier .
Ever tried using iterators ?
include < vector > vector < int > int_list ; // some kind of initialization vector < int >:: iterator iter ; for ( iter = int_list.begin ( ) ; iter!=int.end ( ) ; i++) { // do something with * iter }
Butt ugly , and a pain to type out .
In contrast , dynamic arrays are built into D , so that you can get the same functionality with very clean syntax .
int [ ] int_list ; // initialization foreach ( i ; int_list ) { // do something with i }
Walter Bright , like Guido in Python , and Larry in Perl , realized that most programmers use dynamic arrays all the time , and so made it part of the language .
The syntax is so clean that it is , dare I say it , almost pythonic .
Half the power of dynamic typing
Do n't get me wrong though , I do n't use C++ now unless I have to .
I do most of my day - jobs in Python .
In Python , I really like dynamic typing .
Whilst there are many advantages to dynamic typing , perhaps one of the greatest is that you can blissfully avoid dealing with the return type of a function , and just keep on plugging .
In D , the " auto " keyword gives you this same advantage .
If you 're declaring a variable that fetches a variable from a function , you declare it 's type " auto " and D will look up the type for you .
I 've saved so much time because of this little feature .
And my program is still statically - typed and correct .
Strings that fit in the language
It seems sad to say this , but C++ really should have had a decent string class a long time ago .
The one that comes with the STL feels bolted on , you always to keep in mind that you have to interface with C strings at some point .
Well , in D , there is a beautiful built - in string class , with lots of useful methods .
Even better , since D has built - in dynamic arrays , the string class is conceived as a dynamic array on char " char [ ] " , and you have the same powerful syntax available to you as with all other dynamic arrays , like for instance , the " foreach " loop .
One of the more interesting developments in D , is the introduction of the concatenation operator ~ .
At first I was puzzled by this , because in C++ , you concatenate strings by " string1 + string2 " so why the need for this new operator ?
But addition (+ ) is a fundamentally different operation to concatenation ( ~ ) .
You do n't notice this in C++ because there are no built - in dynamic arrays in C++ , and thus concatenation of arrays in the STL is done with methods .
However , from a conceptual point of view , concatenating strings should be like concatenating any dynamic array :
int [ ] vals1 = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ] ; int [ ] vals2 = [ 5 , 6 , 7 ] ; int [ ] vals3 = vals1 ~ 4 ~ vals2 ; // [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 ] char [ ] string1 = " Hello " ; char [ ] string2 = " world ! " ; char [ ] string3 = string1 ~ " " ~ string2 ; // " Hello world ! "
There is also a slicing command for dynamic arrays :
char [ ] feeling = " smile " ; char [ ] length = feeling [ 1..5 ] ; // " mile "
Ever tried declaring a hash - table in C ++?
It 's not pretty .
In D , to create a dictionary of numbers with strings as a key , simply declare :
int[ char [ ] ] ages ; ages [ 'me ' ] = 33 ;
The end result is that strings and dictionaries are just as expressive in D , as they are in Python or Perl .
No more header files , or not repeating yourself twice all the time
C was created in the days of kilobyte memory , and precious compiling cycles .
Hence the header file was created out of necessity for sane compiling times , as the compiler can make assumptions just from reading the header files .
C++ inherited this .
The result is that for any decently sized project , you type a lot of things twice .
This , obviously , violates the DRY ( Do n't Repeat Yourself ) principle of maintainable code .
What better way to eliminate this painful redundancy in typing than to eliminate the preprocessor altogether ?
That 's exactly what Walter Bright has done .
The D compiler scans the source of all modules to reconstruct the available functions in order to check the typing .
You only have to type one thing once .
But there 's more .
One of the interesting consequences of not having header files is that objects can't be declared over multiple source files .
If you write huge - ass objects with a massive declaration and multiple source files , you 're asking for trouble anyway .
By forcing you to write everything in one source file , you are forced to program better .
Another side - effect is that since objects are only ever declared in one file , in D , all object methods and properties are implemented inside the declaration braces :
class MyObject { this ( ) { // constructor } void my_method ( ) { } }
In D , you will never have to type the awfully verbose my_object : : my_method again .
Constructors are called " this " instead of the ridiculous notation in C++ of my_object :: my_object .
That 's a lot of wins for readability .
Still , a lot of people complained about the loss of templates with the loss of the pre-processor , so Walter Bright caved in , and introduced templates in D , except he made it better .
Better , that is , for the compiler writer .
In C++ , templates are declared with the characters " " , which causes huge head - aches for C++ parsers , as the parsers have to untangle this from genuine greater - than and less - than operators .
In D , they are declared with " ! ( " and " ) " , which cause no problems for D parsers .
Syntactic Sugar
There 's also plenty of syntactic sugar in D that gives you a lot of wriggle room when designing objects .
For instance , if you have an object method with no parameters that returns a value :
class MyClass { int my_func( ) ; }
You can call the function as :
auto my_object = new MyClass ( ) ; auto val = my_object.my_func ;
You now have a choice of changing the function into a property without changing the code that calls the function .
With parameters in a function , the key - words " inout " tells D that it 's a call - by - reference , and D will let you use the same variable .
No more juggling with pointers to pass values out of a function .
Optional Garbage collection
If anything marks the philosophy of D , it is this : you get garbage collection and manual memory management .
D lets you play with pointers , but keeps them in the gun cabinet when not in use .
This feature above all marks Walter Bright as the über - pragmatist of language designers .
I do n't know of any other language that allows this .
If you let your variables dangle , D will clean up after you , but if you really do need to control every bit and byte , you can , perhaps shooting off your foot in the process .
But that 's the weird thing about D , although you can conceivably write operating systems and device drivers in it , you can also hack out a quick - and - dirty text - mangling script .
Now that 's conceptual integrity .
The first step was to take some pictures and to use photoshop to visualize what the scale of the head would be if I used my body for Dwights .
My neck could match up with his , and I 'd be looking right out of his chin .
Take care .
In reading this article , you may be in receipt of stolen goods .
In fact , the organising committee for a certain upcoming sporting event has decided it would be " disproportionate " to prosecute the author of a book called Olympic Mind Games for breach of copy - right .
But , under no less than two acts of parliament , it could if it wanted to .
When it discovered that Robert Ronson 's children 's science - fiction novel was to be published , the organising committee for the previously mentioned happening sent him an email asking that he should use neither the O - word nor the expressions " London 2012 , or 2012 etc " in the title .
The committee was able to do so under statutes passed in 1995 and 2006 , which in effect turn all the elements of its title into a trademark .
In claiming copyright on a word , the organisation dedicated to the promotion of the competition to be held two years into the next decade is both following and extending a dangerous trend .
As long ago as 1991 , the official British artist of the first Gulf war , John Keane , faced protests and legal threats from the Disney corporation for having painted a picture of the devastation of a Kuwait beach which included a Mickey Mouse doll .
Another British artist , David Haslam , faced legal action from the owners of the copyright on Noddy , and the American artist Rick Rush was taken to court for painting a picture of Tiger Woods .
Both the Canadian mounted police and the Los Angeles police department sought to copyright their own logos , as OJ Simpson attempted to copyright his own name .
A mock photograph in an art exhibition of Princess Diana and Dodi Fayed lookalikes cuddling a mixed - race baby was berated on the grounds of the infringement of copyright on her image .
And Ofcom upheld long - haired , floppy - moustached 1970s athlete David Bedford 's complaint against 118 118 for using two long - haired , floppy - moustached runners to advertise its directory inquiry service .
In several of these cases , corporations were acting to protect what they saw as their commercial interests .
The email to Robert Ronson was written by the Olympic organising committee 's manager of brand protection , concerned to " ensure that there was no confusion " as to whether the novel was " an official licenced product " , presumably in case the committee seeks to declare Ian McEwan or Martin Amis official novelist to the 2012 Olympics at some point .
It 's not just that the idea of copyrighting an entry in the English dictionary , or someone 's face , haircut or name , is ridiculous .
There is an issue of principle .
By declaring images , titles and now words to be ownable brands , these various organisations and individuals are contributing to an increased commodification and thus privatisation of materials previously agreed to be in the public domain .
For scientists , this constrains the use of public and published knowledge , up to and including the human genome .
For artists , it implies that the only thing you can do with subject matter is to sell it .
As a consequence , people 's view of what representation does becomes narrowly literal .
Presumably , the Disney corporation felt that John Keane must have been either denigrating or exploiting its product when he used a doll on a beach to comment on the ironies of war .
Similarly , painters , novelists and playwrights are attacked for representing Myra Hindley or Frederick West or James Bulger 's murderers , on the grounds that to portray an action must be to promote it .
Consulted by its British branch about the Olympic Mind Games case , the International Olympic Committee expressed two major concerns : that the word Olympic was used in the title of a work of fiction and that " there is no such thing as Olympic mind games " .
Clearly , the IOC has n't grasped what the word " fiction " means .
Most expression involves reference to something real in the world .
Most of our " experience " and indeed our " imagination " are formed from the image - making of others .
Writers and other artists are rightly concerned about protecting their own copyright , but they should be equally concerned with the shrinking of the public domain .
Ronson 's refusal to be cowed into changing the title of his novel is a victory for the idea that there is more to free expression than the right to advertise .
· David Edgar is a playwright and president of the Writers ' Guild DavidEdgar@blueyonder.co.uk
Dan Rather , the quirky old news dog who has survived through multiple mergers and takeovers at CBS has today become an interesting symbol of a country at odds with itself , informed by a media unable to balance journalistic truth with the corrupting power that comes with broadcasting to millions .
A brilliant Sidney Blumenthal article published this week in Salon recaps the controversy surrounding Rather 's $ 70 million dollar suit against CBS , suggesting their deals with the Bush administration sent him packing .
Rather eventually came back swinging , newly alleging that CBS refrained from breaking the Abu Ghraib story to appease Bush / Rove , for example .
I find myself comparing Rather to outgoing President Dwight Eisenhower who warned the US in his farewell address that our government was prone to enter wars in order to enrich corporations with defense contracts .
Eisenhower surely had some part to play in this but clearly wanted the American people to read between the lines and be wary - very , very wary .
Mr. Rather , in bringing this suit must do what Ike avoided - owning up to the part he played and spilling the beans in specifics .
In a way , Rather might be likened to Sen .
Larry Craig who originally pled guilty for his " bathroom " dealings and later claimed he was coerced .
Mr. Rather 's semi-admission of guilt while still employed for CBS was surely part of wrangling over how much crow he'd have to eat in exchange for continuing airtime .
But once abandoned , Rather back pedalled from his on - air " regrets " to make a larger point - that CBS was altering news - as - usual for the Bush administration and he'd kept mum about it .
Now that he 's talking , we see CBS may have buried the first Abu Ghraib exclusive .
If they did so for White House favor , there should be an immediate criminal probe .
Formerly a pitbull , 60 Minutes has softballed the Bush administration for years .
The influence coming in through multi-layered GE / Westinghouse / Infinity mergers is evidence of money men trying to turn CBS News into a the media arm of a large for - profit megaconglomerate - as has happened with the other networks .
As a long - respected senior newsman , Rather can tell us much about the internal struggles - it 's time to hear the dirt and for Rather to play the part of America 's conscience as someone who kept his mouth shut for power and money and has to now look in the mirror .
Rather will have to explain away his earlier apology and come clean himself as he will be certainly slimed by CBS , now part of the military - industrial - Congressional - media complex scrubbing the news for Bush , just as Orwell foresaw , but 16 years later .
Where Blumenthal 's article emphasized the corrupt bosses at CBS controlling Rather 's moves , another piece by Truthout 's William Rivers Pitt lumped Rather in with the crooks , resentful of the fact that Rather only came clean after he was canned .
But Greg Palast 's latest piece on the issue also published this week reminded us that he had the story first and had it right all along , only underscoring how his BBC broadcast and all the shouting he could possibly do meant very little in the US next to the influence of CBS News .
Perhaps this shows why Rather fought so hard to keep his airtime , making deals with liars and crooks in the process .
It will be interesting to follow this law suit and see how down and dirty it gets .
If nothing else , credit Rather for taking on Bush , CBS and the right , even if it 's too late to save the country from a second Bush presidency .
Let 's see if things get shaken up at the networks as Rather faces his own complicity .
The long time face of CBS news , Rather represents how Americans each must find where our actions , borne out of materialism or self - interest have a negative impact on the rest of the world or our own future .
Rather 's worst crime might have been issuing his apology and taking the heat for using the document widely considered inauthentic - for many this put the issue to rest , which was the last thing he wanted to do - the story was right , but the cover - up was still expanding , thanks to his own bosses .
Acro-brats " Day Late Dollar Short "
Anarchy Club " Blood Doll "
Bang Camaro " Pleasure ( Pleasure ) "
Crooked X " Nightmare "
Death of the Cool " Ca n't Let Go "
Flyleaf " I'm So Sick "
Freezepop " Brainpower "
Honest Bob " I Get By "
The Konks " 29 Fingers "
The Mother Hips " Time We Had "
Timmy & The Lords of the Underworld " Timmy & The Lords of the Underworld "
Tribe " Outside "
VAGIANT " Seven "
Of the 13 tracks revealed , only two really stand out .
Freezepop 's " Brainpower " and Timmy & The Lords of the Underwolrd 's " Timmy & The Lords of the Underworld " .
I suck at rhythm games and would never dare play a singing game .
This however , changes all that .
To be able to sing a song where I 'm just saying " TIMMY ! " for most of the time would be so awesome .
The Spartans of 300 have defeated Xerxes and are getting some well deserved R&R via a vacation to hawaii when suddenly …
Hijack !
1 Plane . 4 Terrorists .
300 Spartans .
Update : OMG !
1 k uniques in an hour ! woot .
thanks for the link love guys .
Hope you enjoy the United 300 spoof video .
You also might want to check out the Bruce Lee Handpainting Video
This article is more than 12 years old
This article is more than 12 years old
Two galaxies swing past each other in a cosmic dance choreographed by gravity , 300 m light years from Earth in the constellation of Leo .
This image , taken by the Hubble Space Telescope , reveals in unprecedented detail the bright regions of star formation , interstellar gas clouds and prominent dust arms that spiral out from the galaxies ' centres .
The larger galaxy on the right is seen nearly face - on , with a giant arm of stars , dust and gas reaching out and around its smaller neighbour , which is viewed edge -on .
The shapes of both galaxies have been distorted by their gravitational interaction with one another .
The pair are known collectively as Arp 87 , and are just one celestial coupling among hundreds of interacting and merging galaxies known in the nearby universe .
Arp 87 was first discovered and catalogued by the astronomer Halton Arp in the 1970s , and was described in Arp 's Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies .
The Hubble image , a composite of red , blue , green and infra-red exposures , was taken using the telescope 's wide field planetary camera 2 .
It shows a corkscrewing bridge of material spanning from one galaxy to the other , suggesting stars and gas are being drawn from the larger galaxy into the gravitational pull of the smaller one .
Interacting galaxies are often hosts to the highest levels of star formation found anywhere in the nearby universe .
US debates if security contractors are ' enemy combatants '
RAW STORY
Published : Monday October 15 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Enemy combatants .
The two words Bush Administration lawyers used to keep Guantanamo Bay terror suspects out of the purview of US or international courts may come back to haunt them : some are now asking whether private security contractors could fall under the same moniker .
According to Julian Barnes , writing in Monday 's Los Angeles Times , federal reviews of shootings by Blackwater USA in Iraq have left officials scratching their heads as to whether the Administration could be accused of violating international treaty obligations .
If officials admit the use of guards in war zones is a violation , they may have to limit the use of their massive private mercenary armies in future conflicts .
Lawyers in the State , Defense and Justice departments are examing issues surrounding the contractors , Barnes says .
" I think it is an unresolved issue that needs to be addressed , " an unnamed senior Defense Department official told the paper .
" But if that is in fact the case , what the heck are we doing ? "
" The use of private contractors by the U.S. military and governments worldwide began long before the U.S invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq , but it has mushroomed in recent years , " the paper adds .
" With relatively little controversy , contractors have assumed a greater share of support and logistics duties traditionally handled by uniformed military , such as protecting diplomats inside a war zone . "
A Sept. 16 , 2007 shooting in which as many as 17 Iraqis were killed set off a firestorm that sparked myriad US inquiries into the contractors ' behavior .
Iraq tried , unsuccessfully , to banish Blackwater from its borders .
Under a directive approved by the interim US Iraqi government -- the Coalition Provisional Authority -- US contractors are immune from prosecution under Iraqi law .
" The designation of lawful and unlawful combatants is set out in the Geneva Convention , " Barnes notes .
" Lawful combatants are nonmilitary personnel who operate under their military 's chain of command .
Others may carry weapons in a war zone but may not use offensive force .
Under the international agreements , they may only defend themselves .
" The amount of force being used in Iraq by security firms like Blackwater has raised questions , " he continues .
" Lawyers at the Justice Department are skeptical that the contractors could be considered unlawful combatants , but some in the State and Defense departments think the contractors in Iraq could be vulnerable to claims that their actions make them unlawful combatants .
If so , experts tell the Times , the U.S. would have to yank them out of Iraq .
The full Los Angeles Times article can be read at this link .
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
Here at Gadling we just love educating our readers about bizarre foods they should look out for while traveling abroad .
Well , today , we have one of the strangest I ’ve come across in a long time : turd coffee .
Turd coffee comes to us from Indonesia and is the byproduct of wild civets ( photo above ) .
And when I say byproduct , I mean byproduct .
The catlike animals feast on coffee beans , eating only the very best .
Once the beans are inside their stomachs , enzymes eat away the proteins that lend coffee its bitter taste .
The digestive process also strips the beans of some , but not all of their caffeine .
24 hours later , what remains of the beans is deposited on the forest floor along with whatever else the creature consumed the night before .
Farmers collect the dung , separate the beans , roast them , and then sell them for as much as $ 600 for a pound .
What ?!?
Yes , folks , this is a rare delicacy that crosses cultures .
Turd coffee , more correctly known as kopi luwak , is apparently some of the finest coffee in the world .
According to a recent LA Times article , it is blessed with “ a top note of rich , dark chocolate , with secondary notes that are musty and earthy . ”
Good luck finding it , though .
Less than 1000 pounds of the beans are produced annually .
And , much of what is for sale is apparently counterfeit ; I ’d hate to know what ’s in that turd coffee .
UPDATE 03/28 : Check out this Mail plugin which adds email archive support to Apple Mail .
UPDATE 11/18 : inaequitas reminds us that in order to star messages on your iPhone , simply move the message the starred items directory .
UPDATE 10/26 : RayL re-confirms the advantage of mapping your client - side Sent , Drafts , & Trash with server - side Gmail labels – no duplicate labels created in Gmail by your email client (s ) .
Experiment with Gmail IMAP setup ; if necessary reference the Google Group thread below .
UPDATE 10 /25 : If you start seeing duplicates , check this Google Group thread .
Google may have made updates to Gmail IMAP access .
YMMV .
The latest news on the street is that Google is slowly rolling out a much anticipated feature – IMAP support .
If you point your browser to Gmail Help documentation outlining the steps necessary to get your mail clients setup for IMAP , you ’ll soon realize the the directions are the bare minimum .
It is recommended that you follow the directions from start to finish , but the actual configuration does not stop there .
Take a look at both IMAP support pages for Apple Mail and the iPhone .
Both share similar steps including :
Incoming Server : imap.gmail.com
Outgoing Server : smtp.gmail.com
Authentication : email@gmail.com + email password
+ ‘ Use secure Socket Layer ( SSL ) ’
Ports : 587 Outgoing , 993 Incoming
There is nothing wrong with leaving your email clients as - is exactly as the Gmail Help documents instruct .
Unfortunately , you will start to see a little inconsistency between your email clients and your Gmail web interface .
Diligent Gmail “ labelers ” will soon discover that those handy “ tags ” that they had been assigning to emails are now recognized as Folders in their email client (s ) .
Your email clients will sync this Folders without a problem .
In order to ensure your Trashed , Sent , Drafts , and Junk mail messages are sorted properly between your iPhone , Apple Mail , and Gmail ’s webmail interface , you will need to add a few more steps to the initial setup instructions offered by Google .
Properly sort Drafts , Deleted , and Sent mail on the iPhone
Assuming that you have followed the iPhone IMAP setup instructions , it is now time to properly configure your mobile Mail client so that Sent Mail , Deleted Mail , Drafts , and Junk are reflected properly after syncing back between the webmail client and any other desktop clients you may have .
Open ‘ Settings ’ > ‘ Mail ’ > [ Your Gmail IMAP account ] > ‘ Advanced ’ Select ‘ Drafts Mailbox ’ > ‘ On the Server ’ > ‘[ Gmail ] Drafts ’.
Return to the ‘ Advanced ’ view .
Select ‘ Sent Mailbox ’ > ‘ On the Server ’ > ‘[ Gmail ] Sent Mail ’.
Return to the ‘ Advanced ’ view .
Select ‘ Deleted Mailbox ’ > ‘ On the Server ’ > ‘[ Gmail ] Trash ’.
Return to the ‘ Advanced ’ view .
Any emails sent from your iPhone will appear in Gmail ’s ‘ Sent ’ view , any saved drafts saved on your iPhone will appear in Gmail ’s ‘ Drafts ’ view , and any deleted messages will be reflected in Gmail ’s ‘ Trash ’ view .
Properly sort Drafts , Deleted , and Sent mail in Apple Mail
Similar steps must be taken to ensure that any emails sent , saved as drafts , or deleted are properly identified by Gmail ’s servers .
After completing the IMAP setup steps for Apple Mail , instructing Mail is a few simple clicks away .
Once your Gmail IMAP account is added to Mail , you ’ll notice your [ Gmail account ] in the left sidebar .
Highlight ‘[ Gmail ]
Sent Mail ’ in the sidebar and select ‘ Mailbox ’ ( menu bar ) > ‘ Use This Mailbox For ’ > ‘ Sent ’ .
Highlight ‘ [ Gmail ] Drafts ’ in the sidebar and select ‘ Mailbox ’ ( menu bar ) > ‘ Use This Mailbox For ’ > ‘ Drafts ’ Highlight ‘ [ Gmail ] Trash ’ in the sidebar and select ‘ Mailbox ’ ( menu bar ) > ‘ Use This Mailbox For ’ > ‘ Trash ’ Highlight ‘ [ Gmail ] Spam ’ in the sidebar and select ‘ Mailbox ’ ( menu bar ) > ‘ Use This Mailbox For ’ > ‘ Junk ’
Once properly configured , managing email from Apple Mail or the iPhone will be no different from managing emails within the Gmail web client – sent , drafts , trash , and junk properly sorted between your various email clients and web interface .
[ Digg this ]
IMAP Gmail gems for Apple Mail & iPhone
I am certain that Gmail ’s IMAP documentation is far from complete .
The following will serve as a running list of details I have noticed – found by sharp readers or myself – not yet included in the Help pages .
Flagging messages in Apple Mail ( CMD + SHIFT+L ) is the same as adding a Star to a message in Gmail .
Try it out for yourself .
Flag a message in Mail and check your Gmail account online .
The same message magically appears as ‘ Starred ’ .
In order to “ label ” messages multiple times from within Apple Mail or the iPhone , you must copy the message (s ) to each respective ‘ Folder ’ which corresponds with your Gmail Label .
I think it ’s time to move back to the idea of Folders as opposed to Labels .
If you wish to Archive mail from your iPhone , simply move the message to ‘ [ Gmail ] All Mail ’ .
gec added this comment : “ when you delete something from a folder other than trash , the message will effectively be archived , and not deleted .
that means , the label corresponding to the folder you are deleting it from will be removed .
if however you * move * it to Trash you will remove all labels assigned to it .
bad for filter rules . ”
Jonathan added this tip : “ if you ’d like to use a custom from address when sending from iPhone ( not your Gmail address ) just pop it in the Email Address field ( not the authentication fields ) and it will use that address instead of your Gmail . ”
Want to send mail as a different email address on a case - by - case basis with Apple Mail ?
Follow the directions outlined in this comment .
YMMV
MSK added : “ if you want to get rid of that extra [ Gmail ] hierarchy .
Go in to your advanced email settings and for ‘ IMAP Path Prefix ’ type [ Gmail ] now go back and reassign your Sent , Deleted , and Draft mail boxes , if needed . ”
Similar rules apply for any other IMAP desktop or mobile client that you might be using .
In order to prevent unnecessary labels from being created during synchronization , make sure that your Sent , Drafts , Junk , and Trash Mailboxes are configured properly .
The British , as a nation , are notoriously linguaphobic , perhaps it's a vestige of the grand old days of the empire , where one could comfortably ask for " A spot more Earl Grey , old chap , and a Scotch egg , " and be understood anywhere from Shanghai to Srinagar .
Thus it is that language education in British schools has traditionally been a sorry and uninspiring affair .
One of only two languages my own school had on offer was Latin .
Compelling if you 're planning on spending a lot of your time with a selection of long - dead philosophers ; not so useful if you 've decided on backpacking around Chile .
The other was French .
France is one of Britain 's closest neighbors , so French therefore was deemed necessary to comprehend in case they should decide to invade .
Five years of thrice - weekly instruction left me and my classmates able to say " What a funny hat / cat / tree / grandmother , " ask for a strawberry ice cream , and seek directions to the nearest tourist information office .
On trying out any of the above on waiters in Paris , however , we would invariably be met with stony stares , arched eyebrows and a derisive " Quoi ? "
So when it comes to learning a new language as an adult , teeth - clenching memories of drafty classrooms , ancient textbooks , and endless verb declensions immediately spring to mind .
Taking pleasure in exploring the intricacies of another tongue is hard to imagine .
Unless , apparently , you stumble across the Linkword Method .
" Try it , " a friend enthused recently , on my casual mention that I 'd always wanted to learn Spanish .
" You 'll love it !
It 's so easy ; one weekend , and by Monday morning , I was speaking Mandarin , easy peasy ! "
Although skeptical , I was intrigued by the notion of reading my favorite authors – Borges , Vargas Llosa , Manuel Puig – in their original form ; the ability to converse with old ladies on rattling local buses in Mexico ; ordering tapas in Seville without pantomime ; and all without the hard slog of conventional language learning .
Could it really be true ?
On arriving at the Linkword website , I was met by thrilling proclamations , money - back guarantees , and a bevy of testimonials singing the praises of a simple system based on mnemonic devices , invented by one Dr. Michael M. Gruneberg – who , it says , " has spent a significant portion of his life studying human memory ' .
" The Linkword Method , " it explains , " is based on the principle that the human mind much more easily remembers data attached to spatial , personal , or otherwise meaningful information than that occurring in meaningless sequences or basic repetition . "
It claims that 300,000 people worldwide have used it successfully .
Next comes a simple example : the Russian word for " juice " is " sok . "
Picture yourself , it instructs , drinking juice out of a sock .
Hold the miniscenario in your mind 's eye for 10 seconds .
Et voilà – the word is allegedly locked into your mind .
So far , so good .
I click on the Spanish course options .
Levels 1 to 4 , promising " Beginner to Advanced Spanish , " is on sale and available for instant download , for the grand sum of $ 79.99 .
I glance over at the stack of abandoned language tapes , CDs , and hefty textbooks on my bookshelf , testaments to my abandoned attempts to learn Hebrew , which I gave up when my 3 - year - old son laughed at me , then asked a waiter for the check on my behalf .
I take out my credit card , and order before I can change my mind .
Less than 10 minutes later , I 'm staring at Level 1 Spanish , successfully installed on my desktop .
I take a deep breath , suppressing a shudder , and sip nervously at a cappuccino .
Here goes – again .
I read the instructions carefully .
Ten seconds , it seems , is the magical time frame required to install each new piece of vocabulary in your mind .
Ten to 12 hours , it explains , should be enough to get a good grasp on hundreds of useful words .
I recall my friend 's apparent new fluency in Mandarin , and press on bravely .
" Above all , " the introduction concludes cheerfully , " relax and have fun . "
This Gruneberg guy does n't sound like my French teacher at all .
Section 1 of Level 1 , I 'm advised , is a little longer than the rest , a confidence - building introduction to the Linkword method .
It will largely involve animal - related vocabulary , since animals are easy to picture in a 10 - second scenario .
Moments later , I 'm in the thick of it , imagining a cat eating a gateau ( gato ) , a cow vacuuming its field ( vaca ) and a monkey wearing a monocle ( mono ) .
Though I feel a little silly , this is actually quite fun .
I forge ahead , speeding through vocabulary , working my way through various tests – which , unlike school , seem effortless to answer .
Interspersed between each little segment of vocabulary , there 's a simple explanation of an element of grammar , which is immediately put into practice in the following segment .
No mention of irregular verb tables ; just easy to follow , practical stuff .
An hour later , at the end of Level 1 , Section 1 , I 'm exhilarated .
I 've learned to distinguish between a masculine and feminine noun , the difference between ' el ' and 'la , ' and how to convincingly say : " The elephant is hard " or " The quiet wasp is fresh . "
" Some of the sentences in this course , " the lesson warns , " might strike you as being a bit odd . "
This , it explains , is intentional – meant to prevent you from simply parroting stock phrases .
True , the freshness of wasps , for me at least , is a topic that does n't surface often .
I press on , losing track of time as I learn to describe the prettiness and depth of the bathroom floor , and how a small blue bear might climb atop a cupboard in the dining room .
Committing all these strange images to mind makes me wonder what strange dreams I might have .
But still , the material seems to stick , and later , I force my husband to give me a vocabulary test .
To his astonishment , and my glee , I get almost every word right .
My Mandarin - proficient friend calls for news .
" You see ? " she crows , when I admit its efficacy .
" I told you !
I 'm going to start learning Welsh next , or Swahili . "
I begin to think that the Linkword system owes its success as much to its pupils ' inflated pride , as to its myriad mnemonic devices .
It 's said that once we hit our teenage years , our ability to learn a new language decreases dramatically .
While my husband grew up fluently switching between Finnish , Swedish , English , and Hebrew on a daily basis and still does , his later attempts to learn Dutch , during a stint in Amsterdam , were an unprecedented failure .
But a week after starting the first level , I could finally understand Dora the Explorer – and Boots , her mono friend – along with my 2 - year - old daughter .
***
Lest you think I 'm completely sold on the program , let 's just pause here for the caveats .
There 's nothing new about creating mental associations to build bridges to new material , explains Michael Geisler , head of immersion language schools at Middlebury College , in Vermont .
" If I just wanted to learn enough vocabulary to get from my hotel room to the theater and the opera and the airport ... I think [ mnemonics ] is very useful , " he says .
But it 's the " actual conversation with a native speaker or someone you might meet in an international context , " he adds , that will pull the curtain on the illusion that I 've learned Spanish in a weekend .
OK , I agree that I might not be quite ready to tackle Borges 's " Labyrinths . "
But after a sneak peek at the final chapter of Level 4 – which requests Spanish translations of " The can opener is on the flute but the corkscrews are on the oboe , " and " Nobody has doubts .
The postman has no pity " – and , I decide , you can thrust me into a surrealist Beat poetry meeting in Madrid or Buenos Aires and I 'm quite certain I 'll be able hold my own .
CNN : ' Day short ' troops now ' fighting the Army they served ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday October 9 , 2007
Save This Page
Print This Email This
The 2600 members of a Minnesota National Guard unit that returned from Iraq in July after serving there longer than any other ground combat unit were shocked to be told that their total time overseas of 729 days was one day short of the number needed to be eligible for expanded educational benefits under the GI Bill .
Many of the soldiers wondered if this was done deliberately and they and Minnesota 's senators asked the Secretary of the Army to look into it .
1st Lieut .
John Hobot , a spokesman for the unit , told CNN on Monday that he believes it was simply a bureaucratic mixup , saying , " There 's people that got off the same plane from Iraq ... and their orders read 730 days , whereas 1162 soldiers ' orders say 729 .
These guys did the same exact tour . "
Hobot just wants the Army to fix the orders so that the soldiers , some of whom are already back in school , can receive the additional $ 500 to $ 800 a month .
The Army has announced that it is trying to get to the bottom of the matter and may ask for a legislative clarification to the criteria for GI Bill benefits .
Hobot agreed that a change in the law might prevent the problem from recurring in the future but said it wo n't help his troops now .
" We 've been back 90 days as of tomorrow and it has n't gotten fixed .
And they keep telling us that they 're fixing it . "
CNN then asked Lieut .
Col. Darryl Darden at the Pentagon what was taking so long .
Darden praised Hobot for looking out for his men and said , " We know there has been an injustice and we have put together a process ... to seek redress for this bureaucratic mixup .
...
We believe that by January 8 they should be able to receive their benefits . "
When asked again why the soldiers could n't receive the money now , when they need it for their college expenses , and why the orders can't be fixed without each case being reviewed individually , Darden insisted , " You 've got some of the greatest minds up here working the issue .
...
The best course of action is for each one of these soldiers to go through this board . "
The following video is from ABC's Good Morning America , broadcast on October 10 , 2007 .
And , as luck would have it , the 30ft diameter hobbit - style home has found itself in the midst of a radical experiment : last year Pembrokeshire county council and the Pembrokeshire Coast national park authority agreed to grant planning permission for low - impact developments ( LIDs ) in the council area - and even in the national park - if they met stringent criteria .
It is an unusual policy that could encourage other planning authorities across Britain to rethink sustainable development : after all , these homes are affordable , carbon - neutral and can be built on green fields without environmental degradation .
But the pioneers of zero- carbon living have long been derided as hippies and denied legitimacy by the planning system , from the celebrated Tinker 's Bubble in Somerset to Steward Wood in Devon .
Wrench is typical , forced to fight his eviction from the moment council officers spotted the glint of his bus - window skylight during an aerial inspection .
" An unsightly and incongruous appearance , " sniffed the first inspector to clap eyes on the Roundhouse .
And to Wrench 's dismay , in the new policy 's first test , his retrospective application for the Roundhouse was rejected last week .
Grapes are trained over the eaves of the green roof of his home , built on neglected farmland owned by a friend at Brithdir Mawr .
Freshly dug potatoes sit in a bucket by the door and , after nearly 10 years , the bracken still sprouts through the kitchen 's earth floor every spring .
Three small solar panels and a tiny wind turbine provide power .
Sometimes Wrench has to choose between his laptop or a lightbulb , but it is not a life of deprivation .
Inside is a cosy jumble of books and ornaments , sheepskins and a wood - burning stove .
Beneath their raised bed is a wine cellar , well stocked with Wrench 's sweet raspberry wine .
The stove heats hot water for baths .
They manage without a fridge or a washing machine .
And the roundness is pleasing .
" Once you live in round , corners seem a bit weird , " says Faith .
A reedbed soaks up their grey water - the water left over after washing up , bathing and laundry - and a double - sided compost toilet is situated 20 yards from the house .
Wrench , who carves wooden bowls for a living , finds adding the leftover wood shavings to the mix makes perfect compost .
" Every year we get nine wheelbarrows of really good compost .
It 's completely odour - free - the raspberries love it , " he says .
" When you 're shitting it 's a creative cycle , rather than it going out to sea and becoming someone else 's problem . "
The authorities , however , see Wrench as a problem .
Under the new criteria , he had to prove he could meet 75 % of his needs - energy , food etc - from his smallholding ; the planners decided there were n't enough trees to support him .
The Roundhouse was also rejected on environmental grounds ;
Wrench disputes the charge that he has " improved " the grassland ( in planning terms " unimproved " is better ) and is adamant that biodiversity has flourished under his watch .
His son , a botanist , has logged 73 species in his meadow .
Wrench will appeal but is aggrieved by the apparent false dawn of Pembrokeshire 's LID planning regime .
" They 've set the criteria so they can say no to virtually anything , " he says .
" Are we serious about sustainability , or are we more serious about value judgments about what looks pretty or not in a national park ? "
Council planners introduced the low - impact policy after lengthy consultation - and some reluctance from the national park - when they realised they had no way of dealing with alternative dwellings like the Roundhouse .
Peter Sedgwick , the council 's forward planning officer , says the criteria had to be tough but are not impossible to meet : " Planning guidance is against development in open countryside .
This is an exceptional policy that only allows for it when the development can be seen as not just sustainable but positively contributing to things like biodiversity . "
Could other planning authorities follow Pembrokeshire ?
Sedgwick and Martina Dunne of Pembrokeshire Coast National Park believe LIDs will remain a " marginal " provision .
Dunne says planners ' focus must be on affordable housing .
This is exactly what the LID builders claim to be ( Wrench 's house cost £ 5,000 ) but the planners do n't recognise it .
" You could n't call it affordable housing as far as the majority of people are concerned , " says Dunne .
" In a way , the ethos of low - impact developments - sustainability and sustainable design - should be mainstream .
But if you ask people in the street , ' Do you want to live that way ? ' , 95 % of them say no . "
However , the Lammas cooperative , with its slick website , hopes to change the perception of LIDs as hippy dwellings .
The brainchild of carpenter Paul Wimbush , the project aims to build nine smallholdings near the village of Glandwr in Pembrokeshire ( but not in the national park ) , and it will be the next test of Pembrokeshire 's LID policy this autumn .
Wimbush has invested £ 50,000 in the planning stage , in order to make sure that Lamas is a model low - impact community .
This has involved numerous studies and professionally drawn " earth - sheltered " eco -homes made from timber and cob -and - straw bales , with plots designed in detail , right down to the type of plum tree in the orchard .
" We want it to be mainstream , " says Wimbush , 35 , who lives near Swansea in a low - impact house with his wife , Hoppi , and three children .
" We want normal people to come round and say , ' I could live like that - they 've got TVs and computers , and they are n't toiling in the mud . ' "
Lammas wo n't need electricity or water from the grid , as it will get its power from a water turbine already on site , part of an old farm the cooperative has agreed to buy at agricultural rates if it gets planning approval .
The project is not , however , about opting out of society .
Residents will pay council tax and have mortgages .
" We are deliberately taking a much more integrated approach , " he says .
If approved , Lammas is determined to contribute to the local community : working with farmers ' markets and collecting compost from ordinary villagers .
So far , though , the project has met with local suspicion .
Much of the opposition may be nimbyism , some could be cultural ( of the nine families planning to take plots , only one is Welsh - speaking local ) but a bit may also be indignation .
Why should they get preferential planning treatment ?
" Why should we buy land at £ 2,000 an acre whereas Wimpey has to pay £ 2 m ? " says Wimbush .
" Because we are meeting such stringent criteria and we are , as the planning phrasing goes , being ' exemplars of sustainability ' . "
Ahead of a decision in October , Wimbush diplomatically says that the council " has been really open - minded and forward - thinking .
It potentially sets up the county as a model for sustainability . "
InviseoMedia , which sold the seatback advertisements to Ryanair and to another European low - cost carrier , Germanwings , says the system provides an average of 40 minutes of “ dwell time ” during a typical flight .
In other words , the only ways for passengers to avoid the advertisements , which are placed behind tamper - proof plastic shields , is to open the tray or get up and stretch their legs .
And when they do that , they are confronted with the advertisements on the overhead bins , which are being sold by a separate company , Fourth Edition .
“ It ’s a good medium , a good audience and they ’re captive to some extent , ” said Dominic Stead , the chief executive of Inviseo .
“ In this day and age , the opportunity to get someone ’s attention and hold it is invaluable . ”
Inviseo began installing its panels in Germanwings planes about two years ago , and companies like Microsoft , DaimlerChrysler , Hewlett - Packard and HRS , a German travel Web site , have advertised on them .
Since the seatback advertising space became available in Ryanair planes this summer , it has attracted one advertiser , Creative , a maker of digital entertainment devices , which has bought space in a handful of planes .
But Mr. Stead said the Inviseo system could be popular with advertisers that link advertisements to mobile phone call - in and text - message campaigns , because Ryanair and a number of other airlines plan to enable in - flight cellphone use soon .
The overhead bins have had a slightly faster uptake than the seatbacks at Ryanair , with advertisements being placed by companies like the Dutch bank ING ; Red Bull , the energy drink ; and Meteor Mobile Communications , an Irish cellphone operator .
Martin Barry , managing director of Fourth Edition , said the advertisements could generate annual revenue of 6.5 million euros , or $ 8.8 million , if all 41 panels on every one of Ryanair ’s 137 planes were sold for an entire year .
Like Inviseo , Fourth Edition splits an undisclosed portion of the proceeds with the airline .
IT USED to be easy to tell whether you were in a free country or a dictatorship .
In an old - time police state , the goons are everywhere , both in person and through a web of informers that penetrates every workplace , community and family .
They glean whatever they can about your political views , if you are careless enough to express them in public , and your personal foibles .
What they fail to pick up in the café or canteen , they learn by reading your letters or tapping your phone .
The knowledge thus amassed is then stored on millions of yellowing pieces of paper , typed or handwritten ; from an old - time dictator 's viewpoint , exclusive access to these files is at least as powerful an instrument of fear as any torture chamber .
Only when a regime falls will the files either be destroyed , or thrown open so people can see which of their friends was an informer .
AP
These days , data about people 's whereabouts , purchases , behaviour and personal lives are gathered , stored and shared on a scale that no dictator of the old school ever thought possible .
Most of the time , there is nothing obviously malign about this .
Governments say they need to gather data to ward off terrorism or protect public health ; corporations say they do it to deliver goods and services more efficiently .
But the ubiquity of electronic data - gathering and processing — and above all , its acceptance by the public — is still astonishing , even compared with a decade ago .
Nor is it confined to one region or political system .
In China , even as economic freedom burgeons , millions of city - dwellers are being issued with obligatory high - tech “ residency ” cards .
These hold details of their ethnicity , religion , educational background , police record and even reproductive history — a refinement of the identity papers used by communist regimes .
Britain used to pride itself on respecting privacy more than most other democracies do .
But there is not much objection among Britons as “ talking ” surveillance cameras , fitted with loudspeakers , are installed , enabling human monitors to shout rebukes at anyone spotted dropping litter , relieving themselves against a wall or engaging in other “ anti- social ” behaviour .
Even smarter technology than that — the sort that has been designed to fight 21st century wars — is being used in the fight against crime , both petty and serious .
In Britain , Italy and America , police are experimenting with the use of miniature remote - controlled drone aircraft , fitted with video cameras and infra-red night vision , to detect “ suspicious ” behaviour in crowds .
Weighing no more than a bag of sugar and so quiet that it cannot be heard ( or seen ) when more than 50 metres ( 150 feet ) from the ground , the battery - operated UAV ( unmanned aerial vehicle ) can be flown even when out of sight by virtue of the images beamed back to a field operator equipped with special goggles .
MW
Power , the firm that distributes the technology in Britain , has plans to add a “ smart water ” spray that would be squirted at suspects , infusing their skin and clothes with genetic tags , enabling police to identify them later .
Most of the time , the convenience of electronic technology , and the perceived need to fight the bad guys , seems to outweigh any worries about where it could lead .
That is a recent development .
On America 's religious right , it was common in the late 1990s to hear dark warnings about the routine use of electronic barcodes in the retail trade : was this not reminiscent of the “ mark of the beast ” without which “ no man might buy or sell ” , predicted in the final pages of the Bible ?
But today 's technophobes , religious or otherwise , are having to get used to devices that they find even spookier .
Take radio - frequency identification ( RFID ) microchips , long used to track goods and identify family pets ; increasingly they are being implanted in human beings .
Such implants are used to help American carers keep track of old people ; to give employees access to high - security areas ( in Mexico and Ohio ) ; and even to give willing night - club patrons the chance to jump entry queues and dispense with cash at the bar ( in Spain and the Netherlands ) .
Some people want everyone to be implanted with RFIDs , as the answer to identity theft .
Across the rich and not - so - rich world , electronic devices are already being used to keep tabs on ordinary citizens as never before .
Closed - circuit television cameras ( CCTV ) with infra-red night vision peer down at citizens from street corners , and in banks , airports and shopping malls .
Every time someone clicks on a web page , makes a phone call , uses a credit card , or checks in with a microchipped pass at work , that person leaves a data trail that can later be tracked .
Every day , billions of bits of such personal data are stored , sifted , analysed , cross -referenced with other information and , in many cases , used to build up profiles to predict possible future behaviour .
Sometimes this information is collected by governments ; mostly it is gathered by companies , though in many cases they are obliged to make it available to law - enforcement agencies and other state bodies when asked .
Follow the data
The more data are collected and stored , the greater the potential for “ data mining ” — using mathematical formulas to sift through large sets of data to discover patterns and predict future behaviour .
If the public had any strong concerns about the legitimacy of this process , many of them evaporated on September 11th 2001 — when it became widely accepted that against a deadly and globally networked enemy , every stratagem was needed .
Techniques for processing personal information , which might have raised eyebrows in the world before 2001 , suddenly seemed indispensable .
Two days after the attacks on New York and Washington , Frank Asher , a drug dealer turned technology entrepreneur , decided to examine the data amassed on 450 m people by his private data - service company , Seisint , to see if he could identify possible terrorists .
After giving each person a risk score based on name , religion , travel history , reading preferences and so on , Mr Asher came up with a list of 1,200 “ suspicious ” individuals , which he handed to the FBI .
Unknown to him , five of the terrorist hijackers were on his list .
The FBI was impressed .
Rebranded the Multistate Anti-Terrorism Information Exchange , or Matrix , Mr Asher 's programme , now taken over by the FBI , could soon access 20 billion pieces of information , all of them churned and sorted and analysed to predict who might one day turn into a terrorist .
A new version , called the System to Assess Risk , or STAR , has just been launched using information drawn from both private and public databases .
As most of the data have already been disclosed to third parties — airline tickets , job records , car rentals and the like — they are not covered by the American constitution 's Fourth Amendment , so no court warrant is required .
In an age of global terror , when governments are desperately trying to pre-empt future attacks , such profiling has become a favourite tool .
But although it can predict the behaviour of large groups , this technique is “ incredibly inaccurate ” when it comes to individuals , says Simon Wessely , a professor of psychiatry at King 's College London .
Bruce Schneier , an American security guru , agrees .
Mining vast amounts of data for well - established behaviour patterns , such as credit - card fraud , works very well , he says .
But it is “ extraordinarily unreliable ” when sniffing out terrorist plots , which are uncommon and rarely have a well - defined profile .
By way of example , Mr Schneier points to the Automated Targeting System , operated by the American Customs and Border Protection , which assigns a terrorist risk - assessment score to anyone entering or leaving the United States .
In 2005 some 431 m people were processed .
Assuming an unrealistically accurate model able to identify terrorists ( and innocent people ) with 99.9 % accuracy , that means some 431,000 false alarms annually , all of which presumably need checking .
Given the unreliability of passenger data , the real number is likely to be far higher , he says .
Those caught up in terrorist - profiling systems are not allowed to know their scores or challenge the data .
Yet their profiles , which may be shared with federal , state and even foreign governments , could damage their chances of getting a state job , a student grant , a public contract or a visa .
It could even prevent them from ever being able to fly again .
Such mistakes are rife , as the unmistakable Senator “ Ted ” Kennedy found to his cost .
In the space of a single month in 2004 , he was prevented five times from getting on a flight because the name “ T Kennedy ” had been used by a suspected terrorist on a secret “ no - fly ” list .
Watching everybody
Another worry : whereas information on people used to be gathered selectively — following a suspect 's car , for example — it is now gathered indiscriminately .
The best example of such universal surveillance is the spread of CCTV cameras .
With an estimated 5 m CCTV cameras in public places , nearly one for every ten inhabitants , England and Wales are among the most closely scrutinised countries in the world — along with America which has an estimated 30 m surveillance cameras , again one for every ten inhabitants .
Every Briton can expect to be caught on camera on average some 300 times a day .
Few seem to mind , despite research suggesting that CCTV does little to deter overall crime .
In any case , says Britain 's “ NO2ID ” movement , a lobby group that is resisting government plans to introduce identity cards , cameras are a less important issue than the emergence of a “ database state ” in which the personal records of every citizen are encoded and too easily accessible .
Alongside fingerprints , DNA has also become an increasingly popular tool to help detect terrorists and solve crime .
Here again Britain ( minus Scotland ) is a world leader , with the DNA samples of 4.1 m individuals , representing 7 % of the population , on its national database , set up in 1995 .
( Most other EU countries have no more than 100,000 profiles on their DNA databases . )
The British database includes samples from one in three black males and nearly 900,000 juveniles between ten and 17 — all tagged for life as possible criminals , since inclusion in the database indicates that someone has had a run-in with the law .
This is because in Britain , DNA is taken from anyone arrested for a “ recordable ” offence — usually one carrying a custodial sentence , but including such peccadillos as begging or being drunk and disorderly .
It is then stored for life , even if that person is never charged or is later acquitted .
No other democracy does this .
In America , the federal DNA databank holds 4.6 m profiles , representing 1.5 % of the population .
But nearly all are from convicted criminals .
Since January 2006 the FBI has been permitted to take DNA samples on arrest , but these can be expunged , at the suspect 's request , if no charges are brought or if he is later acquitted .
Of some 40 states that have their own DNA databases , only California allows the permanent storage of samples of those charged , but later cleared .
In Britain , where people cannot ask for samples to be removed from the database , it was recently proposed that the best way to prevent discrimination is therefore to include the whole population in the DNA database , plus all visitors to the country .
Although this approach is commendably fair , it would be extremely expensive as well as an administrative nightmare .
In popular culture , the use of DNA has become rather glamorous .
Tabloids and television dramas tell stories of DNA being used by police to find kidnappers or exonerate convicts on death row .
According to a poll carried out for a BBC “ Panorama ” programme this week , two - thirds of Britons would favour a new law requiring that everyone 's DNA be stored .
But DNA is less reliable as a crime - detection tool than most people think .
Although it almost never provides a false “ negative ” reading , it can produce false “ positives ” .
Professor Allan Jamieson , director of the Forensic Institute in Glasgow , believes too much faith is placed in it .
As he points out , a person can transfer DNA to a place , or weapon , that he ( or she ) has never seen or touched .
Wiretapping is too easy
More disturbing for most Americans are the greatly expanded powers the government has given itself over the past six years to spy on its citizens .
Under the Patriot Act , rushed through after the 2001 attacks , the intelligence services and the FBI can now oblige third parties — internet providers , libraries , phone companies , political parties and the like — to hand over an individual 's personal data , without a court warrant or that person 's knowledge , if they claim that the information is needed for “ an authorised investigation ” in connection with international terrorism .
( Earlier this month , a federal court in New York held this to be unconstitutional . )
Under the Patriot Act's “ sneak and peek ” provisions , a person 's house or office can likewise now be searched without his knowledge or a prior court warrant .
The act also expanded the administration 's ability to intercept private e-mails and phone calls , though for this a court warrant was supposedly still needed .
But in his capacity as wartime commander - in - chief , George Bush decided to ignore this requirement and set up his own secret “ warrantless ” eavesdropping programme .
The outcry when this was revealed was deafening , and the programme was dropped .
But in August Mr Bush signed into law an amendment to the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , allowing the warrantless intercept of phone calls and e-mails if at least one of the parties is “ reasonably believed ” to be outside America .
So ordinary Americans will continue to be spied on without the need for warrants — but no one is protesting , because now it is legal .
Where 's your warrant ?
According to defenders of warrantless interception , requiring warrants for all government surveillance would dramatically limit the stream of foreign intelligence available .
Privacy should not be elevated above all other concerns , they argue .
But would it really impede law - enforcement that much if a judge was required to issue a warrant on each occasion ?
Technology makes wiretapping much easier than it used to be — too easy , perhaps — so requiring warrants would help to restore the balance , say privacy advocates .
Britain has long permitted the “ warrantless ” eavesdropping of its citizens ( only the home secretary 's authorisation is required ) , and few people appear to mind .
What does seem to worry people is the sheer volume of information now being kept on them and the degree to which it is being made accessible to an ever wider group of individuals and agencies .
The government is now developing the world 's first national children 's database for every child under 18 .
The National Health Service database , already the biggest of its kind in Europe , will eventually hold the medical records of all 53 m people in England and Wales .
Even more controversial is Britain 's National Identity Register , due to hold up to 49 different items on everyone living in the country .
From 2009 , everybody is to be issued with a “ smart ” biometric ID card , linked to the national register , which will be required for access to public services such as doctors ' surgeries , unemployment offices , libraries and the like — leaving a new , readily traceable , electronic data - trail .
America plans a similar system , with a string of personal data held on a new “ smart ” national driver 's licence that would double up as an ID .
Companies are also amassing huge amounts of data about people .
Most people do not think about what information they are handing over when they use their credit or shop “ loyalty ” card , buy something online or sign up for a loan .
Nor do they usually have much idea of the use to which such data are subsequently put .
Not only do companies “ mine ” them to target their advertising more effectively , for example , but also to give their more valued ( ie , higher - spending ) customers better service .
They may also “ share ” their data with the police — without the individual 's consent or knowledge .
Most democratic countries now have comprehensive data - protection and / or privacy laws , laying down strict rules for the collection , storage and use of personal data .
There is also often a national information or privacy commissioner to police it all ( though not in America ) .
Intelligence agencies , and law - enforcement authorities often as well , are usually exempt from such data - protection laws whenever national security is involved .
But such laws generally stipulate that the data be used only for a specific purpose , held no longer than necessary , kept accurate and up - to - date and protected from unauthorised prying .
That all sounds great .
But as a series of leaks in the past few years has shown , no data are ever really secure .
Laptops containing sensitive data are stolen from cars , backup tapes go missing in transit and hackers can break into databases , even the Pentagon's .
Then there are “ insider attacks ” , in which people abuse the access they enjoy through their jobs .
National Health Service workers in Britain were recently reported to have peeked at the intimate medical details of an unnamed celebrity .
All of this can lead to invasions of privacy and identity theft .
As the Surveillance Studies Network concludes in its recent report on the “ surveillance society ” , drawn up for Britain 's information commissioner , Richard Thomas , “ The jury is out on whether privacy regulation ... is not ineffective in the face of novel threats . ”
Boiling the frog
If the erosion of individual privacy began long before 2001 , it has accelerated enormously since .
And by no means always to bad effect : suicide - bombers , by their very nature , may not be deterred by a CCTV camera ( even a talking one ) , but security wonks say many terrorist plots have been foiled , and lives saved , through increased eavesdropping , computer profiling and “ sneak and peek ” searches .
But at what cost to civil liberties ?
Privacy is a modern “ right ” .
It is not even mentioned in the 18th - century revolutionaries ' list of demands .
Indeed , it was not explicitly enshrined in international human - rights laws and treaties until after the second world war .
Few people outside the civil - liberties community seem to be really worried about its loss now .
That may be because electronic surveillance has not yet had a big impact on most people 's lives , other than ( usually ) making it easier to deal with officialdom .
But with the collection and centralisation of such vast amounts of data , the potential for abuse is huge and the safeguards paltry .
Ross Anderson , a professor at Cambridge University in Britain , has compared the present situation to a “ boiled frog ” — which fails to jump out of the saucepan as the water gradually heats .
If liberty is eroded slowly , people will get used to it .
He added a caveat : it was possible the invasion of privacy would reach a critical mass and prompt a revolt .
If there is not much sign of that in Western democracies , this may be because most people rightly or wrongly trust their own authorities to fight the good fight against terrorism , and avoid abusing the data they possess .
The prospect is much scarier in countries like Russia and China , which have embraced capitalist technology and the information revolution without entirely exorcising the ethos of an authoritarian state where dissent , however peaceful , is closely monitored .
On the face of things , the information age renders impossible an old - fashioned , file - collecting dictatorship , based on a state monopoly of communications .
But imagine what sort of state may emerge as the best brains of a secret police force — a force whose house culture treats all dissent as dangerous — perfect the art of gathering and using information on massive computer banks , not yellowing paper .
The Daily Show 's Jon Stewart to anchor Ted Koppel :
You make me want to do better Nick Langewis and Mike Aivaz
Published : Saturday September 29 , 2007
Save This Page
Print This Email This The Daily Show's Jon Stewart appeared at the podium to pay loving tribute to veteran news anchor Ted Koppel at the 28th Annual News & Documentary Emmy Awards this week -- but in the process seemed to lampoon the mainstream media .
His shots were not direct .
But his compliments of Koppel seemed to be couched in vague criticisms of the rest of the crowd .
" I do n't understand how Bob Woodruff went through the terrible things he went through and is still smarter and better looking than I am , " Stewart said .
Of Koppel , he said : " You give me nothing .
I work tirelessly .
I 'm a parasite that attacks artifice .
I eat at the foundation of false sincerity , and you give me bubkes . "
Koppel is " organic , " Stewart said .
" You are not able to deconstruct him , because his integrity is real ... and I do n't like that .
In closing , he added , " I really do appreciate the opportunity to be here with you tonight , and to hear the testimonies of all the others ; and , just to let you know that , uh ... I admire your ability to create the reality that I am unable to fake . "
A transcipt appears below .
The following video was broadcast on C - SPAN on September 28 , 2007 .
Transcript is printed below .
# ( APPLAUSE )
Thank you .
Thank you very much .
I am so tired of following Elie Wiesel at these things .
Blah , blah , blah .
Love . Respect .
Nobel Peace Prize .
Blah , blah !
You what we should do ?
We should drive you over to [ Ahmadinejad 's ] room and show him you exist .
That 'd get him !
( LAUGHTER , APPLAUSE ) See ?
Look !
Talk to this guy !
He was there !
First of all , I just want to let everyone know that tonight is " black tie . " ( LAUGHTER )
I 'm sure that was written somewhere for me but I do n't know where .
I 'm honored to be here tonight .
I 'm somewhat baffled ; when they first asked me to do this , I said " No . "
But then , recognizing what a litigious bunch network anchors are , I thought ... ( LAUGHTER ) ... What ?
Too soon ?
You do n't know what I 'm referring to .
I could be referring to anything !
I do n't like Ted Koppel ... ( LAUGHTER ) ... and I do n't feel like that 's been said enough tonight .
And I do n't understand how Bob [ Woodward ] went through the terrible things he went through and is still smarter and better looking than I am .
But , I will say :
You give me nothing .
I work tirelessly .
I 'm a parasite that attacks artifice .
I eat at the foundation of false sincerity , and you give me bubkes .
He 's organic .
You are not able to deconstruct him , because his integrity is real ... and I do n't like that .
When we first met , you were incredibly open to the idea that I could sit and talk with you .
I assumed this was going to be , at our first meeting , the Rabbi , and I would sit , and you would say " This is your Haftorah , this is what you have to do , " and yet , you asked me questions , you spoke with me as though my opinion mattered to you .
And it did .
And I will never forget that , because here 's what I think is so impressive about Ted Koppel - - and this , I think , could go for anybody in any field - - because I am not in news .
I do n't know if you people know this , but we do n't actually go to the places that we say we go to .
( LAUGHTER )
We have a green screen , and a lot of times we just stand in front of it and say it 's Ramadi .
No .
We know it 's not .
What I love about Ted Koppel is , and I will say this to you :
You make me feel small .
You make me feel like I want to be better .
And to have that effect on people , I think , is the best gift that you can give to those around you .
So , I appreciate you having me here tonight .
I 'm so glad , as I watched all the beautiful and moving work that you 've all been doing , that this show tonight is not televised .
( LAUGHTER ) America does n't need to see this stuff .
But --uh-- ( APPLAUSE ) No ! Listen !
The Entertainment Emmys , that 's where it 's all ...
" Ugly Betty won Whaaat ?... "
So , that 's why I do n't like you .
By making me feel small and making me want to do better because , Lord knows , I want to coast .
But I really do appreciate the opportunity to be here with you tonight , and to hear the testimonies of all the others ; and , just to let you know that , uh ... I admire your ability to create the reality that I am unable to fake .
( APPLAUSE ) #
“ The social organization which is most true of itself to the artist is the boy gang , ” Allen Ginsberg once observed .
It ’s a sentiment that Frank Sinatra would have appreciated .
The time of “ Howl ” and “ On the Road ” was also the time of “ Frank Sinatra Sings for Only the Lonely ” and the original “ Ocean ’s Eleven , ” and although by many measures a taste for the product of North Beach is incompatible with a taste for the product of Las Vegas , the Beat Movement writers and the Rat Pack entertainers were shapers of a similar sensibility .
When “ On the Road ” came out , in September , 1957 , it was praised in the New York Times as the novel of the Beat Generation , equivalent in stature and significance to “ The Sun Also Rises , ” the novel of the Lost Generation .
The book was a best - seller , and it made Jack Kerouac , who had worked on it for ten years , a celebrity .
It is sometimes said of Kerouac that fame killed him — that he was driven crazy by being continually addressed as the spokesman for a generation and by endless unwelcome requests to explain the meaning of the term “ Beat . ” Kerouac was certainly undone by something .
After the success of “ On the Road , ” he continued to write at a manic pace , as he always had , but he became a suicidal alcoholic , and he died , of a hemorrhage caused by acute liver damage , in 1969 , at the age of forty - seven .
( He had by then written more than twenty - five books . )
The notion of the Beat Generation was hardly thrust upon him , though .
“ Beat ” is old carny slang .
According to Beat Movement legend ( and it is a movement with a deep inventory of legend ) , Ginsberg and Kerouac picked it up from a character named Herbert Huncke , a gay street hustler and drug addict from Chicago who began hanging around Times Square in 1939 ( and who introduced William Burroughs to heroin , an important cultural moment ) .
The term has nothing to do with music ; it names the condition of being beaten down , poor , exhausted , at the bottom of the world .
( It ’s used often in this sense in “ On the Road . ” )
In 1948 , Kerouac is supposed to have remarked , in a conversation with the writer John Clellon Holmes , “ You know , this is really a beat generation ” ( followed by a spooky “ only the Shadow knows ” laugh ) , and Holmes thought enough of the phrase to use it as the working title of a novel , eventually published as “ Go , ” and to write an article for the Times Magazine , in 1952 , called “ This Is the Beat Generation , ” in which he credited Kerouac with the term .
( The article was solicited by the man who , five years later , wrote the Times ’ review of “ On the Road , ” Gilbert Millstein . )
Holmes was n’t referring to a movement .
He was referring to the Cold War generation , which , he said , had been disillusioned by the war , the bomb , and the “ cold peace , ” but was obsessed with the question of how life should be lived .
Holmes thought that Beats were optimists , risk - takers , seekers — young people with “ a desperate craving for belief . ”
The article popularized the concept , and Kerouac began using it himself .
“ Beat Generation ” was one of his early titles for “ On the Road . ” ( Another was “ Shades of the Prison House . ” )
After the book came out , he wrote a play called “ Beat Generation , ” an article for Esquire on “ The Philosophy of the Beat Generation , ” and another for Playboy on “ The Origins of the Beat Generation , ” in which he added “ beatific ” to the meanings of “ Beat . ”
In interviews up to the end of his life , he talked about his conception of the Beat Generation , and the literary movement associated with it , proudly , affectionately , and defensively .
In his final appearance on television , a falling - down - drunk performance on William F. Buckley ’s “ Firing Line , ” he insisted that his idea of beatness had nothing to do with the hippies ( whom he despised ) .
It ’s true that the Beat writers were caricatured and abused .
In the literary world , academic critics , whose aesthetic was all about form and restraint , ignored them , and the New York intellectuals , whose ethic was all about complexity and responsibility , attacked them .
Irony was the highbrow virtue of the day , and the Beats had none .
This response probably did matter a little to Ginsberg and Kerouac .
They were Columbia boys .
They had genuine literary aspirations , and they wanted to be taken seriously .
On the other hand , they could hardly have lived in hope of the approval of people like Diana Trilling and Norman Podhoretz .
In the entertainment world , “ Beat ” was transmuted into “ beatnik , ” a word invented , in 1958 , by the San Francisco Chronicle columnist Herb Caen .
The term derives from Sputnik , which was launched into space a month after the publication of “ On the Road . ”
( Why is a beatnik like Sputnik ?
They are both far - out . )
The type was made immortal by the character Maynard G. Krebs on the television series “ The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis ” — a goateed , bongo - playing slacker who calls people “ daddy -o . ”
But lampooning is merely the price of mass attention .
Satire and polemic are , on some level , defensive .
It ’s possible that something about the Beats simply made people uncomfortable .
For the nineteen - fifties images of the Beat — Partisan Review ’s bohemian nihilist and Hollywood ’s hip hedonist — are almost complete inversions of the character types represented in “ On the Road . ”
The book is not about hipsters looking for kicks , or about subversives and nonconformists , rebels without a cause who point the way for the radicals of the nineteen - sixties .
And the book is not an anti-intellectual celebration of spontaneity or an artifact of literary primitivism .
It ’s a sad and somewhat self - consciously lyrical story about loneliness , insecurity , and failure .
It ’s also a story about guys who want to be with other guys .
The Beat Movement had a male muse .
This was , of course , Neal Cassady , the protagonist of both “ On the Road , ” where he is Dean Moriarty , and “ Howl , ” where he is “ N. C. , secret hero of these poems , cocksman and Adonis of Denver . ”
Cassady also figures in several of Kerouac ’s other books — five of Kerouac ’s road novels are being published this fall by the Library of America ( $ 35 ) in a volume edited by Douglas Brinkley — and his iconic presence went beyond the Beats .
He became a friend of Ken Kesey , and he was the driver on the Merry Pranksters ’ famous bus trip , the subject of Tom Wolfe ’s “ The Electric Kool - Aid Acid Test . ”
The Grateful Dead wrote a song about him .
He is the Lou Andreas - Salomé , the Alma Mahler Gropius Werfel , of postwar American culture .
Cassady was an uncanny cross between James Dean and W. C. Fields — a screwup with a profile , a stud with an endless supply of goofy gab .
There is sufficient testimony concerning his sexual endowment to overcome the skepticism normally advisable on that topic .
Some people who knew and liked him called him a con man ( and many people , including Burroughs , disliked and avoided him ) , but this seems misleading .
Cassady was a serial seducer , and , therefore , inveterately untrustworthy .
He grew up on the Denver streets — his father was a wino — and he learned to cope by relying on his enormous energy , adaptive wit , and good looks .
He charmed people in order to get what he needed , and he was generally in need of something .
On the other hand , the people he charmed generally needed something from him — sex or companionship or good times .
And Cassady had no material ambitions .
He was content to get by , and although he had three wives in rapid succession , and juggled his attentions between them and assorted casual girlfriends , he was intermittently serious about all of them .
Everything about Cassady was intermittent .
He had a kind of sociosexual A.D.D .
Hillary Says Surge Working ; Obama Blasts Bush On Cuba
Speaking in front of Kansas City 's VFW yesterday , Sen. Hillary Clinton seemed to say the surge was " working , " mainly in Iraq 's Anbar province , but " we 're just too late in changing our tactics . "
Huh ?
She did tell the veterans that the best way to honor our servicemen and women is by " bringing them home . "
John McCain also was there , receiving a much better reception , and he toed the Bush / Cheney line , saying pulling out of Iraq now would be a disaster , Gen .
Petraeus deserves patience , and reveled in how Iraqi casualties were three times what our casualties were .
What a sick man .
Today Sen. Obama and Big Fred Thompson will speak before the same group , with President Bush headlining tomorrow .
Speaking of Obama , he has an op - ed piece in today 's Miami Herald blasting Bush 's policy of tightening restrictions on Cuban relatives wanting to visit the island or send money home .
He calls such moves a strategic blunder in the effort to help Cuba 's efforts towards freedom and democracy .
The Cuban vote in Florida is going to be key in winning that state both in the primary and general elections .
UPDATE : I may have been a little harsh on Hillary .
Misled by the AP , imagine that .
We all know that working out is a requirement to good health .
Getting started is half the battle and without a plan you will quickly become frustrated and eventually quit .
What good is that ?
So , for all of you ( and I am in this group ) that need to step up to the plate and become a little more active , consider these tips to help ensure you have drive to keep it up !
Always Do Weights Before Cardio :
Most people are confused about this one , and I regularly watch people at my gym do the opposite .
However , trainers , serious athletes and bodybuilders do weights first : this way , your heart rate goes up and when you lift , your body is in more of a fat burning mode .
Doing the opposite means that your muscles are already tired by the time you get to weight - training .
However , always remember to warm up for a few minutes before hitting the weights .
Splurge on a Trainer or Great Instructor :
If you want some extra motivation to go to the gym , nix thoughts of fancy , expensive shower gels , and get yourself a trainer , or register in a yoga / spin / aerobics / kick boxing / ( name your preferred activity ) class with a great instructor .
Nothing will motivate you and get you to make the most of your workout like an experienced , fit person , pushing you when you just want to stop and sit down .
If you ca n’t afford a regular trainer , but want to splurge , book one session so that he / she can help you with your posture .
Clench Your Muscles :
You know how to breathe when you ’re lifting weights : now start clenching your muscles , too .
For instance , clench your biceps / triceps when doing lifts , clench your abs when doing crunches .
Do Two Sessions :
After each workout session , there ’s a post - workout calorie - burning time .
You can double that time by splitting your session into two , if you have enough time .
Always Do Weights
In front of a Mirror :
This is especially important to remember when you ’re at home , not surrounded by mirrors on all sides .
By seeing what you do , you can ensure that your posture is correct .
Mix it Up :
Once you ’ve established a routine , you might feel more comfortable , but so will your body : meaning , you wo n’t be as effective in burning fat and building muscle .
You ’re also likely to get bored pretty soon .
So have fun when you ’re exercising , by mixing things up : take a few yoga classes if you do n’t normally do yoga , or do some spin classes if you ’ve never done that before .
Try alternative workouts , like salsa dancing and hiking .
If you ’re used to running on the treadmill , increase the incline , or skip the treadmill altogether in favor of the elliptical machine .
If you ’ve just started working out , here are some more tips that you should remember :
Start Slow :
Do n’t jump into it all too suddenly : increase workout intensity gradually and avoid hurting yourself .
Do it Daily : Working out daily is the only way to stop yourself from slacking off .
It may sound difficult , but it ’s actually easier than exercising 3 or 4 days a week .
Just do it !
Alternate : Just because you ’re working out daily does n’t mean you push yourself every day .
Alternate with one day of strenuous exercising , and another easier day which will let your body recover and your muscles build up .
Listen to Your Body : Working out can be difficult for a novice .
Make sure you do n’t over - exert yourself , and always listen to your body .
Feeling tired is good : feeling a sharp , jabbing pain means you need to stop at once .
Ice Yourself :
If you do manage to get hurt , use an icepack .
Professionals swear by them .
Buddy
Up :
If you ca n’t afford a trainer or a great instructor , or you do n’t think you ’re ready for one yet , grab hold of a friend with similar goals .
Push each other , and hold each other accountable for showing up and working out .
Fast Music is Your Friend :
One of the easiest ways to get through a grueling workout is to listen to fast , fun music .
It may be corny advice , but fast music really does make it easier to slog away at whatever form of cardio you ’re doing .
Talk to Yourself :
But do it silently , so that people do n’t think you ’re crazy .
Shutting out negative thoughts , like , “ Ugh , I ’m so tired ” or “ I hate coming to the gym ” helps , but replacing them with positive thoughts is better .
Try to reframe your situation so that you actually enjoy what you ’re doing .
Tell yourself that yes , you ’re tired , but that ’s good , because it means you ’re a lean , mean , calorie - burning machine .
Self talk like “ I love the gym ” , “ I love the post - workout high ” and “ I love doing these terrible crunches because I ’m going to love my six - pack ” might sound dumb in theory , but in practice , it really helps you to work out harder , more effectively , and more cheerfully .
Good luck !
This post ’s author is Ruby Cinatta .
Queues , delayed flights and lost baggage all make travelling arduous enough as it is .
That 's nothing - wait until you 're upgraded for a special security grilling , says Sinn Fein president Gerry Adams
Richard McAuley and I were the only male caucasians in the large " holding room " at Newark airport , in the US .
The rest of the people there - men and women of all ages and even a scattering of children - were mostly dark - skinned .
The majority of our companions looked as if they were of Middle Eastern origin .
It was at passport control that Richard , my press secretary , and I were taken out of the line .
Once our passports are put into an airport computer , the machine tends to light up like the Christmas tree at Belfast City Hall .
So , over the past decade or so , we have come to know a lot of airport holding rooms .
Lots of times , by arrangement with the US state department , our entry into America is eased and an official will take us out of the line .
Open sesame - before we know it , we are in the land of Uncle Sam , ready to be whisked off to whatever event we are attending .
Lots of times , this process is n't quite so straightforward , though .
Once the computer lights up , that 's it .
In the holding room , it may only be a matter of form , but it depends who is about the place .
Sometimes the FBI is around .
That can be a bit of a pain .
Most of the FBI people at airports are young fellas .
" Have you a schedule , sir ? "
" Yup , " I say , with the patience of a man used to spending four or five hours at a time at the side of Irish roads in the company of the British Army 's Parachute Regiment , back in the days when British Army roadblocks were daily rites of passage .
I hand the FBI young gun a copy of my travel schedule - a document that has been in the possession of the US state department for the past month or so .
" Huh , " he says .
" Why are you going to the White House , sir ? "
" To see the president . "
" Huh . Why ? "
" He asked me , " I say evenly .
My deadpan delivery is wasted on him .
Maybe he is used to dealing with wise guys .
" Why , sir ? "
" I can't discuss that with you .
Security ... you know what I mean . "
" Huh , " he says , looking me straight in the eyes .
I return his gaze .
I have been interrogated on a number of occasions at Palace Barracks , where they beat you for the hell of it , so playing at " blinking first " with the FBI apprentice and letting him win is no problem .
No , sir .
Such delays are par for the course .
This time the hold - up causes us to miss a number of engagements .
It 's the first time that has happened , but we have missed a flight before .
And a flight home that was , too .
When you 're trying to get into America or travelling about the country by air , one of the battery of security measures in force is called " secondary security screening selection " , or SSSS .
This is usually a random selection , we are told .
The legend SSSS is stamped on the tickets of those randomly selected , and the lucky ticket holder gets extra attention .
Richard and I are randomly included for this treatment all the time .
Before 9/11 , we used to get delayed at only one stage on entering America - the holding - room experience outlined above .
Since 9/11 , it happens everywhere , even on domestic flights .
And there is nothing the security people at the airports can do about it , even if they wanted to .
The first delay is at the check - in desk .
Then at the security section .
Then just before boarding .
Sometimes our bags are checked twice , and we have been body searched three times .
A couple of times , our bags have been taken off the plane for another search .
That 's why we always leave lots of time for checking in .
When we were leaving Washington after St Patrick 's Day last year , we arrived at Dulles airport not long after 3.30 pm for a 5.20 pm flight to Buffalo .
We went from a presidential reception at the White House to the airport .
Dulles was busy .
The SSSS made it even busier .
I settled down with my book and took it easy .
There is no point in not taking it easy .
Later , when we missed our flight , we joined a queue of people , most of whom were of Middle Eastern appearance , looking to retrieve their luggage .
Some were elderly .
A few were quite distraught .
They could not speak English and were obviously distressed at the way they were being treated .
The man behind the desk was friendly .
" You must be Irish , " he said .
" You look like that guy , Adams . "
" I know , " I said .
" He 's always getting me into trouble . "
" Happy St Patrick 's day , " he said , smiling .
" We 'll forward your bag to you . "
" Happy Paddy 's day to you too , " I said .
We never made the event we were scheduled for .
My bag did .
Then it took the long , scenic route home without me .
But that 's another story .
Brian Higgins , the congressman who was to have been our host that evening , was so incensed about all this that he kicked up a row with all the right people and we never got bothered again .
Until last month , that is .
It was the official at passport control at Newark who started it .
" What usually happens when you come to the USA ? " she asked .
" I usually have a nice time , " I replied with a winning smile .
" That 's not what I mean , " she said crossly , handing me back my ticket .
" Escort ! " she bellowed .
The holding room beckoned .
Serves me right ?
Ach well , do n't rush to judgment .
You 'll get your chance .
SSSS rules and it's coming to an airport close to you soon .
From Mark Thoma , via Brad DeLong , comes what will henceforth be my absolutely favorite example of twisting data to fit your theories .
Observe the following graph of corporate tax rates vs. revenue in units of GDP :
Pretty straightforward , really .
As you raise taxes , the government collects more revenue .
Norway seems to collect more than its fair share , which might be interesting to dig into , but the trend seems clear .
But there 's something nagging at the back of your mind -- are n't there people out there in the world who believe that raising taxes actually decreases revenue past some certain not - very - high tax rate ?
" Supply - side economists , " or something like that ?
People who exert a wildly disproportionate influence on U.S. tax policy ?
What would they make of such a graph ?
Yes , Virginia , there is such a thing as supply - side economics , and you can find its practitioners in such out - of - the way places as the American Enterprise Institute and the editorial pages of the Wall Street Journal .
Here is how such people view these data :
No , I am not being unfair .
I did not draw the " Laffer Curve " on top of those data in order to embarrass the WSJ or AEI .
They did it themselves ; the second graph is how the plot was actually published by the Journal , while the first one was Mark Thoma 's subsequent reality - based - community version of the plot .
As Kevin Drum says , it 's " like those people who find an outline of the Virgin Mary in a potato chip . "
Among other features , we note with amusement that the plotted curve implies that tax revenues hit zero at a corporate tax rate of about 33 % , and become dramatically negative thereafter .
As of this writing , it is unclear what advanced statistical software package was used to fit the Laffer Curve to the data ; the smart money seems to be on MS Paint .
New !
See also this interactive tool to explore and illustrate how different election methods work in a one - dimensional model of the political spectrum .
Among both academics and activists , there has been a long debate over election methods — the rules for marking and counting ballots to determine a winner .
The Plurality method , where each voter votes for just one candidate , is the most well known , but it has some problems .
Many other possibilities have been proposed ; some allow votes for more than one candidate , some ask voters to assign scores or ranks to the candidates , and so on .
For a good introduction to election methods , see Wikipedia .
In discussions comparing election methods , people often argue for one method or another by presenting examples of cases where a particular method fails or behaves strangely .
There are five commonly cited criteria ( called universality , non-imposition , non-dictatorship , monotonicity , and independence of irrelevant alternatives ) for " reasonable behaviour " of an election method .
But it has been mathematically proven that no single - winner election method can meet all five of these criteria , so one can always invent situations where a particular method violates one of these criteria .
Thus , presenting individual cases of strange behaviour proves little .
A more substantive way to argue for or against a particular election method would be to compare how frequently failures occur , under what conditions they occur , and how severe they are .
We need a way to map out how an election method behaves over a wide range of cases and understand the effects of a shift in public opinion .
I 've generated the images on this page in the hope of illustrating these effects better and gaining some insight into how election methods behave .
Simulation Method
The following images were created by simulating a series of single - winner elections under the following assumptions :
Political opinion is represented by a point on a plane .
That is , each voter 's position and candidate 's position is described by two independent co-ordinates , and the Euclidean distance between two points measures the degree to which two positions differ .
The voter 's positions are distributed according to a bell curve along both dimensions ( a two - dimensional Gaussian distribution ) .
The " center of opinion " mentioned below is the center of this distribution .
For each image , the positions of the candidates are fixed .
There are three or four candidates , indicated by small circles filled in with the candidate 's colour .
Each point in the image corresponds to an election with the center of opinion located at that point .
For every point , we simulate an entire election by scattering 200000 voters in a normal distribution around that point and collecting ballots from all of the voters ; then we colour the point to indicate the winner .
We present the images five at a time , comparing these election methods :
Plurality ( also called " first past the post " ) : Each voter may vote for only one candidate .
The candidate with the most votes wins .
( also called " first past the post " ) : Each voter may vote for only one candidate .
The candidate with the most votes wins .
Approval : Each voter may vote for any number of candidates .
The candidate with the most votes wins .
: Each voter may vote for any number of candidates .
The candidate with the most votes wins .
Borda : Each voter ranks the candidates in preference order .
Candidates get points according to the ranks they are given , and the candidate with the lowest total rank wins .
: Each voter ranks the candidates in preference order .
Candidates get points according to the ranks they are given , and the candidate with the lowest total rank wins .
Condorcet : Each voter ranks the candidates in preference order .
If there is a candidate who would defeat all of the other candidates in one - on - one contests , that candidate wins .
: Each voter ranks the candidates in preference order .
If there is a candidate who would defeat all of the other candidates in one - on - one contests , that candidate wins .
Hare ( also called " instant runoff " or " IRV " ) : Each voter ranks the candidates in preference order .
Each ballot is assigned to its highest - ranked candidate , and if one candidate has more than half the ballots , that candidate wins .
Otherwise , the candidate with the least first - ranked votes is eliminated , and the ballots ranking that candidate highest are reassigned to the next - highest non-eliminated candidate .
The counting and elimination process is repeated until there is a majority winner .
The voters are assumed to vote as follows :
Plurality : Vote for the nearest candidate .
: Vote for the nearest candidate .
Approval : Vote for all the candidates within an acceptable distance .
The voters ' acceptable distances are randomized according to a log - normal distribution .
: Vote for all the candidates within an acceptable distance .
The voters ' acceptable distances are randomized according to a log - normal distribution .
Borda : Rank the candidates in order of increasing distance .
: Rank the candidates in order of increasing distance .
Condorcet : Rank the candidates in order of increasing distance .
: Rank the candidates in order of increasing distance .
Hare : Rank the candidates in order of increasing distance .
These are all very simplistic assumptions .
They probably do not model real - world voters accurately .
However , observing voting methods under these assumptions can show us something about how these voting methods behave .
Under these simple assumptions one would expect any reasonable voting method to yield straightforward behaviour ; real - world behaviour would only be more complex than what these simulations show .
The following images visually demonstrate how Plurality penalizes centrist candidates and Borda favours them ; how Approval and Condorcet yield nearly identical results ; and how the Hare method yields extremely strange behaviour .
Alarmingly , the Hare method ( also known as " IRV " ) is gaining momentum as the most popular type of election - method reform in the United States ( in Berkeley , Oakland , and just last November in San Francisco , for example ) .
Three Candidates
Equilateral
In each group of five images , the three candidates ( red , green , and blue ) all have the same positions .
In all the images , the x-axis ranges from - 0.25 to 1.25 ( left to right ) and the y - axis ranges from - 0.25 to 1.25 ( bottom to top ) .
The Gaussian distribution of voters has a sigma of 0.5 .
The three candidates are positioned in an equilateral triangle : red at ( 0.5 , 0.99 ) , green at ( 0.07 , 0.25 ) , and blue at ( 0.93 , 0.25 ) .
As one might expect , all voting systems treat them fairly .
That is , when the center of opinion is nearest the red candidate , the red candidate wins ; when it is nearest the blue candidate , the blue candidate wins ; when it is nearest the green candidate , the green candidate wins .
Plurality Approval Borda Condorcet Hare ( IRV )
Squeezed Out
In this example , we have red at ( 0.07 , 0.17 ) , green at ( 0.49 , 0.01 ) , and blue at ( 0.41 , 0.02 ) .
Here we start to see some problems .
The Plurality and Hare methods both favour extremists : they can squeeze out a moderate candidate .
The blue candidate , stuck in the middle between the red and green candidates , will win when public opinion is moderate with the Approval and Condorcet methods , but has no chance of winning in the Plurality and Hare methods .
The blue candidate has an even larger winning region with the Borda method .
Plurality Approval Borda Condorcet Hare ( IRV )
Vote Splitting
Here is a visual illustration of splitting the vote .
Red is located at ( 0.93 , 0.49 ) , green at ( 0.79 , 0.42 ) , and blue at ( 0.27 , 0.45 ) .
If the red candidate were not running , then the contest between blue and green should split exactly halfway between the two candidates , as it does in Approval and Condorcet .
Notice that in Plurality voting , the addition of the red candidate has caused the blue region to expand to the right : blue has gained an unfair advantage because red and green are splitting the vote .
This is a commonly cited problem with Plurality voting , and a strong motivator for voting reform .
With Borda voting , the result is the opposite : the presence of the red candidate is actually helpful to the green candidate , expanding the green winning region slightly .
Plurality Approval Borda Condorcet Hare ( IRV )
Nonmonotonicity
In the previous example , the plot for the Hare method shows a concave , M - shaped green region .
When a candidate 's winning region is concave , that means the election method is nonmonotonic .
That is , a shift of public opinion toward a candidate can cause the candidate to lose , and a shift of public opinion away from a candidate can cause the candidate to win .
Here is a more extreme example of such pathological behaviour .
Red is located at ( 0.54 , 0.47 ) , green at ( 0.77 , 0.64 ) , and blue at ( 0.13 , 0.10 ) .
Look at the image in the lower - left for the Hare method , which shows a red region with two spikes .
When the center of opinion is located in the left spike , moving toward the red candidate can cause red to lose .
When the center of opinion is located in the right spike , moving away from the green candidate can cause green to win .
Plurality Approval Borda Condorcet Hare ( IRV )
Four Candidates
Square
In each group of five images , the four candidates ( red , green , yellow , and blue ) all have the same positions .
In all the images , the x-axis ranges from - 0.25 to 1.25 ( left to right ) and the y - axis ranges from - 0.25 to 1.25 ( bottom to top ) .
The Gaussian distribution of voters has a sigma of 0.5 .
For four candidates in a perfect square ( red , yellow , green , and blue at ( 0.3 , 0.3 ) , ( 0.7 , 0.3 ) , ( 0.3 , 0.7 ) , and ( 0.7 , 0.7 ) respectively ) , Plurality , Approval , Borda , and Condorcet yield the obvious expected outcomes here .
But even in this simplest of cases , Hare behaves unreasonably .
The strange colours in the center of the figure are caused by counting the second - place choices of only some voters and disregarding others .
For example , the red and blue areas in the upper - left quadrant are due to large numbers of voters who rank yellow highest ; when yellow is eliminated first , their ballots count as votes for red or blue .
Plurality Approval Borda Condorcet Hare ( IRV )
Shattered
Here we have red at ( 0.12 , 0.28 ) , yellow at ( 0.85 , 0.70 ) , green at ( 0.39 , 0.28 ) , and blue at ( 0.97 , 0.14 ) .
Plurality severely penalizes green , the moderate .
The Approval and Condorcet methods yield boundaries exactly halfway between candidates , and once again , the centrist gets the largest winning region with Borda .
The Hare method yields a very strange shape for green 's winning region .
Plurality Approval Borda Condorcet Hare ( IRV )
Disjoint
In this example , red is located at ( 0.24 , 0.23 ) , yellow at ( 0.19 , 0.62 ) , green at ( 0.04 , 0.64 ) , and blue at ( 0.85 , 0.55 ) .
Again , Plurality works against the moderate and Borda favours the moderate .
The Hare method divides the yellow candidate 's winning area into two disjoint regions .
Plurality Approval Borda Condorcet Hare ( IRV )
Nonmonotonicity City
This example demonstrates more absurd behaviour from the Hare method .
Red is at ( 0.40 , 0.57 ) , yellow at ( 0.16 , 0.54 ) , green at ( 0.05 , 0.62 ) , and blue at ( 0.91 , 0.70 ) .
Meeting Minutes
Secretarial Supply Co , Ltd
October 5 , 2007
1:00 pm , Conference Room
Present : Andrew Zinnamon , CEO & Sucker ; Michelle Tartulo , CFO & Head of Anti-Secritism ; Tim McCloskey , Director of Public Relations & Yes - Manry ; Vish Gupta , Managing Director of Product Design , & Boring Nerd Things .
Minutes taken by : Angela Ellington , Office Assistant Extraordinaire .
Proceedings :
· Meeting called to order at 1:00 p.m. by CEO Andrew Zinnamon .
- Cake presented to Ellington , reading ‘ Best Minutes - Taker Ever – We Love You , Angela !’.
Ellington prefers white cake , which is noted by Zinnamon , who promises to “ do better next time ” .
· Chief Executive 's Report :
- Zinnamon describes company as in precarious position , with next 6 months integral to survival in increasingly cutthroat world of secretarial supply .
- Recommends that company consider altering its target population to reduce competition .
Requests research on potential in non-traditional office assistant markets – i.e. 12-15 year old males , illiterate deaf - mutes , Scandinavian fishermen .
- Tartulo ’s inane inquiry about the viability of such small , potentially non-existent markets met by Zinnamon ’s insistence on expanding constituency .
McCloskey “ wholeheartedly agrees ” MOTION to ‘ look into things ’ seconded by McCloskey and passed .
- Zinnamon stresses importance of shoring up resources to deal with seven new lawsuits levied against company : printing error deleting ‘ In ’ from ‘ Hang In There ’ caused nationwide spike in secretarial suicide .
· Finance report provided by Chair , Elizabeth Drucker :
- Numbers from last quarter way down , with “ World ’s Best Coffee - Fetcher ” mug largest loss .
- Bitch Tartulo suggests diverting funds away from extravagant ‘ Office Assistant Day ’ parade to cover new R&D needs and increasing overhead .
MOTION not seconded .
- Ellington recommends cutting Tartulo ’s salary to cover costs .
Though no motion made , glimmer in others ’ eyes demonstrate silent assent .
· Creative Content report provided by Vish Gupta :
- Gupta recommends expanding line to better meet needs of 20th century assistant ’s needs .
Zinnamon yawns , followed immediately by McCloskey .
- Gupta requests a change in company image .
Research demonstrates term ‘ Secretarial ’ is archaic and offensive .
Zinnamon angrily counters that company was built single - handedly in 1909 by his great - grandfather Aloysius Secretarial , who would roll over in grave if company lost the family name .
- Gupta says something else nerd - like .
None present pay much attention .
- MOTION to skip over remainder of Creative Content report offered by Zinnamon & seconded by McCloskey .
Put to vote and passed ( Gupta abstained ) .
· Other business :
- Ellington given customary opportunity to provide riveting and thorough description of home life , which all present ( save Tartulo the soulless wench ) enjoy immensely .
- Running low on toner .
· Meeting adjourned at 2:30 p.m .
· Minutes submitted by Office Assistant , Angela Ellington .
By CS Van Orden
posted by on October 5 at 10:22 AM
A woman that ca n’t care for her four children — she ’s got a drug problem , the father is not on the scene — begged her uncle to take in her children .
He ’s already raising two children but he did the right thing and took in his niece ’s four children — kids that range in age from 10 months to 11 years old .
Enter the state of Utah .
The man that took in his niece ’s four kids is gay and lives with a male partner .
The state of Utah wants to remove the four children from the home of Michael Gregg Valdez — he ’s the uncle — and Michael Oberg and put them in foster care .
To the state , it ’s a simple matter of the law , which says that to adopt or be a foster parent , you must be legally married or single and not cohabitating .
Officials asked for clarification of a judge ’s directive that Valdez have custody of the children , requesting that the court take custody or grant custody to the state ’s Division of Child and Family Services … .
The two men , both natives of Utah County , said they would love to get married , but voters passed a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage .
The men have been together for five years , both are natives of Utah , both are employed , and neither has a criminal history .
The state will have to split the four siblings up if it succeeds in removing from their uncles ’ home ; it ’s almost impossible to find a foster home that will take four children .
A brave judge in Utah has so far bucked the state :
Officials [ requested ] that the court take custody or grant custody to the state ’s Division of Child and Family Services .
On Friday , the courts took custody , then turned around and granted Valez temporary custody of the children .
“ The judge said , ‘ I see absolutely no reason why the kids ca n’t stay where they ’re at , ’ ” Valdez said .
Under Utah law the men not only can’t serve as foster parents , they also ca n’t adopt .
Finding foster parents for four siblings ranging in age from 10 months to 11 years is nearly impossible .
Finding adoptive parents for a sibling group that large is utterly impossible .
But the law in Utah is clear :
These four children should be tossed into the foster care system , potentially separated from each other for the rest of their lives , and if their mother loses custody permanently , denied any chance of a stable home .
Because it would be illegal to place these children in the care of a loving , stable same - sex couple that they ’re related to .
My head is going to explode .
I do n’t even know what to say .
So let ’s give the last word to the 11 year - old boy whose life the state of Utah wants to destroy :
* Illustration : Riccardo Vecchio *
The celebrated career of French Anderson collapsed suddenly in July 2004 .
That month , the 67 - year - old scientist , famously known as the father of gene therapy , was arrested on charges of molesting the daughter of a colleague .
According to the claim , Anderson molested the girl , Mei Lin ( not her real name ) , from 1997 to 2001 , starting when she was 10 and he was 60 .
Anderson , former director of the University of Southern California 's Gene Therapy Laboratories , insists he is innocent .
A mentor to Lin , he admits pressuring her , sometimes aggressively , to do well in school .
If the relationship was unusually close — over the years , Anderson treated Lin to fancy dinners , coached her to a karate national championship , and even took her shopping for a prom dress — it had not seemed troubling to outsiders until Anderson was arrested .
The trial that followed was sordid and dramatic .
Lin , then 17 , claimed that Anderson had crawled under the desk and sucked her toes as she played videogames at his multimillion - dollar home in the tony town of San Marino .
He would conduct fake medical exams and thrust against her while she lay on the bed in her underwear reading comic books .
" He 'd say , ' Please , I need this , ' " Lin testified .
The case against Anderson was compiled in thousands of pages of court documents .
Emails submitted by the prosecution showed Lin blaming Anderson for the abuse , and Anderson appearing to apologize .
The key piece of evidence was an audiotape of Lin , secretly wearing a police wire , confronting Anderson in front of the South Pasadena public library .
In one exchange , widely reprinted in newspapers , Anderson calls his actions " indefensible " and adds , " I can't explain it .
It 's just — it 's just evil . "
This February , he was sentenced to 14 years in prison .
Since his incarceration , Anderson has continued to maintain that he is the victim of a false accusation .
He has fired his attorney , celebrity defense lawyer Barry Tarlow ( last seen defending Mel Gibson ) and is in the process of appealing his conviction .
His supporters include a coalition of highly placed scientists , the " Friends of French Anderson . "
I knew Anderson by reputation , and last spring I began to look into his story .
I tried contacting Lin , who did n't want to talk about the case .
Her mother waved me away when I knocked on the door of her South Pasadena home .
Then , in April , Anderson learned of my interest and began writing me from jail .
" I need an objective professional to take up my cause , " he wrote .
" For you to do that I would think that you would want to convince yourself firsthand of my innocence .
Therefore , please feel free to ask me anything you want in any way you want in order to convince yourself .
If you want to hit me with some ‘ trick ' questions to test me , that is fine .
I am innocent and I have no problem with you challenging me in any way you want . "
Anderson 's letter reached me through his wife .
Born in north England , Kathy Anderson is petite , with short gray hair and a precise British diction that creates an impression of finely wrought steeliness .
" When this began , I had faith in the essential fairness of the courts , " she remarked darkly when we first met .
" I believed that justice would be done . "
When I pull up in front of Kathy 's house for the first time , two blond cocker spaniels peer out the window through the blinds .
The Andersons were forced to sell their San Marino home to pay the $ 2.3 million in legal fees incurred during the trial , so for the past nine months Kathy has been living alone in a San Gabriel rental .
Seated under a charcoal drawing of a pigtailed Chinese girl , she looks tense and worn .
" The whole thing has been a fiasco , " she says , as one of the dogs drapes its jowls across her knee .
" The actual story is very different from the one presented in the trial . "
The Andersons have been married for 46 years .
Until retiring recently , Kathy was surgeon in chief at Childrens Hospital in Los Angeles and also president of the American College of Surgeons — the first woman to occupy that post .
French Anderson 's career was even more luminous .
A fervent believer in the potential of gene therapy , in 1990 he gave the world 's first experimental gene treatment to Ashanthi De Silva , a 4 - year - old born with a rare genetic disorder .
Ashanthi grew stronger , and Anderson was hailed as the hero of a new age in medicine .
He and his wife were invited to dine at the White House .
In 1995 , he was runner - up for Time 's Man of the Year , losing to Newt Gingrich .
In the months since Anderson went to prison , Kathy has continued to defend him and fight his conviction .
She describes him as brilliant but naive and socially awkward : a scientist who tried to help a troubled teenage girl , only to become a target of her rage .
" She showed him these cuts she 'd made on her arm and said , ‘ What are you going to do about it ? ' "
Kathy recalls .
" It was frightening .
He just wanted to get away . "
At first , I presumed Kathy was fooling herself — the hoodwinked wife still in denial .
But she does n't strike me as particularly credulous .
" He 's really only comfortable in a scientific environment , " she says flatly , adding that Lin took advantage of this : screaming accusations at Anderson , who could do little but mumble apologies .
She even says Lin planted fake evidence to make Anderson seem more guilty , noting that a key prosecution document — an email from Lin to Anderson that explicitly alleged sexual abuse — existed only in draft form on Lin 's computer , a point that was made repeatedly during the trial .
" There was no proof that it had even been sent , " she says .
Kathy is n't sure what would motivate Lin to do something so vengeful , but she suggests that the timing of the accusation is significant .
Lin 's mother , Yi Zhao , a hematologist , had spent 10 years working in Anderson 's lab , only to have her salary slashed when the company that he founded abruptly collapsed in 2003 .
" Yi was enraged , " Kathy says .
" She blamed French . "
Although Kathy does n't think that Zhao would have coached her daughter to lie , she believes there may have been unconscious pressure .
Another possible explanation , of course , is that Kathy is simply unable to face her husband 's crime .
When I ask how she can be sure that French is innocent , she looks startled .
" When you 've been married to someone for 46 years , you know what that person is capable of , " she says with some asperity .
" And this is not something that French is capable of . "
It 's not an argument that would hold up in court .
But I find Kathy 's straightforward account unexpectedly convincing .
In medicine , the simplest diagnosis is usually the right one .
Patients with sore throats tend to have colds , not cancer .
By that rule , the most likely explanation for Anderson 's conviction is that he is guilty .
But diagnoses can also be wrong .
Mistakes happen , in both hospitals and courtrooms — and a molestation claim is particularly fraught .
Anderson was forced to leave USC immediately after he was charged , two full years before the trial .
" It was appalling , " says Leslie Weiner , former chair of the university 's neurology department .
" They shut down his lab the minute the accusation came out . "
I agree to investigate Anderson 's case .
As I leave , Kathy gives me three books , including a hardback biography by Bob Burke and Barry Epperson , W. French Anderson : Father of Gene Therapy , and Altered Fates , an account of the rise of gene therapy , by Chicago Tribune reporters Jeff Lyon and Peter Gorner .
" It 's been so awful , " she says reflectively .
" Just talking with you ...
For the first time in months , I feel a tiny bit of hope . "
Anderson after his 2004 arraignment .
AP Photo / The Pasadena Star - News , Walt ManciniBack home , I look through the books that Kathy gave me .
They 're intended as hagiographies — the epic tale of a genetic pioneer on a scientific quest — but what 's most striking is Anderson 's inescapable oddness .
He was a bright but strange boy who grew up to be a bright but strange man .
Even as a child , Anderson seemed driven by some intense internal force .
Obsessively self - controlled and gratingly grandiose , he charted his workdays according to how productive he had been — a compulsion that began when he was 10 .
Prone to rages and mocked for stuttering , he found his Oklahoma classmates stupid and often told them so .
( Not surprisingly , he was dubbed " the most unpopular boy in school . " )
Anderson was eventually sent to the school psychologist , who tried to teach the eccentric 10 - year - old to fit in .
" He would play another student who would tease me about my stuttering or would say that I thought I was too smart or whatnot , " Anderson recalled during the trial .
" He taught me how to respond in a nonconfrontational way . "
Convinced of the benefits of pro-social behavior , Lyon and Gorner write in Altered Fates , " He began to press the flesh , as if working on a five - year plan to become the toast of Tulsa . "
He dropped his given name , Bill , to become W. French , and began analyzing interactions for their social success .
In seventh grade , he was elected class president .
" He had learned to manipulate people with the same flair with which he later handled genes , " Lyon and Gorner conclude .
As an undergraduate at Harvard , Anderson quickly excelled , becoming a track star and publishing eclectic papers , including one outlining a method for multiplying and dividing Roman numerals .
He continued to log every hour of his time .
( Like a company reporting quarterly earnings to stockholders , he once sent his parents a breakdown of how he spent an average day . )
During a year abroad at Cambridge , Anderson met Kathy Duncan in an anatomy class when they were assigned to opposite sides of the head of a cadaver .
" He was a genius , no question about it , " Kathy recalls .
The couple married in 1961 , and both graduated from Harvard Medical School a few years later .
Anderson took a job at the National Institutes of Health , beginning what Lyon and Gorner call an " unceasing and at times quixotic sprint " to cure disease by repairing defective genes .
Anderson struggled to find a way to insert genes into cells by hand , using a process called micro injection .
The approach was slow , inefficient , and only intermittently successful .
After abandoning it , Anderson all but disappeared .
He dabbled in sports medicine and published a handful of futuristic papers on how gene therapy might be used once certain existing technological hurdles had been overcome .
He had the window shades in his NIH office blacked out and frequently sat for long periods in total darkness .
At home , he would float for hours in the pool , screened by a 0 - foot - high wall of bamboo .
When I first began writing to Anderson , I asked whether he had lost faith in the promise of gene therapy during that dispiriting time .
He replied : " Some things you just know , down deep , are correct .
For me these have included such diverse areas as : belief in God , belief that Kathy would be my lifelong and eternal and only mate , belief that Roman numerals and any numerical system could be used for all arithmetic operations , and belief that gene therapy would work . "
Anderson struggled until 1984 , when MIT researcher Richard Mulligan devised a way to safely insert genes into cells using a retrovirus rather than a needle .
At the time , no one knew what would happen to a person who had a foreign gene inserted — a complex process in which the patient 's cells were " infected " by a virus that had been genetically modified to include human DNA .
But Anderson believed profoundly in the power of gene therapy to cure inherited diseases and wanted to test that theory .
Although experiments in animals seemed to show that the procedure was safe , regulators were wary , and in 1988 , the NIH 's Human Gene Therapy Subcommittee unanimously denied Anderson 's proposal to begin human testing .
Anderson demanded a hearing before the full committee , many of whom were nonscientists .
The idea , Anderson explained after the fact , was to " change the playing field " through a " carefully planned emotional appeal . "
" I was asked , ‘ What 's the rush in trying to get your protocol approved ? ' "
Anderson said during the hearing .
" A patient dies of cancer every minute in this country .
Since we began this discussion 146 minutes ago , 146 patients have died of cancer . "
Anderson 's trial was approved 16 to 5 , with the dissenting votes cast by the five molecular biologists on the committee who stressed the lack of good test results in animals .
A few months later , in May 1989 , he conducted the first human safety test for gene therapy , inserting a harmless marker gene into a 52 - year - old man .
A year later , Anderson took the next step : giving 4 - year - old De Silva a transfusion of blood cells that had been genetically modified to include a functioning ADA gene , which helps the body counter infections .
Although De Silva 's immune disorder — caused by a mutation in the gene that produces ADA — could be partly controlled through an artificial supplement , PEG - ADA , Anderson hoped to create a permanent cure .
Now 21 , De Silva is a senior in college .
Although she continues to need PEG - ADA , her health has been fairly stable .
Her mother , Van De Silva , believes that the injections of genetically enhanced blood administered by Anderson saved Ashanthi .
" If not for him , I do n't think my daughter would be alive , " she says fervently .
" He 's a good man .
A good man . "
The scientific consensus on Anderson 's experiment is murkier .
The medication De Silva took throughout the trial and which she continues to take today is proven to boost T - cell count and may have been the real cause of her improvement .
Amazingly , even 17 years later , it remains unclear whether Anderson 's treatment actually worked .
But no one denies the impact that the trial had on the burgeoning field .
Donald Kohn , who directs the gene - therapy program at Childrens Hospital , believes that without Anderson 's push , it might have been another 10 to 15 years before gene therapy was tried on a person .
" He had this idea of gene therapy being the future of medicine and did what was necessary to realize that idea , " Kohn states .
There is a story that Anderson tells in Altered Fates about walking into his adviser 's office as a freshman , carrying an itemized plan for his own future greatness .
" I had my four college years all planned , my entire life diagrammed out , really , down to the last detail , " he recalls .
As Anderson tells it , when he ran into his adviser years later , the scientist blurted , " Hey , I remember you .
You 're French Anderson , the guy who had his whole life planned out .
By God , you went ahead and did exactly what you said you were going to do , did n't you ? "
Kathy Anderson in her Los Angeles home .
Photo : Brigitte SireMy second letter from Anderson arrived in late May .
At his invitation , I had sent a list of what I felt were the most incriminating pieces of evidence from the trial and highlighted explanations in his testimony that appeared inconsistent .
I also asked Anderson some questions about himself , including one about his scholarly interest in Kant .
Anderson skipped the questions about the trial , which he said he would answer separately , but chatted freely about Kant , noting that he considered the philosopher a kindred spirit .
" Kant said : ‘ Two things fill me with wonderment : the starry firmament above us and the moral conscience within us , ' " Anderson wrote .
" That is just how I feel . "
The reply did little to clarify the increasingly complicated picture I was getting of Anderson 's personality .
While waiting for his answers , I had met with several of Anderson 's former colleagues , who I hoped could shed some light on the case — including Laurence Kedes , director of USC's Institute for Genetic Medicine .
Kedes testified at Anderson 's trial , and while he admits to not knowing the truth of the case — " you never really know your colleagues " — he calls Anderson " scrupulously honest . "
Such rectitude could seem cocky — as when Anderson wrote to the IRS inviting them to audit his lab .
More often , it was merely priggish .
When I mentioned one such story to Anderson , he confirmed it with relish .
" As I was munching a donut at [ the Gene Therapy Institute ] , it occurred to me that I was receiving an unauthorized gratuity from a private company , " he explained .
" I therefore insisted on paying for my donut . "
Kedes is n't the only one who found the allegations against Anderson implausible .
In the lead - up to sentencing , more than 200 scientists and patients submitted letters testifying to Anderson 's good work and upstanding character .
One of these came from Weiner , the former USC neurology chair , who collaborated with Anderson on a genetic treatment for multiple sclerosis .
" I have never had an instance where he did anything dishonest , " Weiner says .
" There are not a lot of people I can say that about . "
Indeed , Anderson often seems incapable even of thinking badly of someone — a blind positivism that has led to some bizarre choices .
Several associates were privately horrified when Anderson began working with Fred Hall , a controversial surgical researcher who later published a thinly veiled novel about gene therapy that featured an all - powerful villain named Dutch Henderson .
For all of his trust , Anderson could also be paranoid .
After receiving death threats from opponents of gene therapy — who condemned it as " playing God " — Anderson , who already had a black belt in tae kwon do , became increasingly fixated on self - defense .
He took courses in surveillance , explosives , and car bomb detection , and spent hours relentlessly improving his marksmanship at the nearby shooting range .
" We used to joke that you could have made a little soap opera out of French 's lab , " recalls Nori Kasahara , who collaborated with Anderson before moving to UCLA .
Kedes agrees .
" French would take anybody into his lab .
No barrier , no filter . "
He shrugs .
" If he 's guilty of anything , it 's being an appalling judge of character . "
The Andersons on their wedding day in 1961 .
Photo : Courtesy of Kathy AndersonIn 1997 , Anderson 's colleague of four years , a Chinese hematologist named Yi Zhao , confessed she was having trouble with her twin 10 - year - old daughters , Mei and Jiao Lin , neither of whom was adjusting easily to their move from China to the US .
Mei Lin , in particular , was prone to tantrums and so shy that she rarely spoke .
Anderson helped her get an appointment with a speech therapist at Childrens Hospital .
He also began teaching her karate .
Close to neither her parents nor her sunnier , more docile sister , Lin spent long afternoons at the Andersons ' house , playing with the dogs or sparring with French in the Olympic - sized tae kwon do ring in the backyard .
A photo taken in 1998 in the Andersons ' leaf - covered driveway shows a young Lin , in socks and a white karate gi , playfully kicking at Anderson 's head .
That same year , the pair , accompanied by Lin 's mother , traveled to Florida for the national championships , each winning their respective age category .
Despite her success , Lin quit karate soon after the tournament .
Anderson then pushed her to try softball and soccer — social sports that were intended , he explained later , to help her make friends .
He could also be stern .
Anderson 's 1999 Christmas gift to Lin , then 12 years old , consisted of a two - page typed letter on the subject of self - discipline .
" Most of what we do in life we do because we need to do it , not because we want to , " he wrote .
" The saying I adopted when I was 14 and which I have used every time I do not want to do something I should do is : ‘ An educated person is the person who does the thing that needs to be done at the time it needs to be done whether he wants to do it or not . ' "
As Lin grew older , Anderson took an interest in her class schedule and made up paragraphs stuffed with SAT words for Lin to memorize .
( One , titled " Who Is Mei Lin ? , " begins : " Mortified in social situations , admonished by her mother , maligned by teachers , ostracized by classmates , Mei Lin was not a happy 5th grader . " )
At dinners and on long , aimless drives around Pasadena , Anderson would exhort Lin to work hard , praising her abilities and intimating that she could someday carry on his research .
" He told me that he loved me .
That I had his brain , " Lin recalled during the trial .
For a time , the results seemed salutary .
Once too shy to speak , Lin did well in school and got accepted to a Johns Hopkins summer program for gifted students .
She also excelled in soccer , where she began to make friends .
She appeared grateful to Anderson and in a ninth - grade essay on her life wrote : " All through my self - doubts , French was there .
He gently led me to how I am now . "
But in 2003 , not long after her 16th birthday , Lin became moody .
She applied for a summer job with a teen help line but quit soon after starting .
She also had begun to make small cuts on her arms .
At one point , she visited a school counselor and said that an unnamed " family friend " had molested her .
The counselor secretly alerted the police , who showed up unexpectedly at Lin 's house and demanded to speak with her privately .
Lin recanted , saying that it was all a misunderstanding .
But her mother , in a panic , immediately called the family 's most influential friend : French Anderson .
On the phone , Anderson calmed Zhao and counseled against finding Lin a therapist .
Zhao agreed , but the door had been opened .
Lin 's life was beginning to unravel , and Anderson 's soon would too .
__The year 2003 __ was the start of a bad time for Anderson .
Gene therapy had proven to be more dangerous than investigators expected .
In 1999 , 18 - year - old Jesse Gelsinger died just four days into a trial after an experimental treatment provoked a massive immune response .
A 2003 trial to treat immunoadeficiency with gene therapy was halted when four of the 11 subjects developed leukemia .
Soon even Anderson , whose work at USC was supported by a multimillion - dollar agreement with pharmaceutical giant Novartis , was feeling the pinch .
As one of his collaborators , Nori Kasahara , recalls , Anderson 's industry funding " was cut and it was cut and it was cut . "
A couple of years before , Anderson had sought out a longtime friend , investor Robert Monks , and persuaded him to fund a new company , Farmal ( an acronym for French Anderson and Robert Monks at Last ) .
On Anderson 's recommendation , Yi Zhao was hired as director of research , overseeing the development of commercial gene - therapy cures .
Initial experiments proved discouraging , however , and in March 2003 , Monks abruptly pulled out .
Anderson was forced to lay off two - thirds of the lab overnight .
Zhao remained , though at a reduced salary .
In June that year , Anderson sent Lin a rather desperate letter : " Bob Monks is going to sue me because we did not make Farmal profitable quickly enough , " he wrote woefully .
" Charles Spence , the Caltech grad student I tried to befriend by offering him a job , is sueing [ sic ] me ...
And Maria Gordon is sueing me because I would not join her company .
It folded , and she thinks that it would not have failed if I had joined ...
So here are three people who were friends and colleagues , all three of whom I tried my best to help , and all three are sueing me . "
Then , in November , Anderson lost even Lin 's support .
Shortly before Thanksgiving , she wrote Anderson an email confronting him about his abuse .
The following May , after a second counselor alerted police , Lin agreed to help pursue prosecution .
At the investigators ' suggestion , she arranged a meeting with Anderson in front of the library and arrived wearing a wire .
In the wake of the encounter , Anderson wrote a letter to San Marino police chief Arl Farris , whom he knew socially , saying he feared that Lin might be trying to extort him .
" What if Mei says that she will destroy our reputations by telling her school that she was sexually abused by FA unless we give her money ? "
Anderson wrote in a letter cosigned by Kathy .
A few days later , two detectives came to Anderson 's house , ostensibly in response to the note .
One was wearing hidden recording equipment .
Anderson chatted comfortably about his achievements , offering the detectives a copy of his biography and reiterating his connection to Arl Farris .
The officers were polite and for the most part acted as if they were sympathetic .
Three weeks later , a team of policemen descended on the house and arrested Anderson .
There 's no spare office in the courthouse , so I spend three days in a storage closet , surrounded by broken desk chairs and cast - off printers , reading the 6,000 - page transcript of Anderson 's trial .
Horrifying details loom large , like when Lin describes how , when she was about 10 , Anderson rubbed her genitals as she hung from a punching bag in the garage , and later ejaculated against her as she lay on a towel in her underwear .
But I 'm looking for signs of something else : what one of Anderson 's colleagues had described as a " Rashomon effect " about the evidence .
Read sympathetically , the sinister - sounding emails and conversations with Lin could be interpreted simply as emotional exchanges between a high - strung teenager and a devoted but incautious man .
Anderson told police that around Thanksgiving of 2003 , when Lin says she emailed a two - page diatribe detailing his abuse ( a message Kathy Anderson claims was never sent ) , he received a short email that included the provocative sentence : " You sexually abused me . "
But he added that Lin had recanted the accusation in a subsequent email .
" She said , ‘ No , you did n't sexually abuse me , but you did emotionally abuse me , ' " Anderson recalled on the witness stand .
He had no record of either email , he said , because he had deleted them immediately : " I was so embarrassed by it .
Kathy was so embarrassed by it . "
Explaining the accusation , Anderson said that he believed that Lin had " crashed . "
He explained : " You do n't get much sympathy if you mess up your life .
But if you were sexually abused as a child , it 's not your fault . "
In cross-examination , the prosecution asked why Anderson had then continued to contact Lin , at one point pleading to be allowed to watch her play in an upcoming South Pasadena High soccer match .
" I could sit in the stands alone , " Anderson wrote to her , " never approach the field or talk with anyone , and leave right after the game . "
Anderson said that he still hoped to repair the rift between them — the same explanation he gave when asked why he had pretended to enter therapy when Lin insisted that he seek treatment .
Although Anderson dropped out after one session , for two months he continued to send Lin fake reports detailing his therapeutic progress .
The prosecution also presented emails from Lin in which she explicitly confronted Anderson about molesting her .
The most damning read :
Although I tried not to , I must bring up what you did to me .
And I ask : why ?
Do you even admit that you did hurt me totally with your sexual acts upon me ?
Then why did you say that you would n't be able to stand it if you did n't have some sort of hope that I would let you do those things again ?
You know about rape and child molestations , you should know that a person can't erase memories .
I know .
I 've tried to .
Because that message was recovered from the draft folder of Lin 's email program , Kathy had argued that it might never have been sent — and may have been planted to provide evidence of alleged abuse .
But Anderson wrote a reply , which no one denies was sent , clearly following from Lin 's message :
I have thought a great deal about my actions .
Since I could never give myself a satisfactory answer , I finally came to the sad conclusion that there must be a very bad part of me that , now that I have recognized it , has to be permanently suppressed .
When Lin requests an explicit apology , however , Anderson replies with a strange , thinly veiled message .
Concept for a Novel .
Plot : Extortion of a famous biotech scientist either for money or to acquire bioterrorism expertise .
An exchange :
You are correct , and let me explain why .
If we were talking face - to - face I would do it .
But emails are not safe .
They are routinely hacked into ...
And what would someone do with ... an explicit email from a famous person confessing to something terrible ?
Sell it , or extort money for it .
The " confessions " of a world - famous scientist would easily bring $ 100,000 from a tabloid that would publish them on page 1 with lurid headlines and lots of pictures of all parties involved ...
Sleaze reporters would be all over South Pas HS interviewing all your classmates and teammates looking for dirt ; likewise , all over USC ...
If I saw you and your family destroyed , and my whole career down the tubes , and all the thousands of people abandoned who would have been helped by the cures that your mother and I are developing , then I can understand what would drive a person to suicide .
For me , a powerful 9 - mm bullet through the head would be the way to go ...
The Black Talon 9 - mm bullet is said to be able to blow half the brain out the other side of the skull .
Just in case , I have bought the ammunition .
In response , Lin berates Anderson for threatening to commit suicide and he becomes sulky .
" If you think that it was stupid or emotional of me to go out and buy the ammo , okay maybe it was , " he writes petulantly .
" You could n't think any less of me than you already do . "
Since my first visit , Kathy has moved out of the temporary rental to a spacious two - story in a gated community 15 miles farther east , at the foot of the San Gabriel Mountains .
" The back of beyond , " Kathy says , giving me directions over the phone .
When I arrive at her home at the end of a long day sifting through emails in the courthouse closet , I 'm tired and irritable .
We sit in the living room and sip water with Pablo Valencia , a USC colleague who is organizing Friends of French Anderson .
His letter exhorts supporters to remember their " moral duty to help in this struggle , so that an extraordinary human being such as French is not forgotten . "
That day , I can't bring myself to ask Kathy any questions and am afraid to mention my growing doubts about Anderson 's innocence .
Instead , we chat about other things .
As Pablo natters on about a recent trip to China , Kathy sits with her hands in her lap , appearing distracted but elegant .
The image reminds me of a photo in Anderson 's biography , taken a few years after French and Kathy were married .
In the picture , Kathy is perched on the edge of a coffee table .
She is beautiful : slender as a doll , with fine blond hair and gray eyes .
French , seated kitty - corner to her on the sofa , is young and handsome in a dark suit .
Though looking at the camera , he is leaning toward Kathy , resting one hand on his knee with the ease of an athlete : a Harvard standout and track star with ambitious plans to revolutionize medicine .
Now , as the three of us sit awkwardly in the living room , Kathy tells a strange story .
During the move to her new house , the two spaniels escaped and could n't be found for a day .
That night , Kathy recalls , she had a dream in which a friend brought the lost dogs back .
They were dirty , with mud on their paws , and they ran right past her .
" They did n't even notice me , " Kathy says .
" Just went straight to look for their toys , like they had n't even been gone . "
The next day , the dogs were returned exactly as Kathy had imagined it .
It 's a happy ending , and I can't understand why Kathy looks devastated .
Then she turns to me .
" The point is , " she says , " why did n't I foresee what was going to happen to French ? "
Although Kathy is referring to what she sees as Lin 's betrayal , she might also be talking about her own choices .
" It 's not easy being married to a genius , " she once told me bluntly .
" Have you read A Beautiful Mind ?
John Nash .
He was a genius . "
It 's a strange comparison .
Nash , I point out , was schizophrenic .
His wife spent years caring for a husband who was profoundly delusional and unable to function , let alone give in return any love or emotional support .
When I mention this , Kathy looks stunned .
" Yes , " she says finally .
" The parallels are not entirely there . "
But I can't help wondering about the sacrifices that Kathy may have made in deference to what she believed was Anderson 's special brilliance .
I also wonder how she is able to dismiss the emails between Anderson and Lin .
At best , they show an intimacy more suited to dysfunctional lovers than to a 67 - year - old man mentoring a teenage girl .
That day , Kathy repeats her conviction that her husband is innocent .
A short time later , she sends a letter once again urging me to read A Beautiful Mind .
" Only when one understands how different geniuses are can they be understood , " she concludes .
" And how the devotion of those who love them is absolute . "
__On my way back __to the hotel from Kathy's , I drive by the South Pasadena public library , where the confrontation between Lin and Anderson took place .
A pretty , Mission - style building flanked by lawns and leafy camphor trees , it is tranquil and suburban , with couples pushing strollers across the diagonal walkways .
I have to file a special petition to listen to the recording of the confrontation , but I can't shake the need to hear the exchange firsthand .
If , as Kathy claimed , the library encounter was one - sided — an ambush in which Anderson mumbled apologies while a hysterical Lin berated him and yelled — it still seemed possible that the rest of the evidence had been twisted , or even faked .
I also wanted to check Anderson 's assertion that Lin had manipulated the police recording , turning the microphone off when she first began talking with him , and back on only when she had gotten him " into a state . "
I listen to the recording three times .
It begins with Lin in the police van , attaching the wire and talking with the officers .
Afterward , there 's some rustling as she walks the four blocks to the library .
When she arrives , Anderson is waiting .
" Hey , " she says flatly .
Anderson mumbles , then asks if they can go somewhere .
Lin asks why .
" Because I think I 'm going to break down , " he says softly .
For 10 minutes , the conversation unspools , Lin growing irritable when Anderson continues to whisper .
" Goddamn , I can't hear you , " she says crossly at one point .
For the most part , though , there is little to hear but the slow burn of misery .
When Lin asks Anderson why he did it , the exchange proceeds so calmly that in other circumstances it would seem almost serene .
LIN : Why did you do it ?
ANDERSON : I do n't know .
LIN : Why ?
ANDERSON : I do n't know .
I do n't know .
It was the — I 'm — I love you for the rest of my life .
LIN : Well , I hurt , OK ?
And it 's gotten worse .
As I grow older , it 's worse .
I go to sleepovers and we talk , and we 're girls and stuff .
And you know what ?
I can't .
And I can't — I do n't know what to do .
Why did you do it ?
ANDERSON : I do n't know .
LIN : Why did you molest me ?
Why ?
Why me ?
Why the fuck ?
ANDERSON : I do n't know .
I know initially I had this stupid idea that this would help you .
I know it sounds ridiculously stupid , but ...
LIN : What , touching would help me ?
ANDERSON : I know .
LIN : Yeah ?
ANDERSON : I know .
I know .
But that was —
I had this thought that you had low self - esteem and so — and it 's stupid .
It 's — it 's — it 's indefensible ...
I can't explain it .
It 's just — it 's just evil ...
The guilt I feel , I 'm going to have forever .
I 'm going to have it every single day .
There is no evidence of the gap that Anderson referred to , or of the recording picking up midstream .
The last sound is the rustle of the microphone brushing Lin 's jacket as she walks away .
It 's been eight weeks since I sent my first letter , and Anderson has still not replied to my original questions .
I 'm beginning to despair of getting answers when my application to visit Anderson at North Kern State Prison is approved .
On a Sunday morning , I drive the 30 miles from Bakersfield to Delano , a dusty stretch of truck stops and heavily irrigated fields .
When I walk in , Anderson is already seated on the other side of a thick glass window .
We 'll talk through a phone .
After so many months of correspondence , it 's disorienting to see him in person .
White - haired and lean at 70 , his skin is ruddier than I expect , though I notice a slight tremor in his hand as he picks up the receiver .
He 's also surprisingly likable , with a shy smile and an attentive warmth .
Vaguely embarrassed , he admits to begging the warden for a shaving razor in honor of my visit , and even convinced the barber to conduct an unscheduled haircut .
He smiles encouragingly .
" So you see , this is a big event . "
We begin by talking about prison .
Even here , Anderson tells me , he continues to drive himself , sometimes running laps in the exercise yard to the point of exhaustion .
When I ask why he would do something so punishing , Anderson describes a conversation he had with the prison psychologist .
" We spent an hour talking about why I 've been so compulsive all my life , " he begins .
" Well , now I guess I 've got to tell you .
When I was a little boy — 2 , 3 , 4 — my mother always told me that God had a plan for me . "
Now that I 'm actually talking with Anderson , I bring up the questions I still have about his testimony .
But every time I try to pin down an inconsistency , the conversation seems to slip away .
At the library , Lin had asked Anderson whether he was guilty enough to turn himself in .
Anderson had replied that it " would damage too many people . "
Why , I ask , would he have even discussed the matter if all he had done was push Lin to study hard ?
Anderson explains that he was humoring Lin , who was obviously upset .
When I insist that this seems odd — would n't an innocent man be baffled by the demand that he confess ? — he listens patiently and then tells me to imagine having a conversation with a teenage daughter .
" Afterwards , are the parents pleased with all they said ? "
I want to argue that his explanation does n't make sense , but there 's nothing to do except repeat myself .
Each time I do , Anderson offers another earnest but oblique reply .
The progression is maddening : like trying to climb a staircase in an Escher drawing .
Instead , I ask about Lin .
At the trial , Anderson speculated that she might be taking drugs and described himself as the victim of a strange and mysterious attack .
But now , he is forgiving .
" My feeling is that she got into this , possibly out of revenge , and her family pushed it , " he says .
" I think this was a juggernaut that just totally got away from her . "
A prison officer announces a five - minute warning .
Before I leave , I ask Anderson what he wants from this article .
He says that he wants the hundreds of people who supported him to finally hear the facts .
" How else is anybody going to know ? " he asks .
" You 're it . "
I also ask whether there is anything that he'd like me to tell Kathy .
Anderson looks down and quietly begins to cry .
" Tell Kathy that her love means everything , " he says in a whisper .
" As long as she stays with me , I 'll be all right . "
Jennifer Kahn ( jenn_kahn@wiredmag.com ) wrote about advances in athletic training in issue 15.06 .
Gene Therapy Closer to Phase III
Changing Genes or Generations ?
OVERLAND PARK , Kansas ( Reuters ) - A Kansas military cemetery has run out of space after the burial of another casualty of the Iraq war , officials said on Thursday .
“ We are full , ” said Alison Kohler , spokeswoman for the Fort Riley U.S. Army post , home of the 1st Infantry Division .
U.S. Sens. Sam Brownback and Pat Roberts , both Kansas Republicans , on Thursday sent a letter to William Tuerk , the under secretary for memorial affairs at the Department of Veterans Affairs , urging for full funding for a new cemetery for Fort Riley .
“ While a new cemetery would not be completed in time to alleviate this situation immediately , it is vitally important , ” Roberts and Brownback , a Republican presidential candidate , said in their letter .
“ We truly owe our military members a debt of gratitude and the least we can do is provide them with an honorable burial ground , ” the senators wrote .
Since the 2003 beginning of the war in Iraq , Fort Riley has lost 133 soldiers and airmen , though not all are buried in the Fort Riley cemetery .
Sgt Joel Murray , who died September 4 in Iraq , took the last available plot , said Kohler .
Fort Riley can bury bodies on top of other bodies if family members want to share a plot , said Kohler .
A government advisor has suggested that the problem of Brits continuing to smoke themselves to death might be tackled by requiring nicotine addicts to obtain a £ 200 annual licence , the Telegraph reports .
Professor Julian le Grand , a " former advisor to Tony Blair " who is a lecturer in social policy at the London School of Economics and " advises ministers through his chairmanship of Health England " , made his proposal this week as a Department of Health report said that while " smoking prevalence is falling among both males and females " , far too many of us are popping our clogs as a result of coronary disease and other smoking - related ailments .
Accordingly , and since simply raising the price of gaspers has not in the past convinced hardened smokers to quit , le Grand declared that " requiring them to fill in forms , and have photographs taken in order to apply for a permit would prove a more effective deterrent " .
The master plan is to issue an initial yearly fag permit , and once up and running , the scheme could be " extended so smokers had to get a doctor 's signature that their health was not at ' massive risk ' by smoking in order to get a licence " .
The good prof did , however , concede there could be a few obstacles to success .
First up , he admitted " there could be a problem with an emerging black market where those with permits sold them to those without , and that it could create the impression that as long as one is licensed smoking is not harmful " .
Regarding the obligation of doctors to collaborate with the Nanny State™ , le Grand noted this " could prove problematic because of the liability risk if the smoker was signed off and then developed cancer or heart disease as a result of the habit " .
He added : " A doctor 's signature adds to the difficulty of getting a permit and makes people think about the health issues but if requiring a doctor 's signature made it virtually impossible to get a permit , that would get in the way .
" We 'd need to find some sort of cut off point below which doctor 's would sign them off and above which they would not . "
The Telegraph notes that le Grand 's grand plan has already been " lambasted " , although the paper makes no comment on his other proposals : banning food manufacturers from adding salt to products ; an exercise hour for all employees during the working day ; and free fruit in offices - a three - pronged attack designed to combat a nation of fat , fruit - dodging couch potatoes .
In le Grand 's defence , we should add that he told the Telegraph : " There is nothing evil about smoking as long as you are just hurting yourself .
We have to try to help people stop smoking without encroaching on people 's liberties . " ®
Many factors can contribute to traffic congestion , but the most basic explanation is that the number of drivers trying to use the same road is so high that it goes beyond the road 's capacity to handle cars .
2008 HowStuffWorks
Have you ever wondered how many hours you 've spent sitting in bumper - to - bumper traffi­c ?
According to the Texas Transportation Institute ( TTI ) at Texas A&M University , you might spend as much as two weeks in your car each year [ source : Reason Foundation ] .
The 2007 study revealed that in 28 urban areas , including cities like Boston , Detroit , Atlanta , San Francisco , Orlando and Minneapolis - St.
Paul , drivers spent an entire work week sitting in traffic each year . ­
In Los Angeles , the country 's benchmark for traffic congestion , it could be up to nearly two weeks .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Traffic has serious consequences , and not just on your well - being .
The estimated cost of traffic for 2005 was more than $ 78 billion ( in fuel and wasted time ) , and that does n't take into account factors like environmental damage or health co­sts due to pollution [ source : TTI ] .
In fact , Americans bought 2.9 billion extra gallons of gas because of traffic congestion .
The average annual cost to an individual driver was $ 710 [ source : TTI ] .
Many factors can contribute to traffic congestion , but the most basic explanation is that the number of drivers trying to use the same road is so high that it goes beyond the road 's capacity to handle cars .
That 's a pretty simple explanation -- too many cars in ­one place causes traffic .
Unfortunately , the underlying reasons for too many cars in one place at one time are more complicated .
University departments and civil engineers dedicate hundreds of hours and require millions of dollars in funding to understand how traffic congestion forms and what can be done about it .
City planners , civil engineers , environmental advocacy groups , homeowner associations , politicians and the general population can have a significant impact on how we address traffic congestion .
Traffic is a very political and sensitive issue since almost every proposed method of addressing it carries a hefty price tag , raising the question of who pays the bill .
In this article , we 'll learn about traffic congestion on highways and surface streets and the options city and state officials have when approaching traffic management .
We 'll look at ways you can help prevent traffic snarls through your own driving and car - maintenance habits .
And in the last section , we 'll find out which cities are known for the worst traffic .
In the next section , we 'll take a closer look at highway congestion .
When Vancouver advertises itself , the faces on the condominium billboards are young and smiling .
They are carefree , poised to Live !
Work !
Play !
And yet , is there any other Canadian city more ruthless towards its young adult citizens ?
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Talk to Vancouverites in their 30s or younger and you learn why , despite a booming economy , a lot of them doubt they 'll spend their futures here .
Which bodes poorly for the city 's own future .
Young people , of course , tend to rent while taking a city 's measure and working towards , they might hope , owning a home .
In Vancouver , the rental vacancy rate is under one per cent .
Landlords therefore can be very picky , and so a caste system has developed among prospective tenants .
To be young is to occupy a lower rung .
To be young , male and not even in graduate school , the very bottom .
Almost all the new rental housing coming on line is investor - owned condos , and so those rents are in synch with the city 's famously skyrocketing house values .
The result , according to a report in the Georgia Straight newspaper , is a crisis placing hundreds of young Vancouverites at risk of homelessness .
Cruel dinner parties
Nowadays in Vancouver , if like me you are middle aged and own your digs , it can seem cruel to invite younger adults over for dinner , a taunt to those whose incomes are relentlessly outstripped by real estate inflation .
Even worse , you begin to sense that you and your guests are on opposite sides of a firming up political divide .
You are , after all , a member of the generation that is asking the young to endure and solve global warming , but what have you done for them lately , besides pouring fine wines in a heritage home of the sort they can never aspire to have ?
In much the same way that a real estate windfall has made you affluent , the global resource commodities boom has helped British Columbia 's Liberal government run surpluses in the billions of dollars for several years now .
But for the young , the same government has more than doubled university tuition fees since 2001 .
And it 's given its MLAs a fat raise while refusing to up the minimum wage from $ 8 to $ 10 .
To add insult , the Liberals let employers pay a " training wage " of just $ 6 an hour to starting out workers , most of whom , naturally , are young .
' Boomer legacies '
Cost of housing .
Cost of education .
Where to set the minimum wage and whether to invest more in medicare and public transit .
These may seem various vexing " issues " to older people , but the young tend to see them as an interlocking set of " Boomer legacies , " says opinion researcher Angus McAllister .
Politicians ignore at their own peril this way that youth filter politics , he suggests .
If so , Vancouver 's ruling party , the Non-Partisan Association , last year sent an oddly chilling message by eliminating the office of the Child and Youth Advocate , whose official role , for 17 years , had been to champion young people 's rights and needs inside of city hall .
" It was a way for youth to be able to navigate the system .
Losing it was a real blow , " laments Rachel Marcuse , who is 23 and an elected member of the executive of Vancouver 's COPE opposition party .
Up and goers ?
Marcuse liked Montreal a lot while she pursued her sociology degree at McGill .
Montreal was full of students , apartments were easy to land , rent was $ 100 a month less than in Vancouver , public transit was plentiful , and she envied young Quebeckers their inexpensive tuition , far cheaper than what University of British Columbia charges .
Now , after graduating with honors and working with street kids and the Vancouver Fringe Theatre Festival , she is part of a youth movement within her party , one of six out of 11 elected members of the COPE executive who are under 30 .
Marcuse is also co-founder of Vancouver25 , which she describes as " a think tank outside the box " tackling policy issues in the city .
Marcuse is the kind of creative , engaged young person that makes a city buzz and stay relevant .
But she confides what I 've heard from so many other up and comers .
Her home town exacts too high a price for too little in return .
Even she , so heavily invested in the city 's political scene , is not sure how long she can stick it out .
What does it mean that Vancouver , itself only five or six generations old , feels so unwelcoming to its latest generation ?
For one , the brand does n't fit the reality .
The young city about to host the world 's Olympians in the prime of their youth is verging on becoming a preserve of affluent , staid boomers .
Nothing cool about that .
Related
Tyee stories :
Microsoft is starting its long - anticipated drive into the consumer health care market by offering free personal health records on the Web and pursuing a strategy that borrows from the company ’s successful formula in personal computer software .
The move by Microsoft , which is called HealthVault and was announced today in Washington , comes after two years spent building its team , expertise and technology .
In recent months , Microsoft managers have met with many potential partners including hospitals , disease - prevention organizations and health care companies .
The organizations that have signed up for HealthVault projects with Microsoft include the American Heart Association , Johnson & Johnson LifeScan , NewYork - Presbyterian Hospital , the Mayo Clinic and MedStar Health , a network of seven hospitals in the Baltimore - Washington region .
The partner strategy is a page from Microsoft ’s old playbook .
Convincing other companies to build upon its technology , and then helping them do it , was a major reason Windows became the dominant personal computer operating system .
“ The value of what we ’re doing will go up rapidly as we get more partners , ” said Peter Neupert , the vice president in charge of Microsoft ’s health group .
The original site was designed by Mikko Hyppönen and deployed by Henrik Rydberg .
It was later upgraded extensively by Dan Balis .
The current layout was designed by S. Abbas Raza , building upon the earlier look , and coded by Dumky de Wilde .
If you value what we do , please help us to pay our editors very modest salaries for their time and cover our other costs by subscribing above .
The editors of 3 QD put in hundreds of hours of effort each month into finding the daily links and poem as well as putting out the Monday Magazine and doing all the behind - the - scenes work which goes into running the site .
If you would like to make a one time donation in any amount , please do so by clicking the " Pay Now " button below .
You may use any credit or debit card and do NOT need to join Paypal .
Monday , October 29 , 2007
Below the Fold : A World without the Rich
Michael Blim
Can you imagine a world without the rich ?
You might say that the rich we have had as long as we have had the poor .
As the incredulous swell in an old wine commercial said to the ingénue : “ How do you think I got so rich ? ”
Most Americans today accept the rich as they do death and taxes as another one of life ’s annoying basic facts .
It is unusual for Americans to realize that we as a society are responsible for their existence .
We believe what they tell us .
Once again , an old commercial suffices :
As John Houseman , bow - tied , and quintessentially the patrician Harvard law professor he once played put it about his client : “ At Smith Barney , we make money the old fashioned way – we earn it ! ”
( Parenthetically , who among the moneychangers would dare run this ad now ? )
We need not countenance their existence forever .
One need not bring back Stalin to reduce or eliminate the rich .
Scandinavian countries do quite well in minimizing their presence .
And there is little mystery in how to reduce or eliminate the economic power of the rich .
Steeply progressive income taxes , elimination of inherited wealth through estate taxes , and income redistribution along with a robust welfare state can do it .
If Americans examined the deeper damage that the rich do to society , perhaps they might be willing to try cutting the rich down to size .
Let ’s look at how the rich damage American society .
First , they burn up resources .
Andrew Hacker in a recent issue of The New York Review of Books paid tribute to John Kenneth Galbraith ’s The Affluent Society for its scathing critique of the lifestyles of the rich and its condemnation of how they squandered national resources on personal consumption .
These resources , Galbraith argued , could be better put to solving the country ’s social problems .
As noted above , there are remedies that Americans thus far refuse to apply , and they are as obvious as they are ignored .
Second , the rich corrupt the major institutions of American society .
It bears repeating that the rich do n’t get rich or stay rich simply by making better widgets and saving the profits from their corporate endeavors .
They make legislatures dysfunctional , regulatory authorities their watchdogs , and professions their poodles .
They corrupt presidents .
They even corrupt each other , as corporate heads are bribed with board positions and in turn protect the interests of the company that bribed them .
Consider their corruption of several essential marketplaces for goods and services .
What is the recuperative value of a luxury hotel inside a major hospital , complete with chef and concierge services ?
That depends , I suppose , on what is being recuperated .
In the hospital ’s case , they recover money , they claim , and lots of it , when compared to serving those Medicaid - assisted poor and the Medicare - dependent elderly and disabled .
Instead of lamenting low Medicaid and Medicare reimbursements , they are pandering to the rich .
Often it is for more than just money for services rendered .
There are new hospital wings and prestigious care centers and institutes to think about , and who better to hit on but the rich who have just spent a week at the local Plaza Hotel hospital ?
If pampering patients makes them get well , then how can it be denied to others ?
But that is n’t the point of the white glove treatment , is it ?
Even as doctors desert careers in internal medicine owing to perceived lower pay and longer hours , other internists open boutiques , shrink their practices to a quarter of their former sizes , and charge $ 3000 per person annual membership fees ( See my column “ Is There a Doctor in the House ? ” ) .
Every time internists create boutiques , they diminish the number of doctors , already declining , that provide medical care for everyone else .
The rich even corrupt careers like hospital administration .
A recent Boston Globe story disclosed that the presidents of Boston ’s major teaching hospitals make near or over a million dollars each a year ( NB : without bonuses added ) .
The last time I checked , hospitals of this sort were non-profit institutions .
One would think that the boards of these non-profit hospitals would blanch at paying them a million , if only for fear of bad publicity .
Yet , as the boards are composed mostly of very rich people , they by practically class instinct would acknowledge that someone whom they employ with so much responsibility deserves a comparable reward .
This , after all , is their divine right to ungodly compensation too , so the divine right must be defended everywhere , or it will eventually obtain nowhere .
The rich corrupt universities .
Elite schools become elite schools because they service the elite .
If that seems tautological , that ’s because it ’s causal , not casual .
The rich made elite schools with their money , and the payback for their accumulated billions , according to Daniel Golden , Wall Street Journal reporter in his new book The Price of Admission , is legacy admissions for their heirs .
The subtitle of his book could be “ how George Bush got to Yale , ” and perhaps how he managed to actually get “ C ” grades .
( You have heard of the gentleman ’s “ C ” have n’t you ? )
Golden shows how elite schools take in hefty percentages of legacy undergraduates .
He also shows in the case of Duke how the university effectively solicited bribes by admitting rich students with the expectation that endowment money would follow from them and their families .
And we thought we lived in a meritocracy .
Horatio Alger was right : the best way to succeed in business is to marry the boss ’ doctor – or , it seems , play lacrosse at Dartmouth with his son .
But there is a third and perhaps the most insidious way whereby the rich corrupt American society .
They corrupt the nature of society itself by turning their corrupting powers and dubious satisfactions into cultural standards for the rest of America .
The great if largely forgotten social critic Thorstein Veblen in The Theory of the Leisure Class ( 1899 ) made this point precisely and with disarming if utterly cynical simplicity .
Wealth , Veblen argued , was a source of honor , and thus having it created an invidious distinction .
Others emulated the rich to achieve wealth and status .
Seeing this , the rich manifest their dominance through conspicuous consumption , which also has the happy effect of controlling and corrupting American institutions , as I have suggested above in the cases of elite higher education and medical care .
Thus , for instance , philanthropy , though universally considered generous and altruistic , has a predatory component .
It is , as the French sociologist Marcel Mauss would have noted , a gift that demands reciprocation – in this case power – in return .
When Mike Bloomberg gives upwards of a billion dollars to the Johns Hopkins medical colossus , he receives respect in return , and probably influence in the future direction of the institution .
Bill Gates , to take another case , is now one of a handful of the world ’s most influential people directing global world health initiatives .
Warren Buffett has decided that his friend Bill , Gates that is , should use his wealth in Gates - sponsored initiatives too .
All of this is done without a whimper about the loss of democratic control of our priorities , and without a whisper of the impropriety of handing over state and in Gates ’ case global sovereignty to the rich .
The rich also receive sanction for their wealth and the means by which they made it .
Gates ’
Microsoft may have been found by the European Community to have used monopoly power to kill off its competition , but this fact is buried on the financial pages .
His philanthropy is strictly page one .
And the rich actually claim their legitimacy from beyond the grave , a power for which every legacy student at Harvard rejoices .
Everyone remembers that the great Andrew Carnegie , either out of soulful suffering or by virtue of his attachment to the strictures of Scottish Protestantism , gave away his total fortune .
Those beautiful rural town libraries and several foundations are the result .
Few remember how his steel company was responsible for the bloodiest and most lethal counterattack on a union strike in American history .
With money , the rich not only predate the rest of society , but also produce a sanctifying grace that absolves their sins .
Go thou and do likewise , the rich can be heard to say .
Instead of stripping the rich of their predatory and envy - making wealth , several hundred million Americans put their hopes and dreams into a chase after wealth and an orgy of conspicuous consumption .
No more just social order emerges .
No , instead the rich and their divine right are affirmed .
After all , how can you be against wealth and predatory power if you chase it ?
Millions of American lives are wrecked in emulating the rich and pursuing their path .
Millions more may not emulate the rich , but the rich and their wannabees economically and socially run them over anyway in the great chase for wealth and power .
The poor , the working classes , hell , everyone in the bottom four fifths of American society are exploited by the rich at the same time they are upbraided for falling behind .
You ’d have to be a swell not to notice that the rich create a standard of living that only the rich can afford .
Ponder this and this observation of Thorstein Veblen’s :
“ The fact that the usages , actions , and views of the well - to - do leisure class acquire the character of a prescriptive canon of conduct for the rest of society , gives added weight and reach to the conservative influence of that class .
It makes it incumbent upon all reputable people to follow their lead .
So that , by virtue of its high position as the avatar of good form , the wealthier class comes to exert a retarding influence upon social development far in excess of that which the simple numerical strength of the class would assign it .
Its prescriptive example acts to greatly stiffen the resistance of all other classes against any innovation …. ” ( Penguin Books , 1994 , 200 )
Feel stuck ?
Posted by Michael Blim at 12:53 PM | Permalink
GRINNELL , Iowa ( CNN ) --
The college student who was told what question to ask at one of New York Sen .
Hillary Clinton 's campaign events said " voters have the right to know what happened " and she was n't the only one who was planted .
Student Muriel Gallo - Chasanoff said a staffer told her what to ask at a campaign event for Sen. Hillary Clinton .
In an exclusive on - camera interview with CNN , Muriel Gallo - Chasanoff , a 19 - year - old sophomore at Grinnell College in Grinnell , Iowa , said giving anyone specific questions to ask is " dishonest , " and the whole incident has given her a negative outlook on politics .
Gallo - Chasanoff , whose story was first reported in the campus newspaper , said what happened was simple :
She said a senior Clinton staffer asked if she 'd like to ask the senator a question after an energy speech the Democratic presidential hopeful gave in Newton , Iowa , on November 6 .
" I sort of thought about it , and I said ' Yeah , can I ask how her energy plan compares to the other candidates ' energy plans ? ' "
Gallo - Chasanoff said Monday night .
According to Gallo - Chasanoff , the staffer said , " ' I do n't think that 's a good idea , because I do n't know how familiar she is with their plans . ' "
Watch the student speak out about question »
He then opened a binder to a page that , according to Gallo - Chasanoff , had about eight questions on it .
" The top one was planned specifically for a college student , " she added .
" It said ' college student ' in brackets and then the question . "
Topping that sheet of paper was the following : " As a young person , I 'm worried about the long - term effects of global warming .
How does your plan combat climate change ? "
Watch the student ask the planted question »
And while she said she would have rather used her own question , Gallo - Chasanoff said she did n't have a problem asking the campaign 's because she " likes to be agreeable , " adding that since she told the staffer she 'd ask their pre-typed question she " did n't want to go back on my word . "
Clinton campaign spokesman Mo Elleithee said , " This is not acceptable campaign process moving forward .
We 've taken steps to ensure that it never happens again . "
Elleithee said Clinton had " no idea who she was calling on . "
Gallo - Chasanoff was n't so sure .
" I do n't know whether Hillary knew what my question was going to be , but it seemed like she knew to call on me because there were so many people , and ... I was the only college student in that area , " she said .
Watch the full interview »
In a separate statement in response to the campus article , the campaign said , " On this occasion a member of our staff did discuss a possible question about Sen.
Clinton 's energy plan at a forum .
...
This is not standard policy and will not be repeated again . "
Gallo - Chasanoff said she was n't the only person given a question .
" After the event , " she said , " I heard another man ... talking about the question he asked , and he said that the campaign had asked him to ask that question . "
The man she referenced prefaced his question by saying that it probably did n't have anything to do with energy , and then posed the following : " I wonder what you propose to do to create jobs for the middle - class person , such as here in Newton where we lost Maytag . "
A Maytag factory in Newton recently closed , forcing hundreds of people out of their jobs .
During the course of the late - night interview on Grinnell 's campus , Gallo - Chasanoff also said that the day before the school 's newspaper , Scarlet and Black , printed the story , she wanted the reporter to inform the campaign out of courtesy to let them know it would be published .
She said the " head of publicity for the campaign , " a man whose name she could not recall , had no factual disputes with the story .
But , she added , a Clinton intern spoke to her to say the campaign requested she not talk about the story to any more media outlets and that if she did she should inform a staffer .
" I 'm not under any real obligation to do that , and I have n't talked to [ the campaign ] anymore , " Gallo - Chasanoff said , adding that she does n't plan to .
" If what I do is come and just be totally truthful , then that 's all anyone can ask of me , and that 's all I can ask of myself .
So I 'll feel good with what I 've done .
I 'll feel like I 've done the right thing . "
The Clinton campaign 's acknowledgment that it planted a question reinforces a widely held criticism of the senator -- that she is not entirely honest , said Bill Schneider , CNN 's senior political analyst .
" It 's the same criticism often made of her husband , " Schneider said .
" Most Americans never felt Bill Clinton was honest and trustworthy , even when he got elected in 1992 -- with only 43 percent of the vote .
His critics called him ' Slick Willy . ' ...
Will her critics start referring to the New York senator as ' Slick Hillary ? ' "
Asked if this experience makes her less likely to support Clinton 's presidential bid , Gallo - Chasanoff , an undecided voter , said , " I think she has a lot to offer , but I -- this experience makes me look at her campaign a little bit differently . "
" The question and answer sessions -- especially in Iowa -- are really important .
That 's where the voters get to ... have like a real genuine conversation with this politician who could be representing them . "
While she acknowledged " it 's possible that all campaigns do these kind of tactics , " she said that does n't make it right .
" Personally I want to know that I have someone who 's honest representing me . "
A second person has a story similar to Gallo - Chasanoff's .
Geoffrey Mitchell of Hamilton , Illinois , on the Iowa border , said the Clinton campaign wanted him to ask a certain question at an Iowa event in April .
" He asked me if I would ask Sen . Clinton about ways she was going to confront the president on the war in Iraq , specifically war funding , " said Geoffrey Mitchell , a supporter of Sen. Barack Obama , D - Illinois .
" I told him it was not a question I felt comfortable with . "
No questions were taken at the event .
Elleithee said this incident was different from what happened with Gallo - Chasanoff in Newton .
Elleithee said the staffer " bumped into someone he marginally knew " and during a conversation with Mitchell , " Iraq came up . "
Elleithee denied the campaign tried to plant him as a friendly questioner in the audience .
Mitchell said he had never met the staffer before the event .
Former presidential adviser David Gergen said the front - runner 's campaign could take a hit from the incident .
" When a campaign plants a question , it 's a pretty minor infraction of the rules -- like a parking ticket , " Gergen said .
" The problem here is it feeds a damaging perception of Hillary Clinton that she can't quite be trusted . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Iowa • Hillary Clinton
GOT some public speaking to do ?
Here is a tip to keep stress at bay : have sex beforehand .
But make sure it ’s penetrative sex – the magic vanishes if you pursue other forms of sexual gratification .
Stuart Brody , a psychologist at the University of Paisley , UK , compared the impact of different sexual activities on blood pressure when a person later experiences acute stress .
For a fortnight , 24 women and 22 men kept diaries of how often they engaged in penile - vaginal intercourse ( PVI ) , masturbation or partnered sexual activity excluding intercourse .
After , the volunteers underwent a stress test involving public speaking and mental …
To provide Internet access for users in the SAS Institute Europe , Middle East and Africa ( EMEA ) , a number of proxy servers have been installed both at the country office level and centrally at SAS European Headquarters in Heidelberg , Germany .
These servers run the Squid proxy server software ; this software is available under the GNU general public license .
In brief , Squid provides for caching and / or forwarding requests for internet objects such as the data available via HTTP , FTP and gopher protocols .
Web browsers can then use the local Squid cache server as a proxy HTTP server , reducing access time as well as bandwidth consumption .
Squid keeps these objects in RAM or on local disk .
Squid servers can be installed in hierarchies to allow central servers to build large caches of data available for servers lower in the hierarchy .
Squid has been in use for some time around SAS EMEA and is performing very well ; the software is extremely stable and is delivering seamless access to the Internet for connected clients .
The original proxy servers were installed on HP workstations running release 10.20 of HPUX and Squid version 2.1 .
This was run on a mix of hardware but typically HP9000 / 720 workstations with 64MB of memory and about 4GB of disk .
This configuration is difficult to support ; the hardware has reached an age where failures are becoming common and the increased use of the Internet coupled with growth in the offices has left the configuration under - powered .
Our main problem of late has been disk space management ; the increased access patterns have left our existing log areas looking undersized at 100MB and our actual cache directories are looking rather small at 2GB .
As a result , we began researching some alternatives in order to maintain the service .
Since we were happy with the Squid software itself , and we already had a good understanding of the configurations , we decided to continue using Squid but to review the hardware base .
Since Squid is an open - source project and well supported under Linux , it seemed a good idea to explore the possibility of using a Linux - based solution using a standard SAS EMEA Intel PC .
This configuration is a Dell desktop PC with 256MB of RAM , 500MHz Intel Pentium and internal 20 GB IDE disk .
As Dell has a relationship with Red Hat , it made sense to their distribution .
Also , SAS has recently released versions of the SAS product in partnership with Red Hat .
Architecture
The original architecture in SAS EMEA used three central parent Squid caches with direct access to the Internet and child Squid servers in many of the country offices .
Some of the smaller countries ' operations still connect to the central headquarter caches , and we felt that using less expensive hardware would give us the opportunity to install proxies in these offices .
Further , in many of the country operations the SAS presence is split among several offices connected via WAN links ; again the less expensive hardware gives us the opportunity to install proxies in these offices .
These deployments should improve the response times for web traffic and hopefully reduce the overhead on our WAN links .
Finally , we had some reservations about the resilience and availability of the original infrastructure , and we felt that with revised client and server configurations we could improve the service level of our internal customers .
Our new architecture is not much altered in principle ; we still have three central servers , but they now run Linux .
We are deploying more child proxies , and we require a three - level hierarchy in some offices .
For example , some countries have satellite offices that only connect to the SAS Intranet via a single WAN link to the country headquarters ; in these cases we will install proxies at the satellite office with a preferred parent cache in the country headquarters rather than European headquarters .
A new addition to our architecture has been the Trend Interscan Virus Wall product for HTTP virus - scanning .
We have installed three virus scanning systems also running Red Hat Linux ; these systems are positioned behind the current Squid parent caches , providing a virus - scanning layer between the Squid cache hierarchy and the external Internet .
Since the virus scanners are simply pass - through in nature , we simply configure our top - level Squid servers to “ round - robin ” between them .
Installation
The original HP - UX servers were installed by duplicating a disk image from a known configuration .
This was a totally unsatisfactory method for several reasons , not the least of which was that it was difficult to make provisions for maintenance of this image for patches or version updates for Squid , etc .
Our goal was a scripted and automated installation that could be performed quickly by local office staff .
We have been pleased with the implementation of this concept , and it has some useful benefits with regard to recovery and configuration management ( see below ) .
We produced a KickStart configuration to build machines for us .
KickStart is a tool from Red Hat to automate system installations .
Basically we can tell the install how to partition a disk , which packages ( RPMs ) to install and include some local configuration steps via shell commands .
Our KickStart configuration is placed on a floppy disk along with normal Linux boot utilities , and we instruct the KickStart to perform installation from a CD .
This means that for a new proxy server we can arrange shipment of a PC that looks similar to our expected hardware configuration and ship a CD and floppy disk for the remote office to complete the configuration .
The installation process has been automated with three exceptions : users will be prompted for the hostname , IP information and the keyboard type ( some of our offices use different keyboards for the local language ) .
The KickStart hard - codes all other choices ; for example the installation language is always English , the choice of packages are always the same and the disk always partitions in the same way .
The basic installation from placing the disk in the drive until the reboot with a freshly installed OS takes under ten minutes .
This is much quicker than we could do and a huge decrease in the time it would take to perform a HP - UX installation .
This obviously has some implications for our backup and recovery procedures ( see below ) .
Configuration Maintenance
We have the usual problems with running our systems : configuration files need updating , software needs upgrading , log files need rotating and processes need monitoring .
In the past a seriously inconsistent set of shell scripts and cron jobs had been used , or more normally , configurations had been allowed to diverge .
We had replaced some of these with rdist jobs but this was not wholly adequate , so we looked around for another tool .
The best tool seemed to be cfengine .
This allows us to build a common definition of tools and configuration at a central location and then distribute it to all our servers .
Implementing cfengine has been highly successful , although it does require some careful planning of the configuration structure and a fairly careful reading of the documentation .
Some of the files we distribute are completely standard , and we can simply have cfengine send them “ as is ” to the target system .
However , some are based on a common template and need alterations for each system .
A good example of this would be the main Squid configuration file .
In this case we ship a template via cfengine and a small script that knows how to make the transformation .
We use the feature in cfengine that allows commands to be run after the receipt of a file so this shell script is run and then Squid is signalled to re-read the configuration file .
This way we can keep a centrally controlled and coordinated configuration and know with certainty the status of a remote system .
In turn , our cfengine configuration is built on a local NIS map we maintain ; this NIS map simply indexes host names against capabilities .
For example , the keyword SQUID - CHILD is used to flag that a machine is a second - level proxy as opposed to SQUID - MASTER .
This NIS map is processed to produce classes for use in cfengine ; the end result of this is that configuration information is stored centrally , not on each server .
More problematic for us has been maintenance of the installed software .
We are running a system largely built around Red Hat 6.2 but since installing some of the proxies , Red Hat released updates that we required .
Typically security issues are a priority .
We also have some locally derived RPMs , and use a later version of Squid with some options Red Hat does not include , and we use a locally built version of the gated routing dæmon that includes support for some additional routing protocols .
Finally , we have some RPMs that were never in the Red Hat distribution .
The obvious step to take was to build an FTP server for updates .
We have used the built - in FTP server on a Network Appliance Filer that also contains our distributions from Red Hat .
We have an FTP mirror job that pulls the latest updates from a Red Hat mirror site .
Our FTP server also has a tree for our local RRMs .
It 's taken some time to get the process of updating RPMs correct and we 're still not totally happy .
The best tool we have currently is autorpm .
This is configured to look at our FTP server and automatically install Red Hat updates , ignoring those RPMs we did n't install to start with , and to install or update all RPMs inside our local tree .
Our problem here is that autorpm cannot deal with some circular dependencies contained in some RPMs .
It 's easy to manually resolve this , but we would prefer to automate this process .
This seems less the fault of autorpm and more a problem with the actual RPMs .
Back to Installation
This problem with the RPMs has also had an impact on our installation procedures .
We were very happy with the installation time being under ten minutes , and it only took a few minutes to apply our old rdist updates for files .
Now though , it was taking over ten minutes to apply the RPM updates on some sites and it was a manual process requiring logging in to the system to complete .
This was pretty critical for the Squid software where our Squid configuration file requires the newer version of Squid .
We also had an issue with the install itself now ; there was no way that an install could complete locally without this intervention from us if we had updated some of the software .
This was a fairly important issue for us .
There are occasions when some type of failure is experienced at a remote office and , we are not available .
In these situations we would like to remotely access the office to simply reinstall their proxy server , possibly on new hardware .
This only works if we do not need to intervene in the process .
As a result , we went back and reconsidered one of the initial assumptions — we'd said that we would ship only standard Red Hat CDs and use KickStart , cfengine and autorpm to customize them .
We now decided to produce our own Linux distribution largely based on the Red Hat distribution , but including our new and updated RPMs and some configuration files .
The idea now was that the initial install would produce a working proxy and then our scheduled , automated jobs would come along later and tidy up any small problems .
Producing our own distribution has been pretty successful ; we can produce our distribution from a new Red Hat release in about one to two days .
We take the basic Red Hat distribution and remove many of the RPMs from the tree .
This is not a very scientific process : we do not remove every RPM , only the ones taking up the most space .
We then add our own RPMs to the tree , modify the various control structures in the tree and cut a CD .
Since our new media contains cfengine and autorpm , we can configure the post - install steps of the KickStart process to run these processes on the first boot after install .
This should bring our new machine quickly up to date with our current configuration .
However , when we moved to Red Hat 6.2 we hit an interesting issue with KickStart : the new version does not necessarily prompt the user for IP addresses and other network information when they are not present in the KickStart file during an install from CD - ROM .
A careful reading of the slightly updated documentation suggests this was deliberate on the part of Red Hat , but was a major headache for us .
Ultimately , we rewrote the section of code in the Anaconda installer to restore the original behavior .
Backup and Recovery
We looked at the various backup and recovery options and decided to use the simplest backup procedure available ; namely we do not back up the machines .
When we looked at the proxies it was apparent that only the log data and the cache structures were unique to any machine .
The log data is periodically copied to a central location for analysis and the cache , while valuable , can be cleared and rebuilt over time .
The Linux proxies we have deployed so far have had no major service interruptions or hardware problems , but if we do have problems , we propose to reinstall the remote system .
In the case of hardware failure , we expect most remote offices will be able to find a spare PC and repeat the installation .
As a result , not only are we not taking backups , but we do not need to make any provision for resilient hardware or technologies for mirroring , etc .
In fact , using specialized hardware would reduce our availability and resilience since we would not have spare hardware at the remote office to make a replacement , whereas we have many standard desktop PCs of a sufficiently similar configuration that our KickStart procedure will work on them .
We expect that in the event of a failure the remote office can recover the service in around 20 minutes , given that a PC is available .
We have made some effort with the client browser configuration to make this transparent to the desktop user .
This gives us a highly available solution .
Client Considerations
The old proxy configuration relied on the clients being configured to use a named proxy server explicitly .
For the sites where more than one proxy server was available , the hostname used for the proxy server was in a domain managed by lbnamed .
The version in use had been modified slightly but was still unsuitable for our use .
lbnamed used rpc.rstatd to get loading information from machines in a pool , and then depending on the weighting , lbnamed will return different hosts , thus creating some limited load balancing .
In practice this does not distribute effectively although it has the useful feature that if a machine is unreachable it will be removed from the pool .
Unfortunately , this useful feature is undermined by the fact that only load is used ( in the basic Perl version ) to weight hosts .
If our Squid server dæmon dies the load on the machine tends to to be reduced , which can leave a machine where a failure has occurred at the top of the pool .
There is an implementation in C that can look at other factors apart from load but some experimentation with this was not fruitful .
Our overall impression was that , as previously installed , this was more successful than a standard DNS round - robin would have been .
Our testing was performed against our three new Linux proxy servers , and one factor we noted was that response time could be improved if we sent the HTTP query to the machine most likely to have the object in cache ; of course this seems a fairly obvious but not immediately useful observation .
In fact , the idea of intelligently selecting the cache to query is a fairly simple thing to achieve using the Proxy Auto Configuration ( PAC ) file feature supported by most mainstream browsers .
This basically entails having a web server somewhere that can return a proxy PAC script .
Our task was made doubly easy because someone had already produced some sample code for PAC files that balanced queries across several servers .
We took as our base the work done at Sharp on a “ Super Proxy Script ” using URL hashing .
This is a simple but ingenious idea that hashes the URL being requested and then returns a proxy to use .
This is statistically random in terms of load distribution over large numbers of URLs , but repeated queries for the same URL will always return the same proxy .
We also make use of the ability in the PAC script to return an array of proxy servers ; the effect is that if the first named proxy fails then queries by the client are routed seamlessly to the next proxy in the list .
At the headquarter sites , we return arrays based on two or three proxy servers depending on the campus location .
For sites where only a single proxy is available , we do not use URL hashing and only return a pair of proxies , namely the local proxy server and a central server for fallback .
The use of this central fallback for remote users is the feature that gives us the most resilience .
Should a remote proxy fail the remote clients for that proxy will detect the failure and use the central host , the clients will check every 30 minutes ( MSIE and Netscape ) to determine if the original server is active and return to using it if it is .
In fact , since we have some clients using Microsoft Internet Explorer version 5.0 , we name the proxy.pac script as wpad.dat .
This allows “ unconfigured ” IE5 clients to locate the wpad.dat file automatically using the WPAD method of searching for a URL of the form http://wpad.local.domain/wpad.dat.The use of WPAD is not particularly critical to us but it is a useful feature .
Reviewing the logs during implementation suggests that we may be saving our help desk some calls from mobile users who would otherwise have required help setting their proxy manually when visiting other offices .
Currently we use Apache web servers to return the PAC scripts , and the Apache runs either on the local proxy host or another locally available web server .
It is possible that using one of the stripped - down web servers , for example , several are implemented in Perl , may be more secure and represent less overhead .
We have not explored this approach yet .
Our WPAD servers currently have multiple address records in DNS so in the event of a single WPAD server failing , we have some resilience .
For sites with only a single WPAD server , we rely on new client sessions using previously cached settings .
There is a small flaw in this approach where remote sites have multiple proxies : the URL hashing carefully selects which local proxy to use but then the proxy simply round - robins the query over the three central systems .
We could use some of the facility of Squid to exchange cache digests so the local proxy would forward requests to the central server most likely to generate a hit , but in practice the cost in bandwidth on the WAN links makes this ineffective .
Instead we let the round - robin query any central server and then have the central servers use cache digest exchange to generate a hit if possible .
Upgrades
We anticipate that we will want to keep our proxy servers up to date with a reasonably current Red Hat version .
While we will rely on cfengine and autorpm to make the small alterations in configuration , we do not expect that upgrading the entire OS over the network is really feasible for us .
So , instead , we intend to ship our fresh installation to the remote office and have them carry out a new install if we want to upgrade .
We expect this will occur about three or four times a year possibly .
Because we have such a clean installation process and tight control over configurations , there 's little penalty for making such frequent upgrades .
Since the remote office would retain the previous media , regression to an earlier version should also be fairly straightforward .
We are very eager to take these frequent updates as we experience many problems on the HP - UX proxies directly related to lack of software and patch updates .
For example , we see HP - UX problems occur for which patches are available , and have an old version of Squid and many tools we try to run since old versions of Perl are available .
An upgrade can be done during a normal business day for a remote office , and for the ten or 20 minutes downtime the clients will simply fall back to the central standby servers , or for sites with multiple servers , they use their own local fall back servers .
The scheme means the restaurants will send no waste to landfill
Eleven restaurants in South Yorkshire will take part in the scheme , which starts on Wednesday .
Refuse will be turned into electricity and heating for 130 buildings in the county , including the Lyceum theatre and Weston Park Hospital in Sheffield .
McDonald 's said the scheme would save each restaurant from sending 100 tonnes of waste to landfill each year .
It will be rolled out across the UK if successful .
Solar panels
Refuse from the restaurants will be collected , treated at a state - of - the - art energy recovery facility and converted into electricity and heat .
Other buildings to benefit from the new recycled energy include Ponds Forge International Sports Centre , Park Hill flats , Millennium Galleries and Sheffield City Hall .
McDonald 's said it was difficult to recycle waste
The 11 restaurants , in Sheffield , Rotherham and Barnsley , will also trial a range of environmentally friendly technologies and processes , including solar panels , wind power , energy - efficient lighting and a recycling scheme for cardboard .
Steve Easterbrook , president and chief executive officer of McDonald 's UK , said : " At the moment , it is difficult for companies like McDonald 's to recycle waste .
" Many recycling contractors refuse to take our waste because we cannot remove food from it completely .
As a result , we have to send it to landfill . "
The Carbon Trust is working with McDonald 's to evaluate the success of the project .
WASHINGTON , Oct. 24  Representative Jason Altmire , a Pennsylvania Democrat , says he was just trying to help the small technology companies blossoming in his district , just north of Pittsburgh .
So when two of his constituents argued that small businesses should be able to qualify for federal research grants without being penalized for accepting venture capital money , he agreed to introduce legislation that would help them .
His bill , the Small Business Expansion Act of 2007 , sailed through the Small Business Committee and then the full House of Representatives on a 325 - to - 73 vote last month .
But the House adopted an important change as the measure came up for a vote  it specified that a small business could not give up an ownership stake of “ 50 percent or more ” to a venture capital firm .
The amendment was meant to satisfy critics , among them officials of the Small Business Administration who argued that allowing venture capitalists to pour unlimited amounts of money into these fledgling businesses would fundamentally alter the concept of a small  and independent  business .
There was a power outage affecting downtown San Francisco today , which also caused an outage at SomaFM 's primary datacenter , 365 Main .
Note that we 've been there for about 2 years now , and this is the first power outage that 's affected us .
They had another outage right before we moved in , due to a faulty fire alarm which cut power to most of the building .
Now , a " world class datacenter " is supposed to have all sorts of redundant systems in place .
And they did .
But a slightly unusual series of events proved that even with all that redundancy , things can go very wrong .
Here 's what really went down at 365 main as far as I can tell :
365 Main , like most facilities built by Above . net back in the day , does n't have a battery backup UPS .
Instead , they have a " CPS " , or continuious power system .
What they are is very very large flywheels that sit between electric motors and generators .
So the power from PG&E never directly touches 365 main .
PGE power drives the motors which turn the flywheels which then turn the generators ( or alternators , I do n't remember the exact details ) which in turn power the facility .
There are 10 of these on their roof ( or as they call it , the mezzanine ; it 's basically a covered roof ) .
These CPS units isolate the facility from power surges , brownouts and blackouts .
The flywheels ( the CPS system ) can run the generator at full load for up to 60 seconds according to the specs .
There are also 10 large diesel engines up on the roof as well , connected to these CPS units .
If the power is out for more than 15 seconds ( as I recall , I could be wrong on the exact time ) , the generators start up , and clutch in and drive the flywheels .
There is a large fuel storage tank in the basement , and the fuel is pumped up to the roof .
There are smaller fuel tanks on the roof as well , with enough capacity to run all the generators until the fuel starts getting pumped up to the roof .
Here 's what I suspect happened :
It was reported there were several brief outages in a row before the power went out for good , so I bet the CPS ( flywheel ) systems were n't fully back up to speed when the next sequential outage occurred .
Since several of these grid power interruption happened in a row , and were shorter than the time required to trigger generator startup , the generators were not automatically started , BUT the CPS did n't have time to get back up to full capacity .
By the 6th power glitch , there was n't enough energy stored in the flywheels to keep the system going long enough for the diesel generators to start up and come to speed before switching over .
Why they just did n't manually switch on the generators at that point is beyond me .
( I bet they will next time ! )
So they had a brief power outage .
By our logs , it looks like it was at the most 2 minutes , but probably closer to 20 seconds or so .
So it looks like the diesels did cut over , but not before the CPS was exhausted in some cases .
The whole facility did not lose power I 'm told , just most of it .
Here 's the letter their noc sent to customers about this :
This afternoon a power outage in San Francisco affected the 365 Main St. data center .
In the process of 6 cascading outages , one of the outages was not protected and reset systems in many of the colo facilities of that building .
This resulted in the following : - Some of our routers were momentarily down , causing network issues .
These were resolved within minutes .
Network issues would have been noticed in our San Francisco , San Jose , and Oakland facilities .
- DNS servers lost power and did not properly come back up .
This has been resolved after about an hour of downtime and may have caused issues for many GNi customers that would appear as network issues - Blades in the BC environment were reset as a result of the power loss .
While all boxes seem to be back up we are investigating issues as they come in - One of our SAN systems may have been affected .
This is being checked on right now If you have been experiencing network or DNS issues , please test your connections again .
Note that blades in the DVB environment were not affected .
We apologize for this inconvenience .
Once the current issues at hand are resolved , we will be investigating why the redundancy in our colocation power did not work as it should have , and we will be producing a postmortem report .
Lots of companies were affected .
There was a huge line to get into the data center .
It was definitely the most people I 've ever seen there !
Labels : 365 main , infrastructure , streaming
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
An ad criticizing the top U.S. general in Iraq raised charges on Thursday that The New York Times slashed its advertising rates for political reasons -- an accusation denied by the paper .
U.S. Army General David Petraeus , the top commander of U.S. forces in Iraq , speaks to reporters during a news conference on his report of progress in Iraq , in Washington September 12 , 2007 .
An ad criticizing the top U.S. general in Iraq raised charges on Thursday that The New York Times slashed its advertising rates for political reasons -- an accusation denied by the paper .
REUTERS / Molly Riley
The ad by liberal anti-war group moveon.org ran on Monday , the day of Gen.
David Petraeus ’s testimony to Congress about the war and how long U.S. forces will stay in Iraq .
Moveon.org confirmed it paid $ 65,000 for the full page ad headlined “ General Petraeus or General Betray Us . ”
The New York Post ran a story on Thursday asking why the basic rate of $ 181,692 for such an ad was discounted .
“ Times Gives Lefties a Hefty Discount for ‘ Betray Us ’ Ad , ” was the headline in the Post , owned by Rupert Murdoch ’s News Corp . .
Times spokeswoman Catherine Mathis denied the rate charged indicated a political bias and said it was the paper ’s policy not to disclose the rate paid by any advertiser .
“ We do not distinguish the advertising rates based on the political content of the ad , ” Mathis told Reuters .
“ The advertising folks did not see the content of the ad before the rate was quoted , ” she said , adding that there were over 30 different categories of ads with varying rates .
Mathis confirmed the open rate for an ad of that size and type was around $ 181,000 .
Among reasons for lower rates are advertisers buying in bulk or taking a standby rate , she said .
“ There are many instances when we have published opinion advertisements that run counter to the stance we take on our own editorial pages , ” she said .
‘ COOKING THE BOOKS ’
The ad in the main news section of the Times accused Petraeus of “ cooking the books for the White House . ”
Rudy Giuliani , a leading candidate for the Republican presidential nomination , criticized the Times over the ad which he called a “ character assassination ” of Petraeus .
“ ( I ) call upon The New York Times to give us the same rate , the heavily discounted rate they gave moveon.org for that abominable ad , ” the former New York mayor told reporters in Atlanta , adding he would be seeking to place an ad on Friday .
The ad angered Republicans , including Rep. Duncan Hunter of California , a presidential candidate who brought it to the Petraeus hearing on Monday and waved the ad in the air , telling lawmakers he was “ irritated ” by it .
Jeff Jarvis , a journalism professor who blogs on media at buzzmachine.com , said the key question for the Times was could any other political or advocacy group get the same rate under the same circumstances .
“ The quandary the Times gets stuck in is they do n’t want to admit you can buy an ad for that rate , no matter who you are , ” Jarvis said , noting that with print advertising revenues in decline newspapers generally did offer big discounts .
On a more general note , Jarvis said U.S. papers should emulate their counterparts in Britain where , for example , The Guardian makes no effort to hide its liberal stance .
“ In the U.S. , I would argue newspapers should be more transparent and open about the views taken ... and the ( New York ) Times is liberal , ” he said .
September 28 , 2018 ( London )
Affiliate Summit has undergone a sympathetic update of its corporate identity which , according to VP Hannah Wharrier , will help it to build on its sector leading credentials and engage with an even bigger audience of professional stakeholder groups active in every corner of the world .
The new identity , which will be launched at Affiliate Summit APAC is the first time the brand has benefitted from such a strategic design review since it was launched by Shawn Collins and Missy Ward , some 15 years ago .
“ There ’s no doubt that Affiliate Summit is the performance marketing industry ’s number one event brand ” stated Hannah Wharrier .
“ However it ’s also true , that no brand can afford to stand still , particularly in such a fast moving , technology - driven sector .
As custodians of the brand our overarching objective is to build on the fantastic foundations and to grow its influence in new geographical sectors .
Having consulted with the market courtesy of a programme of attitudinal research as well as formal and informal focus groups , we believe the new identity will help us to engage with new audiences and cement Affiliate Summit ’s position in the market for the next 15 - years and beyond . ”
Lisa Hammond , Group Marketing Director from Awin , who participated in the Brand Renewal Focus Group , said : “ Clearly the original look and feel of the Affiliate Summit identity has served the industry well .
But as modern marketers it ’s important that we keep an open mind which means accepting that there are no sacred cows .
Brand Identity is visual language and I believe this more contemporary design sits comfortably with the culture of the industry and the use of colour will enable the brand to present a joined - up and coherent international portfolio of Affiliate Summit events wherever they are located in the world . ”
The new logo features a contemporary extended Futura Book typeface with stylised A’s to reflect a summit or peak .
The visual strap line is a reference to the latitude and longitude coordinates of Baruch College in New York , the venue which hosted the first edition of Affiliate Summit in 2003
*** ENDS ***
For more information , please contact :
Affiliate Summit
Phil Brown
+ 44 ( 0 ) 20 7384 8120
philbrown@affiliatesummit.com
Meroko Overview
Daniel Seagraves wrote an microcode emulator in C for the Explorer I ( E1 ) cpu .
It current boots all the way to lisp .
I made some changes to it to run with X11 and SDL , which makes it easier to run on most linux boxes .
Meroko is pretty fast and is reasonably stable .
Bjorn and Daniel are working getting the networking going .
you run the current meroko with the disk images and hit " D " you should see a lisp herald .
A large amount of E1 documentation on bitsavers.org
Downloads :
Wiki - Presentations
You are encouraged to add links to presentation slides here .
Full presentations :
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday - Lightning Talks
Thursday - Main Talks
Last modified : 01/12/07 17:58 by Sébastien Aperghis - Tramoni ( ‎maddingue‎ )
Home | Edit this page | Tags | Recent changes | History
It ’s looking more and more like Pat Tillman was murdered — executed if you will .
The incredible revelations were revealed in a new AP story that does n’t draw any conclusions , but whose fresh details paint a picture of an Army - wide cover - up and an execution - style assassination .
From Yahoo
Army medical examiners were suspicious about the close proximity of the three bullet holes in Pat Tillman ’s forehead and tried without success to get authorities to investigate whether the former NFL player ’s death amounted to a crime , according to documents obtained by The Associated Press .
“ The medical evidence did not match up with the , with the scenario as described , ” a doctor who examined Tillman ’s body after he was killed on the battlefield in Afghanistan in 2004 told investigators .
The doctors — whose names were blacked out — said that the bullet holes were so close together that it appeared the Army Ranger was cut down by an M - 16 fired from a mere 10 yards or so away .
10 yards away ?
How do you fuck up so badly that you manage to put 3 bullets — in a tight grouping — in the head of a fellow Ranger ?
It does n’t seem very likely , especially when there was zero evidence of enemy fire .
That means that they were not in the fog of war and the confusion that follows from it .
It ’s also worth noting that the Tillman story has changed several times .
First , he was killed by enemy fire .
Then he was killed by friendly - fire .
Now it seems the “ friendly ” might have been aiming right at him .
Who would want Tillman dead , and why ?
Prison Planet has some theories :
The evidence points directly to it and the motivation is clear – Tillman abandoned a lucrative career in pro-football immediately after 9/11 because he felt a rampaging patriotic urge to defend his country , and became a poster child for the war on terror as a result .
But when he discovered that the invasion of Iraq was based on a mountain of lies and deceit and had nothing to do with defending America , he became infuriated and was ready to return home to become an anti-war hero .
As far back as March 2003 , immediately after the invasion , Tillman famously told his comrade Spc. Russell Baer , “ You know , this war is so fucking illegal , ” and urged his entire platoon to vote against Bush in the 2004 election .
Far from the gung - ho gruff stereotype attributed to him , Tillman was actually a fiercely intellectual man with the courage of his convictions firmly in place .
Tillman had even begun to arrange meetings with anti-war icons like Noam Chomsky upon his return to America before his death cut short any aspirations of becoming a focal point for anti-war sentiment .
This is the last thing the Bush / Cheney administration needed .
Could they have possibly given the order to assassinate Tillman and then cover it up ?
Former presidential candidate Wesley Clark said he thought the orders to whack Tillman must ’ve come from the very top .
Tillman could ’ve become an anti-war voice much more resonant among men and conservatives than Cindy Sheehan .
He represented a threat precisely because of his service , his life story and his fierce , questioning intelligence .
The latest ( and most pathetic ) propaganda seems designed to paint Pat as an atheist to undermine America ’s trust in him :
But the latest documents give a different account from a chaplain who debriefed the entire unit days after Tillman was killed .
The chaplain said that O’Neal told him he was hugging the ground at Tillman ’s side , “ crying out to God , help us .
And Tillman says to him , ` Would you shut your ( expletive ) mouth ?
God ’s not going to help you ; you need to do something for yourself , you sniveling … ”
If there was no enemy fire , why were they on the ground ?
How do we know this account was n’t completely fabricated ?
I think Congress needs to talk to the doctors and investigators who attempted to pursue the homicide angle , but were stymied .
How come all of these anti-war people tend to die mysteriously ?
QR Code Link to This Post
I knew you would be coming back from the pub , as I saw you go out with your friends .
I just wanted to see you again , but closer and more personal than my binoculars will let me .
You are absolutely stunning and seem like a wonderful person .
Oh , do n't let anyone tell you different , picking up your underwear with your toes and putting them in your hamper IS a skill .
And I think it is cowgirl cute the way you wave your bra around like a lasso when you dance .
I am sorry I could n't stay longer , but there was that moment , it was ever so brief , when our eyes met , it means so much to me and I hope it does for you too .
But it was the combination of your high pitched scream of joy and the siren about 5 minutes later that made me leave .
I thought the siren was from a fire truck and I would hate to be stuck in a tree that gets caught on fire .
Now it seems that your blinds are always closed , what happened ?
Are you sad and just need some darkness in your apartment ?
Why not let the stars shine in , I sure would like to see you again .
Kisses
By COLIN FERNANDEZ
Last updated at 10:42 29 August 2007
A man of 81 charged with assaulting two burly policemen has spoken of his distress at being forced into a 13 - month ordeal to clear his name .
Frank Gibson , a former mayor , was driving home from church on Christmas Eve last year when he was stopped by the officers and told to get out of his car .
The frail pensioner , who was barely able to walk as he was recovering from a foot operation , claims that when he refused the officers grabbed an arm each and dragged him out .
He was held for more than five hours before being allowed to return home to his anxious wife Susan at 5 am on Christmas Day .
Mr Gibson , who has the OBE , faced Medway Magistrates last week accused of pushing PC Thomas McGregor in the chest and twisting PC Steven Cole 's thumb .
He denies both charges .
But the case was adjourned before he could give his defence - and he was told the court 's busy calendar means he will not be able to do so until January .
" Obviously , this result is very distressing for my family and friends as well as myself , " Mr Gibson , who walks with a stick , said outside the court in Chatham , Kent .
" Last year this matter effectively ruined Christmas and now we will have this hanging over us again this Christmas .
It will be five months before I get the chance to clear my name once and for all . "
Mr Gibson , a former leader of the Tory group on Gravesend Council and former mayor of Gravesend , had been stopped on suspicion of drinkdriving in his blue V- registration Rover .
A breath test was taken which he passed as he had only had a sip of communion wine at the church service .
Because he declined to get out of his car , protesting that he had done nothing wrong , Mr Gibson said he was dragged from his vehicle .
John Fitzgerald , prosecuting , told the court : " Mr Gibson 's reaction was to push PC McGregor in the chest with his left hand and proceed to walk back to his car .
Mr McGregor stumbled backwards a couple of steps .
" Mr Gibson then got hold of PC Cole 's thumb and bent it back as he struggled to get free from the officers ' hold . "
PC Cole said : " It hurt .
He twisted it back and I noted down in my pocket notebook that I let out a yelp . "
The officers called for back - up from two colleagues before arresting Mr Gibson and driving him to the police station in handcuffs .
A spokesman for the Crown Prosecution Service said Mr Gibson 's prosecution was in the public interest as it involved two police officers going about their public duty .
She said shoving one officer could have perhaps been overlooked - but not grabbing the other one .
" He was consistently aggressive and argumentative , " she added .
" We believe the behaviour of the police was proportionate to the situation . "
She added that the case need not have gone to court as Mr Gibson had been offered the opportunity to be bound over to keep the peace but had refused .
Last year PC McGregor received a commendation for bravery from his chief constable for tackling a thug who knifed him three times in the chest .
His stab - vest protected him from serious injury .
About 150 people gathered Thursday in the Mission District to discuss an idea that some say is crazy even for San Francisco : opening a city - funded , legal center where intravenous drug users can congregate , get free needles and inject themselves in a safe environment .
Momentum for such a center seems to be gaining strength among drug reform advocates and some public health workers , who say it will help stop the spread of HIV and hepatitis C , prevent deaths from drug overdoses and keep dirty needles off city streets .
Advocates for the center , who call themselves Alliance for Saving Lives , sponsored the event along with the city 's Public Health Department .
They are gathering signatures on a letter to send to Mayor Gavin Newsom , the Board of Supervisors and Dr. Mitch Katz , head of the Public Health Department .
Supporters include the San Francisco AIDS Foundation , the Mission Neighborhood Resource Center , the Harm Reduction Coalition and San Francisco General Hospital 's Opiate Treatment Outpatient Program .
The letter reads in part , " We call on San Francisco to create a legal Safer Injection Facility staffed with trained medical professionals .
...
Please help us make this critical program a reality . "
But so far , no San Francisco politician appears ready to champion the cause .
Newsom , meeting Thursday with The Chronicle editorial board , said he doubts any neighborhood in the city would be willing to play host to hundreds of intravenous drug users on a daily basis .
The obvious choice for the center - the Tenderloin , where many of the users live - already deals with more than its share of social service providers while also being home to many families and children , Newsom said .
" You put another center in there , you 're going to enhance and advance some conflicts that are already there , " he said .
" I 'm not ideologically against it - I 'm just pragmatically concerned . "
The hesitation does n't surprise those who work in British Columbia at Insite in Vancouver 's Downtown Eastside , which is akin to San Francisco 's Tenderloin in that it is an impoverished neighborhood with many drug users .
Insite , which opened four years ago , is North America 's only injection drug center , though many exist in Europe .
It took 10 years of community organizing for the Vancouver center to go from idea to reality , said Sarah Evans , the center 's program coordinator , who spoke Thursday at the San Francisco symposium .
Insite is a rather bland , sterile place used by 800 intravenous drug users every day .
They bring their own drugs - most often heroin , crack , cocaine and crystal methamphetamine - but are given free needles by the center 's staff .
The center hands out and collects 2 million needles a year .
The center has three rules : no violence , no dealing and no injecting anybody but yourself .
Eight staff , including nurses and counselors , are at the center at any given time .
It recently opened an on - site residential detox and recovery program .
Despite a lot of initial skepticism , the Vancouver center now has the backing of the majority of the public , the mayor , the police chief and local merchants , Evans said .
" The evidence is really clear that we 're achieving our goals for the users and the community , " Evans said .
" The more you look into it , the more you realize it 's crazy not to do it . "
The center has proven it can help stop the spread of disease and prevent deaths from overdoses , said Dr. Thomas Kerr , an HIV / AIDS researcher at the University of British Columbia .
He has studied Vancouver 's injection facility since its inception , and spoke at Thursday 's event .
Kerr said 800 overdoses have happened at the facility , but they have resulted in no deaths because trained professionals are right there .
Without the center , overdoses would happen in back alleys or single - room - occupancy hotel rooms where there would be no help , he and other supporters of the facility said .
" It 's really been studied to death - it 's time to move on , " Kerr said .
" It 's obvious this is something that works . "
Republican Sexual Hypocrisy
We loved Scoobie Davis ' post Republican Sexual Hypocrisy which has a transcript of his conversation with Sean Hannity resulting from Scoobie 's call - in to Hannity 's radio show .
We agree with Scoobie that Newt Gingrich 's serial wife - dumping was worse than Bill Clinton 's sexual escapades .
In 1981 , Newt dumped his first wife , Jackie Battley , for Marianne , wife number 2 , while Jackie was in the hospital undergoing cancer treatment .
Marianne and Newt divorced in December , 1999 after Marianne found out about Newt 's long - running affair with Callista Bisek , his one - time congressional aide .
Gingrich asked Marianne for the divorce by phoning her on Mother 's Day , 1999 .
[ Source : New York Post , July 18 , 2000 , Newt 's Ex Wife Aiming to Pen Book by Bill Sanderson , available on lexis ] .
Newt ( 57 ) and Callista ( 34 ) were married in a private ceremony in a hotel courtyard in Alexandria , Va. in August , 2000 .
Here 's a fuller description , from a commentary by Doug Sanders of the Cato Institute published by the Copely News Service on August 21 , 2000 :
" Gingrich 's misbehavior goes back years .
Fidelity was apparently never his strong point .
After marrying his high school math teacher , Jacqueline Battley , even he admits : '' In the 1970s , things happened . ''
" As a congressional candidate , he conducted an affair in 1977 , a year before enlisting Jackie to write a letter attacking his opponent for planning to leave her family in the district : '' When elected , Newt will keep his family together , '' declared one unintentionally hilarious campaign ad .
Gingrich ended his 19 - year marriage shortly after his victory . "
" He famously visited Jackie in the hospital where she was recovering from surgery for uterine cancer to discuss details of the divorce .
He later resisted paying alimony and child support for his two daughters , causing a church to take up a collection .
For all of his talk of religious faith and the importance of God , Gingrich left his congregation over the pastor 's criticism of his divorce . "
" Soon thereafter , Gingrich married Marianne Ginther , whom he had previously met at a political fund - raiser .
He called her '' the woman I love ' ' and '' my best friend and closest adviser ' ' in his first speech as House speaker , in January 1995 ...
Yet , his relationship with Bisek , a House employee , apparently extended back to 1993 while he was talking of reforming the corrupt welfare state and promoting society 's moral regeneration .
Rumors of his relationship with Bisek , more than 20 years his junior , did not stop him from writing his political testament , in which he criticized sex outside of marriage , promoted traditional family life and opined that '' any male who does n't support his children is a bum . ''
" In May 1999 , however , Gingrich called Marianne at her mother 's home .
After wishing the 84 - year - old matriarch happy birthday , he told Marianne that he wanted a divorce . "
And from " Newt 's a Beaut " by Mickey Porter published in the July 25 , 2000 edition of the Akron Beacon Journal :
" Gingrich 's most recent ex-wife says he ditched her eight months after finding out she had multiple sclerosis .
Marianne Gingrich , 48 , shopping a book proposal " both personal and political " about how women are treated in D.C. , says the ex-speaker of the House told her on Mother 's Day 1999 that he wanted a divorce , after learning she had a neurological condition that could lead to MS .
In 1981 , the former congressman told his other ex-wife , Jackie Battley , that he was dumping her , after she had been hospitalized with cancer .
Newt , 57 , will wed ex-congressional aide Callista Bisek , 34 -- with whom he had an affair while still married to Marianne -- on Aug. 18 . "
( Due to spammers , comments have been disabled on this post . )
Federal bill helps huge farmers , not California 's innovative ones California farms produce twice as much food as any other state , but you would n't know it from federal government subsidies , which tend to reward tradition instead of innovation
farmbill_135_mac.jpg
Bowles in one of his fields full of cotton plants that are near ready for harvest .
The company has 6,000 acres of cotton .
Philip Bowles is President of Bowles Farming Company in Los Banos .
Congress is working on a farm bill that will have a dramatic impact on the way farming is conducted in California .
One of the issues at hand is subsidies for California farmers .
Photographed in , Los Banos , Ca , on 9/11/07 .
Photo by : Michael Macor / The Chronicle Mandatory credit for Photographer and San Francisco Chronicle No sales / Magazines Out less farmbill_135_mac.jpg
Bowles in one of his fields full of cotton plants that are near ready for harvest .
The company has 6,000 acres of cotton .
Philip Bowles is President of Bowles Farming Company in Los Banos .
... more Photo : Michael Macor Photo : Michael Macor Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Federal bill helps huge farmers , not California 's innovative ones 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
Dale Coke ponders the perils of farming from his small organic farm in San Benito County near San Juan Bautista .
An organic pioneer operating for 25 years , Coke invented the spring mix lettuce now a staple in every grocery chain - an invention born of necessity when he wound up one year with too many different varieties left over to sell individually .
But this year has been tough .
He ran out of water on part of his 250 acres .
He faces costly new food safety rules because of last year 's E. coli outbreak in bagged spinach .
There 's a quarantine on the light brown apple moth in Monterey County , where he also leases land , and a looming immigration crackdown could force him to fire many workers .
And this season has n't been all too good for growing leafy greens , organic or not .
The market is flooded , prices have crashed , and Coke can't recover his harvest costs on radicchio , frise and escarole .
He is mowing them down .
Even so , he would n't want any of the billions of dollars that go to farmers of corn , cotton , rice and a handful of other crops subsidized or protected by the government since the 1930s to shelter them from risk .
" It 's part of the cycle , " Coke said , fingering some of the shallots and cippolini onions that will cushion the blow .
" We brought it upon ourselves .
I should deal with it . "
Besides , he said , " I think there are better things the government could do , like provide education .
Or how about health care ?
Especially if we 're having farm programs that encourage production of the kind of food that helps cause people to become diabetic and obese ... health care , that would be way more important than subsidies for anybody . "
In the upside - down world of farm programs , California produces twice as much food as any other state , but mostly without crop subsidies because fruits , nuts and vegetables are ineligible .
Fresno County alone produces more food than South Dakota , but South Dakota gets more than 10 times as much federal crop money .
That 's the way it 's been since the 1930s , and that 's pretty much the way it would stay under the $ 286 billion farm bill that passed the House in July and the Senate is now considering - yet another five - year plan for agriculture , billed as a temporary remedy for stricken farmers 75 years ago , renewed by Congress as farm income breaks U.S. records .
Within a 200 - mile radius of San Francisco are some of the most innovative farmers in America - conventional and organic - in a region that has become the hotbed of a movement beginning to reshape American farms and food .
It aims to bring the forces of creative destruction to agriculture - to displace the industrial model of factory farms and processed foods with a web - style network that reconnects small , local farmers directly with consumers .
Emerging spontaneously among entrepreneurs who often came from outside agriculture - Coke took up farming when he was diagnosed with cancer - today that movement is reaching a critical mass .
Organic farming is the fastest growing segment of agriculture , led by California .
Conventional growers who scoffed at organics are quietly working on experimental plots or making total conversions .
As big companies go organic , the movement is evolving to locally based food chains .
In Northern California , the foundation - backed Roots of Change project has embarked on a radical rethinking of California 's food and farm economy .
The goals : fresher , healthier , less standardized food , a more vibrant rural landscape and pesticide / herbicide - free farms that now cover a quarter of a million acres in the state - or about half the size of San Mateo County .
Standing athwart this change is the federal farm bill .
Billions of dollars in public money flow to farmers who do n't need it , enriching often prosperous individuals .
The entire superstructure of federal support for agriculture - a mind - numbing array of programs packed in an 860 - page bill that dictates crop prices to the third decimal point - is bent toward propping up a system rooted in the past .
Seven decades of congressional flotsam - subsidies , loans and regulations - prop up markets for Depression - era crops : corn , cotton , wheat , soybeans , oats , dairy , sugar , wool , peanuts , honey , peas , lentils and even flaxseeds .
One program gives up to $ 40,000 to farmers for doing absolutely nothing .
Called " direct payments , " the checks are based on a farmer 's history growing subsidized crops .
The plan was to wean farmers off the government by phasing out the payments over seven years .
That was 12 years ago .
This year , the House raised the payment cap from $ 40,000 to $ 60,000 .
For the very large family farms rapidly dominating U.S. agriculture , the checks would be much higher : $ 120,000 for a couple , or $ 360,000 if two married children work with them .
The purpose of the money is to shield farmers from risk .
Yet California farmers deal with risk without the aid and outproduce every other state .
They operate on a simple concept that mystifies Washington .
" The first mistake a lot of farmers make is to figure out what they can grow and grow that , " said Jim Cochran , an organic strawberry and vegetable grower on the coast north of Santa Cruz .
" Which is a really big mistake .
The first thing they need to figure out is what they can sell . "
In fact , if California vegetable farmers got crop subsidies , we might all still be eating iceberg lettuce , said Daniel Sumner , an agricultural economist at UC Davis .
Crop subsidies discourage the innovation that is evident everywhere in California .
Imagine , Sumner said , what today 's produce aisles might look like had Congress decided to subsidize salad in 1933 .
" The payments are made for iceberg , and you think the market 's going to demand romaine , " he said .
" You say , ' But I have to give up my payments to do that . '
You can picture the scenarios . "
In the San Joaquin Valley , farmers are planting tens of thousands of acres of almonds because prices are high .
In Georgia , the market is calling for pecans , but Congress subsidizes peanuts - regardless of the market .
Federal crop money fuels the accelerating trend toward larger farms , bidding up land prices , making it more expensive and difficult to break into farming and giving the largest handouts to the largest farms that can spend that money buying out their neighbors .
On top of that are billions of dollars in conservation , marketing , trade , research , pest and environmental programs - money economists say at least delivers public benefits .
( Unlike other industries , farms are paid to improve the environment , rather than penalized for polluting . )
This year , specialty crop growers got a $ 1.6 billion share of those programs and increases in fruit and vegetable spending in food stamps and school lunches .
The money was considered a breakthrough , but it is shared nationwide and remains a token compared with other crop spending , especially given California 's $ 32 billion in agricultural sales .
Research on organic farming , a high priority for California , got $ 5 million a year , another first , while the House bill proposes to spend $ 8 billion a year on crop subsidies .
At the same time , demand for organic food is outstripping supply , and imports are pouring in , including from China , " where they can't even get dog food right , " as Watsonville raspberry grower John Eiskamp put it .
Organic farming has breathtaking potential to improve the environment in ways only dimly understood by the American public and urban lawmakers .
If you recycle or drive a Prius , consider this next time you go to a supermarket : One - quarter of California - 27.6 million acres - is farmland , much of it in the heavily polluted San Joaquin Valley .
Agriculture covers 40 percent of the land in the United States .
How food is grown on that land has big consequences for the air , waterways and wildlife .
California now has more than 220,000 acres of certified organic cropland , more than any other state , but still a fraction of the total .
Lacking research money , organic farming has evolved through trial and error , but even so has led the way to widespread adoption in California of new methods such as integrated pest management and crop diversification .
" When I go to D.C. and I walk through those halls , I just think I 'm on a time trip to another era , " said Bob Scowcroft , executive director of the Organic Farming Research Foundation , a Santa Cruz group struggling since 1990 to change the priorities so federally paid scientists who now collect patents for their work on genetically modified crops will instead investigate ecology - based farming practices .
" In 1998 , we got a sentence ( in the farm bill ) that said organic was good farming practice , " a precondition to receive farm loans , he said .
" Organic was not even considered good farming practice 10 years ago . "
California 's political leaders in Washington - now in positions of enormous power - seem all but oblivious to these currents .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a Democrat from San Francisco , gave the green light to a House Agriculture Committee bill written in large part by the commodity industries .
Its sugar section , the Congressional Research Service dryly noted , " incorporates a proposal presented by the U.S. sugar producing sector " ; its dairy provisions " were based on a proposal submitted by the National Milk Producers Federation . "
Farm state legislators make no apologies for the bill .
" Us guys in farm country , we do n't know a thing about the big cities and we 're not about to tell them what to do , " said House Agriculture Committee Chairman Collin Peterson , D - Minn .
" And these big city editorial writers and others do n't have a clue about what 's going on in agriculture , and they ought to keep out of our business . "
Pelosi , concerned about the re-election prospects of freshman Democrats from farm states , hailed the bill as reform and suggested further progress could wait until 2013 .
Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , a longtime environmental champion who chairs the Environment and Public Works Committee , said she does not support limiting subsidy payments to $ 250,000 per farmer - one way to fund environmental programs that are turning away farmers for lack of money .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D - Calif. , sits on the committee controlling farm program spending .
Like Boxer , she did not support a serious payment limit in the 2002 farm bill .
Feinstein has not stated her position this year .
Both senators have favored keeping the subsidies for cotton and rice growers - who deliver 2 percent of California 's cash farm receipts .
John Teixeira grows 37 acres of organic fruits and vegetables on his family 's 7,000 - acre conventional cotton , tomato and alfalfa farm near Firebaugh in Fresno County .
He receives large cotton subsidies .
But he 's so keen on the new food movement that he attended a Slow Food conference in Italy .
He operates a Community Supported Agriculture program for his Lone Willow Ranch produce - a direct marketing method borrowed from Japan in which farmers contract with consumers for weekly deliveries .
The technique is uniquely suited to small , local producers , reduces their risk , cuts out middlemen and transforms farmers from price takers to price makers .
Teixeira supports cotton subsidies in one breath , but acknowledges their shortcomings in the next .
One wet year , he planted his cotton late even though he knew the production would be awful .
" We knew we were going to lose $ 200,000 , but we went ahead and planted it , " he said , because of the subsidies .
" Does that make sense ? "
Teixeira said farming today reminds him of the cigarette industry .
Fewer people smoke now , but they eat a lot more bad food .
" The American consumer can enlighten this movement by speaking up , " he said .
" That 's the problem .
Does really anybody know anything about the farm bill ? "
The spider gives us a snapshot of ancient times
More details
The ancient creepy - crawly had been trapped in amber and preserved in a lowland area around Paris , France .
The scientists reconstructed the 1 mm creature 's original appearance using an X - ray - based medical imaging technique .
The pictures , published in the journal Zootaxa , " digitally dissect " the tiny spider to expose amazing details such as the preservation of internal organs .
" This is definitely the way forward for the study of amber fossils , " said David Penney , from Manchester University and lead author on the study .
" Amber provides a unique window into past forest ecosystems .
It retains an incredible amount of information , not just about the spiders themselves , but also about the environment in which they lived . "
David Penney is well known for his work on amber - locked spiders
The spider is a male and a species new to science .
It has been formally classified as Cenotextricella simoni .
The scientists say that it would have inhabited a wooded area and lived in a warm climate .
Dr Penney is renowned for his expertise on arachnids , especially amber - trapped ones .
He is currently studying spiders in a " living laboratory " in the African jungle .
The Belgian co-authors on the study are based at Ghent University .
Other Heatmap distribution of dirt in a keyboard
I always knew that keyboards tend to collect dust , hair , dead skin cells , and anything else you might happen to have on your hands , but it was n’t until yesterday that I found out how close to a biological hazard my keyboard has come .
Originally I ’ve removed just the letter keys to rearrange them into a dvorak layout , but then ended up cleaning out the entire keyboard for sanitary reasons .
What a mess .
If you are wondering as to how to clean a computer keyboard , it is quite easy ( unless it ’s a laptop ) – pop up the keys with a flat head screwdriver ( do not apply enough force to break anything ) to expose the dirt , and then use wipes or compressed air .
The fallen hairs fly right off , but the accumulated dead skin and dust is likely to stick to the keyboard surface , so you might have to get in there with some force .
All of this reminds me of XKCD ’s optical illusion involving a dirty keyboard :
An interesting observation was that there seemed to be more dirt under certain areas of the keyboard than others .
Interested in patterns , a crude heatmap of distribution was constructed .
Clearly , the worst area is in the lower left corner of the keyboard .
Not surprising at all , since this is where I always rest my left hand , and it ’s easily the most active area of my keyboard layout .
Besides the primary control keys , Ctrl , Alt , Shift , there are also the most common shortcut keys for Copy , Cut , Paste , Select All .
One could probably guess that I do n’t game a lot , since the WASD area appears cleaner than it would have otherwise .
It ’s kind of fascinating how the concentration of dirt under a keyboard could be explained by usage patterns .
Del and Page Down are the only keys I use out of that block .
I sometimes use Left to shift back through text , but that ’s about it for the arrow keys .
The num pad area is mostly clean – I do n’t do accounting .
On the Function key row – F5 is commonly the refresh key , though F9 is a bit of a surprise .
It might have been just some food particle that stood out .
Backspace , Enter , Shift see more usage .
Keylogger free , there ’s a whole story on the keyboard usage , slowly building up under the keys .
What do you think could be said about you , judging only from your keyboard ?
Discuss in the comments !
Update : I talk a bit about how I took my keyboard ’s keys off below in the comments .
With pictures , check it out .
Read more
Rails勉強会 に行ってきた。しばらく抑うつ症状やらパニック症状やらの状態が悪かったので、久しぶりの参加だ。でも、最初から最後までどうも頭が働いてなかった。処理が追いつかなくて、切り返しが鈍かったり反応を返せなかったりした人にはごめんなさい。医師には「 もう暫くゆっくりしなさい 」 と言われてしまったけど、なるほどまだ本調子じゃないね。
うむ。気がつけばこの勉強会も回数を重ねて、もうすぐ2周年。
いつもの通りの形式 である。
前半セッショ ン
3つのセッションに分かれた。
私は初心者セッションに出た。オーナーは諸橋さん。とはいえ、私も我が物顔で口を挟ませてもらった。
acts_as_authenticatedとは
acts_as_authenticatedとは、Railsアプリケーションにログイン認証機能を提供するプラグインである。ユーザー登録、ログイン認証、ログアウトなどの機能は広く様々なアプリケーションで使われるであろうが、毎度毎度これを書くのは結構面倒である。acts_as_authenticatedはこの部分を簡単にしかも枯れていて安全な形で実装してくれる。
実際、ログイン機能というのは定型パターンであるのに手で書こうとすると結構面倒なものだ。ViewからDBまでの各レイヤーにわたってセキュリティに関する配慮は勿論求められる。かつ、ロジックの記述はDRYでありたい。変更の整合性がとれなくてこれほど困る部分もないからだ。と考えて真面目にやっていくと意外と手間が掛かる。acts_as_authenticatedはここの部分を簡単に解決してくれる。
以前はこの目的のプラグインというとLogin Engineが主流であったが 、Rails 1.2以降ではEngineシステムが動かなくなった。Login Engineもメンテナンスは停止している。そういうことで、今ではacts_as_authenticatedが認証用プラグインの筆頭である。
インストールと構 成
インストール方法は至って普通のRailsプラグインである。いつものごとく、
$ ruby script / plugin install http://svn.techno-weenie.net/projects/plugins/acts_as_authenticated
これで、 vendor / plugins/acts_as_authenticated にプラグインが格納される。このプラグインは script/generate に対して新しい2つのジェネレータを提供する。
authenticated : アカウント登録/ログイン機能を生成
authenticated_mailer : アカウント登録後のメールによるアクティベーションの機能を生成
今回は、authenticated_mailer部分については割愛した。
acts_as_authenticatedの特徴の１つは、Railsのランタイムに外から作用するのではなく、generatorを提供するに留まるということである。生成されるのは幾らか癖はあるにせよ普通のRailsのMVCであるから、ユーザーはRailsアプリケーション開発に関する知識を活用してそれを自由にカスタマイズできる。
使い方
プラグインが提供しているauthenticatedジェネレータを利用する。
$ ruby script / generate authenticated MODEL CONTROLLER
ここで、 MODEL というのはモデルクラスの名前、 CONTROLLER というのはコントローラの名前である。例えば次のようになる。
$ ruby script / generate authenticated User Account exists app / models / exists app / controllers / exists app / helpers / create app / views / account exists test / functional / exists test / unit / create app/models/user.rb create app/controllers/account_controller.rb create lib/authenticated_system.rb create lib/authenticated_test_helper.rb create test/functional/account_controller_test.rb create app/helpers/account_helper.rb create test/unit/user_test.rb create test/fixtures/users.yml create app/views/account/index.rhtml create app/views/account/login.rhtml create app/views/account/signup.rhtml create db/ migrate create db/ migrate/001_create_users.rb
ユーザー情報を表すモデルクラス User と User を操作するための AccountController 、及び付随するview、テストケースが生成された。
モデルクラスに対応するマイグレーション( db/migrate/001_create_users )が生成されているのでこれを見てみよう。
class CreateUsers < ActiveRecord :: Migration def self .
up create_table " users " , : force => true do | t | t.column : login , : string t.column :email , : string t.column :crypted_password , : string , : limit => 40 t.column : salt , : string , : limit => 40 t.column : created_at , : datetime t.column :updated_at , : datetime t.column :remember_token , : string t.column :remember_token_expires_at , : datetime end end def self .
down drop_table " users " end end
生成した時点ではまだマイグレーションは実行されていない。今のうちに、好きなようにこのマイグレーションを書き換えることもできる。例えば、ユーザー情報として上記の他にニックネームが必要であるならそのカラム定義を加えればよい。余分なカラムがある分にはacts_as_authenticatedの動作に差し障ることはない。
私が以前acts_as_authenticatedを使った際、ログイン名はメールアドレスで兼用していた(この方針についてセキュリティ上の是非はあるだろうが、今は勘弁して欲しい)。だから、 login カラムの定義は削ってしまった。それでも後でちょっと手を加えるだけで問題なく動作させることができた。
既存のユーザー管理テーブルがあるなら、やはりマイグレーションやモデルクラスをいじくって何とかしてやればそのテーブルをacts_as_authenticatedと共存できる。
さて、ここではそのまま変更せずにこのmigrationを実行しよう。
$ rake db: migrate == CreateUsers : migrating ===================================================== -- create_table ( " users " , {:force= > true} ) -> 0.0833s == CreateUsers : migrated ( 0.0835s ) ============================================
これで、 users テープルが作成された。これでもう認証機能を利用できる。その様子を撮ったのが冒頭のスクリーンキャプチャである。素っ気はないが、機能は十分である。
解剖
acts_as_authenticatedが生成したAccountControllerの中身を見てみよう。
まず目立つのは、冒頭のこの1行。
include AuthenticatedSystem
acts_as_authenticatedはAuthenticatedSystemモジュールを通じてコントローラーに認証機能を提供する。AuthenticatedSystemモジュールは lib/authenticated_system.rb
に生成されている。認証の詳しい方法を変更したりするには、このモジュールをいじくれば良い。
アカウント登 録
さて、ではユーザーアクションに沿って順に見ていこう。アカウント登録するには、http://localhost:3000/account/signupにアクセスする。
def signup @user = User .new ( params [ : user ] ) return unless request .
post ?
@user . save !
self .current_user = @user redirect_back_or_default ( : controller => ' / account ' , : action => ' index ' ) flash [ : notice ] = " Thanks for signing up ! " rescue ActiveRecord :: RecordInvalid render :action => ' signup ' end
最初の2行はRailsでモデルオブジェクトを編集するときの頻出パターンだね。と、まあ初心者セッションだから、その辺もフォロー。今、何もパラメータは渡していないので params [ : user ] は nil だけど、とにかくそれで無理矢 理
User オブジェクトを作ってしまう。で、 GET でアクセスしているから、この場合 は2行目でreturnする。
return後にレンダリングされるテンプレート(
app/views/account/signup.rhtml ) を見てみるとこうなっている。
<%= error_messages_for :user %> <% form_for : user do |f| -%> < p >< label for = " login " > Login </ label >< br /> <%= f.text_field :login %></ p > < p >< label for = " email " > Email </ label >< br /> <%= f.text_field :email %></ p > < p >< label for = " password " > Password </ label >< br /> <%= f.password_field : password %></ p > < p >< label for = " password_confirmation " > Confirm Password </ label >< br /> <%= f.password_field :password_confirmation %></ p > < p ><%= submit_tag ' Sign up ' %></ p > <% end -%>
さっき、空 の User オブジェクトを作って @user に設定しておいたお陰で、 form_for ヘルパーを使って楽に記述できる 。
さて、このテンプレートで生成されるフォームは元と同じ account/signup に対してPOSTするように書かれている。ポストするとどうなるか。再び、 signup アクションの定義に戻る。
def signup @user = User .new ( params [ : user ] ) return unless request .
post ?
@user . save !
self .current_user = @user redirect_back_or_default ( : controller => ' / account ' , : action => ' index ' ) flash [ : notice ] = " Thanks for signing up ! " rescue ActiveRecord :: RecordInvalid render :action => ' signup ' end
今度は、フォームの値が渡ってきて params に入っている。このとき、次のような値を送信したとしよう。
Railsの魔法によりフォーム入力は解析されて次のようなHashによる構造に自動的に変換される。
{ " user " => { " password_confirmation " => " test " , " login " => " hoge " , " password " => " test " , " email " => " test@localhost " } , " commit " => " Sign up " , " action " => " signup " , " controller " => " account " }
で、 params [ : user ] を使って、今度こ そ
User オブジェクトを作るのだ。2行目においても、今度はPOSTメソッドでアクセスしているからここではreturnしない。
で、 @user.save !
する。ジェネレータが生成した段階で
User クラスには細かくvalidationが設定されている。そのため、正しい登録情報であれば保存され、何かが間違っていれば例外が発生する。今は正常系を見ていくとしよう。
current_user という属性 はAuthenticatedSystemモジュールの属性で、後で見るようにログイン管理の中核を為す。acts_as_authenticatedの基本的な仕組みとしては、この属性にユーザー情報オブジェクトが入っていれば"
ログイン状態" 、そうでなければ" 未ログイン状態"
ということになっている。つまり、ここではユーザー登録と同時にログイン状態に移行してしまうわけだ。
そして、 「 元のページ」または / account にリダイレクトする。以上。リダイレクト先はアプリケーションに合わせて自由に修正すればよい。
ここで質問が出た 。
入力が不正な場合はどうなるのか validation に失敗して、例外が発生する。最後の rescue 節がこれを捕まえて、再 び app/views / account/signup.rhtml をレンダリングする。 error_messages_for ヘルパーやなんかの働きでこんな感じに表示される。
ユーザー情報の保 存
さて、上ではユーザー情報の保存されるところを save !
で保存されるとだけ流してしまったが、その中身を詳しく見てみよう。 app/models/user.rb を見る。
冒頭にはvalidationが沢山。これが登録時の入力エラーなんかを弾いてくれる。
validates_presence_of :login , :email validates_presence_of : password , : if => :password_required ?
validates_presence_of :password_confirmation , :if => :password_required ?
validates_length_of : password , : within => 4 .. 40 , : if => :password_required ?
validates_confirmation_of : password , : if => :password_required ?
validates_length_of :login , : within => 3 .. 40 validates_length_of :email , : within => 3 .. 100 validates_uniqueness_of :login , :email , :case_sensitive => false
ここで、 「ん?
password 」 と思った人は偉い。さっきmigrationを見たとき、 password なんていうカラムはなかった筈だ。だから、そのままなら
User オブジェクトにも password なんていう属性は定義されない 。
crypted_password カラムならあった。実はacts_as_authenticatedではパスワードのSHA1ハッシュだけを保存するのだ。生パスワードは保存しない。ま、これはセキュリティ上の定石ってやつだけど、このあたりの解説をちゃんとセッション予定に組み込んでた諸橋さんは偉い。Rails初心者と言ってもJava経験者だったりすると知ってるかも知れないけど、経歴は様々だから、確かにセッションオーナーは配慮したほうがいいよね。
さて、じゃあ crypted_password に対して生パスワードと思われる password 属性はどこにあるんだろう。見回すと、
User クラスの冒頭で明示的に定義している。
attr_accessor : password
そうなのだ。実はRailsのvalidation はActiveRecordで自動生成された属性以外にも使える。その属性がありさえすればよい。
さてと、validationのすぐ下にこんな記述がある。
before_save :encrypt_password
これが登録時の鍵だ。この記述により
User オブジェクトを保存する前には必ず encrypt_password メソッドが呼ばれる。その中身を見てみよう。
def encrypt_password return if password .
blank ?
self .salt = Digest :: SHA1 .hexdigest ( " -- #{ Time .now.to_s } -- #{ login } -- " ) if new_record ?
self .crypted_password = encrypt( password ) end
これが生パスワードである password 属性から crypted_password 属性の値を作り出す。仕組みはこう 。
password が空なら何もしない。 ユーザー毎に一意っぽい salt を作る。 salt っていうのは、事前計算攻撃に対する対策。ハッシュ値と共にDBに保存される。 で、 encrypt メソッドで crypted_password を作る。
encrypt は、という と
def encrypt ( password ) self .class.encrypt( password , salt ) end
作っておいた salt を使ってクラスメソッド の
User : : encrypt を呼ぶ。更にその中身 。
def self .
encrypt ( password , salt ) Digest :: SHA1 .hexdigest ( " -- #{ salt } -- #{ password } -- " ) end
受け取った salt と password を使っ てSHA1 ハッシュを作ってるだけ 。
分散してるので面倒だけど、これは最初に言ったロジックをDRYに保つため。要は、オブジェクトの保存前に生パスワードからsalt付きのハッシュを計算するというだけだ。以上が、acts_as_authenticatedのアカウント登録の流れであった。
ログイン
では、登録後にログインするところを見てみよう。ログインには、
/ account / login にアクセスすればよい。 login アクションの中身を見てみよう。
def login return unless request .
post ?
self .current_user = User .authenticate ( params [ : login ] , params [ : password ] ) if logged_in ? if params [ : remember_me ] == " 1 " self .current_user.remember_me cookies [ :auth_token ] = { :value => self .current_user.remember_token , : expires => self .current_user.remember_token_expires_at } end redirect_back_or_default ( : controller => ' / account ' , : action => ' index ' ) flash [ : notice ] = " Logged in successfully " end end
remember_me がどうとか書いてあるのはセッション終了後もログイン状態を保つ機能、よく「ログインを保つ」とか書いてある機能を提供するためのものだ。今回は深くは立ち入らなかった。その部分を割愛すればこのメソッドはシンプルだ。
def login return unless request .
post ?
self .current_user = User .authenticate ( params [ : login ] , params [ : password ] ) if logged_in ?
redirect_back_or_default ( : controller => ' / account ' , : action => ' index ' ) flash [ : notice ] = " Logged in successfully " end end
POST メソッドでなければそのまま戻るのは signup のときと同じ。これでログインフォームがrenderされる。
で、そのフォームから再び、今度はPOSTで戻ってきたとき。
User:: authenticate というクラスメソッドが認証処理の実体らしい。
多少書き換えると、こうなっている。
def self .
authenticate ( login , password ) u = find_by_login( login ) u && ( u.crypted_password == u.encrypt( password ) ?
u : nil end
やってることは簡単だ。
ログイン名に基づい て User オブジェクトを取得 。ActiveRecordのdynamic finderを使ってる。 該当するレコードがあれ ば
User オブジェクトが、そうでなければ nil が返る。 次の条件を満たすとき、 u を返す。そうでなければ nil を返す。 u が
User オブジェクトであって nil ではないこと u の保存されているハッシュと、今入力された生パスワードを同じ手順でハッシュ化したものとが、一致する
ふーん。それじゃあ、また AccountController の login アクションに戻ろう 。
def login return unless request .
post ?
self .current_user = User .authenticate ( params [ : login ] , params [ : password ] ) if logged_in ?
redirect_back_or_default ( : controller => ' / account ' , : action => ' index ' ) flash [ : notice ] = " Logged in successfully " end end
authenticate メソッドは、ログイン名とパスワードが一致すればそのユーザーを表 す
User オブジェクトを、さもなくば nil を返すのであった。それで、それを current_user 属性に設定 。
前に書いたように、内部的には 「 current_user に
User オブジェクトが設定されている」== 「 ログイン状態である」ということなのであった。これでログイン終わり。
諸橋さんは、このアクションでセッションを切り替えないとセッション固定攻撃されるんでないかと言ってた。私も同感。ここはパッチを送る必要がありそうだ。
ログイン要求/判別
AccountControllerはこれで良いとして、他のControllerでログインを要求するにはどうしたら良いか。
class HogeController include AutheticatedSystem before_filter :login_required .... end
これだけである。これで、 HogeController 配下のアクションでは全てログインが必要となる。未ログイン状態でアクセスすると /account/login にリダイレクトされ、そこでログインすると元のアクションに戻ってくる。
初心者セッションなのでフィルタを知らない人もいた。Railsにおけるフィルタっていうのは、まぁ、JavaのServlet APIのフィルタと同じようなもんで、リクエストをアクションメソッドが受け付ける前、あるいは後に処理を挟み込むことができる。入出力を加工したり、特定の条件下では本来のアクションメソッドへ処理を移さずに他へとばしたりもできる。
対象となるアクションを絞り込むこともできる。この例では、特定のアクションにだけログインを要求したり、特定のアクションだけログインしなくても良いようにしたり。それにはこんな構文をつかう。
before_filter :login_required , :only => [ : foo , : bar ]
とか
before_filter :login_required , : except => [ : foo , : bar ]
とか。
ふーん。で、じゃあ、 login_required フィルタの中身を見てみよう。ここでログイン状態判別の方法を見ることができるはずだ。実装は
lib/authenticated_system.rb にある。
def login_required username , passwd = get_auth_data self .current_user ||= User .authenticate( username , passwd ) || : false if username && passwd logged_in ?
&& authorized ? ?
true : access_denied end
User :: authenticate はさっき見たよね。細かいことはさておき、とにかくやっぱり self.current_user が肝なのだ。じゃあ、 current_user 属性の実装を見てみよう。
def current_user @current_user ||= ( session [ :user ] && User .find_by_id(session [ : user ] ) ) || : false end def current_user= ( new_user ) session [ : user ] = ( new_user.nil ? || new_user.is_a ? ( Symbol ) ) ?
nil : new_user.id @current_user = new_user end
getterを見てみると、ちょっとコードが技巧的だ。
インスタンス変数 @current_user が設定済みならそれが活きる
が設定済みならそれが活きる そうでなければ session [ : user ] を見て、セッション変数が設定されているようならそれを
User オブジェクトのidと見て取得を試みる。 取得成功すれば、それを @current_user に保存しておく。 そうでなければ、 : false を @current_user に設定しておく 。
いずれにせよ、ここまでで設定されている @current_user の値を返す。
ここで、 : false なんていう変なシンボルを使ってる意味がわかんないよねー、と私と諸橋さんはセッションでぶちぶち言ってたけど、今気がついた。あちこちで @current_user ||= というコードが実行されることになるから、「ログイン状態未知」と「非ログイン状態」を区別する必要がある。ここで
@current_user に nil とか false を入れておくと本来 は 「非ログイン状態」であることは既知の筈なのに、毎回ログインを試みて失敗することになり無駄なクエリが走るのだ。それで、「無効値であることが見た目に分かりやすく、かつ、Rubyにとっては真として評価される」値が必要なんだ。
setterのほうは、これは前に書いたように
User オブジェクトまたは nil を設定されるものと想定している。 is_a ?
Symbol してるところを見ると : false も受け付けるみたいね。まず最初は、
有効 値( User オブジェクト ) を与えられたなら、そのidをセッション変数に設定
オブジェクト ) を与えられたなら、そのidをセッション変数に設定
無効値を与えられたなら、セッション変数に nil を設定
で、 @current_user にも値を保存しておく。と 、
これでget/setできる @current_user をどこで使ってるかというと、主に AuthenticatedSystem#logged_in ? で使ってる。
def logged_in ?
current_user != : false end
おー、シンプル。うん、さっき見た current_user の定義で、必 ず
User オブジェクトから : false が返るようになってるから、 : false と比較するだけでログインしているか判別できるのだ。
で、この logged_in ?
をあちこちで使ってる訳ね。これが、ログイン判別の仕組みであった。
後半
初心者向 け( Scaffoldの先 )
Componentの改善案を探る
某 Ruby書籍翻訳査読 会
最初のやつはyuum3さんがやってくださった。ハンズ・オン形式で、scaffoldは分かったけど、その先何も分からないという人のためのセッション。
次のは、 render_component が遅くてかなわないので改善案を考えようというセッション。
私は、自分で持ち込んだ某書籍査読会のオーナーになった。内容はないしょ。とりあえず、みんなで楽しんだとだけ言っておこう。
懇親会
jig.jpの人とか来てた。携帯上の開発は別世界なので聞いてて面白い。クラスローダの無いJava!
与太話
懇親会で、諸橋さん瀧内さんとも話した。
大体このあたりで話すといつもRailsアプリケーションのパフォーマンスをどうしてるかとかそういう話になる。瀧内さんが「cascaded eagar loadingを5段7段と重ねるとメモリーを喰ってそれが足を引っ張る」「でもABD的にやるとどうしてもそんな感じのクエリが必要」という話をしてて、諸橋さんがキャッシュの話をしてて。
で、私がまた電波を飛ばし始めた。「 DBサーバーとアプリケーションサーバーの間にもう１つサーバーを置けばいいよね」と。まぁ、例によって思いつきベースの与太話なんだけど。
アプリケーションロジックをDBサーバーに任せる発想というのは私は好きで、だから私はストアドプロシージャ大好き。だけれど、それでDBサーバーに負荷が増えるのは嬉しくない。だいたいが、Railsアプリケーションの並列化ではアプリケーションは殆どshared nothingなんだけど、その分がDBに集中するんだよね。なら、APPとDBの間にもう一層おいて、そこでできるだけキャッシュして、そこで必要なトリガを引いて、そこにビジネスロジックを盛り込んで、APPサーバーはそのサーバーを参照すればいいじゃない。dRubyで。
特に 、Railsが得意とするような「今からCREATE
TABLEします」っていう開発ではDBを参照している既存のアプリケーションというのは無くてこれから全てを作るのだから、このやり方で無理がない。
と、発想は出てくるけど、考えれば考えるほど「それ、なんて言うEJB?」なんだ。
でもね、私は今実際にそういう形で動かしてる。キャッシュや、データ変更に対するObserverを保持するサーバープロセスがmongrelの裏に3つぐらい動いてる。今のところはキャッシュが無効化される頻度が極めて少ないので手で裏方サーバーを再起動してキャッシュクリアしてるけど、これを発展させて、より洗練していけばそこにたどり着く。
結局、EJBは悪くないんだ。ロジックが単独のWebアプリケーションに収まらないとき、あるいは遅延させてバックグラウンドで動かすとき。そういうときにロジックを裏方サーバーで動かしておくのは悪くない。
全部が全部リモート扱いじゃパフォーマンスに響くからEJBはLocalインターフェースを作った。でも、結局インターフェースを定義する手間は変わってない。EJB3になってPOJOになって、Homeインターフェースも作らなくて済むようになって、でもやっぱり分散を視野に入れた定義は必要で。
それは、初期段階 ではover killなんだ。自社でB2Cサービスを提供して勝ち残っていこうとするような我々、インターネット業界の住人にとってはover killだ。我々に必要なのはいち早くアプリケーションが動きはじめて、エンドユーザーに見てもらえること。そのためにはRailsは良い道具だ。分散がどうこうとか、そういうのは必要がないし、そのためのわずかなコストも惜しい。
そして、サービスが成長していったとき、そのときになって自然な形でロジックを裏方に委譲できる仕組みが欲しい。dRubyにはその潜在能力がある。私はRubyは好きで、個人的にはずっと使っていくだろう。でも、仕事でRubyを使っているのはRailsとdRubyがあるからだ。dRubyの力で、モデル層の後ろ半分をリモートプロセスに自然に引きはがせるような、そういう仕組みが欲しい。作れるはずだ、いつか作ってやる。
とか、そんなことを話した。
According to Forbes :
Labor cost per hour , wages and benefits for hourly workers , 2006 .
Ford : $ 70.51 ( $ 141,020 per year )
GM : $ 73.26 ( $ 146,520 per year )
Chrysler : $ 75.86 ( $ 151,720 per year )
Toyota , Honda , Nissan ( in U.S. ) : $ 48.00 ( $ 96,000 per year )
According to AAUP and IES , the average annual compensation for a college professor in 2006 was $ 92,973 ( average salary nationally of $ 73,207 + 27 % benefits ) .
Bottom Line :
The average UAW worker with a high school degree earns 57.6 % more compensation than the average university professor with a Ph .D. ( see graph above , click to enlarge ) , and 52.6 % more than the average worker at Toyota , Honda or Nissan .
Many industry analysts say the Detroit Three , and especially Ford , must be on par with Toyota and Honda to survive .
This year 's contract , they say , must be " transformational " in reducing pension and health care costs .
I was making nachos the other day as a snack , and it took me perhaps 5 minutes to grate the cheese , sprinkle on the chips , and then microwave .
By the time I was approaching the end of my snack , the cheese was congealing and was no longer pleasantly toasty .
My idea is that if you were to slightly modify the classic hot melt glue gun , you could have a cheese melting device to squirt hot cheese directly onto your tortilla chips .
There are several benifits to this idea over the traditional grate - and - microwave method ( including a reduction of cheese - cancer . )
The first is that you skip the step of grating , instead inserting pre-formed cheese sticks into your Hot Melt Cheese Gun .
This would save you several valuable minutes .
Second , you could squirt the cheese directly onto the chips as you eat them , thereby eliminating both the cold , congealed lumps of cheese at the bottom of your plate of nachos and the disgustingly soggy chips that have soaked for too long in the cheese oil or guacamole if applied .
In food service applications where multiple plates of nachos have to be made over the course of the meal period , the Hot Melt Cheese Gun could be left hot and used as needed , speeding turnaround times on melted - cheese hors d'oevres as no oven time would be required .
As for the mechanics of the device , I propose that the standard hot melt glue gun design be modified to take the larger caliber " String Cheese " format and have a slightly more elaborate feeding mechanism to compensate for the softer nature of the material being melted .
A plunger type feed would probably be more appropriate than the pivoting sleeve found in your common glue gun , and an absolute necessity with softer or crumbly cheese loads , such as Brie or Feta .
Another change needed would be to waterproof and ground the housing to make washing less dangerous and to remove the possibility of a grease fire in the melting chamber being caused by internal sparking .
Other than that I think the design would work rather well , as melting cheese is self lubricating .
The existance of a readily available mozzerella cheese stick would enable instant adoption , but some sort of cheese - drawing die ( as those used to make wire ) would need to be included in the kit so that the consumer could load whatever cheese met their preference .
This would allow the creation of cheese sticks of say Wensleydale or Old Amsterdam which would most likely be too expensive or low volume to justify the production of a formed cheese stick commercially .
WASHINGTON  Beaches across the country closed or posted warnings to swimmers a record number of times last year because of high levels of harmful bacteria , evidence that communities should do more to keep vacation beaches clean and safe , according to a national environmental group .
The Natural Resources Defense Council 's annual " Testing the Waters " guide portrays the nation 's favorite beaches as increasingly susceptible to contamination from storm water runoff , sewage spills and other sources of pollution .
" We are still not doing everything possible to protect the public , " said Nancy Stoner , director of NRDC 's Clean Water Project .
" Pollutants continue to foul our waters , threatening human and ecological health . "
PUBLIC HEALTH : Testing always comes too late
The NRDC report , to be released Tuesday , analyzed data collected by state and local government officials and compiled by the federal Environmental Protection Agency .
The report , considered the most authoritative analysis of government testing at ocean and freshwater beaches , shows just how vulnerable beaches are to pollutants flushed through storm pipes , many of which empty directly into the ankle - deep water where children play .
" You could hardly design a more effective way of delivering pollution to the beach , " Stoner said .
The group found that :
• More than 1,600 beaches temporarily closed or posted a swimming advisory last year due to bacteria levels that exceeded federal public health standards .
• Water samples from 92 beaches in 19 states exceeded public health standards 25 % of the time or more .
• The number of days beaches were closed or advisories were posted increased 28 % to a record high of 25,643 nationwide last year .
( Each day any beach is closed counts as one closure day , so if 1,000 beaches were each closed one day , that equals 1,000 closure days . )
Much of the increase was due to heavy rains in Hawaii that caused a dramatic increase in contaminated storm water .
• Not counting Hawaii , the number of closure and advisory days nationwide was up 7 % last year , still a record for the 17 years NRDC has been tracking beach water quality .
It was the second straight record year .
• Storm water runoff is by far the most significant source of contamination .
It was cited as the reason for 10,597 closing or advisory days in 2006 , nearly double the number from 2005 .
• Of the more than 100,000 water samples taken at beaches last year , about 7 % exceeded federal standards for bacteria .
• Closure and advisory days were up more than 90 % on the New York - New Jersey beaches and the West Coast , largely due to storm water runoff and sewage system overflows .
Closure and advisory days decreased in the Southeast and Gulf Coast because drought reduced storm water runoff .
EPA : Beaches ' in good shape . '
Government officials note that swimming at most coastal and Great Lakes beaches is safe most of the time , and the data confirm that .
NRDC 's cautionary report stands in sharp contrast to the EPA 's more optimistic assessment , which pronounced the nation 's recreational shorelines " in good shape " at the start of this summer .
" We 're seeing progress in keeping America 's beaches clean , but significant challenges remain , " said Benjamin Grumbles , EPA assistant administrator for water .
" We want to move from a B - plus to an A . "
EPA officials note that monitored beaches experienced contamination - related closures or swimming advisories only 5 % of available beach days last year .
And they say more beaches in more states are being tested since a federal beach water quality monitoring program was created in 2000 .
Still , swimmers are often one rainstorm or sewage overflow away from being exposed to contaminated water , much of the time unknowingly .
That 's because not all beaches are monitored , test results of water samples can take up to 24 hours , and officials are n't required to notify swimmers of higher - than - recommended bacteria levels .
Hard to say who got sick
Several studies have established a connection between swimming in water contaminated with human or animal waste and illness , including ear , nose , throat and eye problems , gastroenteritis , hepatitis and respiratory ailments .
A Centers for Disease Control and Prevention review for 2003 and 2004 reported 62 outbreaks of waterborne diseases associated with recreational water — not just beaches but also swimming pools and water parks — in 26 states and Guam .
A total 2,698 people fell ill , including 58 who were hospitalized and one who died .
Data gathered as part of a collaboration among the CDC and other agencies reveal gradual increases in gastroenteritis outbreaks associated with recreational swimming .
Most studies are localized .
A 2003 EPA study found that 10 % to 14 % of swimmers surveyed at Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore on Lake Michigan and a beach on Lake Erie near Cleveland reported getting a gastrointestinal illness .
Both beaches were affected by discharges from nearby waste treatment plants .
Last fall , several surfers reported severe sinus infections after spending time in the water near Rehoboth Beach , Del. , where a storm water pipe funnels water from a small inland lake with a large goose population .
" I got a call from a buddy of mine who surfs , and he said he had the worst sinus infection of his life , " said Mark Carter , a local kayak instructor and chairman of the Delaware chapter of the Surfrider Foundation , a conservation group .
" I put out a little notice and about 10 people responded saying they had gotten ill . "
Assessing exactly how many people get sick from swimming in polluted beach water is difficult because it's rare for beachgoers to cite that as a source of illness , according to health officials .
" It 's a nebulous phenomenon , " said Michael Beach , acting associate director for healthy water at the CDC .
The EPA is studying water quality and illness rates this year among swimmers in Alabama , California and Rhode Island as it tries to update bacteria standards in place for more than 20 years .
Monitoring on the rise
Each year , the EPA gives about $ 10 million to states for a federal beach water - quality monitoring program Congress created in 2000 .
All 30 coastal and Great Lakes states now participate in the program .
More than 3,500 beaches are monitored today , up from 2,182 in 2000 , according to the NRDC .
That 's still not every beach .
State and local officials test the water at beaches most popular with swimmers and those most likely to experience bacterial contamination due to storm water outfalls or nearby sewage treatment plants .
Local and state officials decide how often to test .
Some do it daily , others once a week .
All states have adopted the EPA 's standards for unhealthy bacteria levels or use their own tougher standards .
Under EPA standards , beach water is considered unhealthy when it contains a specified amount of enterococcus or E. coli .
Those levels are designed to make sure no more than eight people in 1,000 become ill after swimming in freshwater and no more than 19 in 1,000 become ill after swimming in salt water .
But even at beaches where the threshold is exceeded , the federal government has no authority to require states and local governments to ban swimming or post advisories .
And not everyone does .
In Corpus Christi , Texas , for example , city officials have a policy of keeping warning signs off local beaches , said Jim Suydam , a spokesman for the Texas General Land Office .
Such policies are potentially hazardous , said Mark Gold , president of Heal the Bay , a Los Angeles environmental group .
He said warning signs should be required when the public 's health is at risk .
" Inadequate monitoring and poor public notification can lead to millions of swimmers unknowingly exposed to unacceptable health risks , " Gold said a congressional hearing in July .
Congress is considering increasing funding for beach water quality monitoring and requiring states to quickly adopt new standards and testing technology that would alert beach officials right away if water contains harmful levels of bacteria .
The EPA is testing new DNA - based technology that can offer results within three hours of when a water sample is lifted from the surf .
READERS : Will this make you change any of your upcoming beach plans ?
Let us know .
Enlarge By Heather Wines , Gannett News Service Visitors walk the shore at Virginia Beach , where 24 testing sites are monitored once a week to guard against contamination .
A new report finds that the nation 's beaches are increasingly vulnerable to contamination .
Brad DeLashmutt , 33 , an environmental specialist for the Virginia Department of Health , collects water samples in Virginia Beach .
By Heather Wines , Gannett News Service
Can someone balance on one leg when they are high on the anesthetic ketamine ?
This was the central question of a research paper written by government researchers in Hong Kong .
To find an answer , a team of social workers and scientists stood outside of two different nightclubs and asked 62 people to perform a series of sobriety tests in the parking lot or a nearby playground .
The team also checked their volunteers ' vital signs including : pupil dilation , heart rate , body temperature , and blood pressure .
Rather than relying on the partygoers to be honest about which drugs they had been using , the researchers collected saliva and urine samples form each one of them and analyzed those samples in a crime lab .
At least 39 of them had gotten buzzed on the anesthetic that night .
Only seven of them were sober .
Ketamine is one of the most popular club drugs in the massive Chinese city .
There are no breathalyzer - style field tests to determine whether someone has been abusing the veterinary painkiller .
Chinese cops want to know what behaviors are unique to ketamine so that they justifiably request the appropriate blood and urine tests .
According to the local law , cops can collect blood and urine samples if they suspect that a driver is drunk .
The police want a similar ordinance for drug testing .
Cops can't run around asking people to urinate in a jar without a good reason .
Until they have developed an effective field test for ketamine abuse , it will be hard to pass a law that allows them to collect blood and urine samples for analysis in a crime lab .
Wing - Chi Cheng led the effort to develop criteria for an effective sobriety test .
In the journal Forensic Science International , he concluded that ketamine users had normal body temperature and blood pressure , but some of them had a rather fast pulse .
The best indicators of ketamine misuse are failures to complete two parts of a standard field test .
To be more specific , 77 percent of the impaired volunteers could not walk in a straight line and turn on cue while distracted with questions and further instructions .
The same number of ketamine users could not balance on one leg for 30 seconds .
The authors found the criteria that they wanted – failure to pass those simple divided attention tests would provide sufficient grounds for blood or urine drug testing .
So partygoers that can't keep their balance at the end of the night may not have a legal leg to stand on .
Click to viewWhen we first criticized the $ 7,250 Pear Anjou speaker cables , little did we know it would stir up such a hornet 's nest of controversy .
James Randi , former magician and professional debunker , responded to our post by offering $ 1 million from his James Randi Educational Foundation ( JREF ) to anyone who could scientifically prove in double - blind testing that those exotic cables sound any better than run -of - the - mill Monster cables .
Next , Pear Cable CEO Adam Blake stepped up , calling Randi 's offer a hoax .
Later , he announced that audiophile journalist Michael Fremer , senior contributing editor of Stereophile Magazine , was willing to undergo the double - blind testing in an attempt to prove there is difference between Pear Anjou cables and those Monster cables that cost about $ 7,100 less .
Then , things got complicated .
We interviewed James Randi , Michael Fremer and Pear CEO Adam Blake , trying to understand why this test may not even take place at all .
Advertisement
Soon after Adam Blake announced Michael Fremer 's challenge to Randi , Fremer and James Randi began negotiating the details of the test .
Even though Randi taunted Fremer with trash talk and ridicule , Randi stated clearly that the tests would only take place if they both agreed on the parameters .
Fremer offered possibilities for the test , one of which included an offer for Fremer to use his own $ 15,000 Tara Labs cables for the testing .
Randi said he would pose those possibilities to his advisors .
But Randi says his advisors later ruled against that idea .
" We 're not going to go for [ Fremer 's ] reference cables , " Randi told us in an exclusive interview .
" We 're testing Pear Anjou cables .
That was the original test .
We 're going to assess them to see if they perform better than the much cheaper Monster cables .
And if he wants to go to his reference cables , we 'll do that next if that 's what he wants .
It 's his test , you see ?
He has to make the terms himself . "
Advertisement
We asked Randi why he and his advisors were against the idea of Fremer using his own cables .
Could cables be tampered with ?
If Fremer used his own cables , did Randi think there would be some sort of marker or sound that he would be able to discern between that and Monster cables ?
" Oh yes , that can be done , there 's no question about that , " answered Randi .
" I can picture all kinds of scenarios where things can be implanted in a cable that could give out a signal , it can even give out a tone , a pulse of some kind that can be picked up easily on an earpiece , or by any means , even by a meter in your hand .
I 'm magician by trade , I know how these things are done . "
Meanwhile , in the midst of the negotiations between Randi and Fremer , Pear CEO Adam Blake emailed Fremer , saying he would no longer be willing to provide the Pear Anjou cables for the testing .
When Randi received word of Pear 's withdrawal of the offer to furnish the test cables , Randi announced the challenge closed .
When this happened , Fremer said he felt he had been left in the lurch by Pear Cable , especially since he and Randi were both still willing to test the cables .
Fremer told Gizmodo , " When the guy [ Adam Blake ] backed out — and I do n't know him from a hole in the wall — I said , ' Why are you backing out ?
It 's going to make you look bad . ' "
Randi and Fremer had agreed that Fremer would compare the cables beforehand , and if he could n't hear the difference in his own informal testing , he would return the cables to Pear without undergoing the scientific double - blind tests .
Fremer continued , " I said , ' First of all , the first part of this procedure , according to Randi and according to me , is ... I 'll get your cables .
I 'll do some listening , informal listening at first .
Then I 'll decide whether I can hear differences between your cable and the Monster cable .
If I can't , I 'll say to [ Randi ] , ' I could n't hear a difference . ' "
We asked Pear Cable 's Adam Blake why Pear decided to pull out of the Randi test .
" There is absolutely no reason why Pear Cable needs to be involved for Michael Fremer to conduct his test , " Blake replied .
" It is our belief that not only is the $ 1 million not winnable ( because James Randi can delete challenger 's tests ) , but that Mr. Randi will attempt to smear Pear Cable even if Michael Fremer attempts in good faith to take Mr. Randi 's test .
James Randi has validated this concern by already attempting to do exactly that .
Why would someone participate in an excercise [ sic ] if they felt they would be attacked even if they could do what they claim ?
All James Randi has to do is prevent the test from happening ( which he already attempted ) and he will claim that he is correct .
At this point , I believe I have accurately articulated our position for those who care to consider it . "
Advertisement
That did n't sound to us like an answer , but more a criticism of Randi and doubt of his trustworthiness , which was expressed by Pear Cable from the start .
What had changed ?
After we asked Blake a few more times for a reason why he withdrew his cables from a challenge he announced himself via a press release sent to Gizmodo two weeks earlier , Blake continued to point to Randi , disbelieving that Randi would allow a legitimate test to occur .
" The test was not just for Pear Cable .
James Randi challenged someone with a media presence to differentiate between Pear Cable OR Transparent cable and an entry level cable .
Michael Fremer ( not Pear Cable ) offered to take the challenge and presented James Randi with 3 cable options , his own Tara Labs cables , the Pear Cables , or the Transparent Cables .
We offered to loan Michael Fremer some cable IF he wanted to use it for the test . "
Advertisement
After those three options were presented to Randi by Fremer , Randi at first said he liked the third option of using Fremer 's Tara Labs cables , but wanted to check with his advisors before agreeing to the idea .
This is where Blake changed the story around to fit his company 's devices : " James Randi suggested that Fremer use his own cable ( subject to advisors ) , and then Pear Cable decided not to participate for the reasons already stated . "
According to Randi and Fremer , this is not what happened .
It was Fremer who posited this idea to Randi , who had n't accepted it yet when Pear withdrew from the challenge .
Blake also characterized the million dollar offer as Randi 's challenge , but Randi never claims to challenge anyone with his offer .
It 's the person who makes the extraordinary claims who must provide the extraordinary proof , and the testing only occurs when both the challenger and Randi have signed sworn affidavits that both agree to the test protocols .
Advertisement
Although it was Fremer 's challenge to Randi , it was Blake who first announced it and agreed to provide the Pear Anjou cables for the test .
And it was Blake who withdrew from the testing .
Randi still invites Blake to provide his Pear Anjou cables for the test .
He said , " It 's all up to him [ Adam Blake ] .
I 'm 100 % willing , always have been .
I did not say that I was backing out .
He could be saying that I 'm backing out of it .
No .
It was very evident from the nature of the withdrawal of the Pear Anjou manufacturers , that they were n't going to provide the cables .
I 'm damned if I 'm going to buy the cables .
And Fremer says that he was n't willing to , either .
He wanted to borrow them . "
Whether Adam Blake believed Randi and Fremer would come to agreeable terms or not , his explanation of why he withdrew his Pear Anjou cables from the challenge was evasive .
Blake already stated at the beginning that he believed Randi was not trustworthy , alleging that Randi was a fraud who did n't even have a million dollars to give away .
He later acknowledged that Randi indeed does have the million dollars after Randi pointed to its existence in his Educational Foundation 's account held by Goldman Sachs .
Advertisement
As it stands now , both Michael Fremer and James Randi are still willing to perform the double - blind testing if they can be loaned a pair of Pear Anjou cables .
Fremer has offered his audiophile system as a test bed , and Randi has offered a preliminary set of protocols for the test , suggesting between 20 and 40 rounds of random comparisons between the Pear Anjou cables and Monster cables that Fremer has already received from Monster Cable , Inc .
The only missing element is the Pear Anjou cables , those $ 7250 pieces of copper around which this entire controversy erupted in the first place .
We 're left to think the following :
If Pear Cable was so sure that Pear Anjou cables were as good as the company claims , and if those pieces of copper wire were truly worth $ 7250 , the company would have stood behind that product , offering it up for any test , by anyone , any time .
And the banks financing other buyouts have grown more assertive in demanding better terms .
The bankers that committed to finance the $ 26 billion buyout of First Data won some small concessions to the debt structure after weeks of pleading .
But the deal for Sallie Mae may be the most delicate of all .
That has been reflected in the company ’s stock price , which has fallen after reaching a 52 - week high of $ 58 .
Shares of SLM closed yesterday at $ 48.55 , because investors expect a price cut .
Steven M. Davidoff , an assistant professor of law at Wayne State Law School , said the buyers would have two options if they wanted to get out of the deal , but neither was guaranteed to succeed .
They could claim that the new legislation represents a material adverse change , though , Mr. Davidoff said , it may be a hard case to make .
The language in the contract between the buying group and Sallie Mae explicitly contemplated the new bill , though at the time the deal was struck , the legislation was expected to be less onerous .
In a presentation to its investors in May , J. C. Flowers said the legislation “ could trigger a material adverse effect ” if it was worse than originally expected .
In a statement earlier this month , Sallie Mae , responding to speculation the deal could collapse , said , “ Sallie Mae estimates the adverse impact of existing legislative proposals on projected 2008 - 2012 net income to be less than 10 percent as compared to the matters already disclosed to the buyer .
Under applicable legal standards , this impact would not constitute ” a material adverse change .
According to Mr. Davidoff , playing what is known as the MAC , or material adverse change , card , “ would be a crapshoot .
The Delaware courts generally have n’t looked at this issue . ”
But perhaps more likely , the buyers may decide simply to threaten to walk away .
That , however , comes with its own complications .
One big risk is not price but reputation .
Even more than JPMorgan and Bank of America , J. C. Flowers has much to lose should the buyout falter .
Since his start at Goldman Sachs , Mr. Flowers has built a reputation as a shrewd deal maker .
But the financial services community is a small one , and backing out of the deal could make it difficult for him to pursue other deals .
The Bloomberg administration is beginning a drive to remove unsatisfactory teachers , hiring new teams of lawyers and consultants who will help principals build cases against tenured teachers who they believe are not up to the job .
It is also urging principals to get rid of sub - par novices before they earn tenure .
At the center of the effort is a new Teacher Performance Unit of five lawyers , headed by a former prosecutor fresh from convicting a former private school principal who had a sexual relationship with a student .
A separate team of five consultants , including former principals , will work with principals to improve struggling teachers ’ performance .
In cases where the teachers fail to get better , the consultants will help amass the documentation necessary to oust them .
The plans , at a cost of $ 1 million a year , are described in a memo and an accompanying letter to principals from Schools Chancellor Joel I. Klein .
In the letter , he urged principals to help teachers improve but added , “ When action must be taken , the disciplinary system for tenured teachers is so time - consuming and burdensome that what is already a stressful task becomes so onerous that relatively few principals are willing to tackle it .
As a result , in a typical year only about one - hundredth of 1 percent of tenured teachers are removed for ineffective performance .
Andy Potts
AS HE lays out his vision for the future of open - source software , Mark Shuttleworth is enthusiastic , but he looks tired .
He has been up late negotiating yet another deal as part of his mission to bring open source to a wider audience .
A successful South African entrepreneur during the dotcom era , he wants open - source zealots to lose their religion and concentrate on ease - of - use instead .
And he is putting his money where his mouth is .
Since 2004 , he has been using his fortune to fund the Ubuntu project , which makes a user - friendly version of Linux , the open - source operating system .
Ubuntu is a Zulu and Xhosa term that roughly means “ universal bond of sharing between humans ” .
Ubuntu 's slogan is “ Linux for human beings ” , and it is aimed at mainstream computer users .
For although Linux is popular on servers , it is not , so far , used on many desktops .
In part that is because open - source software tends to polarise opinion .
It has vociferous critics who suspect that software written by idealistic nerds , and made available free to anyone who wants to download it , must be some kind of communist plot .
Zealous believers , meanwhile , long for open source to triumph over the evil empires of commercial software .
This clash is often depicted as an epic struggle for supremacy between Linux and Microsoft 's proprietary Windows operating system .
But the truth is that most computer users do not know or care about the politics of open - source software .
Mr Shuttleworth says most people simply want to read their e-mail , browse the web and so on .
“ It 's very easy to declare victory , ” says Mr Shuttleworth , describing the smug attitude of some open - source supporters .
“ There are big chunks of the software world that depend on free software . ”
But Ubuntu 's aim is not to conquer the software establishment and replace its products .
Rather than seeing open - source software as one of two competing ideologies and focusing on the struggle , Ubuntu thinks about the user .
Ubuntu is a complete bundle of software , from operating system to applications and programming tools , that is updated every six months and , says Mr Shuttleworth , will always be free .
Taking the hassle out of open source is intended to move adoption beyond politically motivated enthusiasts and encourage mass adoption of the software on its merits .
It is a bold scheme , but Mr Shuttleworth is not a man to think small .
He was raised in a suburb of Cape Town , an unlikely place from which to join the internet revolution .
Yet that was his goal from the day he first used a web browser .
When he saw that the internet was switching from a text - based to a graphical medium , “ I sensed that everything was going to change , ” he says .
He spent a couple of years looking for the right way to get involved , given his situation .
“ I had to find something to do that was cutting - edge , without requiring much bandwidth or venture capital , ” he says .
He succeeded handsomely by setting up a company , Thawte , that made digital certificates and security software to support internet commerce .
He sold the firm for over $ 500 m to VeriSign in 1999 , near the peak of the dotcom boom .
The dream of a space cadet ?
In his home country Mr Shuttleworth is most famous for what he did next : he became the first African in space , and the world 's second space tourist , in 2002 .
This involved a gruelling eight - month training regime in Russia 's Star City , so that Mr Shuttleworth could accompany cosmonauts on a Soyuz mission to the International Space Station .
“ Because of the changes that were happening in Russia there was a unique opportunity in changing the way people think about space , ” he says .
This change is still under way , he says , and the growth of space tourism means that in the coming years , “ we 'll all have members of our family who will have been there and had their thinking changed by that experience . ”
Mr Shuttleworth believes that open - source software can bring about a similar change in the way people think about computers .
To achieve this goal he is relying on business acumen , rather than on the quasi-religious faith that permeates much of the open - source movement .
Dell , a big PC - maker , said in May that it would start offering Ubuntu on some of its desktop and laptop products in America .
Michael Dell , the company 's founder , who recently took over again as its chief executive , even runs Ubuntu on his own laptop .
Dell 's customers said they wanted to be able to buy PCs with Linux installed , and the company chose Ubuntu — a coup for Mr Shuttleworth .
The deal will do more than simply put Ubuntu on more computers .
It will also help to make Canonical , the company Mr Shuttleworth set up to manage Ubuntu , self - sustaining .
Canonical has around 80 full - time programmers , although the project also relies on hundreds of volunteers .
“ Producing Ubuntu does not require a huge amount of money .
I could keep funding it for a very , very long time , ” he says .
“ But I 'd like to break even , so we 're building up a set of revenue models that do n't require licensing or advertising . ”
Dell will not pay to include Ubuntu on its machines , but Canonical will offer buyers training and support on a commercial basis , which will help to fund the project .
Open - source innovation
Ultimately , though , Mr Shuttleworth 's ambitions stretch far beyond just providing the world with a cheap and friendly operating system .
“ The accusation of proprietary providers is that free software is just copying what 's been done before , rather than innovating , ” he says .
“ I do n't believe that .
The collaborative approach of the open - source community is the richest model for stimulating innovation . ”
In some areas , he insists , open - source software is not seeking to catch up , because it is in the lead .
One is localisation , or the translation of software into foreign languages .
This can take open - source software into parts of the world where it makes little immediate commercial sense to go .
“ There are some 350 languages in the world with more than a million speakers , ” says Mr Shuttleworth .
“ Free software is only translated in a significant way into about 20 of those , although this is already a lot greater penetration than proprietary software . ”
With a huge group of volunteer translators to draw upon , open - source programmers ought to be able to make software in other languages far more widely available .
“ My hope is not just that we can achieve parity with the proprietary world , but that we can leapfrog it . ”
Portable devices such as phones , cameras , GPS units and music - players are another area of opportunity for open - source software .
Many such devices are already powered by Linux and other free software , and their numbers are growing .
Around 80 m smartphones were sold last year , up 20 % from 2005 , and Linux is the fastest - growing operating system in the field .
“ My hope is not just that we can achieve parity with the proprietary world , but that we can leapfrog it , ” says Mr Shuttleworth .
“ Things that should be easy will become so .
I should n't have to synchronise my cellphone with my PC when in Bluetooth range — it should just happen . ”
And this will happen most easily , he believes , when free software is running on both PCs and hand - held gadgets .
But Mr Shuttleworth is most excited about free software 's potential to open up the third dimension in the display and navigation of information .
“ In the space station there was no sensation of up or down , ” he recalls .
“ Yet if it was even slightly obvious which direction Earth was , everyone would point their feet in that direction .
Our brain cannot reconfigure itself in a rational way .
So we should exploit the irrationality to be productive . ”
One area where he sees this happening is in real - time collaboration .
E-mail is widely used as a collaborative tool , but has severe limitations .
When a team , such as a group of software developers , wants to work together on something in real time , something more elaborate is needed .
Mr Shuttleworth points to an open - source platform called Croquet , an immersive environment that is similar in many ways to Second Life , a popular online virtual world .
“ You can see your collaborators ' avatars looking at a spreadsheet in a virtual room , ” he says .
“ People change things in different colours — newer stuff glows .
We 've started to use this for planning and building Ubuntu . ”
Canonical , which is based in London where Mr Shuttleworth now lives , cannot afford to pay for all its programmers to come to planning meetings for new versions of the software , which are held every six months .
Rather than demote some participants to a “ second class ” of virtual participation , he would prefer to have everyone participate virtually .
Although it may be ahead of proprietary software on some fronts , open - source software lags behind in many areas too , Mr Shuttleworth admits .
“ The community tends to build for functionality , not for comfort , ” he complains .
“ We have to inspire the free - software world to make the user environment attractive .
This takes an order of magnitude more work . ”
He is also scathing about the incompatibilities that exist between so many open - source projects .
Consistent packaging , so that open - source products work across as many platforms as possible , is desperately needed .
“ Free software does n't have to compete as commercial vendors do , ” he says , “ so we should n't create artificial barriers where none need exist . ”
Further confusion arises from the multiplicity of open - source software licences , each with their own set of rules .
“ This hampers innovation by making it hard to know whether two pieces of software may be used together , ” he says .
Despite these problems , Mr Shuttleworth is confident that open - source software can help to make computing and internet access more widely available .
He is driven by a desire for greater digital inclusiveness , rather than knee - jerk anti-commercialism .
“ To me , open source is about making sure that everyone has access to the next wave of thinking , ” he says .
In 2001 he set up the Shuttleworth Foundation , a non-profit organisation dedicated to educational and open - source projects in South Africa .
It has launched innovative projects such as the Freedom Toaster , a machine for copying free software onto CDs in remote regions , where lack of bandwidth makes downloading software impractical .
For Mr Shuttleworth , innovation often comes in two waves .
During the web 's first wave , much effort was expended trying to transfer traditional thinking about information to the new medium .
“ For example , the web was organised through a large number of directories , until we realised this did n't make sense as a way to organise information , ” he says .
But the rise of search engines , the web 's second wave , made it possible to search for information using keywords instead .
Similarly , he believes , the first wave of open - source software has been about imitating what came before .
The second wave , Mr Shuttleworth hopes , will turn the software world on its head .
Privacy guard for porn : how to surf in safety .
Confidentiality and safety are important to everyone , and it ’s a challenge to know when you can trust adult sites or online shops — and when you should n’t .
Also , we want to be sure our browsing is private , and stays that way , thank you very much .
You do n’t have to be a sex blogger , answer the wrong Craigslist ad , or order a vibrator online to have your sexual identity messed with – sometimes all you need to be is female , LGBT , or just make a simple mistake when you hit “ send ” .
Worse , having someone find your porn stash when they are not supposed to — or accidentally infecting a computer with a virus when you were doing something you ’d rather not tell anyone about .
The consequences can be devastating .
Can anyone really be sexually anonymous online ?
Being outed , thinking you ’re “ anonymous ” , trolls and stalkers taking advantage of online communities , porn laws resulting in performers being stalked , Google ’s history logs tracking all of us , and paying for adult goods and services online safely : Internet sexual privacy affects everyone .
* First , read my blog post about online safety basics : a first stop for those new to sex online — how to protect yourself from “ The Craigslist Experiment ” , and keep your privacy and anonymity intact .
* Listen to this SXSW panel podcast on sexual privacy online : Open Source Sex # 64 ( direct : MP3 file download ) .
It ’s the most amazing sexual privacy online discussion you ’ll ever hear .
This is the panel I organized and moderated at SXSW : Interactive , including a cyberlawyer ( Jason Schultz , EFF ) , a security pundit , an outed sex blogger ( Zoe Margolis , Girl With A One Track Mind ) , and a Gawker Media editor ( John d’Addario , jonno.com ) .
We discuss how easy it is to lose control of your sexual identity online – and how to get it back .
We explore obstacles facing individual privacy , including bad or unsympathetic online community management , system and social exploits ( like Craigslist baiting and outing ) , stalkers and trolls , the legal aspects of sexual privacy online and for individuals , and what you can do to keep your sexual privacy , private .
The Smart Web Browser Guide : Cover Your Tracks Before You Make Them
Use whatever browser you prefer with the maximum privacy setup before you go surfing .
There are a lot of extra tricks to tweak your browser into getting the best and safest porn browsing experience out of it ( especially Firefox ) .
Note : you can leave no history of your travels , but no browser will make you “ anonymous on the Internet . ”
For Safari users , Private Browsing is your choice to leave no footprints .
Before you begin browsing , go to the Safari menu and select Private Browsing : when the warning box appears , click okay .
If you want to switch to Private after you ’ve started porn surfing , Apple has this great tutorial to help you erase your tracks .
As I mentioned above , Google Chrome has Incognito Mode ( under File > New Incognito Window ) .
This does not have you cookied or record any of your browsing history .
Incidentally , opening a New York Times article link in Incognito will avoid the annoying signup window .
Chrome can be very safe and private : I found out while exploring , testing and explaining how to use Chrome ’s Incognito mode ( aka porn mode ) .
Internet Explorer 8 and newer has InPrivate browsing , which prevents your browsing history , temporary Internet files , form data , cookies , and usernames and passwords from being retained by the browser , leaving no evidence of your browsing or search history .
You can surf with InPrivate by opening a new tab and selecting “ Browse With InPrivate ” or selecting it from the Safety button on the top right corner of the browser window .
Firefox has Private Browsing ( in versions 3.5 and above , which will turn off the saving of : visited pages , form and search bar entries , passwords , download list entries , cookies and web cache files .
Make it robust with Firefox add - on Stealther .
More on enhancing Firefox for porn surfing is below .
Whichever browser you use , be sure to visit your browser ’s website and download and install the latest security patches ( follow their directions ) .
Internet Explorer is known as the most vulnerable , and you can set your browser preferences to automatically check for new security and virus patches daily — which you ’ll especially want to do if you are on a PC , regardless of your browser .
Unlike Apple computers , PC ’s ( even though the most - owned computers ) are the most vulnerable to attacks , hackers and viruses and need extra care , regardless of your porn surfing habits .
If you have a mess to erase , you can also use free tool Privacy Eraser , or the $ 30 PC - only WebRoot Windows Washer .
Know The Unethical Things That Bad Porn Sites Do
Aside from pop -up window barrages , there are a number of truly lame ( and downright evil ) things that sites can do while you surf , peaceably trying to have a nice wank like the nice , smart girl or guy that you are .
Some of these can be sidestepped with a good browser or up to date security , but others are the hallmarks of irresponsible webmasters that should be blacklisted , taken to task , or at the very least seriously ignored , like really hard .
These unethical practices are not restricted to porn sites but to any site desperate for a visit ; you ’ll find them at travel sites , medical and pharmaceutical sites and even some very mainstream news sites .
Here are the main evils you ’ll want to avoid :
Browser Hijack : Forces you to sites when you do n’t want to go .
Cheater , or irrelevant result of search query :
This is all too common throughout the web with non-porn sites as many webmasters will place search terms along their site that have no relation to their content — but I ’m sure you ’ve seen search results that look like a string of nonsense with your search word embedded in it .
This is a cheater and there ’s little to be done except not click on it , though if you find it in a porn search site like AskJolene.com report it immediately for blacklisting .
Circle Jerk Linking :
It ’s not as fun as it sounds — this is a site that looks like a link list or TGP , but all the links on the page are usually blind links to sponsors and to other sites .
A circle jerk uses a special script ( or program ) that tracks the number of clicks that a webmaster sends to the circle jerk .
Then it sends out a number of clicks equal to or greater than that number .
Disabling Context Menus : when you right - click or CTRL - click your mouse , you usually get a little menu with various options like “ copy , paste , close window ” , etc .
Some sites wo n’t let you use these menus so you ca n’t close the window or other functions .
Disabling Visited URL : usually when you visit a link , it turns a different color so you can see that you ’ve already been there — this is a function of your browser .
When it is disabled by a site you ca n’t tell you ’ve already visited the URL and may be on a page with seemingly different site links that all lead back to the same website .
Pathetic !
Gallery Spyware or Malware / Virus Intalls :
True evil — sites or downloads that install viruses or software that infect your computer , and / or track you and report your information to others .
A virus is a rogue computer program , typically a short program designed to disperse copies of itself to other computers and disrupt those computers ’ normal operations .
It must be cleaned up with an antivirus program .
Spyware is sends information about your surfing habits to its website .
Often quickly installed in your computer in combination with a free download , spyware transmits information in the background as you surf :
Also known as “ parasite software , ” “ scumware , ” “ junkware ” and “ thiefware , ” spyware is occasionally installed just by visiting a site ( called a “ drive - by download ” ) .
Internet Explorer and Windows are the primary targets of these evils .
On - Exit Refresh : when you try to leave their site , they force you to visit their site again , or take you to one of their advertisers or affiliates .
Raising Windows : the offending site ’s window ( or ad ) stays at the front of all your browser windows no matter what you do .
Redirect :
This is when you click on a link and it takes you somewhere completely different , or reloads the page as you visit the address you thought you were visiting .
It is an outright nonconsensual lie , and a redirect will get a site blacklisted from Google .
Window Resize : when a site makes the window really huge — so big that you ca n’t resize the window yourself and have to close the whole thing to continue .
A Lot To Be Said for Firefox
Sure , learning a whole new browser like Firefox might seem like a pain in a girls ’ ass , but it ’s wholly worth it , especially because its precautions make surfing everywhere on the web safer — and Firefox users are constantly creating new ways to combat the newest pop-up technologies and ads being created to side - step even Safari ’s pop -up blockers .
Firefox is open source , meaning that it ’s free and easy for people to create new plug-ins for , meaning that there will always be something new and fun ( and safer ) you can add to your browser .
A few reasons why Firefox is great for porn surfing ( visit this URL to read even more ) :
* Control : Firefox blocks unrequested pop-ups and disallows most web pages to create hard - to - close full - screen windows .
Firefox gives you options to prevent web sites from resizing and focusing windows .
* Security : Malicious web sites can never install spyware without your permission .
Wank in peace .
* Privacy : Everything you might want to clear in order to cover your tracks — cookies , cache , download history , history — is in one place in “ Options ” .
Firefox even provides a “ Clear All ” button to clear all of this information quickly .
* Extensibility : Bookmarklets and extensions can improve your porn surfing experience far beyond what any browser vendor would dare .
* Images : Firefox has an image - rendering library called “ libpr0n ” and a cute , unofficial mascot named Firefox - ko .
You can turn Firefox into a safe content and link - finder for porn , based on your own preferences with the amazing add - on Bring The Porn .
Go Go Go , Pornzilla
Porn is frustrating for many reasons , but one of the biggies on the web is efficiency — you ’re liable to run into lots of wasted time , pointless clicks , dead ends and moved ( or disappeared ) websites .
I believe that porn surfing should be pleasant , enjoyable and time well spent .
Aside from visiting reputable porn sites ( I have recommendations on this Links and Resources page ) who will point you safely toward content , you can tweak , tease and spank Firefox into a mighty porn - delivery machine with the many extensions and bookmarklets from Pornzilla .
At Pornzilla , they deliver “ porn surfing , redefined . ”
They feature an ever - growing roster of bookmarklets , little add - ons for your bookmarks toolbar that can greatly enhance a girl ’s porn viewing experience — and it ’s as easy as click on the bookmarklet , drag up your screen to the browser toolbar , and it ’s all yours .
For instance , there are bookmarklets that zoom in and out of images with a single click ; remove redirects from thumbnail galleries ( useful when a TGP — page linking to many thumbnail gallery posts — makes you go to an advertiser instead of the gallery ) , hide visited links ( useful for TGPs where it ’s hard to tell which galleries you ’ve already visited ) and more .
I really like the Google.com bookmarklets that allow me to search for similar galleries without even touching my keyboard .
Pornzilla also has helpful Firefox guidelines for making Firefox even more bug and irritation proof , like investigating Firefox ’s “ Options > Web Features > Advanced ” which lets you control what web page scripts are allowed to do to your browser ; you can change your settings to prevent websites from resizing windows ( when a site makes the window really huge ) , raising windows ( keeping its window in front of others ) , and disabling context menus ( preventing your right - click or CTRL - click mouse options ) .
Viruses and Online STD’s
No one wants a computer clogged with tracking or redirecting cookies , which report on your surfing habits to marketing agencies , or send you somewhere you do n’t want to go when you try to leave a site ( an evil thing called “ browser redirect ” ) .
No porn-loving girl or guy wants to play “ Space Invaders ” with a blizzard of popup windows , whether it ’s from a pharmacy , travel or random site — or an accidental click on a porn banner to a disreputable page .
Just because you want to get down and dirty with your laptop does n’t mean you do n’t deserve a ‘ clean , well - lit ’ place to enjoy yourself .
You do n’t deserve a virus or malware for simply wanting to look at porn .
Windows users might want to check out SpyChecker.com where they have an ever - growing selection of free anti-virus , anti pop-up and virus extractor tools .
Mac users have been resting easier for decades , as Mac computers have better security , built - in firewall protection and significantly fewer viruses affect Apple computers .
Safari ( Apple ) and Opera both have a number of excellent security features , including a stellar pop-up blocker .
In fact , Opera has a huge pro-porn fan base , and if you visit Opera – Naked Joy of Surfing you ’ll get all the reasons why people love it for porn surfing , including tutorials on popup blocks , one - keystroke methods of hiding what you ’re looking at ( called the “ boss button ” ) and much , much more .
Is your PC computer acting weird ?
Do most of the sites you surf seem to have pop-ups , do you keep ending up on “ hot chick ” site , is your computer running super - slow , or are you having trouble every time you try to log into Yahoo ?
You ’ve been made a victim of the evils that porn sites do … and you ’ll need to clean up your computer , browser , and run some anti-virus software to fix the problem .
Investigate these resources for PC / IE Users :
Spy Remover * Popup Killer Review * Exporer Popup Blocker Instructions * Google Toolbar Popup Blocker for IE 5.5 and Later
Safeguard Your Privacy
There are thousands of Firfeox extensions , and there are many especially excellent ones for porn surfing ; Pornzilla has collected a nice list of several .
These extensions are easy to download , and offer a number of great options you might not have considered , such as PaNIC which lets you hide porn quickly , “ x ” which is a toolbar button that clears private data , and other tools that let you download entire galleries or sites , or show only the first images from galleries before you click so you can decide if they ’re even interesting to you or not .
Granted , some of these are not for novices , but even if you do n’t care about galleries or do n’t know TGP from PMS , the privacy add - ons are valuable resources .
After you porn surf , clear your cookies , your cache , the download history ( download manager ) and your history .
Close ( quit ) the browser , empty the trash .
In most bowsers , these items are in “ options ” or “ preferences ” .
You may clear cookies you might need later , so you might want to go through the cookies one by one so as to not delete cookies you need ( like for Netflix or your online mail program ) .
Google saves your search history , and while that may sound alarming at first , you can find out how to anonymize your search history with this tutorial , How to Foil Search Engine Snoops .
Also check out SpyChecker ’s free Window Washer , which allows you to erase common Internet and computing tracks , including browser cache , cookies , visited websites , typed URLs , recent documents , index.dat files and more .
It supports MS Office tracks as well as Firefox and Netscape , Instant Messengers and dozens of 3rd party applications .
It also includes an option to overwrite deleted data multiple times , so it can not be easily recovered .
Still , there are basic general privacy guidelines that any porn loving girl will want to consider commandments , right up there with “ always use lube for anal sex ” .
If you download files , lock them up ( with something like MyLockBox ) , bury them in sub -sub - sub - directories .
Do n’t surf porn from work , ever ( or even a work computer or laptop on loan ) .
Do n’t use your real name in forums , and never give out personal information to * anyone * ( your real name , your location , your address , phone number , work information , or even places you frequent ) .
Make a dummy email address for signups .
Most women I know have been stalked and too many ( including myself ) are familiar with the restraining order process ( they ’re a fairly useless formality , by the way ) .
This info goes for guys , too — do n’t think you ca n’t be stalked , harassed or tracked .
Most web savvy people can look up your ISP or wifi location ; for this purpose and to keep unwanted spam at bay I recommend using a seperate email account for all porn forum signups .
Also , check the privacy settings for all online accounts that have your real name connected to them : Amazon is great for wishlists , but unless you make that wishlist private , anyone who searches for you can find those sex books you ’re going to buy next payday .
The privacy settings are confusing at Amazon , but worth it if you do n’t want people to know you have Family Jewels at the top of your list .
It goes without saying that you ’ll want the best way possible to keep grownup stuff private from young ones , and to have control over where your kid ’s mouse clicks might land — especially if you want to to impart healthy sex values to kids , from self - image to respect , and safety issues while fostering a healthy and tolerant attitude while giving the youth empowerment to make their own boundaries .
Google ’s SafeSearch is good , but no censorware can communicate your values — and many censorware companies have questionable ethical standpoints on sexuality and politics .
The best route is to follow the privacy guidelines here , always enjoy your private time behind locked doors ( or when no one ’s home ) , and to use a powerful tool like the wonderful Bumpercar .
Many people recommend the award - winning Cybersitter for PC’s .
And when you ’re ready to start talking to kids about sex , peruse this list of my highest - recommended books for parents and make the most of sites like Gurl.com ( and Boyfriend !
for teen males ) and Scarleteen.com .
Ethical Porn : Get Off At Good Sties
You think I ’m being funny — but there are a growing number of women and men who want porn without the bullshit .
Just because we are adults who like to see sex does n’t mean we do n’t deserve to be treated with respect as consumers .
We do .
Again , check out my extensive list of vetted personal recommendations on the Links and Resources page .
Reputable porn reference sites include YouPorn , PornReports , Cliphunter , Pichunter , and even Google .
( Note that AskJolene has pay - for - placement results , but an excellent primer on safe porn surfing , delivers straightforward results and gives you the power to report liars and cheats . )
If you come across any problems when visiting though these sites , report the offending tactics and they will likely get blacklisted and removed from search databases .
And if you find more sites for me to add to any of these lists and resources ( especially ones like Cliphunter , AskJolene and Pichunter that let users report cheaters ) , email me .
I also stand behind ( and thus am affiliated with ) reputable , privacy upholding pay - for - play sites such as I Feel Myself , I Shot Myself , Cinema Erotique , Girls Out West , all the sites under the Kink.com umbrella , The Crash Pad Series and Andrew Blake .
Check my right - hand sidebar for new additions to my personally - approved porn club .
Read More
There is an entire chapter , and much , much more devoted to all of this ( including more link resource lists ) in my book , The Smart Girl ’s Guide to Porn .
Could the sewage system handle it if we all flushed simultaneously ?
Christoph Ermel / Getty Images
If everyone in the United States flushed the toilet at the same time , sewer systems across the country would be overwhelmed with wastewater .
Nov. 19 is World Toilet Day , a time to reflect upon how far modern sanitation has come .
In the United States in 2005 , less than half of one percent of the country 's more than 124 million households did n't have a flushing toilet [ source : U.S. Census Bureau ] .
In comparison , 71 percent of India 's total population of more than one billion people had no access to a toilet that same year .
There were an estimated 350 million public and private toilets in the United States by the mid-1990s [ source : Flushmate ] -- a lot of toilets by anyone 's measure .
So what would happen if everyone in the United States decided to flush their toilets at the same time in celebration of World Toilet Day ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
Since as far as we could find out -- no one 's ever tried it before -- we can't say for certain exactly what would happen .
But we can take a pretty good guess : " It would be ugly , " says Steve Cox , one wastewater treatment facility operator we interviewed .
The average home in America is outfitted with sewer pipes around four inches in diameter .
The pipes from your home are connected to subdivision systems , which connect together at street systems .
Street systems tie into road systems , which go to main road systems , and , ultimately , waste treatment plants .
Underneath your town is a wastewater system as complex as a spider 's web .
The closer you get to the treatment plant , the larger the inside diameter of the pipes becomes .
So a four - inch pipe from your house connects to a 12 - inch pipe and so on , until -- in larger cities -- pipes may be almost 10 feet in diameter .
A pipe this size can hold a lot of water , but can it hold enough for everyone to flush at once ?
­ If everyone in each of Milwaukee , Wisconsin 's 330,584 households all flushed just one toilet at the same time , and each of those toilets expelled 3.5 gallons per flush , then Milwaukee 's sewer system would suddenly be inundated with 1,157,044 gallons of wastewater [ source : NexTag ] .
Even with the city 's new 108 - inch pipes , this could be a problem , and we 're not even counting all of the public toilets in the city .
This content is not compatible on this device .
©2007 HowStuffWorks
Of course , the earth is n't level underneath many cities , and to overcome changes in elevation , sewer systems use lift stations , wastewater plants that push sewage uphill toward its final treatment destination .
These stations would be the first overwhelmed by unanimous flushing .
There would simply be too much wastewater trying to pass through the pipes at the same time -- kind of like trying to force an orange through a drinking straw -- and the flow of sewage would stop .
Sewage already past the lift stations would return downhill , and as the lift stations flooded , the lines leading to them would back up .
Eventu­ally this sewage would find its way to the place where this whole debacle originated -- your home .
Backflow valves probably would n't help .
Not only would your toilet overflow , but so , too , would every wastewater line in your home , including your shower , kitchen and bathroom sinks , and even your dishwasher and washing machine .
Outside , the manhole covers dotting the street would also flood and overflow , leaving people in sewage possibly more than ankle deep .
Depending on how many people live in your city and how large the sewer pipes are , it could be even worse .
But with low - flow toilets , this scenario would n't be quite so bad .
Find out about new toilet technology on the next page .
CHATHAM ( Reuters ) - Literary purists may quake at the prospect of a Charles Dickens theme park complete with a Great Expectations boat ride and Ye Olde Curiosity Gift Shop .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
But Dickens World , a 62 million pound ( $ 115 mln ) complex built in the naval dockyard where his father once worked as a clerk , is confidently predicting 300,000 visitors a year to this new attraction dedicated to the Victorian author .
“ We are not Disneyfying Dickens , ” insists manager Ross Hutchins as he dons hard hat and fluorescent jacket to tour the site , a hive of activity as the Fagin ’s den playground and Newgate Prison ’s grimy walls are given their finishing touches .
“ If Dickens was alive today , he would probably have built the place himself , ” Hutchins said of the theme park in Chatham , once a big unemployment blackspot in southeast England after the dockyards closed in the 1980s but now a major regeneration target .
“ In fact , if Dickens was alive today , he would probably have been working for television as a scriptwriter .
He was very much a populist , ” he said of the author of classic tales like “ Oliver Twist ” .
Some critics may have been scornful of the project in the lead - up to its opening on April 20 .
But Hutchins insists the attraction -- a dark , dirty and dank London is populated by thieves , murderers and ghosts -- has the air of authenticity as it was built in consultation with experts from the Dickens Fellowship .
“ Is the world ready for a Dickens theme park ? ” The Observer newspaper asked of the giant indoor attraction .
“ There is a lot to fear here , ” The New York Times said .
“ There is the prospect that characters from Dickens ’ novels -- Mr Pecksniff and the Artful Dodger , Mr Pickwick and Uriah Heep -- will wander through Dickens World the way Goofy and Mickey walk the streets of Disneyland , ” the paper said .
Hutchins retorted : “ If we were Disneyfying Dickens we would n’t be talking to people like the Dickens Fellowship to ensure the correct historical facts . ”
He talks with crusading zeal about the project , proudly showing off the interactive screens in the mock schoolroom or checking the boat ride that takes visitors from “ the sewers to the rooftops of London ” .
But he is the first to recognize Dickens still has a lot of catching up to do with Shakespeare in literary popularity .
“ If you asked many people today under 30 to name five Dickens novels , they probably could n’t .
We are going to bring Dickens to life , ” he promised .
There was certainly no shortage of job applicants with 950 people chasing up to 60 jobs in the theme park .
Hutchins said : “ One man was so mad about Dickens that he applied for the job despite living on the west coast of America near Seattle .
I did e-mail him back and said do n’t you think 4,800 miles might be a bit of a long commute for you ? ”
CONGRESS WANTS TO hear from Karl Rove , and members want him sworn in .
Rather than accept a politically expedient deal from the White House — a no-oath interview — Senate and House committees have approved subpoenas for Rove and others .
Lawmakers hope to figure out whether Rove hatched the plan to fire U.S. attorneys who were not hewing to the Republican Party ’s political playbook .
Whether Rove chats or testifies , Congress will surely be frustrated .
Asking Rove questions is simply not an effective method of ascertaining facts .
Reporters who , like me , have dogged the presidential advisor from Texas to Washington quickly learn how skilled he is at dancing around the periphery of issues .
Any answers he does deliver can survive a thousand interpretations .
Few intellects are as adept at framing , positioning and spinning ideas .
That ’s a great talent for politics .
But it ’s dangerous when dealing with the law .
Rove has testified under oath before investigative bodies twice , and in neither case was the truth well served .
In 1991 , he was sworn in before the Texas state Senate as a nominee to East Texas State University ’s board of regents .
The state Senate ’s nominations committee , chaired by Democrat Bob Glasgow , was eager to have Rove explain his relationship with FBI agent Greg Rampton .
Rampton was a controversial figure in Texas , and Democrats suspected that he ’d been consorting with Rove for years .
During the 1986 gubernatorial race , when a listening device was discovered in Rove ’s office , it was Rampton who investigated .
No one was ever charged — and Democrats suspected that Rove planted the bug himself to distract reporters from the faltering campaign of his client , Bill Clements ( who won the election ) .
Then , in 1989 , Rampton launched a series of devastating investigations into every statewide Democratic officeholder in Texas , including Agricultural Commissioner Jim Hightower .
Rove ( at the time running Republican Rick Perry ’s campaign for that job ) often leaked things to reporters , such as whose names were on subpoenas before they were issued .
So when the Texas state Senate committee found nominee Rove before it in 1991 , members thought they had the power to get at the truth .
“ How long have you known an FBI agent by the name of Greg Rampton ? ” Glasgow asked .
Rove paused for a breath .
“ Ah , senator , it depends — would you define ‘ know ’ for me ? ”
Rove , who later vilified President Clinton ’s request for a definition of “ is , ” clearly had his own linguistic issues .
But Glasgow pressed on : “ What is your relationship with him ? ”
Rove said : “ Ah , I know , I would not recognize Greg Rampton if he walked in the door .
We have talked on the phone a var- — a number of times .
Ah , and he has visited in my office once or twice , but we do not have a social or personal relationship whatsoever . ”
Rove ’s famous memory , which recalls precinct results from 100 - year - old presidential elections , often seems trained only to serve his political ends .
In an interview with me after the 2000 presidential election , Rove said he did not remember meeting with Rampton at all .
But in fact , Rove had met with Rampton — and he even disclosed it on a questionnaire after George H.W. Bush nominated him to the Board for International Broadcasting .
In sworn documents , Rove stated that he met with Rampton in 1990 during the investigation of Hightower — an encounter that surely fits the definition of “ know . ”
Rove ’s memory also made some creative leaps during a pretrial hearing in 1993 .
Travis County Dist .
Atty .
Ronnie Earle was preparing to prosecute Rove client Kay Bailey Hutchison , who was the Texas state treasurer .
A grand jury had indicted her for allegedly using government phones and computers to raise campaign money .
When law enforcement officers raided the treasurer ’s building to confiscate evidence , reporters documented the whole thing .
Hutchison ’s attorneys filed for a change of venue because of a perceived political and media imbalance , which they insisted made a fair trial impossible in Austin .
Rove , called to the stand to offer evidence of bias against Republicans , told the court that two reporters had informed him that they were tipped off to the raid by D.A. investigators .
Under oath , Rove named David Elliot of the Austin American - Statesman and Wayne Slater from the Dallas Morning News as the reporters .
Both men later told me they had n’t spoken with Rove , nor had they told anyone they had received a tip from the D.A. 's office .
They had gotten a call from staffers at the treasurer ’s office , which is precisely how all of the other journalists , including myself , learned about the raid .
If Rove winds up under oath before Congress , members will get a command performance by a man with masterful communications skills .
They can expect to hear artful impressions , bits of information and a few stipulated facts .
But they should not expect the truth .
This is really something , folks .
The US Department Of Health And Human Services released a report of what the most depressing jobs are .
To be honest with you , I am not all that shocked .
But next time I go to McDonalds , I 'm thinking of giving a big hug to their depressed employees .
Here is the list , anyway :
1. Personal Care and Service 10.8 %
2. Food Preparation and Serving Related 10.3 %
3. Community and Social Services 9.6 %
4. Healthcare Practitioners and Technical 9.6 %
5. Arts , Design , Entertainment , Sports , and Media 9.1 %
6. Education , Training , and Library 8.7 %
7. Office and Administrative Support 8.1 %
8. Building and Grounds Cleaning and Maintenance 7.3 %
9. Financial 6.7 %
10 . Sales and Related 6.7 %
[ Source - Past Year Major Depressive Episode ( MDE ) among Full - Time Workers Aged 18 to 64 , by Occupational Categories ]
In other ( weird ) news :
Pepsi , Coke Rivalry Becomes Physical When Pepsi Deliveryman Punches His Coke Counterpart In The Face At A Pa. Wal - Mart
Not Your Ordinary Bum - Homeless man is chess king of Washington
The Ad That Sold Twenty Six Thousand Ties
by JAMES MILLS
Last updated at 08:14 05 April 2007
She 's watched the movie hundreds of times , seen the West End show and even has a lunchbox featuring the magical flying car .
Now , thanks to her husband and four years of oil , sweat and tears , Carolyn Pointing has her own full - size Chitty Chitty Bang Bang .
The 42 - year - old police constable , who fell in love with the film as a three - year - old , said : " It 's a dream come true . "
Scroll down for more pictures ...
Husband Nick , 41 , a manager for Marks & Spencer , spent every spare minute building his creation using the chassis of an old Land Rover .
Now the couple , from Sandown , Isle of Wight , plan to take a 12 - month career break and tour the world with the car raising money for charity .
Mr Pointing said : " I had already taken Carolyn to the London stage show , bought the DVD and a toy model so in a way this was the logical next step .
" Early one Sunday morning as we sat up in bed discussing Chitty Chitty Bang Bang , I said , ' All right , I 'll build you one then ! ' "
Mr Pointing taught himself how to weld and started work on the car in 2003 .
The project has dominated their lives ever since .
He said : " Chitty has been our main focus - everything has revolved around it .
" I went to various firms for help , but when they heard I wanted to build a replica of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang they looked at me as if I was a nut .
So I 've done it all myself .
" It 's cost me thousands of pounds but I do n't like to think of the final figure .
I 've also spent most weekends working on the car from dawn to dusk - it 's been a real labour of love . "
The book of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang was written by James Bond author Ian Fleming and published in 1964 .
The film was released four years later with author Roald Dahl working on the screenplay .
The story is about an eccentric professor called Caractacus Potts , played in the film by Dick Van Dyke , who invents the flying car .
Sally Ann Howes plays Truly Scrumptious , who befriends the professor as they rescue imprisoned children in the land of Vulgaria .
To create his own Chitty , Mr Pointing bought a 1973 Series 3 Land Rover for £ 100 and stripped it down to the 2.3 - litre engine and the chassis .
Then , using stills from the movie and a Corgi model as a guide , he crafted the body of the car using wood from a boatyard and shaped the cylindrical metal bonnet using steel rollers .
Period car parts were acquired at classic car auctions at the National Motor Museum , in Beaulieu , Hampshire , while he also utilised several bits from an old Mitsubishi Galant and parts from a Singer sewing machine .
Lamps from the M&S homeware department were used for the headlights .
The car has a brass fuel tank and its windscreen comes from an MG sports car .
To complete the look , Mr Pointing ordered a set of spoked wheels from Italy costing £ 1,500 and spent hours in his garage crafting the 6ft redandyellow wings from aluminium .
This week the finished car passed its MoT and the couple are ready for the trip of a lifetime as they drive 12,000 miles to Australia - via India - to raise money for the Earl Mountbatten Hospice , Multiple Sclerosis Society and the World Wildlife Fund .
The drive is expected to take four months .
Mrs Pointing has collected a huge array of Chitty Chitty Bang Bang memorabilia , including some of the original 1960s merchandise such as pop-up books and board games .
She said her 16 - year - old daughter Michelle thinks she is " sad " .
" She told me the other day I should get out more . "
( Fortune Magazine ) --
One of the core principles of the U.S. medical profession is the Hippocratic oath , the most famous part of which is " Do no harm . "
It 's too bad that the governors of the Federal Reserve Board do n't have to take such a pledge when they assume office , because their recent interest rate cut has done a lot of harm to those of us who 've managed our finances prudently .
Even though the Fed 's stated reason for cutting short - term interest rates by half a point was to help keep the economy from falling into recession , anyone who 's been paying attention knows that a major motivation - if not the major motivation - was to try to calm the turbulence that has been roiling the markets since August .
The players in the biggest trouble , of course , were the ones who'd taken the biggest fliers in junk mortgages , ultra-risky leveraged buyouts , and other financial esoterica that proved to be malignant .
The stock market , which had been begging for a bailout and has n't ever seen an interest rate cut that it did n't like , responded to the Fed 's half - pointer by running prices up .
Ben Bernanke , the Street decided , is just what the doctor ordered .
However , if you look at the financial markets ' overall reaction to the Fed move - not at just the stock market 's reaction - you realize that as a result of the cut , those of us who keep score in dollars and did n't need to be bailed out are less wealthy than we were in terms of anything other than our home currency .
Why ?
Because the rate cut contributed heavily to the dollar 's recent sharp drop in the currency markets - parity with the Canadian dollar , for God 's sake ! - and to the price spike in hard assets like gold , silver , copper , and oil .
So our wealth , relative to these other things , has diminished .
And wait , there 's more .
Even though the Fed has cut short - term rates , long - term rates , which it does n't control , have risen in reaction to the cut .
So whatever economic benefits may flow from lower shortterm rates will be partly offset by the rise in long rates , which are at least as important to the economy as short rates .
Finally , consider this .
Even though Bernanke 's cut may mean that some junk mortgages will reset at lower rates , the cost of large , high - quality fixed - rate mortgages , which are tied to long rates , will be higher than they 'd otherwise be .
( Yeah , penalize the people who are prudent - way to go ! )
When I talk about prudent people being penalized , I do n't mean just the decline in their wealth in terms of anything other than the dollar .
I 'm also talking about the price paid by investors who would n't play the subprime mortgage game and thus got lower returns than players who took bigger risks .
The folks who did n't get carried away ( and avoided huge losses ) look smart today - but they looked prudish and foolish until the housing bubble finally popped .
Look , as I 've said before - and will probably say again - the Fed 's job is to protect the financial system .
It does n't dare let a giant financial institution fail , lest it drag down other big players and trigger cascading failures .
But if we taxpayers are going to bail out the likes of Countrywide Financial ( Charts , Fortune 500 ) , even indirectly , I 'd like us to get a market return on our money .
That would reward us for the risk we 're taking and seriously penalize companies that so overindulge that they need Dr. Ben 's Magical Money Elixir .
Let 's get the Treasury to negotiate deals like Bank of America 's ( Charts , Fortune 500 ) with Countrywide in August , when the bank put up $ 2 billion and got a high current coupon and a below - market conversion option .
The Treasury could do what it did years ago with Chrysler and get stock - purchase warrants in return for guaranteeing loans to companies that we can't afford to let fail .
The idea would be to reward U.S. taxpayers and send a message to gunslingers without risking a worldwide financial collapse .
This different way of thinking wo n't cure Wall Street of its " heads I win , tails I get bailed out " syndrome - but it will reduce the number of bailouts and mitigate the harm they now do to those of us who have n't overreached .
If Hippocrates were in the investment business , I 'm sure he 'd totally approve .
| Environment|
Periyar discolouration : state board slammed
M Suchithra
- On September 6 , the waters of the Periyar , the largest river in Kerala , suddenly changed colour into red .
The discolouration occurred at Paathaalam Bund near Eloor which houses the Udyogamandal Industrial Estate .
Due to tidal waves , the discoloured water flowed upstream ( Eloor is just 17 kms from the Arabian sea ) triggering a scare in the region that it might get into the drinking water system through the local pumping station and possibly even the water supply system in the entire Kochi region .
The Ernakulam district administration asked the Kerala Water Authority to be extremely vigilant .
Health officials were asked to be on guard .
The district collector A P M Mohammed Hanish asked the Pollution Control Board ( Secretary , S D Jayaprasad ) to report immediately on the reasons for discolouration .
Though no toxicological testing was done this time , for the residents of Eloor - Edayar region the discolouration of the river and massive fish kills are not a new phenomenon .
In the last nine months discolouration occurred 25 times and fish kills occurred thrice .
On 7 September , the day after the most recent discolouration , a fish kill occurred in Kadammakkudi , a neighbouring village .
For many years they have been suffering from the indiscriminate discharge of toxic effluents by the industrial units .
The Environmental Impact Assessment ( EIA ) Report submitted in March 2006 by the Local Area Environmental Committee ( LAEC ) , which was set up on the direction of the Supreme Court Monitoring Committee on Hazardous Wastes ( SCMC ) in 2004 , reveals the deplorable condition of the
In the last nine months discolouration occurred 25 times and fish kills occurred thrice
The report revealed that the soil , water bodies and the wetlands in and around Eloor have been contaminated with heavy metals like zinc , lead , cadmium , chromium and persistent organic pollutants like DDT .
Gas emission let into Eloor 's air include acid mists , ammonia and chlorine .
Greenpeace , an international NGO had identified Eloor as one of the toxic hotspots in the world .
A 1999 study done by Greenpeace had revealed that the incidents of diseases like cancer , asthma , congenital disorders and miscarriages have increased in this region .
Subsequent to the latest incidence of discolouration of the river , the residents of Eloor - Edayar region held a People 's Right Declaration Convention at Eloor on September 17 for asserting their right to live , food security , safe water and healthy environment .
The People 's Charter of Demands adopted at the convention called for immediate implementation of an integrated and comprehensive process for decontamination of the river and the surroundings .
It also called for issuing medical cards to all those affected for free medical aid ; stoppage of production of DDT and endosulfan by the public sector Hindustan Insecticides Limited ( HIL ) and payment of compensation by the Centre and World Health Organisation ( WHO ) as the government had set up the HIL on a request by the WHO .
While the sale and use of endosulfan are banned , production is not .
The Charter demanded the relocation of radioactive material ( Thorium ) stored in Eloor by the Indian Rare Earths .
IRE has stacked the material in underground storages just about one and a half metres away from the river inside the company compound .
Significantly , the convention - attended by politicians , trade union leaders , legislators , scientists and environmental activists -- came down heavily on the Kerala State Pollution Control Board ( KSPCB ) for miserably failing to check the toxic contamination of the river .
Most of the speakers pointed an accusing finger at the PCB .
" The PCB has degenerated into an ineffective bureaucracy , " said K Chandran Pillai , MP and CITU leader who inaugurated the convention .
" It lacks will , commitment and right perspective to control pollution .
The Board should be revamped immediately . "
The inaction by the PCB on the report submitted by the LAEC that probed into the reasons of chemical pollution and suggested remedial steps was highlighted in the convention .
" The LAEC submitted its final report after monitoring the functioning of all the factories in the industrial estate for eighteen months .
It was a very comprehensive report .
But the PCB has not taken any action on the basis of this report so far , " says Adv. P K Ibrahim , chairman of the now - defunct LAEC .
" The PCB had not done the basic investigations before giving consent to the units to continue to operate . "
The approvals were made on superficial parameters .
Though the LAEC had recommended revision of parameters of approval , the PCB is yet to do so .
" Instead , it tries to protect the interests of the erring factories , " says Jacob Lazar of People 's Union of Civil Liberties who was a member of the LAEC .
In fact , most factories were forced to set up effluent treatment facilities by the strict monitoring of the LAEC .
But since the term of the Committee was over in March 2006 , some of the factories have once again started clandestine discharging of chemical wastes into the river .
" Why ca n't the PCB force the industrial units to comply with rules and regulations ? " asks Purushan Eloor of the Periyar Malineekarana Virudha Samithi that spearheads the anti-pollution agitations .
" Had it taken stern steps the situation would have been better .
The PCB is the real culprit . "
Going by the track records of the KSPCB , what the convention points out seems to be true .
When the Supreme Court Monitoring Committee on Hazardous Wastes visited Eloor in August 2004 , it had a real shock .
After evaluating the situation , the committee had strongly pulled up the PCB for its indifference and inaction .
Orville and Wilbur Wright are generally credited with being the first in flight .
Whether that 's true depends on your definition of " flight . "
If you mean controlled , powered and sustained heavier - than - air human flight , then that 's what they are known for , but even that may not be quite true , since controlled and sustained are not black - or - white terms .
There were plenty of aviation pioneers working on flying in the nineteenth century ; after all , we had automobiles and balloons and gliders already , many figured it should n't be too difficult to combine them .
And there were some substantial cash rewards up for grabs around the turn of the century .
Félix du Temple de la Croix was a French Naval officer who received a patent for a flying machine in 1857 .
This version never flew , but the steam engine design was successfully used to power boats in later years .
By 1874 , he had developed a lightweight steam - powered monoplane which flew short distances under its own power after takeoff from a ski-jump .
Alexander Fyodorovich Mozhayskiy was a Russian Naval officer who tackled the problem of heavier - than - air flight twenty years before the Wright Brothers .
His 60 - 100 foot hop of 1884 is now considered a power - assisted takeoff , utilizing a ramp for lift .
Since his flatwing monoplane was 75 feet long itself , the event must 've been underwhelming .
Although not considered a real powered flight , Mozhayskiy made some significant breakthroughs in propulsion and steering .
The details of Mozhayskiy 's research have been somewhat obscured due to the Soviet 's use of his story for propaganda purposes .
French inventor Clément Ader distinguished himself as the first to develop stereo sound , among his many engineering innovations .
He was the first to achieve self - propelled flight , with a batwing aircraft powered by a steam engine .
His first flight was around 50 meters , on October 9 , 1890 , a full 13 years before the Wright Brothers !
He then designed a better flying machine that reportedly flew 200 yards in 1892 .
A public demonstration in 1897 apparently ended badly , and Ader lost his Department of War funding .
More pictures here .
American - turned - English citizen Sir Hiram Maxim invented the automatic machine gun and the mousetrap .
He also fought Thomas Edison over the patent for the light bulb .
His airplane , the Maxim Flyer , was enormous .
It had a 104 - foot wingspan , including a 40 - foot center " kite "  section .
A steam engine powered two 18 - foot propellers .
The plane was tethered to a railroad track , so the altitude of flight would not exceed nine inches during tests .
However , on July 31 , 1894 , the plane broke free of the restraint and achieved an altitude of almost five feet !
American Augustus Moore Herring applied for a patent for a man-supporting , heavier - than - air , motorized , controllable flying machine in 1896 .
On October 11 , 1899 , he flew 50 feet in a glider with a compressed air engine in St. Joseph , Michigan , and flew 73 feet on October 22nd , a flight that was witnessed and reported in the local newspaper .
Modern aviation engineers consider Herring 's flights as glider flights ( resembling a hang glider ) , and not a significant advance in aviation .
Gustave Whitehead , a German immigrant to the United States , built several airplanes before the Wrights took their first flight .
A 1935 account in Popular Avation magazine said Whitehead had flown a steam - powered plane as early as 1899 !
He was also reported to have flown a gasoline - powered plane on August 14 , 1901 in Fairfield , Connecticut .
A 1901 newspaper account told the story , but it is the only source from that time period .
A reproduction of the airplane Whitehead used in the 1901 flight ( known as Number 21 ) was built and successfully flight tested in 1997 , pointing to the possibility that he could have flown earlier than the Wright Brothers .
Karl Jatho of Hanover , Germany tested his flat - winged airplane several times between August and November 1903 .
His longest flight was less than 200 feet at an altitude of about 10 feet , but it was still motorized flight , months before the Wright Brothers .
He later improved the plane design and successfully flew longer and higher in 1909 .
The Rev. Burrell Cannon was inspired by the book of Ezekiel when he built the Ezekiel Airship around 1900 , with $ 20,000 from investors .
The first model was destroyed during shipping .
There is no concrete evidence that the second model ever flew , but four witnesses said they saw it fly at an altitude of about 12 feet in 1902 .
The Rev. Cannon was not one of the witnesses , as he was preaching that day when his employee , Gus Stamps , reportedly decided to take a spin in the airship .
There were no photographs , and no repeat performances .
A replica of the Ezekiel Airship is on display at the Depot Museum in Pittsburg .
Texas .
Possibly the best claim to successful powered and controlled flight before the Wright Brothers comes from New Zealand .
Richard Pearse of Waitohi worked on the problem of powered flight beginning in 1899 , and developed an aircraft that quite resembled a modern ultralight .
Pearse would have beaten the Wrights by eight months if he had n't crashed at the end of his 140 meter flight on March 31st , 1903 .
Or maybe it was the lack of photographs , logs , or written records of the flight .
The few eyewitnesses could n't agree on the length of the flight , or even the exact date .
Some accounts place the flight as early as 1902 ; some as late as 1904 .
Since the landing was n't really any rougher than the Wright 's landing during that first flight at Kill Devil Hills , the lack of documentation probably kept Pearse out of most history books .
Orville and Wilbur Wright will always be known as the first fliers for several reasons .
The design of their successful plane was a breakthrough for the curvature of the wings , which provided lift .
They had carefully documented records , photographs , and credible witnesses .
They were masters of publicity and promotion ; for example , taking President Theodore Roosevelt for an airplane ride ( on film ) did n't hurt their reputation a bit .
And there was that feud with the Smithsonian Institution .
The Wright Brothers plane was finally consigned to the Institution in 1948 when the conservators agreed to this stipulation from Orville 's estate :
Neither the Smithsonian Institution or its successors , nor any museum or other agency , bureau or facilities administered for the United States of America by the Smithsonian Institution or its successors shall publish or permit to be displayed a statement or label in connection with or in respect of any aircraft model or design of earlier date than the Wright Aeroplane of 1903 , claiming in effect that such aircraft was capable of carrying a man under its own power in controlled flight .
The science of aviation also owes a lot to the research of those who built planes but never successfully flew .
The history of aviation is full of colorful characters , many of whom developed pieces of what eventually became our modern airplanes .
Such breakthroughs , of course , continued after the Wright Brother 's flight of 1903 and still continue today , but those earliest flights were the most exciting .
Special thanks to Bill for research on this article .
Needless to say , natural baby skin care is best for babies since it ’s free of preservatives and chemicals .
Products for adults may be too harsh for a baby and may contain irritants or allergens .
Skin Care for Baby
Many parents like to use lotions for the sweet baby smell ; however , perfumes can be irritating to an infant ’s skin and cause allergic reactions .
While rashes and bumps are normal , some rashes may be a sign of a problem or infection .
Diaper rash can be irritating to the baby and needs to be treated .
If you have concerns about a rash , or your baby is uncomfortable or has a fever , call your pediatrician .
Generally speaking powders should be avoided , but if you do use a powder put the powder in your hand and then apply it to the baby ’s skin .
Shaking powder into the air releases particles which can make it hard for the baby to breathe .
In between baths , parents should take care to keep baby ’s face and bottom very clean .
Sponge baths are best at first .
Full immersion should wait until the baby ’s umbilical cord falls off , and a baby boy ’s circumcision heals , to prevent infection .
Do the baby ’s laundry separately from the rest of the family ’s .
Regular laundry detergents may cause irritation to a baby ’s delicate skin .
Even if you using a detergent specifically for baby laundry , it is a good idea to do an extra rinse cycle to remove any residue .
Changing Diapers
Diaper rash is caused by prolonged exposure to bacteria and moisture .
When you remove a wet diaper , just rinse your baby ’s bottom off with a wet washcloth or diaper wipe .
After you clean the rear , cleanse the genital area by wiping front to back with a wet cloth .
In boys , stool can hide under the scrotum , so rinse carefully there .
If you have a girl , carefully clean the creases of the vaginal lips ( labia ) .
DIY Diaper Rash Ointment
2 tablespoons of dried chickweed
2 tablespoons of dried comfrey
2 cups of olive oil
1 1/2 ounces beeswax
1/2 teaspoon benzoin
Baby Shampoo
Wash your baby ’s hair once or twice a week with a special baby shampoo that does n’t sting the eyes .
Do n’t be concerned about hurting the fontanelle ( soft spot on the head ) .
It is well protected .
Lotions , Ointments , and Powder
Newborn skin normally does not require any ointments or creams .
Especially avoid putting any adult lotions or creams because this will almost always block the small sweat glands and lead to pimples or a heat rash .
Use a lotion specifically for babies .
You can use cornstarch powder preventing rashes in areas of friction , but avoid talcum powder because it can cause pneumonia if inhaled into the lungs .
( " Leaked Military " waterboarding instructions , may be inappropriate for work )
To highlight just how depraved some conservatives have become , consider the latest piece from Deroy Murdock , a contributing editor to the National Review .
While some on the right have defended waterboarding as a necessary evil in a ticking - time - bomb scenario , Murdock went much further , arguing , “ Waterboarding is something of which every American should be proud . ”
Though clearly uncomfortable , waterboarding loosens lips without causing permanent physical injuries ( and unlikely even temporary ones ) .
If terrorists suffer long - term nightmares about waterboarding , better that than more Americans crying themselves to sleep after their loved ones have been shredded by bombs or baked in skyscrapers .
In short , there is nothing “ repugnant ” about waterboarding .
Remember , this is n’t some random crazy person ranting on a street corner ; this is a published column in one of the nation ’s biggest conservative political magazines .
For what it ’s worth , Media Matters did some fact - checking , and found that Murdock — surprise , surprise — does n’t know what he ’s talking about .
But stepping back and considering the big picture , one question emerges : what is wrong with these people ?
Top U.S. phone company AT&T is eyeing a wireless acquisition in India , a market it is focusing on as a key growth opportunity , the Wall Street Journal reported in its online edition .
The report , citing people familiar with the situation , said AT&T was also looking to significantly expand its Internet and phone services to businesses in India .
AT&T Chief Executive Randall Stephenson was quoted as saying he saw the country as a " multibillion - dollar revenue opportunity . "
Stephenson , who took over from Ed Whitacre in June , also said in the Journal report that he is seeking partnerships in Dubai and plans to bid on wireless spectrum in an upcoming auction in Qatar .
Stephenson said in an interview with Reuters earlier in the year that the company was open to buying overseas assets .
AT&T launched a commercial business in India earlier this year .
Last year it became the first foreign carrier to secure a license for long - distance and international services in India under a revised policy that allows foreigners to own up to 74 % of their Indian units .
Jak zabránit islamizaci Západu
Nazvěme to , jak chceme , ale evropská města pomalu přestávají být evropská .
Staré paláce a kostely ještě stojí na svém místě , ale čím dál nepřehlédnuteln ěji jim konkurují mešity …
Neevropský živel , zpočátku spíš plachý a svého si hledící , se stále hlasitěji začíná domáhat svých práv , včetně takových , na jaká by si ve svých domovských zemích ani neodvážil pomyslet .
V mnoha čtvrtích už převládl a vtiskl jim svůj ne každému příjemný svéráz ; i opouští původní obyvatelstvo taková místa a zdá se být otázkou času , kdy se roztroušené enklávy arabsko - afrického mravu slijí v souvislé celky a promění svá snadno získaná práva v moc politickou i soudní .
Což by se ještě dalo s povzdechem marnosti přijmout : jakáž pomoc , populačně lenivého evropského obyvatelstva ubývá a schodek musí nahradit přist ěhovalci odjinud , aby měl kdo přispívat do sociálních pokladen .
Nebo tak aspoň je ten znepokojivý jev omlouván těmi , jejichž ideálem je multikulturní společnost .
A kdyby aspoň přist ěhovalecká obec chtěla být opravdu multikulturní , ale ona není .
Zajisté v ní tvoří nemalý díl křesťané etiopští , libanonští i všelijací jiní , zástupci věrouk indických a dálněvýchodních ; ti však její ráz neudávají , ten je dán témě ř výlučně mnohem razantněji vystupujícícm islámem .
Liberální konejšitelé by nás ovšem poučili , že ani islámu není proč se bát , jelikož naprostá většina muslimů jsou lidé pokojní a snášenliví , to jen mizivý zlomeček představují ti , kteří nám a našemu životnímu způsobu hrozí zničením .
A třeba i představují .
Potíž a původ všeho neštěstí je v tom , že jsou to oni , kdo v té muzice udává takt .
Smírná , pokojná část muslimské obce snad jejich násilnický program neschvaluje , na jejich akcích se nepodílí , ale také proti nim nic nepodniká , neprotestuje a nedemonstruje , a vůbec už se nedá čekat , že by stála na straně nás nevěřících , až dojde na lámání chleba .
Rostoucí část domácí společnosti je tím vývojem , kdo by se chtěl divit , znepokojená .
Své výhrady zatím vyjadřuje vesměs jen na internetových stránkách – v tisku se dostane ke slovu pouze výjimečně – ale i to se začíná měnit .
Příkladem může být demonstrace na protest proti islamizaci Evropy , již k šestému výročí 11 . září 2001 svolala do Bruselu organizace Pax Europa .
Nutno hned uvést , že dopadla nevalně .
Bruselský starosta Freddy Thielmans ji zakázal stejně jako na totéž datum ohlášenou demonstraci Arabsko - evropské ligy ( AEL ) v čele s prohlášeným džihádistou Abú Jahjou – aspoň se tedy nenaplnila obava , že politicky arcikorektní pan starosta demonstraci proti islamismu zakáže , islamistickou však povolí .
Přívrženci Pax Europy se nedbajíce zákazu přesto sešli , ale bylo jich málo a vmísily se mezi ně značně nedůvěryhodné živly , čímž se místo zamý šleného ú činku dostavil spíš jeho opak .
Jak multikulturalisté , tak kazatelé džihádu se tím mohou cítit potvrzeni .
Škoda , řekl bych .
Prostou rovnicí , do níž dosadíme muslimskou rozplozovací zdatnost a ochablost Evropanů v témže oboru , dojdeme snadno k výsledku , že někdy v půli tohoto století se dosavadní muslimská menšina v podstatné části starého kontinentu stane většinou .
Jestli pak bude s námi Staroevropany zacházet dle všech pravidel demokracie a humanity , jich ž se teď při každé příležitosti dovolává … věř tomu , kdo chceš .
Jsou snad lidé , kterým je jedno , jak dopadne jeho vlastní civilizace , ale jsou i tací , jimž její osud leží na srdci víc .
Je jich , jak vše naznačuje , dokonce většina , a zaslouží si , aby byli aspoň slyšeni .
Jde o to , jak .
Byl bych toho názoru , že protestní demonstrace není právě nejvhodnější prostředek .
Je to metoda silně už zdiskreditovaná těmi , kteří demonstrují pořád a proti všemu , takže si uvážlivější , ke konzervatismu tíhnuvší občan ( a takoví bývají ti , kteří dovedou myslet na desítiletí dopředu ) řekne – ach , dejte mi svátek pořád s nějakými randály .
Kdepak , k demonstraci za zachování měšťansko - demokratického světa se nikdy neshromáždí ty zlobou říjící masy jako k demonstraci za jeho zbourání .
Ale dejme tomu , že by se nějaké masy shromáždily , protože znepokojenost postupem islámu i slepotou politických kruhů už skutečně dosáhla stupně , jejž nelze ignorovat .
To by ovšem z pochodujícího zástupu nesměl zaznít jediný nenávistný výkřik , jediná výzva , již by bylo možno kvalifikovat jako rasistickou , xenofobní či neonacistickou : nechceme bojovat proti islámu , muselo by znít motto takového představení , ale také nemíníme přijmout jeho krutá a ponižující pravidla .
Jeho pokojnost a ohleduplnost by musely překonávat vše , co je schopen nabídnout Řád katolických panen ; v tom případě ovšem počítejme s tím , že si džihádisté to chování budou vykládat jako známku zbabělosti a jejich výbojné sebevědomí ještě vzroste .
Nic si nenamlouvejme ; pořadatelé takové demonstrace stěží dokáží zabránit tomu , aby se na ní nepřiživily tlupy holohlavých zabedněnců s jejich antisemitským povykováním a vyčichlou hitlerovskou symbolikou .
To je ovšem právě to , nač s radostí čekají jak radikální islamisté , tak politicky korektní kazatelé .
Vidíte ?
Neonacismus !
Rasismus !
Islamofobie !
Fuj , hanba !
Ne , s demonstracemi si nehrajme , hystericky pořvávat , vymýšlet bezobsažná hesla a fráze , v tom jsou naši protivníci mnohem lepšími mistry , v té soutěži s nimi musíme vždy prohrát .
Místo toho přemýšlejme , jak by početnější , ale dobrý tón udávajícími kruhy ostrakizovaná část veřejnosti mohla dát najevo svůj názor bez shora zmíněných rušivých vlivů a také ú činn ěji .
Řešení nemusí být tak obtížné , jak se zdá .
Z různých opatrně , ale přece jen provedených průzkumů vyplývá , že počet lidí znepokojených vyhlídkou na zislamizovanou Evropu v poměru k těm , kteří se buď nechávají unášet multikulturní iluzí , nebo jim je všechno jedno , lze vyjád řit zhruba poměrem 3:1 .
Zadruhé žijeme , jak známo , v demokracii .
Ne sice v kdovíjak ideální , kastovní i soukromé zájmy partajního činovnictva v ní platí mnohem víc než zájem poddaného voliče , ale právě toho lze využít .
Neboť partajní profesionál poběží vždy tam , kde mu kyne znovuzvolení a další pobyt u plných mís , zásady nezásady , korektnost nekorektnost .
Zatím zůstávají nejosvědčenější udičkou k ulovení voličského souhlasu sliby sociálních jistot , zam ěstnanosti , bezplatného toho či onoho , které nemohou být splněny , leda by některá partaj získala alchymistický recept na přeměnu žvástů ve zlato .
Nepochybujme však , že se vše změní tou hodinou , kdy se volebním tématem č. 1 stane nikoli otázka přilepšeníček ze státní kasičky , nýbrž holého bytí a nebytí .
Tehdy uzříme , jak se naši volení zástupci jmou dout do všech mediálních trub týmiž slovy , z nichž by dnes ani slabiku nevyslovili , aby si nevysloužili nálepku fašistoidního extremisty .
Pročež tedy : udělujme své voličské hlasy osobám a stranám , s nimiž jsme v tom ohledu udělali pozitivní zkušenost .
Těm , které aspoň v náznacích projevily tutéž starost , jaká nenechává v klidu nás , starost o příští osud západní civilizace .
Nemusí to být hudba budoucnosti : ve Švýcarsku a ve vlámské části
Belgie jsou už dnes nejsiln ějšími stranami ty , které takovou starost akcentují .
Pochopiteln ě jsou za to rozhořčeně štemplovány razítky rasismu , xenofobie , fašismu a jinou tomu podobnou titulaturou , avšak bez velkého ú spěchu ; jest obtížno uvěřit , že občanskou většinu tvoří fašisté , kde žto jediné správné myšlení má pro sebe zpachtované kázavá intelektuální skupinka .
V podstatně nižší míře , ale občas přece , se s takovými názory ozvou i jiné evropské strany , najmě strany nesocialistické a nezelené ; to nevyplývá z jejich ideologie , v této souvislosti nedůležité , nýbrž ze skutečnosti , že levice , ztrácející v důsledku stárnutí evropské populace své tradiční voličstvo , se dala do námluv mezi přist ěhovalci .
Strany měšťansko - konzervativní se jich do té míry neúčastní ; pozorujme je proto , a bude - li proč , odměňme je svými hlasy .
Nebude - li proč , pokusme se jim vysvětlit příčinu naší zdráhavosti .
Lze ovšem předpokládat , že časem vzniknou i další strany a straničky , stavící svou existenci na odporu proti islamizaci Evropy .
Nezříkejme se jich , ale pozorujme je obzvlášť bedlivě , abychom s nimi nedopadli jako organizátoři bruselské demonstrace .
Vypjatý , kdekoho obviňující nacionalismus , vyřizování účtů z šera dějin , antisemitismus a antiamerikanismus – je pozoruhodné , jak snadno se spolu páří tyto dvě zdánlivě protichůdné odrůdy politické tupohlavosti – cokoliv takového se někde vynoří , je nutno bez zaváhání odmítnout .
Ne , pánové , naším cílem není se vyřádit a vykřičet , nýbrž podniknout něco konkrétního pro zachování našeho civilizačního způsobu , jejž nemůže nahradit neplodné a ustrnulé učení Prorokovo .
Dost možná je už pozdě k napravování hříchů , jich ž se dopustili naši naivní předchůdci , když otevřeli brány Evropy chaotické imigraci dokořán , ale přesto .
Kdo se ubírá do zániku bez odporu , zaslouží si jej .
Vím zajisté , že píši tyto řádky z hlediska občana jedné z evropských zemí , v nichž už proces islamizace znatelně pokročil a vzbuzuje oprávněné obavy .
Česk ý člověk zatím může mávat rukou – nějací mohamedáni , co nám je do nich , máme jiných starostí dost .
Jenže prozíravý občan by měl myslet dál než jen k dnešní večeři nebo do příštích voleb , jak je zvykem politiků .
Měl by se , je - li zodpovědný , zasazovat o snesitelný život nejen svůj , nýbrž i svých dětí a vnuků .
V tom zájmu by se neměl omezit pouze na oteplování atmosféry a tání ledovců , jak se stalo příkazem současnosti , nýbrž rozšířit svou předvídavost i na otázku , bude - li v kolébce západní civilizace za nějakých padesát let ještě proč žít , ať už s ledovci nebo bez nich .
Může se totiž snadno stát , že nebude ; že jako už tolik generací , i naši potomci se budou divit , jací příšerní pitomci museli být jejich dědové , když viděli kvačící nebezpečí v kdečem , jen ne v tom , co se přihnalo jako rmutná vlna a pohřbilo jejich svět .
Leda s tím rozdílem , že z předchozích vln Západ pokaždé ještě nějak vyplul , svůj životní způsob zachránil , by ť ne beze škod .
Tentokrát může být ortel osudu konečný .
Luděk Frýbort – Hannover
Vážení čtenáři , Atllanka je i na Facebooku , kde je součástí mnoha různých skupin .
Pokud máte zájem a chcete v diskuzi vyjád řit svůj názor na přečtený text , obrázek , video či informaci , nebo jen prostě chcete šířit dál , tu u „ vrchnosti “ tolik nepopulární , pravdu , pak neváhejte , přidejte se : pište a nebo jen čtěte , rádi vás na našich stránkách a ve skupinách uvítáme .
Jde především o Vaši budoucnost , tak nestůjte mimo
Související texty :
Upozornění redakce :
Podtrhaná slova v textu jsou odkazy , které jsou důležité , čtěte tedy prosím i je .
Pod celým textem pak jsou odkazy vedoucí na články související s tématem , text doplňují , nebo jsou jeho pokračováním .
Nemáte - li čas číst texty na našem webu pořádně , nečtěte nás raději vůbec !
Děkujeme .
Čtěte také :
Navštivte archiv text ů
Vstup do diskuze zde
Zhlédněte Inkubátor Atllanky Atllanka Vás vítá – Welcome
Komentáře na našem webu se zobrazují s určitým zpožděním , omlouváme se Vám , ale je to nezbytná ochrana před hulváty a hlavně před reklamním spamem …
jaggni to !
Linkuj.cz
« «« Předchozí text : Xenofobie , Fitna , Kocáb a Včelí medvídci Následující text : Bílé hyeny , černí Cikáni a Josef Klíma » » »
Atllanka | Čtvrtek 13 . 08 .
2009 , 12.16 | EU , Politika , Islamizace | trvalý odkaz | vytisknout | 3864 x
Film director George Lucas has begun work on a live action TV spin - off from the Star Wars movies , it emerged yesterday .
However , the project does not include any Skywalkers or other familiar characters from the six hit films .
" The Skywalkers are n't in it , and it 's about minor characters , " Lucas said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times .
" It has nothing to do with Luke Skywalker or Darth Vader or any of those people .
It 's completely different .
But it 's a good idea , and it 's going to be a lot of fun to do . "
Lucas admitted such an approach was " taking chances " and that TV network executives would not necessarily be convinced .
" They are having a hard time , " he added .
" They 're saying , ' This does n't fit into our little square boxes , ' and I say , ' Well , yeah , but it 's Star Wars .
And Star Wars does n't fit into that box . ' "
The Star Wars universe has already spawned many side - plots and lore beyond the original films , through official books , comics and games .
Lucas is also working on a separate TV project , a computer - animated series called Star Wars : The Clone Wars .
Producer Rick McCallum has begun to interview writers for the live action series , according to the LA Times .
The first Star Wars film - which became episode four in the sequence - was released in 1977 , followed by The Empire Strikes Back ( 1980 ) and Return of the Jedi ( 1983 ) .
Lucas revived the series in 1999 with The Phantom Menace , the first of a prequel trilogy completed by Attack of the Clones ( 2002 ) and Revenge of the Sith ( 2005 ) .
It ’s a sad day and a good day .
For years I ’ve held onto my IE install out of love .
I worked on IE 1.0 thru 5.0 , and was one of the people that designed much of its UI .
But my love for the past has faded .
Last week I switched to Firefox : and I ’ve been happy .
Why I switched :
IE is a ghetto .
There are specs I wrote for UI features in 1998 that are unchanged today , 7 years later , in a world where browser usage has changed dramatically .
I ’ve watched bugs that I fought to have fixed in 5.0 become regressions , appearing in 5.01 and surviving in 6.0 .
Even though it ’s the product I was proudest of , using it now makes me sad – it ’s been left behind .
I do read the IE blog now and again – smart folks are working – but there ’s nothing for me to install .
Bookmarks work .
The Favorites UI model in IE is the same one we built in 1997 , when we knew most of our users had 20 - 40 favorites .
It was made to be super simple and consumer friendly as most of the population was still new to the net .
This UI is effectively broken today , designed for people that do n’t exist .
The Favorites menu and Favorites bar show links in different orders , the organize favorites dialog is just weird , multiselect does n’t work : favorites is a sad forgotten place .
This was by far my greatest frustration with IE , even though I ’m responsible for much of the original design .
Firefox has quality & polish .
IE 5.0 , for its time ( 1999 ) , was a high quality release .
Really , it was .
Joe Peterson , Hadi Partovi and Chris Jones fought hard to give the team time to do lots of fit and finish work .
We did fewer features and focused hard on quality and refinement .
Firefox feels to me like what IE 6.0 should have been ( or what i expected it to be after I left the team in ’ 99 ) .
It picked a few spots to build new features ( tabs ) , focused on quality and refinement , and paid attention to making the things used most , work best .
The core UI design is very similiar to IE5 : History / Favorites bars , progress UI , toolbars , but its all smooth , reliable and clean .
They made a mainstream product .
One of the big challenges in designing software is balancing the requests of earlier adopters in the community , with the needs of the majority of more mainstream users .
After playing with mozilla on and off I was afraid firefox would be a built for programmers by programmers type experience .
It ’s not .
I do n’t know who in the firefox org was the gatekeeper on features and UI , but I ’d like to meet him / her / them ( seriously ) .
They did a great job of keeping the user experience focused on the core tasks .
If you ’re reading please say hi .
Security is n’t annoying . .
The press makes security into such a huge deal , but I ’ll be honest .
I do n’t want to think about security at all .
I ’ll do what I need to , but mostly I want the system to take care of it and stay out my face .
Nothing in FF makes me feel safer explicitly , I just do n’t deal with as many warnings , settings and other details .
I know from the PR that security in FF is better ( even if only because it ’s less targeted by spyware , etc. ) but I ’m pleased that the product does n’t remind me of how safe I am all the time .
Problems with Firefox :
I ’m a UI design guy , so many of these are UI related .
( Added note : I ’d used FF on and off , but since I ’m now 100 % some of these are complaints might fade in a month of usage .
Stay tuned ) .
Find UI .
Why does the find dialog appear at the bottom of the screen ?
I agree that a dialog box ( semi- modal ) can be a mistake if you ’re doing multiple searches , but flipping a coin for placement ( top vs. bottom ) , the top is a better choice for any UI , especially if it ’s going to look and act like a toolbar .
I ca n’t move it so it earns a spot on this list .
However , the overall implementation is n’t circa 1992 like the IE one .
It highlights , it searches on type , & it warns on unfound items – nice ..
Download UI .
Here ’s a case where modeless makes sense ( it ’s never my primary user task ) , but here we get a dialog box .
My first crack at this would be a one line toolbar , much like the find bar , at the bottom of the screen telling me about downloads .
That ’s where all the other dl status info goes .
Again , despite my nits , it ’s an improvement on the ancient IE implementation ( which we all hated forever too ) .
Tabs and new windows .
Firefox goes against IE behavior and starts each browser instance from scratch .
IE intentionally brings the browser history into the new window : the bet being that users who want to continue from where they left off can , and those that want to go their home page can do that with one click .
Everytime I hit Cntr - T and see a blank screen I think I ’m in Word .
I use tabs less often than I expected : opening new windows is often more comfortable – easier to track which window lives where .
With multiple tabs ( I find ) the back / forward behavior becomes complex and hard to predict .
Strict UI logic would put the tab UI above the toolbars , not below , but that creates other problems .
Tabs and modality .
The desired illusion of tabs should be to make each tab a virtual browser .
Well this breaks when you bring up a modal dialog within a tab : you ca n’t switch to another tab .
It ’s an annoyance , not a sin , but when it happens it reinforces my new window habit , and slaps my wrist on my growing New tab habit .
The return of the go menu .
It was with great pride that we killed the go menu in IE 5.0 .
It was the stupidest menu I ’d ever seen , since it was never used and no one knew what it did .
For accessibility it was necessary , but had no rights to be a top level menu ( IE has View .
Go ) .
The Go menu was probably inherited from NSCP / mozilla , but it really should be put out to pasture .
And if it stays , someone needs to explain why it shows a different history list than the one in the back button drop down .
For reference : I wrote about principles of browser design here :
How to build a better browser .
( Update : I ’ve responded to many of the comments in a second post . )
Comment [ Microsoft calls its multitouch user interface Surface Computing " a new paradigm " .
We asked a British pioneer in the field to examine the claim .
- ed. ]
This week Microsoft demonstrated a ' multi - touch ' coffee table user interface it calls Surface Computing , and it got the BBC - and some Register readers - very excited .
" The amount of time they spent working on this suggests they did n't just nick it off someone else in the last 18 months " , writes Dan .
" Give credit to Microsoft for being first to a commercial market , " agrees Amy Wohl .
But let 's set the record straight .
Microsoft 's Surface Computing is n't " a new paradigm " , nor is it adding any innovation to an existing paradigm .
Table computing is n't a new market , either , and Microsoft 's demos are years away from being productized .
In fact , according to Bill Buxton - ironically a Principal Researcher at Microsoft 's own research centre - these kinds of multi - touch interfaces have been around for over twenty years .
Perhaps the Surface Computing marketing guys at Microsoft should check out Bill 's web site .
Moreover , perhaps Microsoft and developers like Jeff Han at NYU , who are building these ' old - school ' multi - touch interfaces out of cameras and projectors , should consider the fatal flaw in their ' innovations ' .
This being that all back - projection interfaces are enormous .
Think about it - you 've essentially got a small cinema in a box behind a screen .
Forget mobility and portability .
Is it even moveable ?
Another major concern about this pioneering work , was pointed out by Reg commenter Nick Ryan .
" Notice something about all the examples ?
It 's only used in the dark , which is nice considering that on average it 's dark only 50 per cent of the time ! "
The systems developed by Microsoft and Han do indeed look pretty on YouTube , but more pragmatic developers have known for some years that a successful commercial product would have to be flat and portable .
People just do n't want huge cabinets in the era of mobile computing and flat - screen TV's .
I 've developed several multi- touch interfaces , and I know the problems and challenges .
While Microsoft and Han appear to have been resurrecting ergonomics exercises from the past , other major players , such as Apple , Philips and Toshiba have been thinking hard about how to do multi - touch sensing without resorting to using a camera and a projector .
Apple acquired the multi - touch know - how that is going into their imminent iPhone product from the company Fingerworks , while some interesting developments have come from Toshiba Matsushita who have created a very clever multi- touch LCD display using negligible additional hardware .
Potentially even more exciting is a British company Plastic Logic who seem to have created a flexible pressure - sensitive multi- touch interactive display , surely the Holy Grail of commercial touchscreen technologies .
Just last week Plastic Logic laid the foundation stone of its e-paper fabrication plant in Dresden , expected to be operational in 2008 .
Multitouch : it 's no cinch
A major usability problem that has dogged multi- touch computer interfaces for the last twenty five years is the lack of tactile feedback .
The physical feel of the interface is something you take for granted when using a conventional ' hard ' interface , such as a keyboard .
And when it 's not there , you really miss it , as users of virtual keyboards have discovered to their cost .
This issue may not even be a ' known unknown ' yet for Microsoft .
Some of Apple 's recent patent applications appear to be addressing this issue .
Philips , too , has demonstrated real advances - unveiling a rival coffee table system called an ' Entertaible ' .
This sophisticated table - top games system elegantly combines multi- touch with multi- object sensing , so that physical objects , as well as many hands and fingers , can be tracked by the 32 - inch LCD playing surface .
According to the BBC , " Microsoft said it aimed to produce cheaper versions for homes within three to five years " .
And despite the sterling work of the likes of Philips et al , Microsoft have also claimed to be " the first major technology company to bring surface computing to market in a commercially ready product " .
These conflicting statements seem to raise question marks over quite how far Microsoft have actually got .
Only time will tell whether or not these demos are just smoke , mirrors , cameras and projectors . ®
Andrew Fentem has worked in and human - computer interaction research and hardware development for 15 years .
His Spaceman Technologies is exhibiting a reconfigurable tactile multi-touch and multi-object tracking interface at the Kinetica Museum , the UK's electronic art museum , in London until 29 June 2007 .
ECB Pumps Up Markets With Another 50 Billion
Central Banks Fooling the Public
The ECB's Dilemma
I should also emphasise that ... the ECB and the Eurosystem have been in close contact with other central banks in the world , notably the Federal Reserve System .
While each monetary authority took decisions to attain its own objectives and in line with its own assessment and operational framework , it is unquestionable that this liquidity squeeze which had manifestly global dimensions called for a response with commensurately global cooperation .
According to data on its website the ECB created another 50 billion Euros in a 3 - month repo that drew an average weighted rate of 4.63 % , significantly above its target rate of 4 % .
Do n't expect to find information on the volume of bids on the site of the " transparent " ECB , which also did not announce this repo beforehand to the wider public .
This new transaction reverses almost half of the drain of 114 billion Euros last week .
Money created solely for the purpose of supporting unsupportable securities prices .
It is amazing that central banks appear to be one - trick ponies that try to douse the fire with gasoline .
All that new money - and not a single unit of service or product created .
Do central banks really believe the public can be fooled much longer with wads of paper ?
Fiat money is the cheapest product in the world .
Just go to Zimbabwe , the country of starving millionaires .
Well , the game will go on as long as the general public buys into the ridiculous official inflation rates which are completely out of sync with consumers daily experiences at the cash register .
Based on these unreal inflation rates central banks fix interest rates at levels that are below actual inflation .
The ECB is in a big dilemma .
Its monetary policy is currently failing .
Inflation is above the target rate of 2 % and M3 has been ignored in all policy decisions since the inception of the Euro .
M3 currently grows at 11.7 % annually , more than double the target rate of 4.5 % .
While these indicators would justify a rate hike , such a move could push Europe into a recession .
Export oriented economies like Germany fear any further advances of the Euro .
France , Spain and Italy are on the brink of a recession already .
Any rate hike would burden budgets further .
Taking clues from a speech by vice president Lucas Papademos the ECB will probably sit on its hands at the next council meeting as the turmoil in capital markets is still being evaluated .
It will also depend on others .
Papademos said the ECB holds close contact with the Federal Reserve , raising my suspicion that exchange rates will see huge distortions .
I uphold my statement that precious metals will prove to be the best currencies in the near future - as they have been in the past 6000 years .
Gold reached a new 28 - year high today at $ 745 per ounce .
Programming Languages as Operating Systems ( or , Revenge of the Son of the Lisp Machine )
Matthew Flatt , Robert Bruce Findler , Shriram Krishnamurthi , Matthias Felleisen
ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming , 1999
Abstract
The MrEd virtual machine serves both as the implementation platform for the DrScheme programming environment , and as the underlying Scheme engine for executing expressions and programs entered into DrScheme ’s read - eval - print loop .
We describe the key elements of the MrEd virtual machine for building a programming environment , and we step through the implementation of a miniature version of DrScheme in MrEd .
More generally , we show how MrEd defines a high - level operating system for graphical programs .
Paper
PostScript
Whether or not you want to admit it , trying to stay safe on a fun night out has become more and more dangerous with each passing year , leading many women to search for unique and effective forms of personal security that they can carry with them wherever they go .
However , carrying around a big stun gun or a can of pepper spray is fairly obvious and can make everyone around you feel incredibly uncomfortable to boot .
However , developers understand the need for discreet protection and have now come out with a high quality , sleek stun gun that will shock your friends and criminals with its capacity alike .
If you ’re looking for an ingeniously designed and highly effective piece of personal security , then you ’ll want to check out the Pink Stinger .
This stun gun was developed with women in mind , taking the shape and appearance of an everyday tampon that you can easily hide inside your purse or even a larger wallet .
You wo n’t have to worry at all about carrying around a large and cumbersome piece of equipment as this little blast of power can easily fit in the palm of your hand .
To make it even more convincing , the amazing floral scent that it gives off can really throw off the concerns of potential attackers .
Equipped with 50,000 volts of power , this little pocket sized protector will be able to keep you safe both from close proximity problems and long range concerns .
If your attacker is up close and personal , you can easily use the stun setting which can be activated by contacting the two prods at the end of the device with your assailant .
Once the contact is made , enough energy will be expelled to leave your attacker feeling disoriented and weak , giving you the opportunity you need to get as far away as possible and call for help .
On the other hand , if you ’re trying to take care of an issue that ’s a bit farther away , you could easily use the devices handy zap mode which will allow you to shoot the two extra “ cotton tampons ” out from the device from up to 14 feet away .
This is possible because this protector comes with a compressed nitrogen tank which you can guarantee will give your attacker the shock of their life as they try to catch up with you since the probes from this setting will attach to their body via their clothes or their skin and send the current running through them , which will cause an interruption in their nervous system .
The safety device is battery powered and the batteries are easy to replace inside the pink cartridge itself , meaning you ’ll always have your protection when it matters most .
However , as with any stun gun or extreme form of self protection , making sure that you use the device properly and only in the most dire of situations needs to be your priority .
Keeping yourself safe from harm is , unfortunately , a very real problem that women have to face on a day to day basis .
Whether they ’re trying to head out for a run or an evening with the girls , having some sort of protection on them is just a necessary thing .
However , being able to conceal these devices is also incredibly important and so this handy little device might just be the best option you could think of .
Keep it close at hand all month long to leave your attackers completely blown away starting today .
Left Behind Games , producer of the biblically - apocalyptic Left Behind : Eternal Forces , has issued threatening letters to blogs and websites that have criticized the company 's real - time strategy game .
According to a report on GamePolitics , sites including Gameology , Daily Kos and the Public Theologian have received the letter , which insists the sites remove " false and misleading " comments or face legal repercussions .
Daily
Kos claims that at least one blogger has removed Eternal Forces - related content in order to dodge the threat , but many others have chosen instead to make the intimidation tactic public .
The letter , issued by the law offices of Gordon D. Katz , says that while Left Behind Games " generally supports free speech in the media , " it will not tolerate the spread of false information that may cause harm to the company .
" Left Behind Games Inc. is demanding that you immediately remove any and all information contained on your site about the above stated game that is false and / or misleading , including any such statements or commentary and the responses thereto , " the letter says .
" This includes posted comments made by others in the context of reading the incorrect or misleading statements . "
" If you do not comply immediately , the company will be forced to pursue additional legal action which will include claims for damages , costs of suit and attorney 's fees , " it continues .
" This may subject you and your organization to significant legal and financial damages . "
Oddly , the letter does not specify what " false and misleading " information the company wishes removed .
It does , however , invite recipients of the letter to call the lawyer 's Administrator , Robilyn Lyndon , executive vice - president of Left Behind Games and wife of Left Behind Games CEO Troy Lyndon , which also makes her the client .
Released in 2006 , Left Behind : Eternal Forces has faced criticism both from Christian groups , who decried the game 's intolerance and " convert or die " philosophy , and from game reviewers , the majority of whom slapped the game with average - to - poor reviews over its technical issues ( most of which have since been patched ) and mediocre gameplay .
In retrospect , maybe I should n't have looked .
I was 10 days into playing Dungeon Maker : Hunting Ground – a little RPG I reviewed here last month – and I was poking around the " settings " menu .
I noticed that it had a " time played " option , which shows you how long you 've been toiling away at the game .
Curious , I clicked it .
Thirty - six hours .
Upon which my heart sank into a fathomless pit .
Thirty - six hours ?
How in god 's name had I managed to spend almost four hours a day inside this game ?
I should point out that this was not the only game I 'd been playing during that time .
I 'd also been hip - deep in BioShock and Space Giraffe , so I 'd been planted like a weed in front of my consoles for hours more .
This is a missing - time experience so vast one would normally require a UFO abduction to achieve it .
So the question of the column , and possibly the question of my eternal soul , is :
Is this good thing ?
How much does it change the architecture of your life to spend that much time playing games ?
The dirty secret of gamers is that we wrestle with this dilemma all the time .
We 're often gripped by what I call " gamer regret " – a sudden , horrifying sense of emptiness when we muse on all the other things we could have done with our game time .
Frequently , it 's precipitated by those ghastly " time played " counters .
The " played " command in World of Warcraft is the worst .
I 've known gamers who nearly went into shock after discovering they 'd spent an entire month in - game each year .
( According to Nick Yee 's research , amazingly , this is the average – 20 hours a week of play . )
My gamer regret usually takes the form of drawing up a humiliating list of other , potential activities I 've forgone .
I could have ... volunteered at a local hospital !
Learned a language !
Cleaned up my rats ' nest of an office !
Gotten a head start on a new writing project !
Hell , I could have just , you know , played the guitar or something .
Would n't that have been a less howling waste of my precious time on Earth ?
Sometimes I think the inky depths of gamer regret are linked , in a fiendish calculus , to how totally awesome the game is .
The higher you rise , the lower you fall .
A really superb game sweeps you into its embrace because it offers a seductively controllable alternative to life .
You 're wrestling to master a system – a war , a puzzle , a mystery – that is enormously complex but , unlike the rest of our lives , actually masterable .
Will Shortz , the crossword puzzle expert , once told me that the reason people love pen-and - paper puzzles is that " life presents us with all sorts of problems that do n't have any single answer – but with a crossword , there actually is one answer , and you can find it . "
Yet , just like a crossword addict , when the game is over , we 're left with – what ?
A sense of completion ?
Sure , except what we 've completed could be regarded as a supremely arbitrary , nonproductive task .
The elation I feel when I finish is always slightly tinged with a worrisome sense of hollowness .
Would n't I have been better off doing something that was difficult and challenging and productive ?
Except , wait a minute .
That 's just stupid , Puritan thinking .
Videogames , like crosswords , are a form of play – and play is a key element of a healthy adult existence .
As game theorist Raph Koster has always pointed out , our playful brains love to seek out patterns , to solve problems – and there 's something existentially joyful about doing this in an environment that does n't have any stakes if you screw it up .
Or here 's a more radical way of putting it : Wasting time is one of the central reasons we play .
If play were productive , it would n't be ... play .
Monday Night Football does n't achieve anything either .
On and on it goes , the argument with myself .
Thirty - six hours , what 's wrong with you ?
Hey , I only watch one hour of TV every two weeks .
Everyone 's got their way to chill out , and mine 's far more mentally stimulating than television .
You 're ignoring your family !
No , I 'm not .
When I play games , I do it in the wee hours ; I 'm ignoring sleep .
But that 's not healthy !
Screw being healthy !
All right , so maybe it 's OK to play some videogames , but only in moderation .
Agreed , but what counts as " moderation " ?
The truth is , gamers never settle this internal debate .
We ask the question , only to fail to answer it .
We repress it , only to have it suddenly rise back up and bite us – whereupon we wrestle with it , repress it , rinse and repeat .
And with that , I think I 'm going to head out and sign up for some volunteer work at the local hospital .
- - -
Clive Thompson is a contributing writer for The New York Times Magazine and a regular contributor to Wired and New York magazines .
Look for more of Clive 's observations on his blog , collision detection .
According to Jake , these real - life Google logos / paintings were spotted at their offices in Mountain View , CA .
Click here for more .
( Thanks , Jake )
According to Jake , these real - life Google logos / paintings were spotted at their offices in Mountain View , CA .
Click here for more .
In an important step for the infant field of quantum communications , researchers from the University of Geneva in Switzerland have , for the first time , realized an “ entanglement swapping ” experiment with photon pairs emitted continuously by two different sources .
This experiment is a key facet of quantum entanglement , the strange phenomenon in which two photons or other quantum bodies behave as one unit , even if spatially separate .
Entanglement is at the heart of many proposed quantum information and communications schemes , including quantum computing and encryption .
University of Geneva physicist Matthäus Halder , the experiment 's corresponding scientist , explained to PhysOrg.com , “ Normally , entanglement between two photons is obtained by emitting them simultaneously by the same source .
We 've shown that entanglement can be transferred , or swapped , onto two particles that originated from different sources and were formerly completely independent .
This is the first time that two autonomous photons from continuous sources have been entangled . ”
In their scheme , two independent pairs of entangled photons , A1 - A2 and B1 - B2 , are emitted by autonomous sources .
By taking a joint measurement on one photon in each pair ( A1 and B1 ) , these photons fall into an entangled state ( later verified using detectors ) , one of the four so - called “ Bell states , ” named for physicist John Bell , a key contributor to quantum physics .
The joint measurement is thus known as a Bell - state measurement ( BSM ) , and it is the foundation of the experiment .
As a result of the BSM , the two remaining photons ( A2 and B2 ) are projected on an entangled state despite being unaware of the other 's presence and never having previously interacted .
Hence the entanglement of the initial pairs has been “ swapped . ”
The key element of a successful BSM is the precise timing of the two photon pairs .
This has been obtained , up until now , by using pulsed sources , which send out photons in discrete bunches .
But pulsed sources must be synchronized to emit the photon bunches at an exact time , a very difficult task .
Alternatively , Halder and his colleagues show that continuous photon sources can be used .
These sources do not require any synchronization , and are therefore likely to be much easier to incorporate into future real - world quantum communications systems .
In this case , photons with the proper timing is obtained not when they are emitted , but when they are later detected by separate detectors .
The detectors ' temporal resolution ( the precision of its measurements with respect to time ) allowed Halder and his group to “ post - select ” only those photons that were emitted at the right time .
This research is described in the August 19 , 2007 , online edition of Nature Physics .
Citation : Matthäus Halder , Alexios Beveratos , Nicolas Gisin , Valerio Scarani , Christoph Simon , and Hugo Zbinden , “ Entangling independent photons by time measurement ” Nature Phys , 3 , 692-659 ( 2007 )
Copyright 2007 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Physicists create turnstile for photons
In April 2007 , A List Apart and An Event Apart conducted a survey of people who make websites .
Close to 33,000 web professionals answered the survey ’s 37 questions , providing the first data ever collected on the business of web design and development as practiced in the U.S. and worldwide .
Article Continues Below
33,000 responses is a lot of data .
To make sense of it , An Event Apart commissioned statisticians Alan Brickman and Larry Yu to translate raw data into meaningful findings .
Here we present what they found .
Like many aspects of web design itself , our research process took the form of a dialog and included multiple stages of discovery .
Preliminary findings answered some questions and raised others requiring additional study .
The more we unearthed , the deeper we dug .
The attached report shares everything we learned .
We offer it freely to this community that has given us so much .
For the curious , we also provide an “ anonymized ” version of the raw data .
It contains every answer to every question by every respondent , excluding only personal information — no names , just the facts .
Crunch it yourself and tell us what you find .
We did not learn everything we hoped to .
Ambiguities in some parts of the survey yielded ambiguities in some data .
After an analysis of the survey itself , we now possess detailed recommendations for improving future surveys .
The findings we present here have never been seen before , because until now , no one has ever conducted public research to learn the facts of our profession .
This report is not the last word on web work ; it is only the beginning of a long conversation .
Read , reflect , and let us hear from you .
Findings From the Web Design Survey ( 1.6 MB PDF )
Note :
This PDF has been tagged for accessibility , however the graphics representing the complex charts do not yet have equivalents .
An updated document will be available soon .
The Raw Data#section2
Crunch your own numbers .
Anonymized raw data is provided in a variety of formats :
The Prize Winners#section3
By random drawing , the following survey respondents have won prizes :
Allison Klein , free ticket , An Event Apart design conference
Scott Smith , 80 GB Apple iPod Classic
Apple iPod Classic Hannah Sheffield , An Event Apart jump drive
Jon Petto , A List Apart T - shirt
Prizes were donated by A List Apart , An Event Apart , and Happy Cog Studios .
The importance of this video clip comes from Rudy 's attacks on Welfare and the poor when he was mayor : " Judge Delays Giuliani Plan On Welfare "
Ruling that the Giuliani administration had overlooked the ' ' urgent needs ' ' of the poor in its zeal to overhaul welfare , a Federal judge barred city officials yesterday from expanding their tough new welfare policies until they can guarantee prompt access to food stamps and Medicaid applications ... read on
Download Download
The video comes from the movie " Giuliani Time . "
John Bynes , who called in and complained to Giuliani because he needed food stamps and medication to live at a time when Rudy 's policies were having dire consequences to people like John .
Rudy just laughs him off ... UP : Did Rudy know about John 's condition ?
Probaby not , but he knew what was happening to people just like John who got caught up in the cross -hairs of his policies ...
Washington Post
" When " Giuliani Time " gives a glimpse of this Giuliani , it 's mesmerizing .
So , the smiling mayor fields a phone call during his weekly radio show .
The caller is angry about city cuts to food stamps and Medicare aid for the disabled .
Hizzoner is a pit bull to the chase .
" Hey , John , " Giuliani tells his caller , " what kind of hole are you in ?
There 's something that 's really wrong with you .
. . .
We 'll send you psychiatric help because you really need it . "
As it happens , the caller , John Hynes , needs real help .
A disabled lawyer , he suffers from Parkinson 's disease , and he's had his benefits cut off and he 's running out of medicine .
Nothing chills the blood so thoroughly as the sight of a powerful man turned gleeful bully . "
The more time there is , Rudy 's record will be known and he wo n't be the white knight of the GOP .
( Big h/t to Arlen of the Daily Back Ground )
In the software industry , the release of newer , better versions is part of the natural order .
It 's a relentless march towards perfection that started with the first personal computers , and continues today .
We expect software to get larger and more sophisticated over time , to track with the hardware improvements that Moore 's law has provided us for so many years .
Rapid evolution is a good thing , and it's one reason the computer industry is so exciting to work in .
If you do n't like the way things are today , just wait five years ; everything will be different .
Letts ' Law :
All programs evolve until they can send email .
Zawinski's Law : Every program attempts to expand until it can read mail .
Furrygoat 's Law : Every program attempts to expand until it can read RSS feeds .
I love the prospect of upgrading my favorite software .
Done right , it 's like watching a caterpillar shed its skin and become a beautiful butterfly .
Or at least a decent - looking moth .
But for some software packages , something goes terribly , horribly wrong during the process of natural upgrade evolution .
Instead of becoming better applications over time , they become worse .
They end up more bloated , more slow , more complex , more painful to use .
They spoil .
I know this first hand because I 'm a long - time Paint Shop Pro user .
As a programmer who does n't need the kitchen sink of graphics editor features , I found it an ideal match for my modest programmer needs .
I did n't upgrade to every new version , but when I did , for every new feature I could actually use and benefit from , there were dozens of other features included that I did n't care about .
These new features cluttered up the user interface and often interfered with what I wanted to do .
My computers kept getting faster , and yet PSP kept taking longer and longer to start up with each new version .
2.0 1994 ? 0.4 MB 3.11 1995 1.8 MB 4.12 1997 2.4 MB
5.0 1998 6.7 MB 6.0 1999 ?
7.0 2000 32 MB 8.0 2003 54 MB 9.0 2004 108 MB
10.0 2005 104 MB
11.00 2006 211 MB
12.00 2007 326 MB
If this spoilage goes on long enough , eventually you begin to loathe and fear the upgrade process .
And that strikes me as profoundly sad , because it rips the heart out of the essential enjoyment of software engineering .
We write software .
If we inevitably end up making software worse , then why are we bothering ?
What are we doing wrong ?
I 'm not against progress by any means .
But it sure seems to me that certain software packages have truly lost their way .
In their never - ending quest to add feature bullets , they 've somehow forgotten their users and their core values .
In trying to be everything to everyone , they progressively destroy that tiny core of uniqueness that they started with .
I 'm singling out Paint Shop Pro here , but this same software spoilage principle applies to many other applications .
PC
World compiled an annotated list of 13 software applications they liked better before they were " improved " :
AIM
ICQ
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Media Player
iTunes
QuickTime
iMovie
Paint Shop Pro
ACDSee
Adobe Acrobat Reader
Eudora
They helpfully provide links to oldversion.com , oldapps.com , and old - versions.net , where you can go back in time and obtain those classic , unspoiled versions .
My favorite version is Winamp 2.95 .
That 's before they started bulking up the client and adding completely unnecessary things .
I just want something that plays my MP3s .
I do n't need it to burn CDs for me or download new music or cook my breakfast or massage my feet .
There are also some emerging lightweight alternatives to choose from in each category .
Instead of Adobe 's 20 MB Acrobat Reader , you could opt for the 2 MB Foxit PDF Reader .
Instead of suffering through another 300 + MB Paint Shop
Pro upgrade , chock full of features I 'll never use , I could opt for the open source Paint.
NET
It 's depressing to me that there are very few apps I can stick with for more than five years before they become an untenable , unbearable mess .
I can think of so many that I 've liked and since discarded : Nero Burning ROM , WinAmp , ACDSee , Microsoft Money , WinZip , and many others .
I suppose features sell software .
For many companies , putting users on the version upgrade treadmill is their business model ; it 's how they generate revenue .
But if this fiscally rewarding feature creep goes on long enough , spoilage inevitably sets in .
So I wonder :
Is all software destined to spoil over time ?
Is it possible for software packages with long histories to avoid the trap of becoming bloated and irrelevant ?
What are your favorite bits of software that have n't spoiled over the years -- and what is their secret ?
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A teen - ager was airlifted to hospital and his father had his nose broken when gatecrashers went on the rampage at a 16th birthday party after details were posted on YouTube , police and media reports said Friday .
A screenshot of YouTube.com , taken on October 11 , 2007 .
A teen - ager was airlifted to hospital and his father had his nose broken when gatecrashers went on the rampage at a 16th birthday party after details were posted on YouTube , police and media reports said Friday .
REUTERS/www.youtube.com
More than 100 uninvited teenagers descended on the family house , stole whisky and champagne , smashed windows and started fighting , according to reports .
Engineer David Worthy , 53 , was punched in the face when he tried to turn away a group of youths , while his son Stephen , 18 , was badly beaten .
A spokesman for Wiltshire Police in western England said an air ambulance took the teen - ager to hospital in Bath with suspected spinal injuries .
His mother Susan Worthy , 52 , a nurse , said they feared for their lives as the youths attacked the outside of the house .
“ We were scared stiff , ” she was reported as saying in the Times newspaper .
“ There was a loud bang and the windows smashed .
I thought they were going to kill us . ”
Her husband said : “ One was swearing right in my face so I pushed him away and then all hell let loose . ”
The party for their son Christopher was supposed to be a small event with about 30 invited guests .
However , details were posted on the Internet , attracting dozens more teenagers .
The parents had taken their youngest son Richard , 14 , for a pub meal last Saturday and planned to return home to watch a video upstairs while the revelers celebrated below .
After the gatecrashers arrived at their detached house in Chippenham , Wiltshire , they received a phone call from Stephen asking them to come home .
His father was attacked when he asked the gatecrashers to leave .
“ It ’s all a bit of a blur , ” he said .
“ I have had to take several days off work with my broken nose and two black eyes . ”
His son Stephen was discharged from hospital the next day .
Wiltshire Police arrested six teenagers aged between 15 and 18 .
Four were held on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm , while two others were detained for public order offences .
They were all bailed .
The problem we have here is that George Bush has lied to the American people about every single aspect of the Iraq war .
Why should we start believing him now ?
U.S. President George W. Bush , faced with growing calls to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq , pleaded with Americans on Saturday for patience and cited progress in the past two months .
“ The success of the past couple of months have shown that conditions on the ground can change — and they are changing , ” he said in his weekly radio address .
“ We can not expect the new strategy we are carrying out to bring success overnight . ”
A couple of months ?
It ’s been four and a half years .
I ’m starting to get the feeling that Bush is like Effie in Dreamgirls when she belts out the show stopper “ And I Am Telling You I ’m Not Going . ”
Bush is telling us he ’s not leaving Iraq .
No matter what anyone tells Bush , he ’s going to see progress in Iraq — and he ’s not going .
Apple Inc. has sold its millionth iPhone less than three months after the device ’s debut , allaying investor concerns that demand had slowed .
Last week , the company , which had set out to sell a million iPhones by the end of this month , cut the price of the handset , which doubles as an iPod music player , by a third , to $ 399 .
It took almost two years for Apple to sell a million iPods , the chief executive , Steven P. Jobs , said in a statement yesterday .
“ As far as dispelling the fears that the iPhone was off to a bad start , this should help that , ” said Gene Munster , an analyst at Piper Jaffray in Minneapolis .
As Mr. Armstrong prepared to play that night — oddly enough , at Grand Forks ’s own Central High School — members of the Arkansas National Guard ringed the school in Little Rock , ordered to keep the black students out .
President Dwight D. Eisenhower ’s meeting with Governor Faubus three days earlier in Newport , R.I. , had ended inconclusively .
Central High School was open , but the black children stayed home .
Mr. Lubenow was first told he could n’t talk to Mr. Armstrong until after the concert .
That would n’t do .
With the connivance of the bell captain , he snuck into Mr. Armstrong ’s suite with a room service lobster dinner .
And Mr. Armstrong , wearing a Hawaiian shirt and shorts , agreed to talk .
Mr. Lubenow stuck initially to his editor ’s script , asking Mr. Armstrong to name his favorite musician .
( Bing Crosby , it turned out . )
But soon he brought up Little Rock , and he could not believe what he heard .
“ It ’s getting almost so bad a colored man has n’t got any country , ” a furious Mr. Armstrong told him .
President Eisenhower , he charged , was “ two faced , ” and had “ no guts . ”
For Governor Faubus , he used a double - barreled hyphenated expletive , utterly unfit for print .
The two settled on something safer : “ uneducated plow boy . ”
The euphemism , Mr. Lubenow says , was far more his than Mr. Armstrong’s .
Mr. Armstrong bitterly recounted some of his experiences touring in the Jim Crow South .
He then sang the opening bar of “ The Star - Spangled Banner , ” inserting obscenities into the lyrics and prompting Velma Middleton , the vocalist who toured with Mr. Armstrong and who had joined them in the room , to hush him up .
Mr. Armstrong had been contemplating a good - will tour to the Soviet Union for the State Department .
“ They ai n’t so cold but what we could n’t bruise them with happy music , ” he had said .
Now , though , he confessed to having second thoughts .
“ The way they are treating my people in the South , the government can go to hell , ” he said , offering further choice words about the secretary of state , John Foster Dulles .
“ The people over there ask me what ’s wrong with my country .
What am I supposed to say ? ”
Mr. Lubenow , who came from a small North Dakota farming community , was shocked by what he heard , but he also knew he had a story ; he skipped the concert and went back to the paper to write it up .
It was too late to get it in his own paper ; nor would the Associated Press editor in Minneapolis , dubious that Mr. Armstrong could have said such things , put it on the national wire , at least until Mr. Lubenow could prove he had n’t made it all up .
So the next morning Mr. Lubenow returned to the Dakota Hotel and , as Mr. Armstrong shaved , had the Herald photographer take their picture together .
Then Mr. Lubenow showed Mr. Armstrong what he ’d written .
“ Do n’t take nothing out of that story , ” Mr. Armstrong declared .
“ That ’s just what I said , and still say . ”
He then wrote “ solid ” on the bottom of the yellow copy paper , and signed his name .
Desktop Applications
1001 for Mac OS X is a desktop client to be used in conjunction with Flickr .
It not only uploads photos to your Flickr account , it notifies you anytime new photos from either your contacts , everyone , or your favorite tags are uploaded .
1001 allows you to step into the stream of photos passing through Flickr and to quickly see what ’s new at the moment .
Just run the app in the background and if triggered , 1001 pops up a small unobtrusive window to notify you of new photos .
Background Switcher periodically changes the background image on your computer ( like every hour or every day ) .
You can specify which pictures to choose from in any of the following ways : you can select a list of specific pictures on your computer , you can point it at a selection of folders on your computer , such as ‘ My Pictures ’ and it will select random pictures from there .
You can select pictures by person , tags , sets or just plain random and there are a host of options to narrow down the pictures and increase the quality of those chosen .
Desktop Flickr Organizer for Gnome allows online / offline mode management of your photos .
You can upload , search and download photos , through the easy to use interface .
Flickr Exporter for Aperture is an export plugin for Aperture which provides a direct export interface to Flickr.com .
It allows to edit photo titles and descriptions , and add tags to them , create a new photoset with your photos , or add them to an existing photoset , automatically send your photos to a Group Pool on Flickr , choose from a list of your Flickr tags and add them to your photos before uploading , and many more .
Flickr Exporter for iPhoto is a plugin for iPhoto which provides a direct export interface to Flickr.com .
FlickrExport can update iPhoto ’s database with the titles and descriptions you give your photos .
It can resize your photos before uploading .
Flickr Finder – Mac OS X application for browsing your photos .
Flickr Notifier is an RSS reader that displays photos on your desktop from your friends ’ accounts as they are uploaded .
Perhaps , the first RSS notifier that displays images .
Flickr Screensaver v3 turns your screensaver into a slideshow of your Flickr photos .
FlickrDown makes it easy to save photos from Flickr to your hard drive .
FlickrFaves is a small , simple , cross- platform tool for downloading high - resolution versions of your Flickr favorites to your harddrive .
FlickrUploadr is a tool for Linux to upload your pictures to Flickr .
It is is written in Python and Gtk .
jUploader is a cross platform , cross-site Photo uploader .
Currently it runs on Windows Linux and OS X and supports both Flickr and Zooomr .
It allows you to set all properties of a photo before you upload it .
It also supports batch editing , so you can make short work of uploading a bunch of files .
Nostalgia an easy and elegant solution to get our photos online .
It is a feature rich application that allows you to search flickr remotely and create local sets from the photos you discover .
It also supports local photo management and synchronizes to your flickr account , allowing you to update your online photos as well .
PictureSync is a convenient utility that simplifies annotating and batch uploading your photographs and video clips to online services — directly from your albums in image - management applications , or files , and whilst preserving metadata .
Firefox Extensions
Fireflix is a sidebar extension to upload , manage and search photos
Flickr Sidebar is used for viewing and searching photo lists .
You can access it by the command key Ctrl + Shift + F , the toolbar button , or clicking on the menu option View| Sidebars | Flickr Sidebar .
Once you have authorized the extension to work with your flickr account , you can search through or view a full list of your photos , your favorites , everyones photos , your individual contacts , or your groups .
FlickrFox provides an easy way for Flickr group administrators to monitor their group pools .
flickrgethighrez lets you directly get any Flickr photo in the larger resolution possible .
Fotofox allows to easily select , tag , title and upload pictures from your computer to an online photo service .
Works with Flickr , Tabblo , 23hq , Smugmug , Marela , and Kodak EasyShare Gallery .
OakFlickr4PFF is Flickr photo Uploader Addon for Performancing ( 1.3 + ) for Firefox .
It will check the pictures in the publishing blog , upload the local ones to flickr and update the link to url of flickr .
PicLens delivers an immersive full - screen experience for viewing photos on the Web .
It allows to view photos in full screen with a single click , play a slideshow of image search results and photo albums , and more .
Uploadr for Flickr is a localized flickr.com in china , which provided an extension to directly upload images on web pages to it .
Fun and Games
Big Huge Labs – a huge collection of little games to play with Flickr photos like making badges , motivational posters , mosaic , calendars , and many more .
Bubblr is a tool to create comic strips using photos from Flickr .
Fastr is a game that uses flickr images .
It loads ten images that all share a common tag , one by one , and you guess what the tag is .
When you guess right , the tag will turn blue , and you ’ll get points .
The faster you guess , the more points you get .
Flickr Chia Pet grow Chia hair on any photo .
FlickrLogoMakr turn any words into a Flickr - type logo with their font .
Flicktionary offers a compound word game .
Hamster Sudoku uses images of hamsters from Flickr for you to play a picture version of Sudoku .
Memry is a classic memory game based on Flickr images .
You can enter a tag and play with images that match it .
Mosaickr offers to create beautiful mosaics from your flickr pictures , and even print them on posters .
Creating a mosaick is free .
Printing posters starts at 0.99 Euro .
Printr Killr offers to make a calendar with your photos .
Tag Man is the classic game of hangman by guessing the letters in a random photo tag .
Greasemonkey Scripts
Ajax Photo Blogging in Flickr allows to post a story about the photo to your blog and add a description or comment on it automatically .
There ’s no need to save your blog password in Flickr .
Flickr 5 Stars Ratings adds star ratings to your photos .
Flickr Ad Removal gets rid of text ads in Flickr ( the ones that show up after using AdBlock to get rid of the graphical ads ) .
Flickr All Sizes Menu adds a menu to select which size to see when hovering on the All Sizes button .
Flickr AllSizes + allows you to access all sizes for a Flickr photo , copy the code and download the image .
It provides quick access to shortcut functions – download images , copy code to clipboard , view images , etc .
Flickr Auto
Page is a greasemonkey script makes small changes to the interface removing the need for you to click on the pagination number and wait for loading times every time you go to the next / previous page .
When you browse paginated pages on flickr* , the script will fetch the next page and append it automatically at the end of the current page while you scroll down .
Flickr Auto
Tag gives you a select box to quickly access the tag combinations you often use .
Flickr BBCode Generator is a text box with the BBCode automatically generated when you go to the “ All sizes ” page for a given size .
Creates BBCode to display the image and provide a link back to the Flickr page , as per Flickr ’s user agreement .
Flickr Contacts
Organiser lets you add tags to any flickr user , you can then view the tagged users via a whole range of different filters , including view by tag , view tagged users photos , favourites , testimonials , most interesting photos , photos of that user etc .
Flickr EXIF
Decorator – lets you hover over a photo and puts a translucent overlay in the top left corner which shows you information about the camera .
Flickr GeoRadar is a GM script to search closest photos .
A radar screen will be displayed on the left , and green points on radar indicate the locations of nearby photos .
The thumbnails are on the right in order of distance from current photo , and arranged from left to right , then top to bottom .
When the mouse is moved over any of the thumbs , the corresponding green point on radar will turn to red and a small compass will appear to show the direction .
Flickr Group Display helps manage memberships in groups based on number of views and favorites .
When viewing your photos sorted by Views or Favorites , the script will determine which groups each photo belongs to , and display the group information next to the photo , to make it easier to determine which photos need to be moved to new groups .
Flickr Image Src Exposer adds an “ IMG LINK ” tag making it so you can download any photo .
Flickr Keyboard Navigation adds keyboard shortcuts to some of the most common navigation moves on Flickr .
It will work on any flickr page that has those numbered boxes at the bottom ( photostreams , searches , long group stuff , etc . . )
Flickr Mail
To adds an email button to the Flickr photo toolbar , and also a “ Send Page ” link to the top of every page on Flickr.com clicking it takes you to either the Flickr Mail compose page , with the subject and body prefilled , with the link and title of the photo .
Flickr More
Home add more content to your home page .
Flickr Photo Magnifier – Adds a magnifier to the toolbar to see details in photos .
This is an adaptation of the TJPZoom image magnifier by János Pál Tóth to work on flickr images .
Flickr Photostream
Graphr lets you graph how many times your stream has been viewed .
Flickr Quick Comment
Adds a select box with pre written comments .
You can create new comments and manage existing commands via the User Script Commands menu .
This script is now localised in French , Portuguese and English .
Flickr Q u i c k r v0.3.3 – Add thumbnail / buddys & NavBar .
Also removes all Yahoo ads and bloacked images .
Flickr remove spaceball removes the empty image ( download deterrent ) positioned over some photos on Flickr .
Flickr Rich Edit – Gives you more options in the comments box when it comes to the font .
Flickr Search for Creative Commons will force all searches on Flickr to return creative commons images .
Flickr Show Licenses shows licenses on all pages , to load those licenses automatically ( no mouseover ) , and to leave ( cc ) licenses alone , displaying only the ( c ) symbol where appropriate .
Flickr Titles +
Descriptions Batch
Tools adds 7 new tools for batch editing titles and descriptions .
Flickr / Shutterfly Integrator gives you the ability to order prints of Flickr photos via Shutterfly .
FlickrCommentTools allows you to edit HTML into your comments and include your own photos .
Lets you set bold , italic , underline , blockquote , links and insert an image straight off your photostream .
FlickrMailManager adds some options to help manage your Flickr mailbox .
Including “ Mark all as read ” and delete all Notification emails , such as “ you are x’s newest contact ” and Group Invitations .
FlickrPM adds icons for mail , profile , favourites , Scout , Interestingness and the user ’s photo archive next to usernames in forums and on individual photo pages .
It also allows you to send Flickr Mails without leaving the current page you are on .
FlickRate adds a rating panel under a current photo in an effort to give Flickr a better ratings system .
Geotag Flickr with Multimap adds “ add geotags ” link to photo pages , which lets u add the latitude and longitude geographical data , via the maps on the MultiMap.com mapping website , to your Flickr photos .
WordPress Plugins and Tools
FAlbum a WordPress plugin that allows you to display your Flickr photos and photosets on your site .
It features configurable and maintained through standard WordPress administrative page .
It allows to view album of most recent photos , view photos using tags , view your tags in a cloud format , and more .
Flickr Comment Importer imports comments from your Flickr account into your WordPress blog .
Flickr Photo Album plugin will pull in your Flickr photosets and display them as albums on your WordPress site .
There is a pretty simple template provided , but you can customize the templates 100 % to match the look and feel of your own site .
Flickr Tag Cloud Widget is plugin for the Widget Sidebar in WordPress .
It will display your flickr tags as a tag cloud in your blog ’s sidebar .
FlickrFaves is a plugin to display users ’ flickr favorites on their WordPress sites .
Kubrickr is a tool that lets you replace that giant blue blob at the top of your WordPress 1.5 blog with a nice photo from Flickr .
You just need to type some words that relate to your blog and push Submit .
Choose one of the photos from the that appears , and save the resulting file to your Default WordPress theme directory .
SimpleFlickr is a plugin for WordPress that allows you to embed a flickr integrated simpleviewer into your WordPress site .
Website Tools
Chasr is a mini web application that allows you to display your photos from Flickr on your own website for absolutely free .
You can download Chasr and install it on your own server , allowing your users to see your photos on your own website .
‘ Color Fields ’ Color Picker choose a color from the color picker , pictures featuring that color pop up .
Flickr
Anywhere allows you to put flickr in your myspace account or on any webpage with just a quick search .
It takes all your public flickr photos and displays them in a compact flash player .
Users can click on the larger image and be taken directly to your flickr site to comment .
Flickr Color Selectr –
Use a color picker and search only images that are Creative Commons Licensed and match the colors you need .
Flickr Module for CMS will allow you to integrate your photo albums at flickr.com into you CMS Made Simple based website .
The module is very flexible and the output is templates based and can thus easily be modified to suit your needs .
Flickr Slideshow Generator allows you to generate the HTML necessary to embed a custom Flickr Slideshow in your page or blog .
FlickrLilli is a nice way to search Flickr .
flickrSLiDR allows you to easily embed the classic flickr slideshows on your website or blog .
All you need to do is enter the flickr URL address of the user , photo set or group you would like to embed along with some options .
You ’ll receive the HTML embed code in return .
Gickr lets you instantly create Animated GIF online , free , right now !
Just upload pictures or grab them from your Flickr .
Create funny flashy slideshows with you and your friends , cartoons , previews , banners , etc .
Post them anywhere you can post pictures : MySpace , Bebo , Facebook , HI5 etc .
No need for flash .
PictoBrowsr is a simple widget that allows the display of pictures stored on Flickr on a site or blog .
Flickr is one of the most popular and advanced photo management and community applications on the web .
Travelr is a free photo gallery viewer that you can put on your own site .
Travelr lets you display your Flickr photos geographically on a world map .
Despite earlier promises in Miami that he would not do business in Cuba until the island was “ free , ” Donald Trump applied in 2008 to register his Trump trademark in the Caribbean nation for a variety of commercial activities , including investing in real estate , hotels , casinos and golf courses .
A search of the Cuban Industrial Property Office database shows that Donald J. Trump hired a Cuban lawyer , Leticia Laura Bermúdez Benítez , to submit the application in October 2008 .
The address listed was that of the Trump Organization : 725 Fifth Avenue , New York , 10022 .
As is common in Cuba , where red tape is rampant , the trademark was not approved until much later , until March 2010 .
It expired in 2018 , well into Trump ’s presidency .
According to a description of his application , appearing both in the official Cuban registry website and in a 2009 bulletin , the trademark was related to “ investment in real estate , ” “ beauty contests , ” “ golf courses , ” “ casino game services , ” “ montage of television programs , ” and “ hotel services , ” among many other activities listed .
While President Trump might have broken his word about not seeking business in Cuba , given during a 1999 speech at the Cuban American National Foundation in Miami , he did not violate the U.S. embargo against Cuba in filing the application or hiring the Cuban lawyer .
The Cuban Assets Control Regulations , the Treasury Department ’s rules to implement the trade embargo , include exceptions to allow the filing for trademarks and the payment of local agents to do so .
The Herald could not immediately contact Bermúdez Benítez .
The White House referred questions to the Trump Organization .
The latter also did not respond to a request for comment .
Hundreds of American companies , including Netflix , Disney , Apple , Microsoft , and Starbucks , rushed to register their trademarks in Cuba after the two countries re-established diplomatic relations in 2015 .
At the time , several law firms encouraged their clients to do so because “ Cuba is a ‘ first to file jurisdiction , ’ which means a Cuban trademark registration will be awarded to the first applicant , even if that applicant has not previously used the mark , ” according to a client notice issued by the law firm Hunton & Williams .
President Trump has imposed several new sanctions on the Cuban government and strengthened the embargo , citing human rights violations and the regime ’s support to Nicolás Maduro in Venezuela .
His strong rhetoric against the government in Havana has given him the crucial support of many Cuban American voters in Florida .
But his flirtations with business on the island spanned decades .
In 1998 , a Trump company , Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts , paid a consulting firm around $ 68,000 for a business trip to Cuba on its behalf , in a likely violation of the embargo at the time , according to a Newsweek report .
More recently , in 2013 , executives from the Trump Organization visited Cuba to explore investing in a golf course east of Havana , in an area known as Bello Monte , Bloomberg Businessweek reported .
And the CEO of a Spanish hotel chain declared that the Trump Organization was looking into establishing hotels on the island when Trump was a presidential candidate in 2016 .
His former presidential campaign manager , Paul Manafort , also traveled to Cuba in January 2017 , according to a Senate report .
You can view all details at https://www.miamiherald.com/article245902870.html
The New York Times and CBS have released a very interesting new poll ( pdf ) showing among other things that the vast majority of Americans regardless of political party think that immediate action should be taken to combat global warming .
Watch a video about the poll here , see the summary by the NY Times here .
Ninety percent of Democrats , 80 percent of independents and 60 percent of Republicans said immediate action was required to curb the warming of the atmosphere and deal with its effects on the global climate .
Nineteen percent said it was not necessary to act now , and 1 percent said no steps were needed . ( via )
This after another recent poll showed global warming and terrorism of equal concern in the minds of most Americans .
Its really rather fascinating as it has trend data , sometimes spanning 20 or more years .
Here are a few highlights .
Regardless of how people vote the majority of Americans think the democrats are better able to protect the environment .
( 57 % dem 14 % rep )
They think the Democratic party is more likely to make the US less dependant on foreign oil ( 50 % dem to 24 % rep )
87 % think America should take the lead in addressing global environmental problems
52 % thinks that protecting the environment is more important than the economy
57 % think we should not drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge
64 % would pay higher taxes on gasoline to support research into renewable energy
52 % thinks global warming is a very serious problem
75 % would be willing to pay more for energy if it were generated by solar or wind
78 % think it is necessary to take action to stop global warming right away
82 % have never seen Al Gore ’s movie An Inconvenient Truth
36 % voted for Bush ( as opposed to 33 % for Kerry )
31 % go to some religious service every week
Here is their view on energy supply
43 % think coal is a good idea
51 % think natural gas is a good idea
36 % think nuclear is a good idea
87 % think renewable energy is a good idea
70 % think ethanol is a good idea
So what does all this mean ?
I have no idea , but here is what I “ think ” it means .
It means that the Democratic party has successfully cornered the environment issue .
The republicans seem to be unable to convince people that they really care about the environment .
Which is a shame , the environment should not be a party issue , it should be an everybody issue .
I put a lot of this blame on Bush , his miserable record on the environment has overshadowed the handful of Republicans actively working to make positive things happen on this front .
This also means the Democratic party is going to make huge gains as environmental issues become more and more prominent .
It also shows that people do n’t know enough about ethanol , if they did they would be much more weary of it .
Ethanol can be a good thing , but only if it is made in the right way , from the right stuff , in the right location .
But on a positive note the public seems to be in favor of renewable energy .
I am a bit concerned that only 8 % thought that you could stimulate the economy AND protect the environment .
Someone has convinced an awful lot of people that this is an either or choice .
There is no sound reason why you can not have a strong economy and a good environment .
In fact there are a lot of good evidence to show that they go hand in hand .
The biggest thing that stood out to me was the overall support for doing something about global warming and doing it now .
Americans are willing to pay more for renewable energy , willing to support taxes for renewable energy , willing to conserve more .
In short the American people are ready .
What they lack is someone strong to lead the way .
Lets hope that over the next year a strong environmental leader emerges .
Misbah Rana is , of course , the 12 - year - old formerly known as Molly Campbell .
She sparked a huge furore in September by running away from her Scottish mother 's custody in the Hebrides to her Pakistani father 's home in Lahore .
Seeing footage of her a few days after her flight , I realised that , apart from Jemima Khan , it was the first time I 'd seen a press image of a British - born person in Pakistan smiling .
But despite Misbah 's protests that she had travelled to Pakistan willingly , suspicions persisted in Britain that she could n't actually be happy , that she must have been taken them under duress , possibly for a forced marriage .
" The question ' Why would anyone raised in Britain want to live in Pakistan ? ' was implicit in the tone of the reporting , " says Pakistani novelist Kamila Shamsie , who lives between Karachi , London and New York State .
And she 's right .
Perhaps this should n't be surprising - the British High Commission in Islamabad does , after all , receive 100 reports of forced marriage each year .
And even second - generation Pakistanis , returning to Pakistan willingly for arranged marriages , attest to culture shock , at the very least .
Home from Home , a collection of personal accounts from British Pakistanis now living in Mirpur - the remote rural district where most Pakistani migrants to Britain originate - includes a litany of unwelcome surprises , from outdoor loos and lizard - dodging to terminal boredom .
But the Ranas do n't have culture shock and Lahore is no Mirpur : it 's a large metropolitan centre .
And Misbah is n't the only one who prefers it .
Watching her story unfold reminded me of all the British - born women I 've met on recent trips to Lahore who have happily chosen to relocate .
The country is attracting a new generation of socially mobile British Pakistani women or BBCDs ( British Born Confused Desis ) , as bitchier Pakistanis call us .
As Pnina Werbner , a social anthropologist , explains , " There are an enormous number of young British Pakistani girls now who , unlike their parents , went to university , and a whole new world is opening up to them .
They have to decide what to do and make a lot of choices .
[ Their experience can be ] a cultural no - man 's land and one way out for them is to return home . "
But that only goes a short way to explaining exactly what makes these women swap life in a first - world democracy for one in a developing nation ruled by a military dictatorship their parents struggled to leave .
Pakistan is a society where gang rape is used as a form of tribal punishment , hundreds of pregnant women are in jail for adultery and husbands routinely forbid their wives to work .
Natasha Anwar , a 35 - year - old doctor who moved to Pakistan five years ago , says one of the key attractions for her was the freedom from racial tension .
Born to Pakistani parents in Chingford , north - east London , Anwar says she " never felt part of British society , whereas now I feel like I 'm home .
I do n't feel edgy and anxious any more . "
She certainly looks comfortable in the grounds of the hospital and research centre in Lahore where she works as a research scientist - excellent career prospects are apparently another bonus .
For Anwar , her primary school years in Britain were great , but at Chingford High School the racist bullying began .
" We used to get snowballed at the bus stop and the usual ' Paki go home ' taunts .
One day my brother and I were walking home with my neighbour , who was also Pakistani , and this boy ran past us , threw chilli powder in my neighbour 's face and hair , and then smashed the glass jar at our feet .
We did n't even tell our parents , because , well , that 's what you do as a minority .
When my mum talks about her childhood [ in Pakistan ] , she oozes this feel good factor .
I wanted to tap into that feeling for my children , too . "
Before she left Britain , a young Muslim man on the tube " with his socks pulled up over his shalwar " upbraided her for not dressing modestly enough .
" I was being pulled in two different directions , one completely westernised and one fundamentalist .
It was so tense .
As Asians , we 're continuously fighting for our rights , fighting for equality , fighting for this , fighting for that .
We 're wasting so much energy , so much time , so much of what 's in us on fighting , and what 's left ?
This whole loss of identity is something a lot of British Asians have to struggle with and I do n't want my children to have it , when they could be getting on with what is more important in life . "
So , after finishing her doctorate , Anwar moved to Lahore in summer 2001 , and met her husband at a party .
Their children are growing up in the same house as their grandparents , surrounded by extended family ( whose support Anwar cites as a bonus ) , and her younger sister has since followed her to Lahore , leaving only her parents and a brother in Chingford .
Another attraction for British - born women moving to Pakistan is , of course , financial .
Standing in the Ranas ' vast lounge - about twice the size of my north London flat - I 'm reminded of just how far sterling can stretch over here .
As Shamsie puts it , " If you 're at the top of the pile , you can be very comfortable . "
Not only that , but the most affluent sections of society can prove much more liberal than might be expected .
Sadia Rasheed , 27 , a British - born Pakistani from Hounslow , relocated in 1998 when she married her Pakistani husband , an architect .
At first she found her elite new social world so disturbingly libertarian she almost fled back to Britain .
In the rarefied circles she moves in she has " become more broad - minded than I was in London , " she says .
" For instance , the way young women dress [ at parties ] here is more revealing and I just had to get over it . "
She laughs at me when I ask if she has met any gay people in Pakistan .
" Of course , no one cares , " she says .
Rasheed values a work / life balance that has enabled her to establish her interior design business while her daughter was a toddler .
She admits that this balance comes from being able to employ servants , though .
" There are only advantages here for the upper classes , there 's nothing you can't do with the right contacts .
But it 's very tough for everyone else .
It is difficult to survive as a single woman in this society , but some do do it - the strong ones . "
Miranda Husain , a 35 - year - old journalist from Essex , is one of them .
After travelling the world and losing both her parents in her 20s , she decided to move to her father 's country of origin in 2003 to be near her remaining family .
Like Misbah , her father was Pakistani and her mother was white British .
There are many things that she loves about Pakistan - seeing people praying casually on the roadside , for instance - but after three years of pushing social boundaries as a single woman , she 's not sure if Lahore can be a permanent home .
She misses the breathing space of a multicultural society .
" To be accepted here you have to surrender your own identity .
It 's not just about adapting , it 's about losing [ your British ] culture and I do n't agree with that at all . "
As she drives us from a city - centre restaurant at midnight , unaccompanied , we attract creepy leers at every traffic light .
It makes me wonder how she has stayed so sane .
Ironically , given her sister Misbah 's situation , Tahmina is preparing to head back to married life in Blackburn .
But what about Misbah and the family being together ?
" Oh , that 's not a problem , " the sisters tell me , pointing to the webcam on their computer .
Tahmina sees herself firmly as a British Muslim or British Pakistani , but she is keenly aware of her father 's experiences .
" Even now , after four years in Pakistan , when we go to the park , he still does this joke : ' What 's that , can you hear that ?
I can't hear it .
I can't hear anyone calling me a Paki , can you ?
See anyone throwing stones ?
No ? '
If I have a daughter , I 'd like to bring her here for a while so she does n't become too confused , so she knows who she is . "
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook WASHINGTON

The Transportation Security Administration 's program for keeping bombs out of airplane cargo holds is riddled with holes that leave passenger planes vulnerable to attack , a government investigation shows .
The TSA has too few cargo inspectors , an ineffective database to track violations and " vague regulations " for screening cargo being put on passenger planes , the Homeland Security Department inspector general said in a report released Thursday .
" The report is a blistering , scalding indictment of TSA , " said Rep. Ed Markey , D - Mass . , a leading advocate for stronger cargo security .
Inspector General Richard Skinner said the TSA system " increases the opportunities ( to put ) explosives , incendiaries and other dangerous devices on passenger aircraft . "
Passenger planes carry 7,500 tons of cargo a day in storage areas under passenger cabins that also hold luggage .
Airlines typically lease a portion of their cargo holds to freight companies , and last year earned $ 4.4 billion from cargo operations , according to the Air Transport Association , an airline trade group .
The TSA largely agreed with the inspector general 's conclusions and said it has made improvements since the report 's findings were released privately to the agency in May .
" They were legitimate criticisms , " said John Sammon , a TSA assistant administrator .
" Things are not the same today as they were back then . "
Skinner 's report acknowledges the TSA 's recent efforts but says they " do not fully address our concerns . "
Only one of seven improvements that he recommended has been completely implemented , the report said .
The report comes one month after Congress ordered the TSA to vastly improve cargo screening over the next three years , and raises questions about whether the agency can do that , Markey said .
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff said in an interview this week that his department is creating a " certified shipper " program to improve the system .
Major manufacturers such as computer companies would be approved to do their own security inspections at plants as they put merchandise in boxes .
" Then that stuff would pass through without being reinspected " at airports , Chertoff said .
The effort to check cargo for bombs is far more complicated than screening luggage because cargo often arrives at airports in large shrink - wrapped packages that do not fit into commercial bomb detectors .
Only a small percentage of cargo put on passenger planes is physically inspected .
Those inspections are done by airlines under TSA oversight .
The TSA " does not provide sufficient resources " to monitor airlines and " does not ensure that air carriers are screening cargo to federal regulations , " the inspector general 's report says .
Vaguely written security regulations result in TSA inspectors and airlines applying rules differently , according to the report , which said TSA inspectors " reported not being properly trained . "
Sammon of the TSA said training has been improved , regulations clarified and 150 cargo inspectors will be added to a staff of 300 over the next two years .
The TSA started putting all packages that are brought to airports for shipping through bomb detectors .
Terrorists are less likely to use a cargo bomb because it's not certain the explosive will make it on to a passenger plane , Sammon said .
Most cargo comes to airports from freight handlers that also use cargo planes and trucks to ship packages .
Contributing : Mimi Hall
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge By Mike Clarke , AFP / Getty Images Passenger planes carry 7,500 tons of cargo a day in storage areas under passenger cabins that also hold luggage .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
JOHANNESBURG ( Reuters ) - A gang stripped a South African man before supergluing him to an exercise bicycle while they ransacked his house , according to a report Thursday .
SAPA news agency said the attackers , dressed in suits , hijacked a man in his 50s and forced him at gunpoint to take them to his home in Johannesburg .
“ The victim was then forced to strip , after which he was superglued to the seat of an exercise bicycle , his hands were superglued , as were his feet and then his mouth was superglued shut , ” SAPA quoted Mark Stokoe , a spokesman for emergency services Netcare 911 , as saying .
The man was rescued about three hours later when his partner arrived home , SAPA said .
South Africa is battling one of the world ’s highest crime rates which has prompted concerns that violence might mar the 2010 soccer World Cup , which the country is due to host .
A police spokesman could not immediately comment on the report .
No one at Netcare 911 could be reached .
Enlarge Phoenix Police via The Arizona Republic
This is a frame grab from a video by Phoenix Police of Carol Anne Gotbaum being arrested at Sky Harbor Airport in Phoenix .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook PHOENIX 
A videotape of the airport arrest of a woman related to a New York City official shows her shouting and gesturing vehemently at police who appear to be trying to calm her .
Carol Gotbaum , 45 , died in custody shortly after her arrest Sept. 28 at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport .
Gotbaum 's stepmother - in - law is New York City Public Advocate Betsy Gotbaum .
Her family 's lawyer has alleged that mistreatment of Gotbaum during her detention may have led to her death .
A video released Thursday by the Phoenix Police Department shows that Gotbaum drew stares from other passengers as she screamed at airport personnel .
RELATED : Husband warned airport of wife 's problems
The video shows police officers approached Gotbaum and asked her to calm down .
When she continued to yell , an officer moved to arrest her .
Gotbaum went limp , and police fell to the floor along with her , the video shows .
One of her arms was pinned under her body , forcing police to roll her slightly to take her into custody .
Gotbaum continued to appear to resist police as they attempted to move her , the video shows .
At one point , she locked her legs and police had to pull her .
The tape was compiled from shots from three video angles and contained no sound , according to the department .
It said that witness accounts of the incident would be made available .
A Phoenix lawyer hired by Gotbaum 's family did not return a phone call seeking comment .
Lawyer Michael Manning is part of a team of people assembled by Gotbaum 's family to look into the circumstances of the death .
Gotbaum was headed to Tucson to enter an alcohol - treatment facility , according to Howard Rubenstein , a public relations consultant .
She became agitated when she missed her connecting flight , according to police .
Manning has said the family had no objection to police intervening with Gotbaum , but took issue with the manner of her detainment .
She was arrested for disorderly conduct , handcuffed behind her back and shackled to a bench .
Police said she was later found unconscious and not breathing with the chain from the shackle pulled against the front of her neck .
There are no surveillance cameras in the holding cell where Gotbaum was found dead roughly eight minutes after police officers left her there alone .
Phoenix Police Sgt. Andy
Hill has said officers followed proper procedure in subduing Gotbaum , who is also the daughter - in - law of New York labor leader Victor Gotbaum .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
But the indictment returned against Isaacs on July 25 has commenced a case that should not be cavalierly dismissed by the industry .
It is not , in my opinion , what many have deemed — just another prosecution of some stupid shlub who should have known about serious risks and grave consequences of selling scat flicks in the current climate of federal hostility to sexual content .
In fact , I believe that his case is one that deserves the rapt attention of every adult content producer and every adult content distributor , including web - based businesses .
I say this not just because it is the first federal obscenity prosecution in Los Angeles in more than 15 years , or because Isaacs faces potential incarceration of up to 35 years and huge fines , and not just because the case is the first to include allegations of violations of 18 U.S.C. § 2257 in the original indictment .
I believe that the Isaacs prosecution deserves particular attention by businesspersons in this industry , who should always take note of federal enforcement of the obscenity laws or the 2257 regulations , because of two very unusual features .
First , the fact that the case will be tried in what is arguably the most tolerant , and therefore , most difficult community in the country for federal prosecutors to obtain an obscenity conviction , even with respect to the " extreme materials " at issue in the case .
Moreover , it is also important to note that the government selected the L.A. venue rather than a more conservative jurisdiction in which a jury could be empanelled , that would be much more likely to find that scat and bestiality videos violate their community standards ( assuming that the five charged DVD products were shipped somewhere other than Los Angeles ) .
Second , the fact that the two alleged violations of 2257 referenced in the indictment were not violations of the record - keeping type , but were instead alleged violations arising from a failure to properly include the compliance statement as required by the 2257 regulations .
There have already been a number of interpretations of the federal government 's decision to bring this unusual prosecution in L.A .
Some legal analysts have stated that the prosecution might be a " shot across the bow " of the industry , demonstrating that the government can and will still seek obscenity convictions anywhere in the country , even in porn 's capital city .
Others have derived a less bellicose message opining that the government is merely communicating a confirmation of its intent to limit obscenity prosecutions to " extreme " content distributors .
Regardless of whether either or both the interpretations above are correct or not , I am most concerned about the government 's inclusion of the two 2257 violations in the indictment in association with the five obscenity counts .
This mix approximates a problematic prosecution strategy my firm 's co-founder Robert Sarno and I have often warned our clients could eventually be employed by the federal government .
Specifically , since 1995 Bob Sarno and I have cautioned that full compliance with the 2257 regulations is essential , not only to prevent the dire consequences associated with a 2257 conviction , but also to minimize the likelihood of being targeted for obscenity prosecution .
The reason why we have always seen a potentially increased risk of obscenity prosecution in situations involving clear 2257 regulation violations is relatively straightforward .
Simply put , successful obscenity prosecutions are difficult for the government today .
This is because a conviction for distributing obscene matter requires that a jury determine that the allegedly obscene material violates the community standards of the community from which the material is transported or the community into which the material is sent .
Given the fact that mainstream adult content is , and has been for some time , available in virtually every American community , the task of proving that typical adult content exceeds a community 's standards has principally become the task of finding a community that is particularly hostile to adult content .
This is a difficult task that grows more difficult every day as adult content becomes more and more a part of mainstream American culture .
But the inclusion of one or more 2257 counts in addition to alleged obscenity violations dramatically enhances a federal prosecutor 's position .
This is because the 2257 regulations are voluminous , complex and relatively easy to violate .
Moreover , any violation of the 2257 regulations , no matter how minimal , exposes the violator to five years of incarceration for the first offense , 10 years for a second offense and huge fines .
Remember , there is neither a substantial compliance provision nor a cure period for 2257 violations .
Consequently , an indictment setting forth allegations of clear 2257 violations in addition to obscenity counts can provide prosecutorial leverage to quickly and efficiently obtain what is likely to be viewed as a " successful prosecutorial outcome , " such a plea bargain by which the defendant admits distribution of obscene material and voluntarily and permanently withdraws from the adult entertainment business .
Prosecutorial Leverage
Thus , one strategy employing the prosecutorial leverage that 2257 might provide would require that the government obtain an indictment against a party alleging several obscenity and 2257 violations .
Given the relatively easy task of proving 2257 violations , the accused might find himself or herself facing a prosecution in which the obscenity counts , which the government would not likely win if prosecuted alone , are paired in the indictment with 2257 violations that the government is not likely to lose .
Unfortunately , the indictment in the Isaacs case contains five alleged violations of the federal obscenity statute and two violations of 2257 regulations .
This combination of alleged violations approximates the prosecutorial strategy detailed above .
Even more concerning , in my opinion , than what might be the commencement of prosecutions containing both 2257 and obscenity counts , is the fact that the alleged 2257 violations were violations of 2257's requirements regarding the proper inclusion of a 2257 " compliance statement . "
It is ironic that after the industry 's fixation with 2257 record - keeping that the first true allegations of 2257 violations included in an indictment are directed to labeling and not record - keeping .
A mix of allegations similar to that exemplified in the Isaacs indictment might , therefore , for example , put a webmaster who is not in scrupulous 2257 compliance in a position in which the webmaster would likely be able to successfully defend against obscenity allegations on the basis that his or her website and the content therein possess serious literary , artistic , political or social value .
But if the webmaster finds himself or herself in a position in which the defendable obscenity counts are leveraged by 2257 violations that are difficult , if not impossible to defend , the webmaster might have little choice but to try to negotiate a plea bargain .
The kinds of plea bargains entered into by the Department of Justice during the last big obscenity prosecution sweep in the late 1980s and early 1990s , included huge fines and a " voluntary " agreement by the defendant to quit the adult business and never return .
Given the number of adult entertainment companies that are not fully compliant with all the numerous regulations that make up the 2257 regulatory scheme , the strategy above could be used to force a relatively large number of adult companies out of the business in a relatively short period of time .
This is a frighteningly useful political tool that could potentially be used by the administration in a critical election year where the campaign issues for the Republicans are likely to be oriented toward " family values " and other " cultural " issues and away from national defense and fiscal conservatism .
So , in sum , I am hoping the Isaacs case , rather than be ignored , becomes a loud wake - up call for the industry that inspires adult entertainment entrepreneurs to take any remedial measures that might be necessary to be sure that they are full compliance with all aspects of the 2257 regulations , including those that pertain to the content and placement of the required compliance statement .
For example , many adult entrepreneurs do not know that as a part of the Adam Walsh Child Protection
Act signed into law last year by President Bush , a part of the 2257 regulations , 18 U.S.C. § 2257 ( 3 ) ( 1 ) , was amended to require the compliance statement on every page of a website containing materials subject to 2257 .
That section , which is currently statutory law now in effect , states :
" ( e ) (1 ) Any person to whom subsection ( a ) applies shall cause to be affixed to every copy of any matter described in paragraph ( 1 ) of subsection ( a ) of this section , in such manner and in such form as the Attorney General shall by regulations prescribe , a statement describing where the records required by this section with respect to all performers depicted in that copy of the matter may be located .
[ In this paragraph , the term " copy " includes every page of a website on which matter described in subsection ( a ) appears . " ]
As usual , I strongly suggest that you consult an attorney who is knowledgeable and experienced in 2257 matters , particularly if you operate an adult website as there is some confusion about the current requirements for web site labeling requirements .
In fact , if the Isaacs case is a harbinger of things to come , it is now more important than ever to get good adult entertainment law counseling , particularly regarding both 2257's record - keeping and labeling requirements .
Gregory A. Piccionelli specializes in Internet Law , Entertainment Law , including Adult Entertainment matters , Intellectual Property Law , and Free Speech issues .
He can be reached at Piccionelli & Sarno , 1925 Century Park East , Suite 2350 , Los Angeles CA 90067 ; ( 310 ) 553-3375 .
A recent ruling by the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit could raise the bar for " willful infringement " claims in patent cases , making it more difficult for patent owners to collect treble damages .
That 's good news to those concerned that the mere threat of these massive damages often leads defendants to settle out of court rather than risk a negative judicial decision .
The case in question involves Seagate and centers on some discovery issues from a patent infringement case brought against the company by an inventor and by MIT ( masochists can read the entire decision here ) .
Willful infringement claims generally mean that a company has to pay three times the normal damages , and previous court decisions meant that the bar for such infringement was rather low .
Companies only had to be found " negligent " to receive a smack with the willful infringement beatdown stick .
Now , the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ( which handles all federal patent appeals ) has raised the bar .
Accusers must now produce " at least a showing of objective recklessness " to claim willful infringement .
Previously , companies would be forced to get the ( expensive ) opinion of outside counsel if they came across a patent that might in any way be possibly relevant to their business .
This led to many companies encouraging employees not to read other companies ' patents , and it could also create big expenses for small firms .
In its decision , the court noted that " there is no affirmative obligation to obtain opinion of counsel " regarding other patents .
The case could still be appealed to the Supreme Court .
Further reforms to the willful infringement standard could come from Congress if the Patent Reform Act of 2007 is passed .
The bill has already cleared committees in both the House and Senate and will be picked up again when Congress returns from its August recess .
The Patent Reform
Act deals with the issue of willful damages , and it requires that a patent owner first notify the alleged infringer ( in detail ) and give the company time to respond .
Only if the infringer then copies the invention can a willful infringement claim be brought .
Willfulness can also not be claimed if the alleged infringer believed the patent was invalid after " reasonable reliance on advice of counsel . "
Should the bill pass , willfulness infringement claims should become less of a minefield for companies and could lead to more patent cases proceeding to trial .
It looks like Congress , the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit , the Supreme Court , and even the USPTO have recognized that patent litigation has become a problem .
Thankfully , they 're at least making an effort to fix it .
Further reading :
Exclusive : Blackwater Turret Gunner ' Paul ' :
Why I Opened Fire in Baghdad The Blackwater gunner says he feared for his life when he started shooting .
Nov. 14 , 2007  -- A 29 - year - old U.S.
Army veteran hired by Blackwater last year is at the center of the investigation into the Sept. 16 shooting incident that killed at least 17 civilians , U.S. officials say .
Identified in government documents with a first name of " Paul , " he was the turret gunner on a Blackwater security detail that day and repeatedly fired at perceived enemy targets , including a bus , according to a sworn statement he gave to State Department investigators three days after the incident .
In the statement , obtained by the Blotter on ABCNews.com , " Paul " says he feared for his life when , as a turret gunner , he opened fire on multiple vehicles and individuals .
The FBI has concluded at least 14 of the deaths were unjustified , according to The New York Times , and the case is reportedly focusing on " turret gunner 3 . "
In his statement , " Paul , " a veteran of U.S. Army deployments in Bosnia and Iraq , describes a scene sharply at odds with the reported initial findings of the FBI investigation .
Read the Full Statement .
( The date on the original document is incorrect ; the incident took place on Sept. 16 . )
The turret gunner told investigators that a white car was driving " directly at our motorcade " and that the driver " looked directly at me and kept moving toward our motorcade , " ignoring what he said were " hand signals and yelling " for the driver to stop .
" Fearing for my life and the lives of my teammates , I engaged the driver and stopped the threat , " the Blackwater guard said in his statement .
It was just the beginning .
He went on to describe why he opened fire on what witnesses have said were bystanders running from the scene .
" I started receiving small arms fire from the shack approximately fifty meters behind the car .
I then engaged the individuals where the muzzle flashes came from , " he said .
Iraqi officials say there was no such small - arms fire aimed at the motorcade of State Department officials .
The Blackwater guard 's account describes why he continued to fire .
" I was told on our radio that the command vehicle was down and that we were still taking fire , " he said .
In his statement , he said he then fired on a man armed with an AK - 47 , later described as an Iraqi police officer .
" As I turned my turret to the six , there was a man in a blue button down shirt with black pants that had his AK oriented to the rear gunner in the follow vehicle .
Fearing for the gunner 's life , I engaged the individual and stopped the threat , " he said .
" Paul " claimed that the motorcade continued to be attacked , even as it was being towed out of the intersection .
" I again was engaged by small arms fire from the red bus that was stopped at the intersection .
I engaged the individuals and stopped the threat , " he said in the statement .
There was still one more target that the Blackwater turret gunner claimed to be an enemy threat in his statement , a passenger car he said he thought might be rigged as a bomb .
" There was a red vehicle backing toward the command vehicle .
Fearing that it was a VBIED [ vehicle - borne improvised explosive device ] , I engaged in order to stop the threat , " his account reads .
In his statement , the Blackwater guard said while in Iraq he had made " numerous split second shoot do n't shoot decisions . "
He said he had successfully completed weapons qualification courses required by the State Department to carry automatic weapons .
Blackwater has maintained its guards acted appropriately in protecting U.S. diplomats from attack .
As to the New York Times account of the FBI 's preliminary findings , the spokesperson said , " Blackwater supports stringent accountability for our industry .
If official findings conclude that someone was complicit in wrongdoing , we will support holding that person accountable .
However , the investigation remains underway and to the best of our understanding , the key people involved in the incident have yet to even speak with authorities . "
By LAURA CLARK
Last updated at 22:49 14 September 2007
Parents whose children bully classmates using text messages or the internet face £ 1,000 fines .
The Government is cracking down on ' cyber bullies ' who use mobile phones , email and social networking websites to threaten or torment fellow pupils .
Ministers want schools to make greater use of parenting orders , under which fines of up to £ 1,000 can be imposed on mothers and fathers who fail to rein in bullying children .
Scroll down for more ...
The tough penalty has come into force after plans were revealed in June to widen its remit from physical bullying .
Schools Secretary Ed Balls will next week outline the tougher stand in guidance to schools and parents on tackling the scourge of bullying .
His department has backed the use of ' safe rooms ' and ' quiet play ' areas in playgrounds where bullied pupils can seek refuge during break times , although critics say this is tantamount to caving in to bullying .
The guidance is also expected to give victims a say in deciding how the perpetrators are punished - by picking up litter , for example .
The advice is intended to strengthen current guidance to take modern trends into account as more pupils are targeted by bullies on the Internet or by text message .
It also includes homophobic bullying .
Parents who have an order imposed are bound over to control their children and may be sent to parenting classes .
If they fail to do enough to stop the bullying they can be charged with a criminal offence and fined up to £ 1,000 .
However the guidance will make it clear that schools are within their rights to expel pupils who fight back against bullies .
It is the first time heads have been allowed to apply directly for parenting orders .
Previously only local councils could apply for the orders .
They will also take effect before pupils are suspended or expelled , whereas before they could be imposed only when a youngster was permanently excluded or suspended twice .
A survey last year of 8,500 children found seven out of ten had been picked on by school bullies , with victims claiming their tormentors had used an average of six different techniques .
These ranged from name - calling and bullying by text message to physical attacks .
Meanwhile , a series of suicides by victims of school bullies has intensified demands for a renewed crackdown on the problem .
The guidance will encourage schools to record all incidents of bullying and report the figures to their local council .
This will help keep track of levels of bullying and expose schools with ' weak or ineffective ' strategies to stamp it out .
In June , the Department for Education said : " The revised anti-bullying guidance will advise schools to develop the different roles that pupils can play in responding to incidents of bullying .
" One of the ways to involve pupils is to encourage them to have a say about the disciplinary sanction regime of their school and suggest suitable sanctions for bullies .
" This will ensure pupils view sanctions as fair and will make them feel they have an influence over tackling the issue . "
Hilton has been operating as a Humanist Chaplain for some time and really likes being able to help people using evidence - based processes .
HiltonT has been in the IT industry for quite a while now and was selected by Microsoft as their SBSC PAL in 2008 - 9 , representing Australian SMB IT providers to Microsoft .
This Blog is his outlet for his thoughts and feelings about life in general ( including the IT industry ) .
Some is good , some is bad , but all in all , its his viewpoint .
Enjoy !
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
in our name : “ We owe the Iraqis because we ’ve been letting them down ever since the first Gulf War .
Your conscience is not clean just because you ’re a peace demonstrator .
The government is us and the moral obligation is with us as a society .
The administration proposed the war ; Congress authorized it ; we are responsible for it .
We can wash our conscience clean with a new election , but there has to be some sort of obligation that falls to us as a society for what our government does in our name . ”
— General Anthony Zinni ( usmc , retired ) , former centcom commander
committed : “ I ’m not very keen to see the Americans just run away because Iraq is facing a crisis .
Americans should understand their obligation , their commitment . ”
— Tariq al - Hashimi , deputy prime minister of Iraq
bad cop : “ The U.S. is a very bad occupier because while it prides itself on taking the moral high ground , it has failed to provide law and order , which is the first duty of an occupier .
The iron logic of the situation is that if you ca n’t terrorize , you ca n’t occupy .
The rest is rubbish . ” — Edward Luttwak , Center for Strategic and International Studies
falling down :
“ It does create a moral problem when you destroy a country ’s infrastructure as we have in Iraq .
We ’re worried about this bridge that came down in Minneapolis , but we ’ve knocked down practically all the major bridges in Iraq .
We have some obligation to help rebuild some of the things we ’ve destroyed .
It will do a lot to improve our position in the world . ” — George McGovern , coauthor of Out of Iraq
take me to your leader : “ The U.S. has to show leadership in responding to the humanitarian issues .
If we do n’t see this leadership coming from the U.S. , other members of the international community are not going to follow . ” — Kristele Younes , Refugees International
not so super power : “ While I feel strongly that after invading Iraq we have a moral obligation to protect Iraqis , it seems that we simply do n’t have the means to live up to our obligation .
U.S. forces have been unable to prevent a pernicious and complex civil war which has killed tens of thousands of Iraqi civilians .
We have n’t been able to prevent the hemorrhaging of 2 million Iraqi refugees .
We have n’t been able to stop Shiite militias and Sunni death squads from wreaking death and destruction .
So despite our efforts , we simply can’t control the violence in Iraq . ” — Senator Christopher Dodd ( D - Conn . )
beyond repair : “ It is important to avoid confusing a moral obligation with an achievable mission .
Arguably we have a moral obligation to stop this civil war that is going on .
I do n’t blame the civil war on the U.S. , but you can argue that we have a moral obligation .
But I would also argue that we do n’t have the ability to stop the civil war .
My lesson from my time [ as the ambassador to Croatia ] in the former Yugoslavia is this :
The tragedy is not the breakup of a country — it is the violence .
God did n’t create a single country .
These are human creations and if they do n’t serve the human needs , then , you know , so be it . ”
— Peter Galbraith , adviser to the Iraqi Kurdish government
friends in need : “ We have to honor our commitments and provide safe haven to Iraqi interpreters and those who have worked very closely with us .
There is certainly this specter for this administration :
If you start admitting large numbers of Iraqis , then you have admitted that you have a failure and there is a rush to the door for the innocents to get out . ” — Maj. General Paul Eaton ( retired ) , oversaw training of Iraqi security forces 2003 - 2004
worse than vietnam : “ I think the aftermath will be more serious than Vietnam .
It will be more of a traumatic experience .
There will be a series of images like the roof of the American Embassy in Saigon .
That may be pictures of children in the streets of Baghdad .
There will be some images that dominate our failure . ”
— Colonel Sam Gardiner ( usaf , retired ) , military analyst and Pentagon consultant
our mess : “ We put the Iraqis in this mess and now we ’re bailing on them .
I do n’t know how you deal with that .
Obviously we ’ve got an enormous moral responsibility for making this mess with no plan to fix it , and just kind of dithering as it gets worse and worse .
There ’s no way to get that balance sheet right . ”
— Colonel T.X. Hammes ( usmc , retired ) , counterinsurgency expert
un-american : “ We ca n’t just turn around and arbitrarily leave because the problem became too difficult .
That ’s not what America is about .
If we turn our back on Iraq , it is my professional opinion that we will have a bloodbath in Iraq .
The repercussions for our foreign policy are going to be huge . ” — Major Daniel Morgan , School of Advanced Military Studies
blame game : “ You want to draw down ?
Fine .
What are your troops going to do when they sit there in their bunkers and innocent people are dying ?
There are no easy answers .
Whatever happens there , whether we are there or not , we are going to be blamed .
You have to get used to it .
I meet a lot with people from the region and I start , ‘ It ’s all my fault .
Blame me . ' ” — Judith Yaphe , National Defense University
Click on an image below to see related charts and maps :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
It was an elegant example of the Clinton style , a rhetorical maneuver subtle , bold , and banal all at once .
During a Democratic candidate forum in June , hosted by the liberal evangelical group Sojourners , Hillary Clinton fielded a softball query about Bill ’s infidelity : How had her faith gotten her through the Lewinsky scandal ?
After a glancing shot at Republican “ pharisees , ” Clinton explained that , of course , her “ very serious ” grounding in faith had helped her weather the affair .
But she had also relied on the “ extended faith family ” that came to her aid , “ people whom I knew who were literally praying for me in prayer chains , who were prayer warriors for me . ”
Such references to spiritual warfare — prayer as battle against Satan , evil , and sin — might seem like heavy evangelical rhetoric for the senator from New York , but they went over well with the Sojourners audience , as did her call to “ inject faith into policy . ”
It was language that recalled Clinton ’s Jesus moment a year earlier , when she ’d summoned the Bible to decry a Republican anti-immigrant initiative that she said would “ criminalize the good Samaritan … and even Jesus himself . ”
Liberal Christians crowed ( “ Hillary Clinton Shows the Way Democrats Can Use the Bible , ” declared a blogger at TPMCafe ) while conservative pundits cried foul , accusing Clinton of scoring points with a faith not really her own .
In fact , Clinton ’s God talk is more complicated — and more deeply rooted — than either fans or foes would have it , a revelation not just of her determination to out - Jesus the gop , but of the powerful religious strand in her own politics .
Over the past year , we ’ve interviewed dozens of Clinton ’s friends , mentors , and pastors about her faith , her politics , and how each shapes the other .
And while media reports tend to characterize Clinton ’s subtle recalibration of tone and style as part of the Democrats ’ broader move to recapture the terrain of “ moral values , ” those who know her say there ’s far more to it than that .
Through all of her years in Washington , Clinton has been an active participant in conservative Bible study and prayer circles that are part of a secretive Capitol Hill group known as the Fellowship .
Her collaborations with right - wingers such as Senator Sam Brownback ( R - Kan . ) and former Senator Rick Santorum ( R - Pa . ) grow in part from that connection .
“ A lot of evangelicals would see that as just cynical exploitation , ” says the Reverend Rob Schenck , a former leader of the militant anti-abortion group Operation Rescue who now ministers to decision makers in Washington .
“ I do n’t …. there is a real good that is infected in people when they are around Jesus talk , and open Bibles , and prayer . ”
Clinton ’s faith is grounded in the Methodist beliefs she grew up with in Park Ridge , Illinois , a conservative Chicago suburb where she was active in her church ’s altar guild , Sunday school , and youth group .
It was there , in 1961 , that she met the Reverend Don Jones , a 30 - year - old youth pastor ; Jones , a friend of Clinton ’s to this day , told us he knows “ more about Hillary Clinton ’s faith than anybody outside her family . ”
Because Jones introduced Clinton and her teenage peers to the civil rights movement and modern poetry and art , Clinton biographers often cast him as a proto - ’60s liberal who sowed seeds of radicalism throughout Park Ridge .
Jones , though , describes his theology as neoorthodox , guided by the belief that social change should come about slowly and without radical action .
It emerged , he says , as a third way , a reaction against both separatist fundamentalism and the New Deal ’s labor - based liberalism .
Under Jones ’ mentorship , Clinton learned about Reinhold Niebuhr and Paul Tillich — thinkers whom liberals consider their own , but whom young Hillary Rodham encountered as theological conservatives .
The Niebuhr she studied was a cold warrior , dismissive of the progressive politics of his earlier writing .
“ He ’d thought that once we were unionized , the kingdom of God would be ushered in , ” Jones explains .
“ But the effect of those two world wars and the violence that they produced shook his faith in liberal theology .
He came to believe that the achievement of justice meant a clear understanding of the limitations of the human condition . ”
Tillich , whose sermon on grace Clinton turned to during the Lewinsky scandal , today enjoys a following among conservatives for revising the social gospel — the notion that Christians are to improve humanity ’s lot here on earth by fighting poverty , inequality , and exploitation — to emphasize individual redemption instead of activism .
Niebuhr and Tillich ’s combination of aggressiveness in foreign affairs and limited domestic ambition naturally led Clinton toward the gop .
She was a Goldwater Girl who , under the tutelage of her high school history teacher Paul Carlson ( whom Jones describes as “ to the right of the John Birchers ” ) , attended biweekly anticommunist meetings and later served as president of Wellesley ’s Young Republicans chapter .
Out of step with the era ’s radicalism , Clinton wrote Jones from college , lamenting that her fellow students did n’t believe that one could be “ a mind conservative and a heart liberal . ”
To Jones , this question indicated that Clinton shared Niebuhr ’s notion of Christians needing to have “ a dark enough view of life that they can be realistic about what ’s possible . ”
Two decades later , while Bill was campaigning for president , Clinton picked up that theme once more , displaying a theological depth that conservative believers could appreciate .
In an interview with the United Methodist Reporter , she expressed regret that her church had focused too much on social gospel concerns in the ’60s , ’70s , and ’ 80s , “ to the exclusion of personal faith and growth . ”
The spirit , believe theological conservatives , matters more than the flesh .
Clinton added that she was happy to see her liberal denomination becoming more salvation centered in the ’90s .
When Clinton first came to Washington in 1993 , one of her first steps was to join a Bible study group .
For the next eight years , she regularly met with a Christian “ cell ” whose members included Susan Baker , wife of Bush consigliere James Baker ; Joanne Kemp , wife of conservative icon Jack Kemp ; Eileen Bakke , wife of Dennis Bakke , a leader in the anti-union Christian management movement ; and Grace Nelson , the wife of Senator Bill Nelson , a conservative Florida Democrat .
Clinton ’s prayer group was part of the Fellowship ( or “ the Family ” ) , a network of sex - segregated cells of political , business , and military leaders dedicated to “ spiritual war ” on behalf of Christ , many of them recruited at the Fellowship ’s only public event , the annual National Prayer Breakfast .
( Aside from the breakfast , the group has “ made a fetish of being invisible , ” former Republican Senator William Armstrong has said . )
The Fellowship believes that the elite win power by the will of God , who uses them for his purposes .
Its mission is to help the powerful understand their role in God ’s plan .
Clinton declined our requests for an interview about her faith , but in Living History , she describes her first encounter with Fellowship leader Doug Coe at a 1993 lunch with her prayer cell at the Cedars , the Fellowship ’s majestic estate on the Potomac .
Coe , she writes , “ is a unique presence in Washington : a genuinely loving spiritual mentor and guide to anyone , regardless of party or faith , who wants to deepen his or her relationship with God . ”
The Fellowship ’s ideas are essentially a blend of Calvinism and Norman Vincent Peale , the 1960s preacher of positive thinking .
It ’s a cheery faith in the “ elect ” chosen by a single voter — God — and a devotion to Romans 13:1 : “ Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers … .
The powers that be are ordained of God . ”
Or , as Coe has put it , “ we work with power where we can , build new power where we can ’t . ”
When Time put together a list of the nation ’s 25 most powerful evangelicals in 2005 , the heading for Coe ’s entry was “ The Stealth Persuader . ”
“ You know what I think of when I think of Doug Coe ? ” the Reverend Schenck ( a Coe admirer ) asked us .
“ I think literally of the guy in the smoky back room that you ca n’t even see his face .
He sits in the corner , and you see the cigar , and you see the flame , and you hear his voice — but you never see his face .
He ’s that shadowy figure . ”
Coe has been an intimate of every president since Ford , but he rarely imposes on chief executives , who see him as a slightly mystical but apolitical figure .
Rather , Coe uses his access to the Oval Office as currency with lesser leaders .
“ If Doug Coe can get you some face time with the President of the United States , ” one official told the author of a Princeton study of the National Prayer Breakfast last year , “ then you will take his call and seek his friendship .
That ’s power . ”
“ If you ’re going to do religion in public life , ” concurs Schenck , a Jewish convert to fundamentalist Christianity who ’s retained his sense of irony , Coe ’s friendship is a kind of “ kosher …seal of approval . ”
Coe ’s friends include former Attorney General John Ashcroft , Reaganite Edwin Meese III , and ultraconservative Rep. Joe Pitts ( R - Pa . ) .
Under Coe ’s guidance , Meese has hosted weekly prayer breakfasts for politicians , businesspeople , and diplomats , and Pitts rose from obscurity to head the House Values Action Team , an off - the - record network of religious right groups and members of Congress created by Tom DeLay .
The corresponding Senate Values Action Team is guided by another Coe protégé , Brownback , who also claims to have recruited King Abdullah of Jordan into a regular study of Jesus ’ teachings .
The Fellowship ’s long - term goal is “ a leadership led by God— leaders of all levels of society who direct projects as they are led by the spirit . ”
According to the Fellowship ’s archives , the spirit has in the past led its members in Congress to increase U.S. support for the Duvalier regime in Haiti and the Park dictatorship in South Korea .
The Fellowship ’s God-led men have also included General Suharto of Indonesia ; Honduran general and death squad organizer Gustavo Alvarez Martinez ; a Deutsche Bank official disgraced by financial ties to Hitler ; and dictator Siad Barre of Somalia , plus a list of other generals and dictators .
Clinton , says Schenck , has become a regular visitor to Coe ’s Arlington , Virginia , headquarters , a former convent where Coe provides members of Congress with sex- segregated housing and spiritual guidance .
We contacted all of Clinton ’s Fellowship cell mates , but only one agreed to speak — though she stressed that there ’s much she ’s not “ at liberty ” to reveal .
Grace Nelson used to be the organizer of the Florida Governor ’s Prayer Breakfast , which makes her a piety broker in Florida politics — she would decide who could share the head table with Jeb Bush .
Clinton ’s prayer cell was tight - knit , according to Nelson , who recalled that one of her conservative prayer partners was at first loath to pray for the first lady , but learned to “ love Hillary as much as any of us love Hillary . ”
Cells like these , Nelson added , exist in “ parliaments all over the world , ” with all welcome so long as they submit to “ the person of Jesus ” as the source of their power .
Throughout her time at the White House , Clinton writes in Living History , she took solace from “ daily scriptures ” sent to her by her Fellowship prayer cell , along with Coe ’s assurances that she was right where God wanted her .
( Clinton ’s sense of divine guidance has been noted by others : Bishop Richard Wilke , who presided over the United Methodist Church of Arkansas during her years in Little Rock , told us , “ If I asked Hillary , ‘ What does the Lord want you to do ? ’ she would say , ‘ I think I ’m called by the Lord to be in public service at whatever level he wants me . ' ” )
Coe counsels that Fellowship cells should n’t engage in direct evangelical activism , but rather allow Christian causes to benefit from the bonds that develop within the cells .
Former Nixon counsel Chuck Colson provides a rare illustration of the process in his 1976 Watergate memoir , Born Again .
Facing prosecution in 1973 , Colson allowed Coe to ensconce him in a Fellowship cell with a Nixon foe , Senator Harold Hughes .
Hughes became the Nixon hatchet man ’s staunchest defender , voting in favor of a possible pardon for Colson and later supporting Colson as he built Prison Fellowship , now one of the most powerful organizations of the Christian right .
That ’s how it works :
The Fellowship is n’t out to turn liberals into conservatives ; rather , it convinces politicians they can transcend left and right with an ecumenical faith that rises above politics .
Only the faith is always evangelical , and the politics always move rightward .
This is in line with the Christian right ’s long - term strategy .
Francis Schaeffer , late guru of the movement , coined the term “ cobelligerency ” to describe the alliances evangelicals must forge with conservative Catholics .
Colson , his most influential disciple , has refined the concept of cobelligerency to deal with less - than - pure politicians .
In this application , conservatives sit pretty and wait for liberals looking for common ground to come to them .
Clinton , Colson told us , “ has a lot of history ” to overcome , but he sees her making the right moves .
These days , Clinton has graduated from the political wives ’ group into what may be Coe ’s most elite cell , the weekly Senate Prayer Breakfast .
Though weighted Republican , the breakfast — regularly attended by about 40 members — is a bipartisan opportunity for politicians to burnish their reputations , giving Clinton the chance to profess her faith with men such as Brownback as well as the twin terrors of Oklahoma , James Inhofe and Tom Coburn , and , until recently , former Senator George Allen ( R - Va . ) .
Democrats in the group include Arkansas Senator Mark Pryor , who told us that the separation of church and state has gone too far ; Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) is also a regular .
Unlikely partnerships have become a Clinton trademark .
Some are symbolic , such as her support for a ban on flag burning with Senator Bob Bennett ( R - Utah ) and funding for research on the dangers of video games with Brownback and Santorum .
But Clinton has also joined the gop on legislation that redefines social justice issues in terms of conservative morality , such as an anti-human - trafficking law that withheld funding from groups working on the sex trade if they did n’t condemn prostitution in the proper terms .
With Santorum , Clinton co-sponsored the Workplace Religious Freedom
Act ; she did n’t back off even after Republican senators such as Pennsylvania ’s Arlen Specter pulled their names from the bill citing concerns that the measure would protect those refusing to perform key aspects of their jobs — say , pharmacists who wo n’t fill birth control prescriptions , or police officers who wo n’t guard abortion clinics .
Clinton has championed federal funding of faith - based social services , which she embraced years before George W. Bush did ; Marci Hamilton , author of God vs. the Gavel , says that the Clintons ’ approach to faith - based initiatives “ set the stage for Bush . ”
Clinton has also long supported the Defense of Marriage Act , a measure that has become a purity test for any candidate wishing to avoid war with the Christian right .
Liberal rabbi Michael Lerner , whose “ politics of meaning ” Clinton made famous in a speech early in her White House tenure , sees the senator ’s ambivalence as both more and less than calculated opportunism .
He believes she has genuine sympathy for liberal causes — rights for women , gays , immigrants — but often will not follow through .
“ There is something in her that pushes her toward caring about others , as long as there ’s no price to pay .
But in politics , there is a price to pay . ”
In politics , those who pay tribute to the powerful also reap rewards .
When Ed Klein ’s attack bio , The Truth About Hillary , came out in 2005 , some of her most prominent defenders were Christian conservatives , among them Southern Baptist Theological Seminary President Albert Mohler .
“ Christians , ” he declared , “ should repudiate this book and determine to take no pleasure in it . ”
Senator Brownback understood the temptation .
He used to hate Clinton so much , he told us , that the hate hurt .
Then came the Clintons ’ 1994 National Prayer Breakfast appearance with Mother Teresa , who upbraided the couple for their pro-choice views .
Bill made no attempt to conceal his anger , but Hillary took it and smiled .
Brownback remembers thinking , “ Now , there ’s gotta be a great lesson here . ”
He did n’t know what it was until Clinton got to the Senate and joined him in supporting DeLay ’s Day of Reconciliation resolution following the 2000 election , a proposal described by its backers as a call to “ pray for our leaders . ”
Now , Brownback considers Clinton “ a beautiful child of the living God . ”
Clinton , for her part , turned Mother Teresa ’s sucker punch into political opportunity .
She met with the nun after the prayer breakfast , visited her orphanage in India , helped her set up another one in Washington ( which has since become an apparently inoperative branch of Mother Teresa ’s conservative Vatican order , the Missionaries of Charity ) , and generally built a highly visible friendship with a figure whose moral bona fides also came with an anti-abortion imprimatur that could n’t but help Clinton on the right .
Of course , no matter how much Clinton speaks of common ground , she does n’t stand a chance of winning votes among pro-lifers .
As Tom McClusky of the Family Research Council , command central for Washington ’s Christian right , told us , movement conservatives consider legislation like Clinton ’s Putting Prevention First Act , which supports greater access to birth control and sex ed , “ just another condom giveaway . ”
But the senator ’s project is n’t the conversion of her adversaries ; it ’s tempering their opposition so she can court a new generation of Clinton Republicans , values voters who have grown estranged from the Christian right .
And while such crossover conservatives may never agree with her on the old litmus - test issues , there is an important , and broader , common ground — the kind of faith - based politics that , under the right circumstances , will permit majority morality to trump individual rights .
The libertarian Cato Institute recently observed that Clinton is “ adding the paternalistic agenda of the religious right to her old - fashioned liberal paternalism . ”
Clinton suggests as much herself in her 1996 book , It Takes a Village , where she writes approvingly of religious groups ’ access to schools , lessons in Scripture , and “ virtue ” making a return to the classroom .
Then , as now , Clinton confounded secularists who recognize public faith only when it comes wrapped in a cornpone accent .
Clinton speaks instead the language of nondenominationalism — a sober , eloquent appreciation of “ values , ” the importance of prayer , and “ heart ” convictions — which liberals , unfamiliar with the history of evangelical coalition building , mistake for a tidy , apolitical accommodation , a personal separation of church and state .
Nor do skeptical voters looking for political opportunism recognize that , when Clinton seeks guidance among prayer partners such as Coe and Brownback , she is not so much triangulating — much as that may have become second nature — as honoring her convictions .
In her own way , she is a true believer .
Nobel Prize for Al Gore : “ Old Europe ” fires back at the Bush administration
By Patrick Martin
13 October 2007
The awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to former Vice President Al Gore is a political statement by the European bourgeoisie about the policies of the Bush administration and the politics of the United States .
Rarely has there been such an open intervention by the European ruling elite in the internal politics of America .
The political significance of Gore ’s selection is clear , given that he is still an active figure in American politics , widely mentioned as a potential presidential candidate , who has on occasions attacked both the foreign and domestic policies of the Bush administration .
At the very least , the award can be taken as a signal from the Norwegian political establishment — from which the selection committee is chosen — that it hopes for a Democratic victory in the 2008 presidential election .
The chairman of the prize committee , Ole Danbolt Mjoes , denied the obvious rebuke to the Bush administration , declaring , “ A peace prize is never a criticism of anything .
A peace prize is a positive message and support to all those champions of peace in the world . ”
Vice President Gore , however , is hardly to be identified with the cause of “ peace . ”
One of only ten Senate Democrats who voted for the first US war against Iraq in 1990 , he was second - in - command of an administration that dispatched US troops to Somalia , Haiti and Bosnia , financed death squads in Colombia , bombed Iraq , Afghanistan and Sudan , maintained an economic blockade of Iraq that caused the death of an estimated 500,000 Iraqi children , and waged a devastating air war against Serbia .
The Nobel Peace Prize has little in common with the similar prizes awarded to leading scientists and literary figures , whose recipients are being honored for an entire career , or a signal achievement , usually decades old , that has stood the test of time .
Because of the worldwide prestige and visibility given the Peace Prize , the choosing of its recipient has become a major political event , signaling those issues , events or countries that are of greatest concern to the European ruling elite .
The method of selection , laid down in the will of the billionaire inventor of dynamite , Alfred Nobel , ensures that the award will be a political decision reflecting a broad consensus in the European bourgeoisie .
While the other Nobel prize winners are selected by committees of experts in the various fields , such as the Swedish Academy of Science , the recipient of the peace prize is picked by a committee chosen by the Norwegian parliament , its five members selected on the basis of party strength in that legislative body .
The five members of the committee that selected Gore include four former members of parliament , two of them former cabinet members , and the former president of the University of Tromso .
Five political parties are represented , from the far right to the far left of the bourgeois political spectrum in Norway : Progress ( ultra - right and anti-immigrant ) , Conservative , Christian Peoples Party ( Christian Democratic ) , Labour ( social democratic ) and Socialist Left ( Green and anti-European Union ) .
All five parties have held government office as part of rival coalitions at one time or another in the past five years .
Two concerns seem evident in the selection of Gore and the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , a UN organization , as the joint recipients of this year ’s award : a determination to elevate the issue of climate change , and concern over signs of increasing political , social and economic instability in the United States .
In its award citation , the prize committee emphasized the political implications of climate change , declaring that global warming “ may induce large - scale migration and lead to greater competition for the Earth ’s resources .
Such changes will place particularly heavy burdens on the world ’s most vulnerable countries .
There may be increased danger of violent conflicts and wars , within and between states . ”
As the World Socialist Web Site has previously noted , in our analysis of the G - 8 summit held in June ( “ Climate compromise masks mounting conflicts ” ) , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and other European government leaders have begun to raise the issue of climate change for a combination of domestic , economic and foreign policy reasons .
At home , Merkel , Nicolas Sarkozy in France and other right - wing politicians have made use of the issue to woo sections of the middle class away from social democratic and Green parties .
They also aim to establish European predominance in the increasingly lucrative markets for alternative energy sources and fuel - efficient technology , and to decrease Europe ’s dependence on outside energy suppliers , partially Russia and the Persian Gulf .
Climate change has also become a means to creating a common front of all the major European powers , overcoming the divisions that came to the surface over the US invasion of Iraq in 2003 .
France and Germany — derided as “ old Europe ” by then - US Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld — publicly opposed the war , while Britain , Italy , Spain and many eastern European countries participated in it .
At this year ’s G - 8 summit , the European powers were able to form a bloc on the danger of global warming that for the first time compelled the Bush administration to make at least verbal concessions , six years after Bush unilaterally repudiated the Kyoto Treaty on climate change .
If its purpose had been limited to highlighting the danger of climate change , however , there would have been no need for the Nobel prize committee to select Gore .
Giving the Peace Prize to the UN ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change would have been quite sufficient .
The action would have been well within the traditional pattern for the award , which has been given to a series of UN agencies , such as the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , the UN High Commissioner for Refugees ( UNHCR ) , the UN Peacekeeping Forces , and UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan .
In selecting Gore , the peace prize committee was taking direct aim at the Bush administration , for the third time in the past six years : in 2002 the peace prize went to former US President Jimmy Carter , an increasingly vocal critic of the Bush administration ; in 2005 the award went to the International Atomic Energy Agency and its chief , Mohamed ElBaradei , then under fire from the Bush administration because he had criticized its fraudulent claims of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and refused to back a similar campaign against Iran .
The prize committee ’s citation declared that Gore ’s “ strong commitment , reflected in political activity , lectures , films and books , has strengthened the struggle against climate change .
He is probably the single individual who has done most to create greater worldwide understanding of the measures that need to be adopted . ”
It is true that Gore is widely identified with raising public concerns about the danger of global warming , in his books and in the lecture tour that became the subject of the documentary film An Inconvenient Truth , as well as in a series of environmentally themed rock concerts like this year ’s Live Earth day .
But for all his claims of a “ planetary emergency , ” the measures which Gore proposes for dealing with the dangers of climate change fail to address the fundamental cause of environmental degradation : the unplanned and anarchic nature of the profit system .
( See : “ Al Gore ’s An Inconvenient Truth : political posturing and the Democratic Party ” )
To deal seriously with the threat of global warming requires a rational and internationally coordinated scientific plan , including the provision of enormous resources for public transportation systems and alternative forms of energy production .
Such worldwide planning would become possible only through a bold campaign of socialist measures , carried out on an international scale , including the transformation of the energy and utility companies into publicly owned entities operated under democratic control .
Gore , of course , is a capitalist politician , and has grown wealthy from stockholdings in Apple , Google and other high - tech giants .
He is incapable , by ideology and by social interest , of offering a serious program to deal with climate change .
Moreover , Gore has talked a better game than he has played .
When in office , as vice president for eight years , he did little to advance his avowed environmental concerns .
The Kyoto Treaty , which Gore played a significant role in drafting , was a largely symbolic exercise , and the Clinton administration never submitted it for ratification by the Senate because of intense opposition by American business interests .
There has been considerable media speculation , in the wake of Nobel prize announcement , that Gore may seek to leverage the award by entering the contest for the Democratic presidential nomination .
Dozens of “ draft Gore ” committees have sprung up and been given wide media publicity , although Gore himself and his closest aides have disavowed any immediate interest in such a race .
It is doubtful that the Nobel prize committee aimed to inject Gore into the presidential campaign in such a direct and obvious fashion .
However , behind the award is a widespread concern in ruling circles of Europe that the crisis in the United States is developing far more rapidly than the US political establishment anticipates .
Gore is being held in waiting , in the event that a political radicalization erupts , sparked by financial crises , rising social tensions , the ongoing bloodbath in Iraq or some new military adventure by the Bush - Cheney administration , that threatens to escape the boundaries of the established two - party system in the US .
This danger is exacerbated by the extreme telescoping of the US presidential election process .
Both Democratic and Republican nominees are likely to be selected by mid-February , given the accelerated primary schedule in which nearly half of all delegates will be chosen by February 5 for nominating conventions that do not take place until late August .
The Democrats and Republicans could well have settled on pro-war candidates — Hillary Clinton for the Democrats , any of the leading Republicans — leaving mass antiwar sentiment disenfranchised and millions of people looking for an alternative .
Under such circumstances , a Nobel Peace Prize winner and critic of the Iraq war could well play the role of safety valve for bourgeois politics .
Gore has already demonstrated his fundamental commitment to the stability of bourgeois institutions and bourgeois rule , through his conduct during the 2000 election crisis in Florida .
Despite winning the popular vote , Gore capitulated to the right - wing Republican hijacking of Florida ’s electoral votes , ratified by the intervention of a politically motivated 5 - 4 majority of the US Supreme Court .
Gore and the Democrats refused to conduct any serious struggle against the trampling on democracy in Florida because they were far more alarmed by the possible consequences of a popular mobilization against the right - wing electoral coup than they were by the coup itself , which placed Bush in the White House .
They thus share political responsibility for all the crimes committed by Bush , Cheney & Co. since the Bush administration was inaugurated on January 20 , 2001 .
There is ample history to suggest that the Nobel prize committee took note of Gore ’s conduct in the 2000 crisis in its internal deliberations .
From the 1970s through the 1990s , the Peace Prize was frequently awarded to political dissidents whom the prize committee hoped to build up as alternatives to popular revolutionary movements against corrupt and crisis - stricken regimes .
These included figures such as Lech Walesa of Poland , Desmond Tutu in South Africa , Adolfo Esquivel in Argentina , Aung San Suu Kyi in Burma , Rigoberta Menchu in Guatemala , and Jose Ramos - Horta in East Timor .
The selection of Al Gore for the Nobel Peace Prize suggests that the European bourgeoisie sees the danger of a mass upheaval from below taking place in the United States , the center of world capitalism .
Okay , now look .
There 's nothing wrong with the idea of homeopaths giving out what amount to sugar pills .
The placebo effect can be powerful , because it's not just about the pill , it 's about the cultural meaning of the treatment .
So we know from research that four placebo sugar pills a day are more effective than two for eradicating gastric ulcers ( and that 's not subjective - you measure ulcers by putting a camera into your stomach ) ; we know that salt water injections are a more effective treatment for pain than sugar pills , not because salt water injections are medically active , but because injections are a more dramatic intervention .
Similarly , we know that sugar pills have no physical side effects .
This is great , because there are many people for whom there is little effective biomedical treatment : a lot of back pain , for example , or most colds and flu .
Trying every pill in the book will only elicit side effects , so a sugar pill might be a great remedy .
Homeopaths would be fine , if they could just shut up about serious stuff , like Aids , or malaria , or MMR .
This week I received a flyer for a conference organised by the Society of Homeopaths , the biggest professional organisation for homeopaths in the UK .
" Join us at this one - day symposium in London for a fascinating insight into the role of homeopathy in treating HIV / Aids . "
It 's a pretty fascinating flyer .
" In searching for an effective remedy for treating the Aids epidemic in Africa , the UK homeopath Peter Chappell discovered a method to design remedies fitting the totality of a disease .
These remedies are now known as PC remedies . "
In case you 're wondering how he makes them , Peter explains on his own site how he " creates a holistic mirror energy / information set to the disease using a special process he does not yet disclose " .
The society 's conference materials are gushing .
" He [ their lecturer ] observed that in just a few days or weeks patients become symptom - free and able to return to their jobs and schools or to look after their children again .
Peter believes that using the PC1 remedy , the Aids epidemic can be called to a halt , and that homeopaths are the ones that can do it . "
On his own site , Peter is even more explicit : " PC1 for HIV / Aids works " .
How well ?
" In all cases . "
Placebos are great , but when their right to peddle fiction is flattered too hard , people can get carried away , and homeopathy has a bad history in this regard .
A Newsnight undercover survey caught out 10 who were cheerfully recommending people to use ineffective homeopathic malaria prophylaxis when travelling to high - risk areas , giving no sensible advice to accompany it .
A published undercover survey , with a researcher posing as a mother asking for vaccine advice , polled 77 homeopaths : not one advised her to give MMR to her child , and a third actively advised against it .
Peddling fiction is the homeopath 's trade .
Attacking medicine is their marketing device .
It 's probably harmless , and arguably helpful , but only if you are absolutely certain that you can manage those two risks .
I see no sign of critical self - appraisal within the profession .
Full references and flyer : badscience.net
So why are they for personal use only ?
Do they not have faith in Linux ?
IDS
HAS the supermarket trolley dethroned the ballot box ?
Voter turnout in most developed countries has fallen in recent decades , but sales of organic , Fairtrade and local food — each with its own political agenda — are growing fast .
Such food allows shoppers to express their political opinions , from concern for the environment to support for poor farmers , every time they buy groceries .
And shoppers are jumping at the opportunity , says Marion Nestle , a nutritionist at New York University and the author of “ Food Politics ” ( 2002 ) and “ What to Eat ” ( 2006 ) .
“ What I hear as I talk to people is this phenomenal sense of despair about their inability to do anything about climate change , or the disparity between rich and poor , ” she says .
“ But when they go into a grocery store they can do something — they can make decisions about what they are buying and send a very clear message . ”
Those in the food - activism movement agree .
“ It definitely has a positive effect , ” says Ian Bretman of Fairtrade Labelling Organisations ( FLO ) International , the Fairtrade umbrella group .
Before the advent of ethical and organic labels , he notes , the usual way to express political views using food was to impose boycotts .
But such labels make a political act out of consumption , rather than non-consumption — which is far more likely to produce results , he suggests .
“ That 's how you build effective , constructive engagement with companies .
If you try to do a boycott or slag them off as unfair or evil , you wo n't be able to get them round the table . ”
Consumers have more power than they realise , says Chris Wille of the Rainforest Alliance , a conservation group .
“ They are at one end of the supply chain , farmers are at the other , and consumers really do have the power to send a message back all the way through that complicated supply chain , ” he explains .
“ If the message is frequent , loud and consistent enough , then they can actually change practices , and we see that happening on the ground . ”
The $ 30 billion organic - food industry “ was created by consumers voting with their dollars , ” says Michael Pollan , the author of “ The Omnivore 's Dilemma ” ( 2006 ) , another of this year 's crop of books on food politics .
Normally , he says , a sharp distinction is made between people 's actions as citizens , in which they are expected to consider the well - being of society , and their actions as consumers , which are assumed to be selfish .
Food choices appear to reconcile the two .
How green is your organic lettuce ?
Yet even an apparently obvious claim — that organic food is better for the environment than the conventionally farmed kind — turns out to be controversial .
There are many different definitions of the term “ organic ” , but it generally involves severe restrictions on the use of synthetic pesticides and fertilisers and a ban on genetically modified organisms .
Peter Melchett of the Soil Association , Britain 's leading organic lobby group , says that environmental concerns , rather than health benefits , are now cited by British consumers as their main justification for buying organic food .
( There is no clear evidence that conventional food is harmful or that organic food is nutritionally superior . )
But not everyone agrees that organic farming is better for the environment .
Perhaps the most eminent critic of organic farming is Norman Borlaug , the father of the “ green revolution ” , winner of the Nobel peace prize and an outspoken advocate of the use of synthetic fertilisers to increase crop yields .
He claims the idea that organic farming is better for the environment is “ ridiculous ” because organic farming produces lower yields and therefore requires more land under cultivation to produce the same amount of food .
Thanks to synthetic fertilisers , Mr Borlaug points out , global cereal production tripled between 1950 and 2000 , but the amount of land used increased by only 10 % .
Using traditional techniques such as crop rotation , compost and manure to supply the soil with nitrogen and other minerals would have required a tripling of the area under cultivation .
The more intensively you farm , Mr Borlaug contends , the more room you have left for rainforest .
What of the claim that organic farming is more energy - efficient ?
Lord Melchett points out for example that the artificial fertiliser used in conventional farming is made using natural gas , which is “ completely unsustainable ” .
But Anthony Trewavas , a biochemist at the University of Edinburgh , counters that organic farming actually requires more energy per tonne of food produced , because yields are lower and weeds are kept at bay by ploughing .
And Mr Pollan notes that only one - fifth of the energy associated with food production across the whole food chain is consumed on the farm : the rest goes on transport and processing .
The most environmentally benign form of agriculture appears to be “ no till ” farming , which involves little or no ploughing and relies on cover crops and carefully applied herbicides to control weeds .
This makes it hard to combine with organic methods ( though some researchers are trying ) .
Too rigid an insistence on organic farming 's somewhat arbitrary rules , then — copper , a heavy metal , can be used as an organic fungicide because it is traditional — can actually hinder the adoption of greener agricultural techniques .
Alas , shoppers look in vain for “ no till ” labels on their food — at least so far .
Fair enough
What about Fairtrade ?
Its aim is to address “ the injustice of low prices ” by guaranteeing that producers receive a fair price “ however unfair the conventional market is ” , according to FLO International 's website .
In essence , it means paying producers an above - market “ Fairtrade ” price for their produce , provided they meet particular labour and production standards .
In the case of coffee , for example , Fairtrade farmers receive a minimum of $ 1.26 per pound for their coffee , or $ 0.05 above the market price if it exceeds that floor .
This premium is passed back to the producers to spend on development programmes .
The market for Fairtrade products is much smaller than that for organic products , but is growing much faster : it increased by 37 % to reach € 1.1 billion ( $ 1.4 billion ) in 2005 .
Who could object to that ?
The Guardian
Economists , for a start .
The standard economic argument against Fairtrade goes like this : the low price of commodities such as coffee is due to overproduction , and ought to be a signal to producers to switch to growing other crops .
Paying a guaranteed Fairtrade premium — in effect , a subsidy — both prevents this signal from getting through and , by raising the average price paid for coffee , encourages more producers to enter the market .
This then drives down the price of non-Fairtrade coffee even further , making non-Fairtrade farmers poorer .
Fairtrade does not address the basic problem , argues Tim Harford , author of “ The Undercover Economist ” ( 2005 ) , which is that too much coffee is being produced in the first place .
Instead , it could even encourage more production .
Mr Bretman of FLO International disagrees .
In practice , he says , farmers cannot afford to diversify out of coffee when the price falls .
Fairtrade producers can use the premiums they receive to make the necessary investments to diversify into other crops .
But surely the price guarantee actually reduces the incentive to diversify ?
Another objection to Fairtrade is that certification is predicated on political assumptions about the best way to organise labour .
In particular , for some commodities ( including coffee ) certification is available only to co-operatives of small producers , who are deemed to be most likely to give workers a fair deal when deciding how to spend the Fairtrade premium .
Coffee plantations or large family firms cannot be certified .
Mr Bretman says the rules vary from commodity to commodity , but are intended to ensure that the Fairtrade system helps those most in need .
Yet limiting certification to co-ops means “ missing out on helping the vast majority of farm workers , who work on plantations , ” says Mr Wille of the Rainforest Alliance , which certifies producers of all kinds .
Guaranteeing a minimum price also means there is no incentive to improve quality , grumble coffee - drinkers , who find that the quality of Fairtrade brews varies widely .
Again , the Rainforest Alliance does things differently .
It does not guarantee a minimum price or offer a premium but provides training , advice and better access to credit .
That consumers are often willing to pay more for a product with the RA logo on it is an added bonus , not the result of a formal subsidy scheme ; such products must still fend for themselves in the marketplace .
“ We want farmers to have control of their own destinies , to learn to market their products in these competitive globalised markets , so they are not dependent on some NGO , ” says Mr Wille .
But perhaps the most cogent objection to Fairtrade is that it is an inefficient way to get money to poor producers .
Retailers add their own enormous mark - ups to Fairtrade products and mislead consumers into thinking that all of the premium they are paying is passed on .
Mr Harford calculates that only 10 % of the premium paid for Fairtrade coffee in a coffee bar trickles down to the producer .
Fairtrade coffee , like the organic produce sold in supermarkets , is used by retailers as a means of identifying price - insensitive consumers who will pay more , he says .
As with organic food , the Fairtrade movement is under attack both from outsiders who think it is misguided and from insiders who think it has sold its soul .
In particular , the launch by Nestlé , a food giant , of Partners ' Blend , a Fairtrade coffee , has convinced activists that the Fairtrade movement is caving in to big business .
Nestlé sells over 8,000 non-Fairtrade products and is accused of exploiting the Fairtrade brand to gain favourable publicity while continuing to do business as usual .
Mr Bretman disagrees .
“ We felt it would not be responsible to turn down an opportunity to do something that would practically help hundreds or thousands of farmers , ” he says .
“ You are winning the battle if you get corporate acceptance that these ideas are important . ”
He concedes that the Fairtrade movement 's supporters are “ a very broad church ” which includes anti-globalisation and anti-corporate types .
But they can simply avoid Nestlé 's Fairtrade coffee and buy from smaller Fairtrade producers instead , he suggests .
Besides , this is how change usually comes about , notes Mr Pollan .
The mainstream co-opts the fringe and shifts its position in the process ; “ but then you need people to stake out the fringe again . ”
That is what has happened with organic food in America , and is starting to happen with Fairtrade food too .
“ People are looking for the next frontier , ” says Mr Pollan , and it already seems clear what that is : local food .
“ Local is the new organic ” has become the unofficial slogan of the local - food movement in the past couple of years .
The rise of “ Big Organic ” , the large - scale production of organic food to meet growing demand , has produced a backlash and claims that the organic movement has sold its soul .
Purists worry that the organic movement 's original ideals have been forgotten as large companies that produce and sell organic food on an industrial scale have muscled in .
This partly explains why food bought from local producers either directly or at farmers ' markets is growing in popularity , and why local - food advocates are now the keepers of the flame of the food - activism movement .
Local food need not be organic , but buying direct from small farmers short - circuits industrial production and distribution systems in the same way that buying organic used to .
As a result , local food appears to be immune to being industrialised or corporatised .
Organic food used to offer people a way to make a “ corporate protest ” , says Mr Pollan , and now “ local offers an alternative to that . ”
Think globally , act locally ?
Buying direct means producers get a fair price , with no middlemen adding big margins along the distribution chain .
Nor has local food been shipped in from the other side of the country or the other side of the world , so the smaller number of “ food miles ” makes local food greener , too .
Local food thus appeals in different ways to environmentalists , national farm lobbies and anti-corporate activists , as well as consumers who want to know more about where their food comes from .
Obviously it makes sense to choose a product that has been grown locally over an identical product shipped in from afar .
But such direct comparisons are rare .
And it turns out that the apparently straightforward approach of minimising the “ food miles ” associated with your weekly groceries does not , in fact , always result in the smallest possible environmental impact .
The term “ food mile ” is itself misleading , as a report published by DEFRA , Britain 's environment and farming ministry , pointed out last year .
A mile travelled by a large truck full of groceries is not the same as a mile travelled by a sport - utility vehicle carrying a bag of salad .
Instead , says Paul Watkiss , one of the authors of the DEFRA report , it is more helpful to think about food - vehicle miles ( ie , the number of miles travelled by vehicles carrying food ) and food - tonne miles ( which take the tonnage being carried into account ) .
The DEFRA report , which analysed the supply of food in Britain , contained several counterintuitive findings .
It turns out to be better for the environment to truck in tomatoes from Spain during the winter , for example , than to grow them in heated greenhouses in Britain .
And it transpires that half the food - vehicle miles associated with British food are travelled by cars driving to and from the shops .
Each trip is short , but there are millions of them every day .
Another surprising finding was that a shift towards a local food system , and away from a supermarket - based food system , with its central distribution depots , lean supply chains and big , full trucks , might actually increase the number of food - vehicle miles being travelled locally , because things would move around in a larger number of smaller , less efficiently packed vehicles .
Research carried out at Lincoln University in New Zealand found that producing dairy products , lamb , apples and onions in that country and shipping them to Britain used less energy overall than producing them in Britain .
( Farming and processing in New Zealand is much less energy intensive . )
And even if flying food in from the developing world produces more emissions , that needs to be weighed against the boost to trade and development .
There is a strand of protectionism and anti-globalisation in much local - food advocacy , says Gareth Edwards - Jones of the University of Wales .
Local food lets farming lobbies campaign against imports under the guise of environmentalism .
A common argument is that local food is fresher , but that is not always true : green beans , for example , are picked and flown to Britain from Kenya overnight , he says .
People clearly want to think that they are making environmentally or socially optimal food choices , he says , but “ we do n't have enough evidence ” to do so .
What should a shopper do ?
All food choices involve trade - offs .
Even if organic farming does consume a little less energy and produce a little less pollution , that must be offset against lower yields and greater land use .
Fairtrade food may help some poor farmers , but may also harm others ; and even if local food reduces transport emissions , it also reduces potential for economic development .
Buying all three types of food can be seen as an anti-corporate protest , yet big companies already sell organic and Fairtrade food , and local sourcing coupled with supermarkets ' efficient logistics may yet prove to be the greenest way to move food around .
Food is central to the debates on the environment , development , trade and globalisation — but the potential for food choices to change the world should not be overestimated .
The idea of saving the world by shopping is appealing ; but tackling climate change , boosting development and reforming the global trade system will require difficult political choices .
“ We have to vote with our votes as well as our food dollars , ” says Mr Pollan .
Conventional political activity may not be as enjoyable as shopping , but it is far more likely to make a difference .
Washington ’s policymakers are growing dissatisfied with the Bush administration ’s troop surge in Iraq and a majority agrees that the world is becoming more dangerous for the United States , according to a poll released Monday .
The nonpartisan poll , called " The Terrorism Index " and released by the Center for American Progress and Foreign Policy magazine , surveys more than a hundred foreign policy experts , including former secretaries of state , top commanders in the U.S. military , senior intelligence professionals , and academics , to assess the effectiveness of how the United States is fighting the " war on terror . "
In this year ’s results , 91 percent of participants said the world is becoming more dangerous for the United States , while only 2 percent said it was safer and 84 percent of poll participants disagreed that the U.S. is winning the war on terror .
The ongoing war in Iraq appeared to be the cause of the experts ’ pessimism , with 92 percent of them saying the war was negatively affecting U.S. national security , up 5 percent from a year ago .
Opposition to the Bush administration ’s handling of the war in Iraq was most noticeable in the 53 percent of respondents who now say that the surge of about 165,000 troops is having a negative impact , up 22 percent from six months ago .
" What I take away from that is that the last six months may have been the most defining months in the war on terror , " Foreign Policy ‘s senior editor Michael Boyer told IPS .
How to withdraw troops from Iraq brought mixed reactions from the bipartisan group of experts , with a majority  68 - percent  supporting a redeployment of troops from Iraq in the next 18 months while most of the experts opposed an immediate withdrawal .
Perhaps surprisingly , slightly more conservatives  25 percent of conservative respondents  called for an immediate withdrawal than liberals or moderates .
" It ’s rare to see foreign policy experts in this sort of agreement on such a politicized issue .
The sentiment on the surge is shared across party lines , " said Boyer .
Despite claims from Bush administration officials and presidential candidates that a withdrawal from Iraq will lead to further terrorist attacks in the United States , 88 percent of experts polled agreed that a troop withdrawal from Iraq would have no correlation or was unlikely to lead to future terrorist attacks within the U.S .
" We have an administration that says we need a victory in Iraq or [ we ’ll ] suffer consequences at home , but experts say that ’s just not so , " said Boyer .
" Foreign policy experts really do n’t see a correlation between being in Iraq or leaving and terrorist attacks at home . "
As well as contradicting the Bush administration ’s justification for continued troop deployments in Iraq , the experts expressed concern with the lasting legacy of the administration ’s Middle East policy .
Fifty - eight percent of poll respondents said that in 10 years ’ time , Sunni - Shi’ite tensions will have increased ; 35 percent believe that Arab dictators will have been discouraged from reforming ; 5 percent believe that al - Qaeda will be weaker ; and only 3 percent believe Iraq will be a " beacon of democracy " in the Middle East .
More than half of the experts surveyed believe that the current U.S. policy of providing aid to Pakistan  which has dramatically increased since the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan  is having a negative impact on national security .
Furthermore , 35 percent of those polled thought that Pakistan is most likely to become the next al - Qaeda stronghold , and 74 percent believed that Pakistan is the country most likely to transfer nuclear technology to terrorists in the next three to five years .
Only 22 percent of respondents , however , found Pakistan to be Washington ’s least useful ally , while 34 percent of those polled picked Russia as the ally that least serves U.S. interests  presumably a response to Russian President Vladimir Putin ’s increasing role as a strongman .
" In terms of national security , the war in Iraq and the war on terror , the foreign policy communities agree that all three are on the wrong track , " said Boyer .
Beginning a reseller web hosting company is easy but when it comes to making that business site into a steady source of income becomes very difficult and when looking to thrive in the web world the qualities required are professional and responsive .
The Web portal should be able to attract attention and WordPress Themes offers the user that ability to change the look of the website as well as functionality without altering the information content or the structural design of the site .
WordPress themes may be downloaded or installed using the WordPress “ Appearance ” administration tool or the theme folders can be made use via the FTP , PHP , HTML & CSS coding .
The coding can be altered as per requirement , thousands of which are free or some need a premium for usage .
1. Phenomenon
Considered as the best theme WordPress can offer for the web hosting business and website .
The Phenomenon theme makes use of a neat jQuery slider and several widgetized areas , The step by step details can be accessed from the instructional manual to compose an amazing web portal within few hours .
Features :
34 Shortcodes
Custom login module
4 Custom widgets
Easy to use control panel
Three unique page templates
2. Planet Hosting
The web portal built on the theme Planet is finely designed , simplistic approached and uncluttered .
Cheaper than the other themes available at WordPress which is the brownie point of the theme .
j Query seems to be missing however other features make up for the difference .
Features :
A jQuery widget for showcasing client testimonials
Built - in image resizer
Custom widgets
4 different sidebars
5 different page templates
3. Host Me
This particular theme at WP offers a lot of features for personalization and can be used virtually for any business site .
Alterations in fonts , color schemes , backgrounds , and layouts have been made easy from the control panel and host me comes with a feature called the domain availability checker which is present on the homepage .
Features :
Fully optimized for search engines
Custom Sidebars
10 Custom widgets
Customizable fonts and page elements
Special Home Page content editor
80 + Style shortcodes
4. Rack Host
Rack
Host is down in the professional lane for server businesses and hosting providers .
With the help of four color scheme and the loads of personalized features any demo shown portal can be created with the shortcodes and PHP options .
There is extensive use of the JQuery and GUI feature .
Features
High - quality icon pack included in the package
Google font support
Dropdown navigation
Unique post templates
5. Epsilon
Originally introduced for the Web Hosting sites , one can easily switch to an alternate layout which works well with the general website and blogs .
The easy on eye colors and smooth arrangement of elements make it a perfect option for corporate sites .
Features
Built - in contact form
Support for Gravatars and threaded comments
Automatic image resizing
9 Custom widgets
6. Live Web
With the lively colors , decent button size , alluring icons and massive use of jQuery the Live Web theme sets your website apart from its counterparts and so does the theme .
Looking to beat the crowd and adorn the yellow color where your competitors are all wearing black makes you stand apart in the crowd and makes your site an instant hit is the perfect description of the Live Web theme .
Features
Easy - to - use subscription form widgets
Multiple page styles
Built - in domain availability checker form
Fully widgetized
7. Quick Host
Offering a multitude of feature including elegant pricing tables , auto thumbnail generation , and beautiful templates , Quick host lends an ear to all the basic issues .
The basic page designing is very simple yet elegant with modern features and comes with professional support anytime you face a problem .
Features
2 sidebar positions ( left and right )
Back - end sidebar generator
Translation ready
Sample data included in XML format
The Origins of Pattern Theory ,
the Future of the Theory , And the Generation of a Living World
Keynote Speech to the 1996 OOPSLA Convention
By Christopher Alexander
Introduction by Jim Coplien
Once in a great while , a great idea makes it across the boundary of one discipline to take root in another .
The adoption of Christopher Alexander 's patterns by the software community is one such event .
Alexander both commands respect and inspires controversy in his own discipline ; he is the author of several books with long - running publication records , the first recipient of the AIA Gold Medal for Research , a member of the Swedish Royal Academy since 1980 , a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , recipient of dozens of awards and honors including the Best Building in Japan award in 1985 , and the American Association of Collegiate Schools of Architecture Distinguished Professor Award .
It is odd that his ideas should have found a home in software , a discipline that deals not with timbers and tiles but with pure thought stuff , and with ephemeral and weightless products called programs .
The software community embraced the pattern vision for its relevance to problems that had long plagued software design in general and object - oriented design in particular .
Focusing on objects had caused us to loose the system perspective .
Preoccupation with design method had caused us to loose the human perspective .
The curious parallels between Alexander 's world of buildings and our world of software construction helped the ideas to take root and thrive in grass - roots programming communities world - wide .
The pattern discipline has become one of the most widely applied and important ideas of the past decade in software architecture and design .
We can trace the path of influence through three primary sources .
The first is the Design Patterns book by Gamma et al. , a book that helped people conceptualize beyond individual design relationships to grasp important structure of micro-architectures , and to value proven solution strategies over raw innovation .
The second was the series of pattern conferences ( PLoPs ) that provided a forum for pattern enthusiasts to support each other in creating a new body of software literature .
The PLoPs were also a forum where the community could struggle with growing from individual patterns to pattern languages that engender systems thinking .
But growth into the deeper and more fundamental aspects of patterns has been slow and difficult .
And even as we struggle with the growth from patterns to pattern languages , there is a level of the pattern discipline that the software community has yet scarcely touched : the moral imperative to build whole systems that contribute powerfully to the quality of life , as we recognize and rise to the responsibility that accompanies our position of influence in the world .
And that leads us to the third inspiration for the direction of patterns in our discipline : Christopher Alexander himself , who directly engaged our community in this keynote speech at OOPSLA '96 .
The timing and audience of the venue afforded Alexander the chance to reflect on his own work and on how the object - oriented programming community had both hit and missed the mark in adopting and adapting his ideas to software .
As such , the speech was a landmark event that raised the bar for patterns advocates , for object - oriented programmers , and for software practitioners everywhere .
Beyond that , this speech has timeless relevance to any engineering , scientific , or professional endeavor .
I 'd like you all to very heartily welcome Professor Alexander as he addresses us .
Keynote Address
by Christopher Alexander
" Thank you very much .
This is a pretty strange situation I find myself in .
I hope you sympathize with me .
I 'm addressing a room full of people , a whole football field full of people .
I do n't know hardly anything about what all of you do .
So — please be nice to me .
My association with you — if I can call it that — began , oh it must have been two or three years ago .
I began getting calls from computer people .
Then somebody , a computer scientist , called me and said that there were a group of people here in Silicon Valley that would pay $ 3000 to have dinner with me .
I thought — what is this ?
It took me some time to find out .
I did n't really understand what had been going on , and that my work had somehow been useful to computer science .
Only now I 'm now beginning to understand a little bit more of what you are doing in your field and the way in which it comes , in part , from some of the things that I 've done .
When I faced the question of addressing you , I wondered what on earth I should talk about .
And , earlier , a few months ago I faced a similar thing when I was asked to write an introduction to Richard Gabriel 's book ( Patterns Of Software ) and again the question for me was what in the world should I write about ?
What is there that I could say that would be of interest ?
And , because I , in a way , myself started out in computers many years ago in the late ' 50's , this question became quite fascinating to me and quite absorbing .
But still , I was n't given much to go on .
Take Jim for example .
When he invited me , he was very friendly and I said to him — look what do you want me to talk about and so forth .
He said " Oh that does n't matter .
Just talk about anything .
Because it 's you , and because of the history of this pattern problem , people will find it interesting .
But still I thought ,
What should I really talk about ?
What is the connection between what I am doing in the field of architecture and what you are doing in computer science and trying to do in the new field of software design ?
That is the question I must talk about .
What I 'll do , in the time I 've got here , is to tell you where my thoughts went as I stepped through the invention of the pattern concept , and where I have gone since then .
In addition , I shall reach a conclusion which may surprise you .
As I 've been preparing for this speech during the last few months .
I ended up with something that may startle you , and you may find quite strange .
But , I 'm not going to tell you what that is just yet .
In effect , I 'm just going to do three things .
( A) Pattern Theory .
I 'm going to talk first of all about patterns and pattern languages , what I did about that , a few little points about problems we encountered , why we did it , how we did it , and so forth .
That is a historical survey referring back to the late 60s and early 70s .
( B) The Nature of Order .
Then , I 'm going to summarize the theoretical framework which has evolved out of the pattern work : a framework which is about to be published in a series of four books collectively called The Nature of Order , four books that will be put out by Oxford University Press in the year 2000 .
That framework is a fairly radical departure from what the pattern language in the earlier theories contained , although it is consistent with them .
That 'll be the second thing .
And , I 'll just try and sketch that out in the hope that there might be some carryover or you might possibly find it interesting — even though of course I will have no way to apply this to your field directly when I tell you about it .
However , there are undoubtedly abundant connections between the two fields that can be drawn .
(C) What the future holds in store : The Generativity Problem and the Generation of a Living World .
At the time I wrote the introduction for Richard Gabriel 's book , that was really as far as I had gotten in trying to trace the connection between my work and your work in the field of computer science : I tell you what I 'm doing , and maybe some of you folks might find it interesting or be able to extrapolate .
But I could n't really find that sufficient to be satisfying .
I felt that there is some more significant connection between your field and mine .
Or at least that there perhaps is .
And that finally brought me to the third point .
The third thing I 'll talk about is how I now perceive that connection .
I suppose that some of you know what I do for a living .
You know I 'm an architect .
All of my life I 've spent trying to learn how to produce living structure in the world .
That means towns , streets , buildings , rooms , gardens , places which are themselves living or alive .
My assumption here — a sad one — is that for the most part what we have been doing for ourselves , at least during the last fifty years or so , perhaps starting somewhere around World War II , has virtually no ability to produce that kind of living structure in the world .
This living structure which is needed to sustain us and nurture us and which did exist to some degree in the traditional societies and in rural communities and in early urban settlements has disappeared .
It is drastically gone .
We do n't know how to create it or generate it any more .
Of course , especially for architects , that is a debatable matter .
Some professional architects might say , What are you talking about ?
What we are doing is absolutely fine , the buildings we are building today are excellent , very good , no problem !!
I suppose the architect of this particular huge and nauseating conference hall we are in , here in San Jose , where we can hardly understand each other , would say that , too .
But , actually , it is n't fine .
It 's a hell of a problem .
It 's a serious problem .
It affects every man , woman , and child on Earth .
We are so ignorant about how to do this , to make living structure on Earth , it is lamentable .
And it is very , very serious , becomes more serious every day , because the population of the Earth is growing , and the Earth is being damaged more and more — and with the damage to our towns and buildings , we too are being damaged .
The fact that we do n't know , really do not know what we 're doing , and the fact that the built world is not nurturing is a very , very drastic matter for all of us .
This is my concern .
That is what I try to deal with every day .
A. Pattern theory
The idea that materialized in the published pattern language was first of all , of course , intended just to get a handle on some of the physical structures that make the environment nurturing for human beings .
And , secondly , it was done in a way that would allow this to happen on a really large scale .
And , what I mean by that is that we wanted to generate the environment indirectly , just as biological organisms are generated , indirectly , by a genetic code .
Architects themselves build a very , very small part of the world .
Most of the physical world is built by just all kinds of people .
It is built by developers , it is built by do - it - yourselvers in Latin America .
It is built by hotel chains , by railroad companies , etc. , etc .
How could one possibly get a hold of all the massive amount of construction that is taking place on Earth and , somehow , make it well , that means let it be generated in a good fashion and a living fashion .
This decision to use a genetic approach was not only because of the scale problem .
It was important from the beginning , because one of the characteristics of any good environment is that every part of it is extremely highly adapted to its particularities .
That local adaptation can happen successfully only if people ( who are locally knowledgeable ) do it for themselves .
In traditional society where lay people either built or laid out their own houses , their own streets , and so on , the adaptation was natural .
It occurred successfully because it was in the hands of the people that were directly using the buildings and streets .
So , with the help of the shared pattern languages which existed in traditional society , people were able to generate a complete living structure .
In our own time , the production of environment has gone out of the hands of people who use the environment .
So , one of the efforts of the pattern language was not merely to try and identify structural features which would make the environment positive or nurturing , but also to do it in a fashion which could be in everybody 's hands , so that the whole thing would effectively then generate itself .
What , now , of my evaluation of what you are doing with patterns in computer science .
( Bear in mind , as you hear my comments , that they need to be taken with a grain of salt ; I 'm ignorant ; I 'm not in your field . )
When I look at the object - oriented work on patterns that I 've seen , I see the format of a pattern ( context , problem , solution , and so forth ) .
It is a nice and useful format .
It allows you to write down good ideas about software design in a way that can be discussed , shared , modified , and so forth .
So , it is a really useful vehicle of communication .
And , I think that insofar as patterns have become useful tools in the design of software , it helps the task of programming in that way .
It is a nice , neat format and that is fine .
However , that is not all that pattern languages are supposed to do .
The pattern language that we began creating in the 1970s had other essential features .
First , it has a moral component .
Second , it has the aim of creating coherence , morphological coherence in the things which are made with it .
And third , it is generative : it allows people to create coherence , morally sound objects , and encourages and enables this process because of its emphasis on the coherence of the created whole .
I do n't know whether these features of pattern language have yet been translated into your discipline .
Take the moral component , for example .
In the architectural pattern language there is , at root , behind the whole thing , a constant preoccupation with the question , Under what circumstances is the environment good ?
In architecture that means something .
It means something important and vital that goes , ultimately , to the nature of human life .
Of course , there are plenty of people who will debate whether the question is objective .
Some architects are still going around saying , It is all a matter of opinion .
But that is a dying breed .
The moral preoccupation with the need for a good environment , and for the living structure of built environment , and the objective nature of that question , is largely accepted .
I do not know whether that sort of moral component exists in computer science , or in software engineering , or in the way in which you do things .
I understand that the software patterns , insofar as they refer to objects and programs and so on , can make a program better .
That is n't the same thing , because in that sentence " better " could mean merely technically efficient , not actually " good . "
Again , if I 'm translating from my experience , I would ask that the use of pattern language in software has the tendency to make the program or the thing that is being created is morally profound — actually has the capacity to play a more significant role in human life .
A deeper role in human life .
Will it actually make human life better as a result of its injection into a software system ?
Now , I do n't pretend that all the patterns that my colleagues and I wrote down in A Pattern Language are like that .
Some of them are profound , and some of them are less so .
But , at least it was the constant attempt behind our work .
That is what we were after .
I do n't know whether you , ladies and gentlemen , the members of the software community , are also after that .
I have no idea .
I have n't heard a whole lot about that .
So , I have no idea whether the search for something that helps human life is a formal part of what you are searching for .
Or are you primarily searching for — what should I call it — good technical performance ?
This seems to me a very , very vital issue .
People have asked me what kind of a process was involved in creating the architectural pattern language ?
One of the things we looked for was a profound impact on human life .
We were able to judge patterns , and tried to judge them , according to the extent that when present in the environment we were confident that they really do make people more whole in themselves .
Of course you may ask , How in the hell did you test for that ?
But that is too long a story which I cannot cover in this speech .
The important point is that such testing was going on continuously .
A second , almost more important thing was going on .
Whenever we had a language under development we always asked ourselves ,
To what extent does that language generate ( hence produce ) entities ( buildings , rooms , groups of buildings , neighborhoods , etc. ) that are whole and coherent ?
In other words , suppose I write A Pattern Language for a campus , and , I think I 've got some sort of a language that looks as though it will actually do the job .
To test it , I let it loose by giving it to people and asking them ( in simulated form ) to generate different campuses with this language .
Let 's see what the resulting campuses look like .
And we test it ourselves in the same way , by using it to generate designs , rapidly , and only for the purpose of testing the results for their coherence .
As it turns out , many of the languages that one creates do not generate coherent designs or objects .
That is , they contain a bunch of good ideas .
One can use these good ideas to ( sort of ) put something together from them , and a few fragmentary structural ideas will be present in the result .
But that does not yet mean that the campuses created ( in the above example ) are coherent , well - formed , campuses ?
We were always looking for the capacity of A Pattern Language to generate coherence , and that was the most vital test used , again and again , during the process of creating a language .
The language was always seen as a whole .
We were looking for the extent to which , as a whole , A Pattern Language would produce a coherent entity .
Have you done that in software pattern theory ?
Have you asked whether a particular system of patterns , taken as a system , will generate a coherent computer program ?
If so , I have not yet heard about that ..
But , the point is that is what we were looking for all the time .
Again , I have no idea to what extent that is true for you and whether you are looking for the same thing when you work on software patterns .
So far , as a lay person trying to read some of the works that have been published by you in this field , it looks to me more as though mainly the pattern concept , for you , is an inspiring format that is a good way of exchanging fragmentary , atomic , ideas about programming .
Indeed , as I understand it , that part is working very well .
But these other two dimensions , ( 1 ) the moral capacity to produce a living structure and ( 2 ) the generativity of the thing , its capability of producing coherent wholes — I have n't seen very much evidence of those two things in software pattern theory .
Are these your shortcomings ?
Or is it just because I do n't know how to read the literature ?
So much for my short historical survey of what we have been doing with pattern languages during the last three decades .
B. The Nature of Order
The pattern theory was followed by a deeper theory .
I began to notice , by the late 70s , some weaknesses in our work with patterns and the pattern languages .
(1) Under the circumstances that I was most interested , when we and others were using these patterns to generate buildings , the buildings generated were okay , but not profound .
There was often a lot of nice stuff going on in them .
People were improving certain features , perhaps the daylight was improved , or perhaps the entrance of a building was improved or the characteristics of a street might be improved or an alcove in a bedroom might make it more intimate or something like this .
So , there were various isolated features of buildings that were improvements in building performance .
The existence of the patterns also allowed people to have better control over their own environment .
It succeeded in embodying that control in the real buildings that they made with the pattern material .
That was good .
But , nevertheless , were the buildings profound structures ?
To what extent did they really have coherent living structure as wholes .
By the late 70s , I had begun to see many buildings that were being made in the world when the patterns were applied .
I was not happy with what I saw .
It seemed to me that we had fallen far short of the mark that I had intended .
But , I also realized that whatever was going wrong was n't going to be corrected by writing a few more patterns or making the patterns a little bit better .
There seemed to be something more fundamental that was missing from the pattern language .
So , I started looking for what that thing was .
(2) At about the same time I began to notice a deeper level of structure and a small number ( fifteen ) of geometric properties that appeared to exist recursively in space whenever buildings had life .
These fifteen properties seemed to define a more fundamental kind of stuff ; similar to the patterns we had defined earlier , but more condensed , more essential — some kind of stuff that all good patterns were made of .
These were simple ideas .
I can't take you through all 15 but they are properties like " boundaries " which will not only delineate but connect the inside to the outside , or " positive space , " as when you look at a Matisse cutout and see that the space between the colored paper is not amorphous but also has form .
Anyway I began to notice that particular individual patterns seemed really to come always from the 15 deep properties that kept occurring again and again .
(3) Another thing that was happening around this time ( late 70s early 80s ) , my colleagues and I began toughening up our ability to discriminate empirically between living structure and not living structure .
During the years of doing the pattern language we 'd really been intuitive about that and not very rigorous .
We were just trying to get patterns written and learning to apply them without asking rigorously if they made buildings with more life in them .
But , at this point ( about 1980 ) , we felt it was pretty important to get a fix on the difference between a chair which has a more living structure and a chair that has a less living structure .
And the same for a building or a room or for a main street in a town .
If you want to say this one has life , this one has less life , how do you say that with any degree of empirical certainty ?
Can it , in fact , be made a relatively objective matter which people can agree about if they perform the same experiments .
Indeed , we did find such experimental techniques .
The use of these techniques greatly sharpened our ability to distinguish what was really going on and what structures then correlated with the presence of life in a bit of the environment ?
The use of these techniques also helped us to refine the fifteen deep geometric properties , as necessary correlates of all life in designed structures .
These fifteen properties turned out to be a substrate of all patterns , and began showing up more and more clearly in our work as the main correlates of living structure in places , buildings , things , space and so forth .
[ Side - remark : I need to say a word about the existence of objective criteria and experimental methods .
In my discipline there are tremendous vested interest .
Many architects claim , and want to claim , that in architecture there is no such thing as truth ; that is because everyone wants to do their own stupid thing and get away with it .
So , depending on who you talk to , they 'd say well this stuff Alexander 's been discovering is a lot of nonsense .
There is no such thing as objectivity about life or quality .
this and so forth .
But , I am here today , and they are not here , so I 'm telling you that there is objectivity .
They are simply mistaken .
Let 's suppose that we 've got a sidewalk somewhere on a bit of a street and we 've got another sidewalk somewhere else on another bit of a street .
We are trying to come to conclusions about which one has more life , which one is a more living structure .
My belief , by the way , when I began trying to find these experimental methods , always was that there really is such a thing , and that actually everybody knows it , but that it has been suppressed .
That is because of the world view that we have and the way of looking at things and the nervousness about intellectual rigor … that people of our era have .
Although they have these judgments within them , somehow are separated from their ability to make these judgments correctly .
In other words , what I 'm trying to say is …. and this is just some sort of instinct that I had going in was that this was something childish really that everybody knows .
But , for some reason , we are so messed up that we can't see it .
So these experiments were , in effect , designed to penetrate that end result through .
The essence of the experiments is that you take the two things you are trying to compare and ask , for each one , is my wholeness increasing in the presence of this object ?
How about in the presence of this one ?
Is it increasing more or less ?
You might say this is a strange question ;
What if the answer is Do n't know or They do n't have any effect on me ?
Perfectly reasonable !
That can happen .
But the resolution is easy .
What turns out to happen is that if you say to a person " Yes , it is a difficult question , it might even sound a bit nutty .
But anyway , please humor me and just answer the question . "
Then it turns out that there is quite a striking statistical agreement , 80 - 90 % , very strong , as strong a level of agreement as one gets in any experiments in social science .
The really strange part is that the things which are then measured by experiments of that sort will not … you say it sort of … all of these different experiments have to do with something like that .
Do you feel more whole ?
Do you feel more alive in the presence of this thing ?
Do you feel that this one is more of a picture of your own true self than this thing you know whatever ?
It is always looking at two entities of some kind and comparing them as to which one has more life .
It appears to be a rank bit of subjectivity .
In other words , it sounds like well okay , fine .
I mean maybe this is the truth about human beings in the sense about our coordination or about our perception or about our feelings .
But that is not necessarily the same as saying living structure as such is a real thing that resides in those objects .
But anyway , to cut a long story short .
It turns out that these kind of measurements do correlate with real structural features in the thing and with the presence of life in the thing measured by other methods , so that it is n't just some sort of subjected I groove to this , and I do n't groove to that and so on .
But it is a way of measuring a real deep condition in the particular things that are being compared or looked at .
What is odd about this , and in a way as our work went further and further , it kept bringing big functional and practical matters back to the human person .
So , in other words , you take a parking lot .
There are lots of technical problems in the parking lot .
You have got to make it work .
Cars have got to be able to move around .
You know there are security problems .
There are in - and - out problems .
There are maintenance problems .
As a whole , the way a parking lot works is essentially a technical thing .
The question is , Is it working well or not well ?
And yet the functionality of the thing measured by these various ordinary bits of technical discussion correlates with the condition measured by the question , Do I feel myself to be more whole ?
It works well when you are getting a positive answer to this question .
Thus there is a hint of a profound connection between the nature of matter and behavior of material systems , and the human person .
Even in engineering design , as for instance where one considers the structural behavior of a bridge .
Or the patterns of movement in something where a lot of cars are moving about , and there are complicated questions about how they move and so forth .
In these examples very , very practical matters are nevertheless correlated with these apparently personal questions about whether the thing has life and whether it promotes life in me and you .
So there began developing , in my mind , a view of structure which , at the same time that it is objective and is about the behavior of material systems in the world , is somehow at the same time coming home more and more and more , all the time , into the person .
The life that is actually in the thing is correlated in some peculiar fashion with the condition of wholeness in ourselves when we are in the presence of that thing .
The comparable view , in software design , would tell you that a program which is objectively profound ( elegant , efficient , effective and good as a program ) would be the one which generates the most profound feeling of wholeness in an observer who looks at the code .
The important thing is that — in architecture — this is not merely a hunch but a testable empirical result .
It means that the objects that are most profound functionally ( when I say objects , I mean buildings , streets , door knobs , shelf , room , dome , bridge ) … the objects that are most profound functionally are the ones which also promote the greatest feeling in us .
This is a very peculiar thing .
At first it sounds like rank sentimentality ; and you just say , It can't be true .
Why should it be true ?
And yet , it 's a discovery which accords very well with the era that we live in .
Because we are living in a period where that is perhaps the most noticeable and most problematic feature of our world is that feeling has been removed from it .
When I make a joke in reference to this horrible meeting hall that we are in , maybe I am beating a dead horse , but I mean really , the problem is that whatever feeling there is in here is obviously not a profound positive feeling .
And this is what we have come to expect in our modern world .
The failure of that profound feeling to exist in the world around us at small scales , large scales , middle scales , here , there and everywhere , is tragic .
It 's the thing that we miss .
Of course , people have been writing about this for many decades .
Writers have , of course , made this known .
We all know it .
The difficulty is that people do n't seem to know what to do about it .
If anything , at the moment , ( I 'm talking now again about my own discipline , of architecture ) the problem is getting worse .
It 's not getting better .
The world that is being built is more and more unfeeling .
We are in a sense more lost , more fragmented , more sort of wandering about in this lonely desert than before .
If there really is a way of looking at structures which both deals with real functional structure in the ordinary technical and practical sense , and simultaneously has its roots in human feeling , there will be a very huge and positive step .
In particular , the fifteen properties that I have mentioned provide us the ability to be precise about the nature of living structure , in just precisely such a way that it is connected , not only to all mechanical function , but also to the depths of human feeling .
That is why it is an important structure .
At the root of these fifteen properties , there appears to be a recursive structure based on repeated appearances of a single type of entity — the primitive element of all wholeness .
These entities are what I call " centers " .
All wholeness is built from centers , and centers are recursively defined in terms of other centers .
Centers have life , or not , in different degree , according to the degree that the centers are built from other centers using the fifteen geometric relationships which I have identified .
This scheme , which is at the foundation of all the work in The Nature of Order , provides a complete and coherent picture of all living structure .
Stretching a bit , I think there may even be a little bit of a connection between the geometric centers which appear as the building blocks of all life in buildings , and the software entities that you call " objects . "
Centers are field - like structures that appear in some region of space .
They do n't have sharp boundaries , but they are the focal organizing entities that one perceives at the core of all pattern , all structure , and all wholeness .
Everything is made of these kind of centers .
The centers are more living or less living .
And , that 's essentially the only important property that they have .
And the question of whether a center is more living or less living depends recursively on the amount of livingness in the other centers that it is made of , because each living center is always ( and can only be defined as ) a structure of other centers .
This sort of recursion is familiar in computer science .
But whether the structure I have discovered and reported in The Nature of Order will translate in any interesting ways to things that you do , I do n't know .
( It is true , I suppose that all software is made of objects , and nothing but objects .
Could it be said that some objects have more life , and others less ?
If so , there would be a profound correspondence ) .
What is true , I can tell you from my own experiences in these last years , is that when one has this view of things in architecture , it becomes enormously easier to produce living structure in buildings .
It has immediate practical usefulness .
If you start understanding everything in terms of these living centers , and you recognize the recursion that makes a center , living as it is , dependent on the other centers that it is made of and the other larger centers in which it is embedded , suddenly you begin to get a view of things which almost by itself starts leading you towards the production of more successful and more living buildings .
This insight goes far beyond the power of the pattern language .
Although the patterns define relations which might be regarded as specific instances of the recursive interaction of centers , the overall view of centers gives more comprehensive and more powerful results .
It directly effects your ability to make good architecture , in a way that pattern language was not yet able to do by itself .
This is a much more powerful and beautiful view than what 's embedded in the pattern languages , because when one has constructed this view … .
you say well what is a pattern really ?
Then it turns out that patterns are merely a few of the structural invariants that appear within these centers under very , very particular conditions .
So they 're certainly interesting and important , but they do n't have the same depth or the same universal character as these other structures that I 'm speaking about now .
Now we come to the crunch .
Once we have the view of wholeness and centers , linked by the fifteen deep properties , we have a general view of the type of whole which must occur as the end product of any successful design process .
And because we have a view of it as a whole , we are now able to understand what kinds of overall process can generate good structure , and which cannot .
This is the most significant aspect of The Nature of Order , and of the new results I am presenting to you in this Part B .
It means that we can characterize not merely the structure of things which are well - designed , but we can characterize the path that is capable of leading to a good structure .
In effect , we can specify the difference between a good path and a bad path , or between a good process and a bad process .
In terms of software , what this means is that it is possible , in principle , to say what kind of step - by - step process can produce good code , and which ones cannot .
Or , more dramatically stated , we can , in principle , specify a type of process which will always generate good code .
Of course we have not actually done this for the production of code .
We have done it for design and construction of buildings .
But it is possible .
This is , if you like , the holy grail of software design — specification of the kinds of process which will ( always ) generate good , efficient , economical , beautiful , and profound , code .
What are the details ?
I can tell you in the case of buildings .
If one has identified living structure with a reasonable level of objectivity , and if one has identified this recursive center - based structure as being the key to the whole thing , that 's all very well .
But then of course the practical question arises , How the hell do you produce this living structure ?
What do you have to do to actually produce it ?
You can clumsily try to find your way towards it in a particular case .
But , in general , what are the rules of its production ?
The answer is fascinating .
It turns out that these living structures can only be produced by an unfolding wholeness .
That it , there is a condition in which you have space in a certain state .
You operate on it through things that I have come to call " structure - preserving transformations , " maintaining the whole at each step , but gradually introducing differentiations one after the other .
And if these transformations are truly structure - preserving and structure - enhancing , then you will come out at the end with living structure .
Just think of an acorn becoming an oak .
The end result is very different from the start point but happens in a smooth unfolding way in which each step clearly emanates from the previous one .
Very abstract , I know , but the punchline is the following .
That is what happens in all the living structures we think of as nature .
When you analyze carefully just what 's going on and how things are happening in the natural world , this sort of structure preserving transformation tends to be what 's going on most of the time .
That is why , when nature is left alone , most of the time living structure is produced .
However , in the approaches that we currently have to the creation of the built world and the environment ; ( planning design , construction , and so forth ) , that is simply not what is happening .
The process of design that we currently recognize as normal is one where the architect or somebody else , is sort of moving stuff around , trying to get into some kind of good configuration .
Effectively this means searching in an almost random way in configuration space , and never homing in on the good structure .
That is why the present - day structure of cities , buildings , conventional halls , and houses , are so often lifeless .
The process by which they are generated are — in principle — not life creating or life seeking .
If a process does n't go in the structure - preserving way that I 'm talking about , the result is never living structure .
In effect you can write theorems which say , Under the kind of conditions which occur in the construction industry today , you cannot produce living structure .
So , the poor son - of - bitches designed and built this convention center were stuck with something lifeless , because they were embedded in the wrong kind of process .
There was nothing they could do .
about it .
It was part of the process by which this kind of entity is produced in today 's society .
As things stand , it cannot come out with a living structure at the end .
That is a shattering discovery .
A very large part of my work and that of my colleagues in the last years has been one of trying to define social processes , economic processes , administrative and management processes which are of such a nature that they permit true structure - preserving unfolding to occur in society , thus to allow the generation and production of living structure .
This is what I do most of the time is that I 'm trying to do real projects of one sort or another where I 'm introducing this unfolding process and trying to make it work under the conditions available to us in 1996 .
The social and technical shifts involved are large .
The shifts in thought , in practice , in administration of money , in contracts , all sorts of real nitty - gritty things that one would much rather not mess with because they are so hard , you must mess with because it is those processes which are undermining the ability for our whole contemporary social process to be structure preserving unfolding .
If life is to be created , these processes must change .
That is the end of my part B .
C. What the future holds in store : The Generativity Problem and the Generation of a Living World
Let us now consider a problem of magnitude .
There are some two billion buildings in the world , about 2 x 10 to the 9th buildings .
Differently stated , the total amount of built stuff is something on the order of about 10 to the 12th , 10 to the 13th square feet of construction .
The total amount of built stuff in Manhattan , is somewhere on the order of 10 to the 9th square feet .
If you include all the exterior space in the world as well , the part of the outdoors that is somehow having to do with human beings and is part of our immediate world , gardens and streets and agriculture and all of that , then — for the world — we 're somewhere up around 10 to the 14th square feet of constructed designed space .
How are we going to deal with all that ?
How do we create , or generate , living order in 10 to the 14th square feet of construction ?
What process could possibly accomplish this within , say , one generation — the next 25 years .
The effort of architects , no matter how hard we try and no matter how much good will we put in , it does not begin to scratch the surface of that task .
All the architects in the world , together , working as they do today , cannot design more than say 10 to the 10th square feet per year — a tiny , tiny percentage of what is needed — far too small to be effective .
I have , for many years , thought that this could only be solved by a genetic approach — an approach where deep structure , spread through society , creates and generates the right sort of structure , very much as genetic code creates and generates organisms and ecological systems — indirectly , by letting loose life creating process .
That is what I still believe .
But , today , I am convinced that the equivalent of the genes that act in organisms will have to be — or at least can be — software packages , acting in society .
If these software packages are life creating , and accepted , and widely enough spread throughout the world , there is a chance we might get a grip on this problem : provided that the software is freeing , liberating , allows each person individual control and decision making power to do the right thing , and to create living structure , locally , wherever they are .
This task must fall , inevitably , at least in part , on your shoulders .
The people who were kind enough to invite me to give this speech originally assured me that if I just explained the intellectual history ( as I have done so far ) , there will be those among you who may find it interesting , that somehow they might latch on to it or know how to translate it into something that 's more directly relevant to your own concerns .
That is after all , just what you have done in the last five years with pattern languages .
There clearly is a useful parallelism between our two disciplines .
However , after receiving this invitation , and contemplating the questions I could raise , I started dwelling on a conviction that was growing in me .
This conviction led me to feel that there was a deeper coincidence in what you are doing in software design and what I am doing in architectural design .
I began to feel that there is a deeper connection , which suggests that the two disciplines might merge in a way that would benefit us both — you in your discipline and me in my discipline .
In the next few minutes I will try to sketch the nature of this connection .
As an architect , of course like anybody concerned with these things , I have a passion to try and make these things happen .
It 's not enough just to say well living structure is n't being produced .
I have to ask myself … the question I do ask myself … the question all the time is , OK , well , what are we going to do about it ?
Here we 've got this poor Earth sinking under the weight of all this dross .
And , what are we actually going to do ?
I do a 10 million dollar project here and I do a 10 million dollar project there .
But that accomplishes virtually nothing .
Life is short .
A few of those projects …. and what is it ?
It is an atom in the proverbial bucket .
It 's nothing .
All of the efforts of the architectural brethren , even if I can persuade them of the truth of these things .
It is still a drop in the bucket .
That by itself , will not affect more than a thousandth part , perhaps no more than a millionth part , of the structure covering the built part of the Earth .
When I started out twenty - five , thirty , years ago , I really thought that I would be able to influence the world very fast .
Especially when I got to the pattern language .
I thought , boy , I 've really done it .
This is going to work .
No problem .
The patterns are self evident and true .
They will spread .
And , as a result , the world of buildings will get better .
Hey presto .
But it has n't yet worked out like that .
In practical terms , so far , I 've done almost nothing .
The pattern language , how much has it influenced the environment of the world .
A few thousand buildings have been influenced .
There are a few people that have lived a few things and been influenced .
But , meanwhile , we 've still got this gigantic amount of construction out there which is defining the world that all of us live in that is still going on in exactly the same fashion .
I believe that the cultural process of influence is simply too slow to be able to take care of this problem .
In other words , the process by which one discusses these kind of things , shares ideas about them , gradually influences the way people are thinking so that gradually larger and larger percentages of bits of the environment might turn into living structure .
That is a very slow process , and I do n't think it is fast enough to do the job .
And yet , as an architect , I view myself as responsible for that .
Not of course , alone , but as a professional , that is my job is to try to understand how we can get hold of that — the entire structure of built environment , all over Earth — and do something about it to make it better .
For several years I have been asking myself how this effort can be expanded , and strengthened .
It must be our aim to make the world 's environment a living structure , within one or two generations .
How , realistically , can be that be done ?
So , today , I am standing before you , thinking to myself … right , I 'm now talking to people who are in a way the core of the computer revolution .
You probably realize , I know you must realize the extent to which the world is gradually now being shaped more and more and more , indirectly , by the efforts of all of you who are sitting in this room — because it is you who control the function of computers and their programs .
It is the programs that control the shape of manufacturing , the shape of the transportation industries , construction management , diagnosis in medicine , printing and publishing .
You almost can't name a facet of the world which is not already , to some very strong degree , under the influence of the programs that are being written to manage and control those entities or those operations .
And this is still in its infancy .
How long has this been really going on ?
Not long .
About 10 or 15 years , though of course , the preparation for it goes a lot further back than that .
But really this is quite new .
It is going to look a whole lot different , even more powerful in its degree of influence .
And yet , as a professional body , I do n't think that you are yet fully aware of it .
I 'm probably speaking out of turn here but , you know , I 've thumbed through the proceedings of this conference , for instance .
Jim was kind enough to show it to me yesterday .
I do n't really see discussion about What , collectively , are computer scientists supposed to be doing with all these programs .
How are they supposed to help the Earth ?
And , yet , the capacity to do that is sitting right here in this room .
That is an amazing situation .
You have so much power .… but that means that you also have an enormous responsibility .
Is there a chance you might take on the responsibility for influencing , shaping , and changing the environment .
Interestingly , I think many of you do also have the inclination .
When I had the pleasure of beginning to meet some of the various folks who introduced themselves to me over the last year and a half from the software community , I began to be fascinated by the number of them that were closet architects .
Greg Bryant who worked on the 486 chip , is really interested in ecology and is an editor of Rain , an ecological magazine .
Bill Joy is writing about workstations in the concrete physical sense that is familiar as an architect .
John Gage , chief scientific officer of Sun , is interested in neighborhood schools , and in the process by which people can repair their own physical neighborhoods by working together .
Jim Coplien is dealing with social structures in human organizations .
Mark Sewell from IBM wants to build houses .
Dick Gabriel has as his deepest passion , the writing of poetry : another kind of art .
I do n't have a long enough list .
But my hunch is that an amazing number of you who got into this pattern game in the pursuit of your normal professional endeavors are also very profoundly interested in the real physical world , and its shape and its design , its deep feeling , its impact on human life .
That is , the world in which we inhabit .
It is therefore conceivable that you , collectively , could change the very drastic situation of a destroyed environment that I described earlier .
Let me just go back to the structure - preserving unfolding process that I described in Part B of this talk .
I talked about this structure - preserving unfolding processes .
When I first constructed the pattern language , it was based on certain generative schemes that exist in traditional cultures .
These generative schemes are sets of instructions which , carried out sequentially , will allow a person or a group of people to create a coherent artifact , beautifully and simply .
The number of steps vary : there may be as few as a half a dozen steps , or as many as 20 or 50 .
When the generative scheme is carried out , the results are always different , because the generative scheme , always generates structure that starts with the existing context , and creates things which relate directly and specifically to that context .
Thus the beautiful organic variety which was commonplace in traditional society , could exist because these generative schemes were used by thousands of different people , and allowed people to create houses , or rooms , or windows , unique to their circumstances .
When I first hit on the idea of creating , and using , pattern languages , I was inspired by these traditional generative schemes , and thought that I was essentially copying them .
However , in the huge effort of creating a believable , new , pattern language , in the 1960's the effort went entirely onto the individual patterns ( their formulation , verification etc. ) , and the idea that they were to be used sequentially , one after the other , dropped into the background .
In fact , both A Pattern Language and The Timeless Way Of Building say that the pattern language is to be used sequentially .
In practice , however , this feature dropped out of site , and was not emphasized in use .
As a result the beautiful efficacy of traditional languages and their simple and beautiful sequential nature , disappeared from view .
In our most recent work , that has changed .
We are now focusing on pattern languages which are truly generative .
That means , they are sequences of instructions which allow a person to make a complete , coherent building , by following the steps of the generative scheme .
We have done this for houses , for public buildings , for office furniture layout and so forth .
It works .
And it is powerful .
Compared to the pattern language that you 've seen in A Pattern Language these generative schemes are much more like what you call code .
They are generative processes which are defined by sets of instructions that produce or generate designs .
They are , in fact , systems of instructions which allow unfolding to occur in space in just the way that I was talking about a minute ago ( Part B ) , and are therefore more capable of producing living structure .
The published pattern language by comparison is static .
The new generative languages are dynamic and , like software , interact with context , to allow people to generate an infinite variety of possible results — but , in this case , with a built - in guarantee of well - formed results .
The design that is created or generated is guaranteed , ahead of time , to be coherent , useful , and to have living structure .
You know the pattern language ( the one for architecture ) consists of these objects which are interesting and which you somehow try to put together .
But it 's possible to have processes or procedures which will go much further , actually generate living structure .
Because of the complexity of the situation in the world , and because of the way software is going , software that is designed to do this could very rapidly take the world by storm .
Why would computer scientists and software engineers suddenly become responsible for the form and structure of the built environment ?
Is that not the province of architects , planners , agricultural experts , forestry people , and civil engineers ?
It ought to be .
But the members of these professions are not taking responsibility for the generative approach to living structure — and so cannot produce it .
And , as far as I can see , they do not see it coming , and are not preparing themselves to take it on , mentally or professionally .
Therefore it will fall to someone else to do it instead .
In history , this kind of unexpected switch is a common thing .
When a paradigm change occurs , in a discipline , it is not always the members of the old profession , who take it to the next stage .
In the history of the development in technical change , very often the people responsible for certain specialty are then followed by a technical innovation .
And then the people who become responsible for the field after the technical innovation are a completely different group of people .
When the automobile came along , the people who built the buggies for the horse and buggy did not then turn into Henry Ford .
Henry Ford knew nothing about horse buggies .
The people who were building automobiles came from left field , and then took over — and the horse and buggy died off .
It is conceivable to imagine a future in which this problem of generating the living structure in the world is something that you — computer scientists — might explicitly recognize as part of your responsibility .
Such a change , representing a kind of a level of marriage between you and me , is of an entirely different sort from the one that I was invited by Jim Coplien to contemplate .
I was brought here to answer the question " Okay Chris , what new things have you been doing that might spin off and be useful to us in our neck of the woods ?
Parts A and B of this talk were about that .
But this Part C is about something quite different .
I want you to help me .
I want you to realize that that problem of generating living structure is not being handled well by architectural planners or developers or construction people now , and the Earth is suffering because of it .
I believe there may be no way that they are ever going to actually be able to do it , because the methods they use are not capable of it .
For you it is different .
The idea of generative process is natural to you .
It forms the core of the computer science field .
The methods that you have at your fingertips and deal with everyday in the normal course of software design are perfectly designed to do this .
So , if only you have the interest , you do have the capacity and you do have the means .
I heard a rumor at breakfast that some of the people in this room have begun to worry about their jobs .
I have no idea if that is true .
But I was told there is an undercurrent of unease as to where all this — software design — is going .
There is a huge expanding phenomenon of programming as an art , and yet an uneasiness about where it is all headed ?
What is it going to do ?
My comment on this ?
Please forgive me , I 'm going to be very direct and blunt for a horrible second .
It could be thought that the technical way in which you currently look at programming is almost as if you were willing to be " guns for hire . "
In other words , you are the technicians .
You know how to make the programs work .
" Tell us what to do daddy , and we 'll do it . "
That is the worm in the apple .
What I am proposing here is something a little bit different from that .
It is a view of programming as the natural genetic infrastructure of a living world which you / we are capable of creating , managing , making available , and which could then have the result that a living structure in our towns , houses , work places , cities , becomes an attainable thing .
That would be remarkable .
It would turn the world around , and make living structure the norm once again , throughout society , and make the world worth living in again .
This is an extraordinary vision of the future , in which computers play a fundamental role in making the world — and above all the built structure of the world — alive , humane , ecologically profound , and with a deep living structure .
I realize that you may be surprised by my conclusion .
This is not what I am , technically , supposed to have been talking about to you .
Or you may say , Well , great idea , but we 're not interested .
I hope that is not your reaction .
I hope that all of you , as members of a great profession of the future , will decide to help me , and to help yourselves , by taking part in this enormous world - wide effort .
I do think you are capable of it .
And I do not think any other professional body has quite the ability , or the natural opportunity for influence , to do this job as it must be done .
I 've enjoyed talking to you very much .
Thank you for listening to me and I would be most keen to listen to your ideas on these topics . "
— Professor Christopher Alexander
San Jose , California , 1996
WASHINGTON , Sept. 3 — A previously undisclosed exchange of letters shows that President Bush was told in advance by his top Iraq envoy in May 2003 of a plan to “ dissolve Saddam ’s military and intelligence structures , ” a plan that the envoy , L. Paul Bremer , said referred to dismantling the Iraqi Army .
Mr. Bremer provided the letters to The New York Times on Monday after reading that Mr. Bush was quoted in a new book as saying that American policy had been “ to keep the army intact ” but that it “ did n’t happen . ”
The dismantling of the Iraqi Army in the aftermath of the American invasion is now widely regarded as a mistake that stoked rebellion among hundreds of thousands of former Iraqi soldiers and made it more difficult to reduce sectarian bloodshed and attacks by insurgents .
In releasing the letters , Mr. Bremer said he wanted to refute the suggestion in Mr. Bush ’s comment that Mr. Bremer had acted to disband the army without the knowledge and concurrence of the White House .
“ We must make it clear to everyone that we mean business : that Saddam and the Baathists are finished , ” Mr. Bremer wrote in a letter that was drafted on May 20 , 2003 , and sent to the president on May 22 through Donald H. Rumsfeld , then secretary of defense .
CNNU campus correspondent Christian L. Tom is a junior at Stanford University .
CNNU is a feature that provides student perspectives on news and trends from colleges across the United States .
The views expressed in this article are not necessarily those of CNN , its affiliates or the schools where the campus correspondents are based .
STANFORD , California ( CNN ) -- Students and professors at Stanford University are protesting Donald Rumsfeld 's appointment to a campus think tank , saying the former defense secretary does not uphold the " ethical values " of the school .
Donald Rumsfeld has been appointed to the Hoover Institution , a think tank at Stanford University .
more photos »
Shortly after Rumsfeld 's appointment was announced in September , professor Pamela Lee began an online petition from faculty members opposed to bringing him to the Hoover Institution .
Since then , the petition has gained more than 3,500 signatures , including nearly 300 faculty members from such diverse disciplines as law , computer science , electrical engineering and drama .
" We view the appointment as fundamentally incompatible with the ethical values of truthfulness , tolerance , disinterested inquiry , respect for national and international laws , and care for the opinions , property and lives of others to which Stanford is inalienably committed , " the petition reads .
" As word of the letter got out , my inbox was flooded with messages from professors , students , staff and alumni asking to sign on , " said Lee , a professor of art history .
The petition 's signers include hundreds of Stanford students in addition to the faculty .
" He 's a war criminal , " said Sam Dubal , one petitioner , who also created a Facebook group called " Rumsfeld -- You Are Not Welcome at Stanford ! "
" He 's not worthy as an established member of Stanford , " Dubal said .
Despite the protests , school officials say that it is well within the Hoover Institution 's right to appoint Rumsfeld .
" There are lots of temporary appointments made around the university , " said Jeff Wachtel , special assistant to Stanford president John Hennessy .
" Departments have the right to invite people to campus in a variety of capacities . "
Rumsfeld 's one - year appointment as Distinguished Visiting Fellow places him on a task force on terrorism and ideology .
He will be joined by current Hoover Fellow George Schultz , secretary of state under Ronald Reagan .
Despite being housed in a tower on the center of campus , Hoover has only loose affiliation with the university .
Meanwhile , supporters of Rumsfeld 's appointment say that his presence on campus will help foster academic dialogue and fuel positive political discourse .
The outcry against Rumsfeld follows last April 's attempt by President Bush to visit campus .
Bush planned to meet with Fellows at the Hoover Institution but was blocked by protesters .
His meeting was later moved to Schultz 's nearby house .
" Many of us believe that Donald Rumsfeld , in his role as secretary of defense , has behaved in ways that are dishonorable , disgraceful and always disingenuous , " said Dr. Philip Zimbardo , professor emeritus of psychology .
" Rumsfeld authorized a list of interrogation methods that violated the Geneva Convention and the Convention against Torture used on detainees at Guantanamo Bay ... and Iraq 's Abu Ghraib Prison , " said Zimbardo , whose most recent book , " The Lucifer Effect , " finds that given the right " situational " influences , anyone can be made to participate in violent and depraved acts .
Lee said her position does not discourage debate or public exchange of ideas .
" Let me stress that the petition objects to Rumsfeld 's appointment as Distinguished Visiting Fellow , an appointment we find without merit , " Lee said .
" In fact , there is nothing in the language of the petition that says Mr. Rumsfeld is forbidden to air his views at Stanford or is not welcome for a public lecture or open forum . "
But not everyone disagrees with the appointment .
" Personally I disagree with his politics , " said Brett Hammon , a political science major .
" But at the same time , I 'm not sure I think it would be prudent for the university to refuse hiring him just because most students disagree with his politics .
I know I would hate it if I went to school in Texas and the university refused to hire a prominent liberal politician just because most of the student body was conservative . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Donald H. Rumsfeld
Last updated at 17:40 19 October 2007
A lesbian foot specialist has been struck off for showing colleagues images of her and two other women in bondage gear and exclaiming " f*** Easter " in front of a nun .
Podiatrist Joanne Fuller 's career was ended after the Health Professions Council ( HPC ) was presented with a list of incidents where she behaved outrageously in her Slough workplace , Upton Hospital .
HPC representative Julie Norris told the hearing Fuller had shown colleagues indecent images herself , her partner and partner 's sister " in various degrees of undress and bondage outfits " .
As well as " very revealing " photos " with whips " , she showed ones of " her girlfriend in leathers with her bottom exposed , " and " often discussed her sex - life in front of other colleagues talking about what her and her partner did when having sex , " said Miss Norris .
She said on one occasion Fuller gave a Nazi salute in front of colleagues and patients .
On another , she said " f*** Easter , " in front of a nun who was visiting a patient on the religious holiday .
The hearing also revealed her tendency to mimic karate high - kicks and humiliate her co-workers by shouting at them .
Investigations into Fuller initially began in 2005 for poor record - keeping and she was officially fired in February 2006 .
Upon further examination the case widened after accusations that Fuller used hospital computers to browse websites of a " sexual nature " surfaced .
The podiatrist faced formal allegations of viewing and using inappropriate websites and using the internet excessively during working hours .
She was also charged with behaving inappropriately towards patients and staff members .
She was not present or represented at the hearing .
Disciplinary panel chair Christine Mills said the websites she accessed contained stories which " verged on the erotic " though they were not pornograph or obscene .
As far as the photographs of her and her partner were concerned Ms Mills judged them not to be pornographic despite having " elements of nudity and wearing bondage gear " .
But she said she had to be struck off her professional register because of the " totality " of her behaviour .
Ben the Beard has put the shuck on all of us : hard - money fanatics , Wall Street analysts , and full - time FED - watchers .
He has done it in plain site .
He and his accomplices have left a trail of digits , but nobody has followed the trail .
Until now .
And even I may have wandered off the trail .
On August 28 in “ The Fed ’s Next Moves , ” I wrote :
Forecasting what the FED will do is like reading tea leaves .
But let me give it a try .
The FED does n’t want to send a message of panic , so it will not lower the FedFunds target rate until its next scheduled meeting , which is September 18 .
At that meeting , it will announce a rate cut .
The FED will cut it by at least .25 percentage point .
But to be sure that bankers know the FED means business , I think it will be .50 percentage point , matching the cut in the discount window ’s rate .
At the time , a forecast of a half - point cut was considered improbable .
Most FED - watchers thought .25 point was likely .
As you know , the FED cut the target rate by half a point .
I also wrote :
This will be heralded by the financial media as a sign that it ’s time to buy stocks .
The increase from 1 % in 2003 to 5.25 % in 2006 was also seen as a signal to buy stocks .
Everything is the media ’s signal to buy stocks .
Sure enough , when the announcement of the half - point cut was issued late in the day , the Dow Jones rose by 335 points .
It rose almost 100 points the next day .
To make myself look like a genius , I should leave it at that .
But because of what has happened in the last month , I must fess up .
The following paragraph , as of today , was dead wrong :
While the FED is now pumping in new reserves at a little under 6 % per annum , and I expect it to continue this policy for the foreseeable future , I do n’t think this will be enough to reverse the sagging economy in the next six months .
But if I am wrong , then we can expect a return of accelerating price inflation .
Bernanke and the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) have done something extraordinary .
They have publicly lowered the FedFunds target rate , and have forced down the actual FedFunds rate to meet the target rate , while deflating the money supply .
You read it here first : “ deflating . ”
The only monetary indicator that reveals directly what the FOMC has done in recent weeks is the adjusted monetary base .
This is the one monetary aggregate that the FOMC controls directly .
It reveals what actions the FOMC has taken .
The adjusted monetary base serves as the monetary base of the fractional reserve commercial banking system .
Take a look at what happened from the middle of August , when the FOMC lowered the discount window ’s interest rate from 6.25 % to 5.75 % , until mid-September .
You probably have to see it to believe it .
From early July , 2007 , to mid-August , it climbed rapidly .
From mid-August to mid-September , it fell just as sharply .
This is deflation .
The table at the bottom of the chart provides the important numbers : the rate of increase from various dates until now .
From mid-September , 2006 , to mid-September , 2007 , the increase was 1.8 % per annum .
This is what it has been ever since Bernanke took over on February 1 , 2006 .
An increase of 1.8 % is tight money policy by previous FED standards .
I have been hammering on this point for a year .
The FED has dramatically reduced the rate of monetary inflation .
I do n’t think my message has penetrated the thinking of most hard - money contrarians .
They keep citing M - 3 , which was canceled by the FED a year ago , and which was always the most misleading of all monetary statistics .
Year after year , the M - 3 statistic was four times higher than the CPI .
The M - 3 statistic was worthless from day one .
Anyone who used it to make investments lost most ( or all ) of his money .
I have written a report on this , which provides the evidence : “ Monetary Statistics . ”
This tight - money policy has been reflected in the various consumer price indexes .
This week , the Bureau of Labor Statistics released the figure for August .
The CPI fell by a tenth of a point .
That is , the economy experienced price deflation .
Got that word ?
Deflation .
I prefer to use the Median CPI , which is published by the Cleveland Federal Reserve Bank .
In August , it rose by two - tenths of a percent .
This is what it rose every month since March .
This means a 2.4 % increase , year to year , which is consistent with the rise in the adjusted monetary base .
THE FED IS DEFLATING
The FED deflated from the day it announced the cut in the discount rate to the posting of the latest issue of “ U.S. Financial Data . ”
Let me ask you a question .
“ From what you have read in the hard - money camp , was it your perception that the FED has been inflating ? ”
The answer is “ yes , ” is n’t it ?
There is an ancient slogan in the newspaper profession : “ If your mother says she loves you , check it out . ”
I say : “ If your favorite financial commentator says the FED is inflating , check it out . ”
This brings me to an important point : you should monitor the statistics carefully and regularly if you are investing actively .
You can do this here :
Federal Reserve charts Yield curvePrice indexes ( USA )
Year to year , the FED is inflating , but it may be inflating far more slowly than what you have been told .
Trust , but verify .
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE ?
I must now begin a guessing game .
The FOMC does not tell the public exactly what it is doing .
It is not very clear on what it has done .
But we can piece together a pattern from what we have been told .
On September 18 , the FOMC announced a half point reduction in the targeted FedFunds rate .
Normally , the FOMC controls the actual FedFunds rate by issuing newly created fiat money to banks in exchange for bank - held assets .
These are called “ repurchase agreements . ”
The FED accepts these from banks that want to borrow money overnight in order to meet legal reserve requirements .
The banks need more money to lend out .
It gets this from the FED .
Here is the description of the arrangement that appears on Wikipedia .
Repurchase agreements when transacted by the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve in open market operations adds reserves to the banking system and then after a specified period of time withdraws them ; reverse repos initially drain reserves and later add them back .
Under a repurchase agreement ( “ RP ” or “ repo ” ) , the Federal Reserve ( Fed ) buys US Treasury securities , U.S. agency securities , or mortgage - backed securities from a primary dealer who agrees to buy them back , typically within one to seven days ; a reverse repo is the opposite .
Thus the Fed describes these transactions from the counterparty ’s viewpoint rather than from their own viewpoint .
This means that the FED need not purchase T - bills to inject new money into the economy .
It can purchase other assets .
I believe this is mainly what the FED is buying today .
I cannot prove this , but it makes sense .
It is trying to bail out banks that are in trouble and which need very short - term money .
These assets are sold to the FED at face value , not market value .
The FOMC has issued a press release on August 17 which clarified the new situation .
Note the phrase , “ a broad range of collateral . ”
The Board is also announcing a change to the Reserve Banks ’ usual practices to allow the provision of term financing for as long as 30 days , renewable by the borrower .
These changes will remain in place until the Federal Reserve determines that market liquidity has improved materially .
These changes are designed to provide depositories with greater assurance about the cost and availability of funding .
The Federal Reserve will continue to accept a broad range of collateral for discount window loans , including home mortgages and related assets .
But does this include sub - prime mortgages ?
Indeed , it does .
In a FAQ on collateral , we read :
May a depository institution pledge sub - prime mortgages ?
The Reserve Banks accept performing mortgages .
This could include sub - prime mortgages .
Second , we have already seen that the FED was reducing the monetary base .
How could it reduce the AMB ?
There is only one way .
It had to sell assets .
When the FED sells an asset , the money received from the buyer disappears — the monetary deflation side of fractional reserve banking .
Third , we know from the record that the FedFunds rate for over two months had been pushing against the targeted 5.25 % rate .
Often , it would exceed 5.25 % .
Then the rate would decline , inter-day .
Look at the high - range figures .
My presumption is that the FED was intervening to supply reserves by buying repo’s .
This , in and of itself , would have increased the monetary base .
Fourth , the monetary base declined .
This requires an explanation .
I have one .
The Federal Reserve was simultaneously selling T - bills from its own account .
It sold enough to more than offset its purchases of repo ’s from commercial banks .
The buyers need not have been American commercial banks .
They could have been foreign central banks , individual investors , and funds looking for safety / liquidity .
The point is , the sale by the FED extinguished the money that came in from outside the FED .
This solved the immediate problem : supplying reserves to banks .
If the FOMC bought repo’s of assets other than Treasury debt , this provided liquidity for assets that would not have been worth as much as the FED loaned had they been sold into the free market .
Meanwhile , the sale of FED assets such a T - bills enabled the FED not to increase the rate of money growth .
It made the repo purchases non-inflationary .
Can this continue ?
Yes .
Will it continue ?
For a while , maybe .
Bernanke seems determined to avoid price inflation .
There is only one way to achieve this goal : reduce the rate of monetary inflation .
But a policy of monetary deflation or even slow growth does not solve the problem of the business cycle .
The U.S. economy will slide relentlessly into recession .
The FED is caught between the rock and the hard place .
I believe it will inflate .
But this recent decline in the AMB indicates that the FED is determined to hold off for as long as politically possible .
If the FED switches policy , this will be visible in the chart and table of the adjusted monetary base .
You should monitor this weekly .
I may be incorrect in my analysis .
But I can offer no other explanation of how the FED was able to provide liquidity to the FedFunds market and reduce the adjusted monetary base at the same time .
It had to sell assets .
WILL THE FED RE - INFLATE ?
Eventually , yes .
It has always inflated since about 1938 .
That is what it does .
That is why it exists .
The crucial question today is this :
Can the FED avoid a recession without re-inflating seriously ?
I think the answer is no .
Next :
Will it re-inflate fast enough to avoid a recession ?
Again , I think the answer is no .
Next :
Will it re-inflate , once the economy slides into recession ?
I think the answer is yes .
In other words , between today and the next wave of monetary inflation , we are likely to go through a recession .
You may have another scenario .
You may have a wealth - protection allocation strategy that is geared for inflation : up , up , and away .
If so , I wish you well , but I think you are wrong .
I think Bernanke is determined not to inflate .
He is willing even to sell T - bills to offset repurchase agreements .
Whatever the FED is doing to shrink the monetary base , that is what it has been doing .
CONCLUSION
I am doing my best to stick with the available facts .
These facts are not consistent with what I thought the FED would do , as recently as August 28 .
They are surely not consistent with what the hard - money camp is telling you the FED has been doing .
If your mother says she loves you , check it out .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 19 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2007 LewRockwell.com
Supreme Court Rules Against Separation Of Church And State Posted by Pile ( 7629 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
The Supreme Court ruled Monday that ordinary taxpayers cannot challenge a White House initiative that helps religious charities get a share of federal money .
The 5 - 4 decision ( along predictable party lines ) blocks a lawsuit by a group of atheists and agnostics against eight Bush administration officials including the head of the White House Faith - Based Office .
The taxpayers ' group , the Freedom From Religion Foundation , objected to government conferences in which administration officials encourage religious charities to apply for federal grants .
Taxpayers in the case " set out a parade of horribles that they claim could occur " unless the court stopped the Bush administration initiative , wrote Justice Samuel Alito .
" Of course , none of these things has happened . "
The justices ' decision revolved around a 1968 Supreme Court ruling that enabled taxpayers to challenge government programs that promote religion .
The 1968 decision involved the Elementary and Secondary Education Act , which financed teaching and instructional materials in religious schools in low - income areas .
" This case falls outside " the narrow exception allowing such cases to proceed , Alito wrote .
In dissent , Justice David Souter said that the court should have allowed the taxpayer challenge to proceed .
separation of church is all wrong
Posted by keri lightfoot on 2007 - 09 - 14 11:28:41 it was never meant to protect the government from the church , but the church to be protected by the government .
people who can't see past their own stupidity should n't be allowed any say in government affairs in the first place .
our country was founded on principles set in place by GOD FEARING MEN !!!
not men who can't stand the thought of there being any power greater than their small minds can handle Posted by Anonymous on 2009- 11-21 21:32:57
It goes both ways sweetie .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
In America , religion and politics or science and politics or politics and anything else do n't mix well .
According to a new University of Missouri - Columbia study , though , religion and health care work together just fine .
Research shows that religion and spirituality are linked to positive physical and mental health but most studies have focused on people with life threatening diseases .
The new study determines that religion can help individuals with disabilities adjust to their impairments and give new meaning to their lives .
Persons facing impending death may use religion to help them accept their condition , come to terms with unresolved life issues , and prepare for death .
However , the study suggests that religion may be an important coping mechanism for persons with chronic disabilities such as traumatic brain injury , spinal cord injury , stroke and arthritis .
“ Although many individuals with disabilities turn to religion to help them deal with their situations , to date , religion is infrequently discussed in rehabilitation settings and is rarely investigated in rehabilitation research .
To better meet the needs of persons with disabilities , this needs to change , ” said Brick Johnstone , professor of health psychology in the MU School of Health Professions .
The study notes that few practical suggestions exist for how to address religion in health care .
Heath care providers should encourage religious practices important to individuals , such as yoga , reading of religious texts , meditation or laying on of hands .
Students should be taught about various religious beliefs and how they might be used to the patients ’ advantage in a rehabilitation setting .
“ Although some professionals may feel uncomfortable obtaining information about patients ’ religious beliefs , it is no different than inquiring about their sexual , psychological , substance use and legal histories , ” said Johnstone , who also is the director of the MU Spirituality and Health Research Project at the MU Center on Religion and the Professions .
Praying with patients may be appropriate in some cases , according to the study .
Rehabilitation psychologists , counselors and chaplains also should work together to initiate forgiveness interventions .
Patients who were injured as the result of the actions of others may be better able to work toward recovery if they can use their religious beliefs to work through emotions surrounding the cause of the disability .
“ It is also very important that rehabilitation professionals be aware of the different religious customs that should be considered when evaluating and treating patients , including information regarding the appropriateness of physical touching by others , preferences regarding gender specific services , dress and hygiene customs , ” Johnstone said .
The study has been published in the journal Disability and Rehabilitation .
It was co-authored by Bret Glass , of the MU College of Education ’s Department of Educational , School and Counseling Psychology and Richard Oliver , dean of the MU School of Health Professions .
The study was conducted under the MU Center on Religion and the Professions , a $ 1.5 million center funded by the Pew Charitable Trusts .
When Condoleezza Rice took over as secretary of state , the ( wishful ) thinking was that the Bush administration would finally get into the business of diplomacy .
Ms. Rice can be as bullying and ad hominem as her boss , but she ’s also an achiever and trying her hand at persuasion was probably the only hope for salvaging the administration ’s failed foreign policies and her reputation .
Two and a half years later we ’re pleased to note a preliminary success for the new era : North Korea ’s decision to shut down its plutonium - producing nuclear reactor in exchange for economic and eventual diplomatic payoffs .
Ms. Rice managed to hold back the spoilers in the vice president ’s office long enough for her negotiator , Christopher Hill , to do the deal the old - fashioned way : countless hours of negotiations and a willingness to compromise with a leader President Bush once famously said he “ loathed . ”
Unfortunately , in most every other area ad hominem and loathing still dominate .
And there is still a perplexing refusal to do the tedious but absolutely essential diplomatic prep work .
Consider Mr. Bush ’s announcement last week that Ms. Rice will preside over a Middle East peace meeting this fall .
That might seem a breakthrough for a White House that started out claiming that too much diplomacy  by Bill Clinton  unleashed the second Palestinian uprising .
And we ’re being told that Ms. Rice considers an Israeli - Palestinian peace her last , best chance for a legacy .
Still , there ’s no sign that either she or Mr. Bush has grasped the lesson of Mr. Hill ’s North Korea breakthrough .
At an Alabama fundraiser for Sen. Jeff Sessions ( R ) earlier this week , Dick Cheney started his speech by telling the same joke he tells at all of his recent events .
“ Thank you , ” the VP said over the applause .
“ A reception like that is almost enough to make you want to run for office again .
( Dramatic pause ) Almost . ”
Today , the New York Sun ran an editorial arguing that this is n’t something Cheney should joke about — this is something Cheney should actually consider .
Mr. Cheney has virtues as a candidate in his own right .
He has foreign policy experience by virtue of having served as defense secretary , and he has economic policy experience , having served as a leading tax - cutter while a member of the House of Representatives .
His wife , Lynne , would be an asset to the ticket in her own right , a point made by Kathryn Jean Lopez in a post on the topic at National Review Online back in February .
By our rights , Lynne Cheney would make one of the greatest First Ladies in history .
Mr. Cheney , in any event , is more than four years younger than Mr. McCain , and , if elected , would be 67 years old at his inauguration , younger than Reagan was when he took office .
His health , while a topic of frequent speculation , has n’t interfered with his service as vice president .
Lawrence Kudlow wrote a column a while back saying he hoped President Bush asked Vice President Cheney to run for president in 2008 .
It was a fine idea then and it still is — not because the current field is particularly weak , but because Mr. Cheney is so much more experienced and shrewd a figure , one who could help settle some of the arguments about the Bush years in favor of Mr. Bush .
Does the Sun ’s editorial board realize that 61 % of Republicans recently said that Cheney would not be an “ acceptable ” presidential nominee ?
Name :
This completely realistic , original , and scientifically plausible alien represents all the multitudinous Science Fiction aliens who are miracles of convergent evolution to the point where they are all pretty much exactly like humans with bumpy heads :
Vulcans ( Star Trek )
Cardassians ( Star Trek )
Bajorans ( Star Trek )
Ferengi ( Star Trek )
Andorians ( Star Trek )
Klingons ( Star Trek )
Romulans ( Star Trek )
Zabrak ( Darth Maul , Star Wars )
Sand People ( Star Wars )
Klatooians ( Star Wars )
Twi'lek ( Star Wars )
Minbari ( B5 )
Star Man ( Star Man )
Alien Nation Aliens
My-ik and Du- Ug ( Evil Alien Conquerors .
Actually they were pretty funny . )
Dr.Lazarus ( Galaxy Quest .
Ok , I 'm just being ironic here , Dr. Lazarus is making a point of being a guy with rubber bumps on his head )
The list goes on and on .....
And the Winner : The alien at the end of " Contact " .
I sat here 3 hours for this ???
( No I 'm just kidding .
Everyone should read " Contact " , then see the movie .
Carl Sagan was a genius , and is one of the inspirations for this website .
Per his example , we strive to get people to love science fiction , so that they feel inspired enough to try to bridge the gap between Science Fiction and Science Fact . )
Go here for a good explanation of Star Trek 's rationalization for many rubber - bump - head people .
This site is about social commentary , bill of gripes , trivia , insanity , venting my spleen , all rolled into one .
There ’s one exception — or , rather , 8,500 of them : T - Mobile ’s archipelago of hot spots at Starbucks , Borders and other public places .
In these places you encounter neither the fee nor the Web - page sign - in that you would encounter if you were using a laptop ; the words “ T - Mobile Hot Spot ” simply appear at the top of your screen , and you can start making free calls .
The cool part is that , depending on how many calls you can make in hot spots , the Wi-Fi feature might permit you to choose a much less expensive calling plan .
If you ’re a heavy talker , you might switch , for example , from T - Mobile ’s $ 100 plan ( 2,500 minutes ) to its $ 40 plan ( 1,000 minutes ) .
Even factoring in the $ 10 HotSpot @ Home fee , you ’d still save $ 600 a year .
SAVING NO .
2 T - Mobile ’s billing system is n’t smart enough to notice handoffs between Wi-Fi and cellular networks .
So each call is billed according to where it begins .
You can start a call at home , get in your car , drive away and talk for free until the battery ’s dead .
The opposite is also true , however ; if you begin a call on T - Mobile ’s cell network and later enter a Wi -Fi hot spot , the call continues to eat up minutes .
If HotSpot @ Home catches on , therefore , the airwaves will reverberate with people coming home and saying , “ Hey , can I call you right back ? ”
SAVING NO . 3
When you ’re in a hot spot , T - Mobile has no idea where you are in the world .
You could be in Des Moines , Denmark or Djibouti .
So this is a big one for travelers :
When you ’re in a hot spot overseas , all calls to United States numbers are free .
SAVING NO .
4 T - Mobile ’s hope is that you ’ll cancel your home phone line altogether .
You ’ll be all cellphone , all the time .
And why not , since you ’ll now get great cell reception at home and have only one phone number and voicemail ?
Ka-ching : there ’s an additional $ 500 a year saved .
Re-invade Vietnam !
Oh yes .
You thought the Bush administration was fresh out of ideas ?
You thought that with Karl Rove leaving , the administration that brought us the war in Iraq and “ Mission Accomplished ” had no more tricks up its sleeve ?
Think again .
On Wednesday , speaking before a Veterans of Foreign Wars audience , President Bush did something he had previously avoided :
He compared the Iraq war with the Vietnam War , agreeing that Vietnam does hold lessons for U.S. policy in Iraq .
Advertisement
Ca n’t argue with that .
For most Americans , the lessons of Vietnam were reasonably clear before we invaded Iraq and have been painfully reinforced by the ongoing disaster there :
Do n’t fight needless wars ; do n’t go blundering around in countries where you do n’t know the language , history or culture ; do n’t underestimate the power of nationalism , ethnicity and religion to bind together -- or tear apart -- people whose interests otherwise seem to diverge or converge ; and , most of all , do n’t imagine that military force can solve fundamentally political problems .
But the president , who has his own very special set of history books , drew the public ’s attention to some entirely different lessons from Vietnam .
To Bush , the “ unmistakable legacy of Vietnam is that the price of America ’s withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens . ”
Right !
To Bush , the tragedy of the Vietnam War is that we did n’t let it drag on for another decade or so .
Advertisement
Some might quibble with Bush ’s understanding of historical causation .
Yes , many innocent civilians suffered in the aftermath of the U.S. withdrawal from Vietnam -- but it ’s more accurate to attribute their suffering to the prolongation of the war itself , rather than to the U.S. withdrawal as such .
It ’s hard to be precise ( as is the case in Iraq today , no one kept careful count of Vietnamese civilian casualties , and all sides in the conflict had an incentive to fudge the true figures ) , but somewhere between 1 million and 4 million civilians died as the war needlessly dragged on , many killed by U.S. weapons .
Millions more were displaced .
But those are details .
Bush went on to assert that “ another price to our withdrawal from Vietnam ” was the rise of “ the enemy we face in today ’s struggle , those who came to our soil and killed thousands of citizens ” on 9/11 .
Advertisement
Yup -- it ’s so obvious !
The U.S. withdrawal from Vietnam caused the rise of Al Qaeda -- and , by extension , “ our withdrawal from Vietnam ” ultimately turned Iraq into “ the central front ” in “ the war on terror . ”
Once you ’re in the right frame of mind -- the Right frame of mind , I should say -- the logic becomes blindingly clear :
Step 1 : In 1975 , the Vietnam War ended and young Osama bin Laden , age 18 , saw that the mighty U.S. could be brought low and that an unhappy citizenry could push a democratically elected government to end an unpopular war .
Step 2 : Hmm .
This step is a little tougher .
Al Qaeda attacked the U.S. on 9/11 .
Then Bin Laden , bearing the U.S. withdrawal from Vietnam constantly in mind , um . . . somehow tricked us into going to war in Iraq . . . where Al Qaeda had no presence prior to the U.S. invasion . . . because he knew we ’d make a mess of things . . . and that Al Qaeda could move in while we were bogged down fighting insurgents . . . and bog us down even more ?
Advertisement
Something like that .
And from there , we easily reach Step 3 : We are stuck in a quagmire in Iraq , just as in Vietnam !
Millions of civilians are paying the price for U.S. over - reaching -- just as in Vietnam !
Our credibility is suffering -- just as in Vietnam !
The American public has lost faith in the war -- just as in Vietnam !
Bin Laden is happy to see us brought low -- just as in Vietnam !
If we leave , more bad things may happen , and Bin Laden will also be happy -- just as in Vietnam !
Step 4 .
Therefore , as the president explained Wednesday , we must stay in Iraq forever , until every last terrorist or every last Iraqi civilian is dead , whichever comes first .
But Bush forgot to mention Step 5 , which follows logically from Steps 1 to 4 .
Advertisement
How can we show the innocent civilians of Southeast Asia that we have n’t forgotten them and simultaneously send a message of resolve to the Iraqi people ?
How can we show Al Qaeda once and for all that the U.S. is not to be trifled with ?
It ’s time for Step 5 :
Re-invade Vietnam .
Because no matter what they say -- it ’s never too late to repeat the mistakes of the past .
Advertisement
--
rbrooks@latimescolumnists.com
