About the author
( NewsTarget ) Estimates from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service indicate that millions of birds and fish die every year from pesticide exposure .
Scientists are now discovering that even low level exposure is disrupting the animal kingdom and causing new diseases to develop , threatening many species with extinction .
Roughly 90 percent of the nation 's rivers and streams are contaminated with pesticides , affecting more than 80 percent of fish .
More than 30 percent of the nation 's aquifers are contaminated as well , affecting the drinking water of millions of people .
In recent years , scientists have been observing the decimation of many species of bees , amphibians , and bats due to pesticides .
In just a few years , over one million bats in the northeastern United States have died from diseases caused by pesticide exposure .
More than 1,800 species of sea creatures face extinction from exposure and many researchers suspect that colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) among bees is being caused by pesticides as well .
Some of the smallest sea creatures being affected are spreading disease all the way up the food chain .
Seals that eat contaminated herring are dying by the thousands , illustrating how even limited exposure can have widespread consequences .
Carlos Davidson , a conservation biologist from San Francisco State University , believes that pesticides directly inhibit immune function in animals exposed to them , causing them to act as hosts for diseases .
Novel diseases that have left scientists at a loss for an explanation are likely developing in part from the overuse of antibiotics in the general population .
Together , a deadly combination is formed that threatens both animal and human life .
Back in the 1970s , scientists discovered that insecticides were being carried by the wind from crops in the San Joaquin Valley of California up to the Sierra Nevada Mountains where they contaminated air , water , and snow in this otherwise pristine area .
Eventually , researchers found that amphibians living in lakes and streams were wrought with the same pesticides .
Because the amphibian population declined heavily between the 1970s and the 1990s , the same time that those pesticides were used in the valley , Davidson believes that pesticides were the culprit in those deaths .
Many see the obvious connection between pesticide exposure and vulnerability to disease ; however , proving it without a doubt is a difficult task .
Many concerned scientists recognize the problem but do not know what to do about it .
Unless something is done to greatly reduce pesticide use , the entire existence of the animal kingdom is at stake .
Sources : Ethan
Huff is a freelance writer and health enthusiast who loves exploring the vast world of natural foods and health , digging deep to get to the truth .
He runs an online health publication of his own at http://wholesomeherald.blogspot.com
Stuff4Dudes has done a great service to mankind by incorporating their shorts swelling instructional guide into an iPhone app .
“ Yoga4 Dudes is to fitness Apps what chicken nuggets are to health food : it ’s not an actual workout at all , but a hilarious yoga parody with yogis who just happen to be unbelievably hot lingerie models , and camera guys with no self control whatsoever ! ”
Bonus vids :
If you have an iPhone and want to try this out , leave a comment below . Â
We can give away 2 .
I wonder if they used this station , which is famous in Russia ?
See details here
Steve McIntyre reports on Climate Audit that there ’s an email from Michael Mann that is relevant :
Recently rejected two papers ( one for JGR and for GRL ) from people saying CRU has it wrong over Siberia .
Went to town in both reviews , hopefully successfully .
If either appears I will be very surprised , but you never know with GRL .
More bullying from the team .
=============================
Guest post by Jeff Id of the Air Vent
It ’s true , and it ’s huge .
Today another example of CRU having their foot on the scale , Russian papers are reporting that the Russian surface station data was sorted by CRU to use the highest warming stations only .
The article is linked here :
Russia affected by Climategate A discussion of the November 2009 Climatic Research Unit e-mail hacking incident , referred to by some sources as “ Climategate , ” continues against the backdrop of the abortive UN Climate Conference in Copenhagen ( COP15 ) discussing alternative agreements to replace the 1997 Kyoto Protocol that aimed to combat global warming .
The incident involved an e-mail server used by the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia ( UEA ) in Norwich , East England .
Unknown persons stole and anonymously disseminated thousands of e-mails and other documents dealing with the global - warming issue made over the course of 13 years .
Controversy arose after various allegations were made including that climate scientists colluded to withhold scientific evidence and manipulated data to make the case for global warming appear stronger than it is .
Climategate has already affected Russia .
On Tuesday , the Moscow - based Institute of Economic Analysis ( IEA ) issued a report claiming that the Hadley Center for Climate Change based at the headquarters of the British Meteorological Office in Exeter ( Devon , England ) had probably tampered with Russian - climate data .
The IEA believes that Russian meteorological - station data did not substantiate the anthropogenic global - warming theory .
Analysts say Russian meteorological stations cover most of the country ’s territory , and that the Hadley Center had used data submitted by only 25 % of such stations in its reports .
Over 40 % of Russian territory was not included in global - temperature calculations for some other reasons , rather than the lack of meteorological stations and observations .
The data of stations located in areas not listed in the Hadley Climate Research Unit Temperature UK ( HadCRUT ) survey often does not show any substantial warming in the late 20th century and the early 21st century .
The HadCRUT database includes specific stations providing incomplete data and highlighting the global - warming process , rather than stations facilitating uninterrupted observations .
On the whole , climatologists use the incomplete findings of meteorological stations far more often than those providing complete observations .
IEA analysts say climatologists use the data of stations located in large populated centers that are influenced by the urban - warming effect more frequently than the correct data of remote stations .
The scale of global warming was exaggerated due to temperature distortions for Russia accounting for 12.5 % of the world ’s land mass .
The IEA said it was necessary to recalculate all global - temperature data in order to assess the scale of such exaggeration .
Global - temperature data will have to be modified if similar climate - date procedures have been used from other national data because the calculations used by COP15 analysts , including financial calculations , are based on HadCRUT research .
They specifically state that lack of measurement is not the cause .
If they claim the full set of Russian data does NOT support global warming , imagine how different the bright red dot over Russia would look .
Again the accusation is completely believable , yet is completely unverifiable because CRU has refused to release the data .
This data and code release is the subject of illegal blocking of FOIA ’s is one of the keys in the Climategate emials .
We need to know the list of stations used and we must have copies of the raw data .
This is a very powerful accusation , which if true could change much about the climate science debate .
Many papers are based on this dataset which has the highest trend of the major ground datasets .
Here is a PDF ( in Russian ) can anyone provide a translation ?
http://www.iea.ru/article/kioto_order/15.12.2009.pdf
Sponsored IT training links :
Download the latest 70 - 450 dumps and JN0 - 522 study guide to guaranteed pass 1z0 - 042 exam .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
THE FBI IS THE CATCHER IN THE RYE :
THE ASSASSINATION OF JOHN LENNON
How " The Catcher in the Rye " " motivated " Mark Chapman to shoot John Lennon :
Mark Chapman is the victim of an artificially induced MODEL PSYCHOSIS .
( Look this term up in a medical dictionary ) .
The characteristics of an artificial model psychosis are as follows :
If an individual is continuously subjected for 5 - 7 days to intake ( drugging ) of amphetamine or the much stronger methamphetamine , a model psychosis will follow .
This means that even if you stop the drugging , the artificially induced Psychosis will now continue to build up by itself .
Sometimes even a one - time single dose of methamphetamine is enough .
( sometimes )
Documents released under the Freedom of Information Act state and testify that various Federal Agencies of the U.S. government ( such as the CIA , the Pentagon , etcetera ) had a several decade - long covert research project to develop a technique or method by which an involuntary , unwitting innocent individual could be covertly manipulated to halucinate that he or she must carry out the assassination of a preselected target .
The documents all state that this was to be accomplished via HYPNOSIS .
Now , if I were to hypnotise you , would you assassinate someone ?
Of course not !
In fact , it should not take more than 5 seconds to figure out that while Hypnosis may be an interesting gimmick for inducing a state of relaxation and maybe even meditation , it absolutely does n't work to make someone carry out an assassination against his will .
A Psychosis , however , DOES DO THE JOB !
Go ahead and check the police files of so - called amphetamine and methamphetamine induced homicides .
This is basically the crime we are carefully trying to recreate here .
Thus the word / term " Hypnosis " encountered by so many researchers in the numerous documents released from the CIA under the Freedom of Information
Act may be nothing more than a cover -- a CODEWORD -- for an artificially induced Model " PSYCHOSIS " !
In order to understand how to induce someone suffering from the advanced stages of such an artificially induced model psychosis to commit an act of assassination against his will and better insticts , let us first examine a number of previous , politically motivated assassinations :
Let us start with Jack Ruby who shot Lee Harvey Oswald .
After the assassination , when he was visited by members of the Warren Comission , Ruby was completely PSYCHOTIC .
Even close friends have testified to this .
He kept talking about the Jews , the Holocaust and the new government secretly taking over the United States .
The Warren Comission found him not credible .
Ruby also admitted that before the assassination he had taken more than 30 ( thirty ) amphetamines and diet pills ( Dexedrine ) .
" They stimulate you ! "
He later testified .
That 's right , they induce an artificial model psychosis and its not clear who had advised Ruby to take these .
Before the Warren Comission , Jack Ruby testified about a conversation he had on the night before he shot Oswald with Dallas Police Officer Ltn Olson who told him that " Oswald should be cut inch by inch into ribbons ! " and praised Ruby as " The greatest guy in the world ! "
Ruby 's lawyer ( Tonahill ) believes that prior to the shooting , Ruby had numerous conversations like these about which he refused to testify as these might be construed as premeditation which could have made Jack Ruby a candidate for the death penalty .
Can we read between the lines here and decipher the covert methologies involved ?
First Ruby 's model psychosis is induced under the disguise of dieting pills which are amphetamines .
Once the psychosis has taken a noticable effect he is literally being psyched up by various members of the Dallas Police , government , etcetera , who suggest to him that Oswald shoud be shot .
At this stage , because of the Psychosis , Ruby was unable to see through the trick and the covert manipulation he was being subjected to .
To sum up , in 1963 Ruby 's model psychosis was induced via an overintoxication of amphetamines and " diet pills " .
The assassination of Lee Harvey Oswald was then induced by psyching him up via the innocuous " conversations " he later reported to the Warren Comission .
Let us now go five years into the future and analyse the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy ( John F. Kennedy 's brother )
As the autopsy of Robert F. Kennedy PROVES BEYOND ANY REASONABLE DOUBT Sirhan Sirhan may have injured a few people , but he did not kill Robert F. Kennedy !
Sirhan was standing in front of Robert F. Kennedy at a distance of one or two yards .
He held his gun at a straight angle .
Robert F. Kennedy , however , was killed by a gun which due to the burn marks it left on the back of his clothing could not have been more than 2 inches from his body .
The shots which really killed RFK entered his body FROM BEHIND and ended up stuck in the ceiling tiles , above RFK .
( See the book on the Robert F. Kennedy assassination by Philip Melanson , for example -- check local bookstores ) .
Prior to shooting at RFK Sirhan had been interested in mental improvement techniques and in this quest had joined the local chapter of the ROSECRUCIANS .
These " Rosecrucians " were in all likelyhood infiltrated by the CIA and other sordid members of the government .
I want to emphasize that I am not proposing that all Rosecrucians are secret undercover CIA agents but only that the particular chapter which the gullible Sirhan Sirhan had joined in 1967 or 1968 had been infiltrated .
What did Sirhan Sirhan " learn " from the Rosecrucians ?
He was advised to WRITE HIS THOUGHTS DOWN .
An article Sirhan was given to read was even read into his trial record .
It was aptly called " PUT IT IN WRITING ! "
Sirhan was then advised to sit in front of his mirror , where he had experimented with performing magic rituals , and write his thoughts down .
And what " thoughts " did he write into his famous notebook : " RFK MUST BE ASSASSINATED ASSASSINATED ASSASSINATED ASSASSINATED ! ( etcetera )
So what is going on here ?
Its safe to conclude that Sirhan was already suffering from the advanced stages of a covertly induced Model Psychosis so that he no longer realized the significance of what he was writing down .
Its also safe to conclude that Sirhan 's " thoughts " were of course not really his own .
After the assassination , Sirhan told Robert B. Kaiser -- who spent over 200 hours interviewing Sirhan in his jail cell and wrote a book about it ( out of print ) that he believed his mind had been influenced by " Thought Waves " .
Kaiser at first laughed but Sirhan was serious .
Now let 's be reasonable here .
What Sirhan and Kaiser naively refer to as " Thought Waves " are of course nothing more than highly sophisticated SUBLIMINAL messages , most likely operating on the Ultrasound and Infrasound audio spectrum .
To sum up , the technique used to induce Sirhan Sirhan to hallucinate that he must assassinate RFK was : a )
Manipulate the gullible Sirhan to perform the cultish rituals of the Rosecrucians and other " occult " practices " , which involved sitting in front of his mirror and repeteatively writing down whatever comes to his mind .
b)
Covertly induce an artificial model psychosis c )
Once suffering from the advanced stages of this model psychosis , trick Sirhan Sirhan into PSYCHING HIMSELF UP by subjecting him to highly sophisticated subliminal techniques suggesting that " RFK MUST BE ASSASSINATED ASSASSINATED ASSASSINATED ASSASSINATED " .
The trick is to combine the growing psychosis with the act of writing these messages down repeatively , which is accomplished via the cultish rituals .
Once the artificial model psychosis has progressed beyond a certain point , the individual will no longer understand the significance of what he is writing down .
You do n't believe the government uses subliminal techniques ?
Go IMMEDIATELY to :
" http://www.mindspring.com/~silent "
( CLICK ON THE GOLDEN SHIP , THEN CLICK ON " IN THE NEWS " ) and read all about Dr. Lowery 's subliminal techniques which the U.S. government used in the Gulf War against Iraq ( Operation Desert Storm ) to induce the enemy to give himself up , or check out U.S. patent 5,159,703 ( SILENT SUBLIMINAL PRESENTATION SYSTEM ) by the same company -- which the military used in Iraq .
The precise schematics thereof are still CLASSIFIED -- just ask the company 's president ( address listed on the patent ) .
They 've now been BACKENGINNERED and are online .
Go to : Http://www.raven1.net
Scroll down to where it says : BUILD YOUR OWN silent sound device .
Click on " BUILD YOUR OWN " All the backengineered info is there for you .
Of course there are numerous other subliminal techniques .
Several of these were developed by Dr. Smirnov from the Russian Sechenev Medical Institute for Psycho- Correction .
In March of 1993 , during the standoff in Waco , Texas with David Koresh , several lawenforcement personnel including members of the FBI and the CIA secretly hosted Dr. Smirnov in Washington D.C. for a demonstration of his technique .
As you may know the human ear consists of the so - called " outer " ear , the " middle " ear and the " inner " ear .
The inner ear is the only one filled with fluid .
The average human outer ear has a hearing capacity of approximately 15 Hz - 15 - 16K Hz .
The " inner " human ear has a hearing capacity of up to 50 K Hz .
( Look it up in a medical dictionary ) .
By comparision , the standard electronic audio equipment such as the ordinary radio , TV or taperecorder and player has a broadcasting ( playing ) capacity of up to 20 KHz .
Smirnov 's device calculates the spoken word / audio sound so that it bypasses the " outer " human ear and is only picked up by the " inner " human ear .
The effect is that the brain of the exposed individual will interpret the " message " as having originated from the inside of his brain .
This is accomplished via a simple electronic circuit which " splits " the audio up into two frequencies .
Mostly that 's 10 Mhz & 15 Mhz ( There are also other frequencies )
The device works best if the targeted individual is suffering from a psychosis so that he or she will " hear " voices which are auditory hallucinations and OBEY THEM !
The above described device can then be tuned so that it imitates these voices so that the targeted individual will obey your own comands instead of the hallucinatory ones .
This is one of the techniques the government has developed under its numerous classified MIND CONTROL research projects .
The backengineered Silent Sound device also has a Tinnitus - like effect .
Schematics & circuits at :
Http://www.raven1.net
Scroll down and click on " BUILD YOUR OWN "
The FBI wanted to try this technique with David Koresh who it was hoped would be megalomanical enough to believe GOD was speaking to him and instructing him to give himself up .
The plan was abandoned for fear it might not work and trigger greater violence instead .
The highly classified reason for the concern that this particular technique might not work in David Koresh 's case is that while David Koresh was certainly megalomanical he was not psychotic to the degree where he would have suffered auditory hallucinations which is the state of mind necessary for this particular method to work best .
This was discussed at the intelligence meeting where Smirnov demonstrated his device to the Americans , shortly before the standoff at Waco turned into a tragedy .
Mark Chapman , on the other hand , was " hearing voices " .
He complained to his doctors about " the little people in his head " and was subsequently diagnosed as suffering from a Psychosis .
The real secret , however , is that Mark Chapman 's psychosis had been ARTIFICIALLY INDUCED -- in other words , Chapman was suffering from a so - called " MODEL PSYCHOSIS " which can NOT be distinguished from a genuine " internal " psychosis .
Another classified subliminal technique involves trasmission of subliminal messages via microwaves .
This is accomplished by connecting an electret microphone ( or an ear jack -- for remote operation , use a remote - control radio microphone ) to an audio preamplifier which amplifies the relatively weak signal of the electret microphone .
This amplified signal is then sent through a signal amplifier which makes the signal even stronger .
( It is possible that subliminal output quality may be improved by repeating the two aforementioned steps several times , but I have n't tried this out . )
This even stronger signal is then placed within a pulse width modulating network which mixes the audio with the digital .
The output signal then goes to a microwave transmitter and is broadcasted via a parabolic antenna .
Parabolic antennas are directional so that the signal carrying the spoken word via the subliminal Rf and / or microwaves can be directly beamed at a target .
Such a subliminal device can be operated in both the Rf as well as in the microwave frequencies .
Another way is to hook up a Neurophone to a police - type audio doppler radar transmitter , transmitting in the K - band police radar frequencies .
( Try 23 - 24 Ghz ) For more info on the Neurophone & circuits thereof , go to : Http://home.dmv.com/~tbastian/nuroindx.htm
Click on CIRCUITS at the bottom of that page
There are of course numerous other subliminal techniques .
In order to obtain a more detailed technical understanding of these its often very helpful to check out the various " HEARING AID " - patents for the deaf as the military and classified " black " research community has done the same to turn these into subliminal buck rogers devices and weapons .
Another way to obtain more detailed technical information is to discretly interview the same scientists and electronical engineers who have done this research for the Intelligence Agencies .
You will come across their names if you search the homepage of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and use the Bolean search system supplied there to search the cover pages of the patents of interest .
Due to the end of the Cold War , numerous Eastern technicians who have conducted similar research for Eastern European governments during the Cold War are now also flooding into the U.S. and Western Europe .
Its often extremely helpful to talk to them .
( Beware of ex-KGB agents who are cooperating with the U.S. government , telling you B.S. and for being allowed to stay in the United States ) .
LET US NOW ANALYZE THE ASSASSINATION OF JOHN LENNON :
It has been fairly well documented that Chapman was psychotic when she shot Lennon .
Before the assassination , in the advanced stages of his model psychosis , Chapman sat in his room in Hawai and kept chanting over and over and over :
THE PHONY MUST DIE SAYS THE CATCHER IN THE RYE !
THE PHONY MUST DIE SAYS DIE SAYS THE CATCHER IN THE RYE !
JOHN LENNON MUST DIE SAYS THE CATCHER IN THE RYE !
This is remakably similar to Sirhan Sirhan , writing into his notebook that " RFK MUST BE ASSASSINATED ASSASSINATED ASSASSINATED ASSASSINATED " ( is n't it !)
And in Sirhan Sirhan 's case the autopsy of RFK clearly proves that he did NOT kill Robert F. Kennedy !
What we can now deduct here is that the government has secretly continued to develop this highly classified technique to eliminate all human contact between the assassin and his " inducer " .
Thus Chapman first became the victim of the artificial model psychosis , then received highly sophisticated subliminal instructions to CHANT " JOHN LENNON MUST DIE SAYS THE CATCHER IN THE RYE " so that he psyched himself up .
This is the important distinction here :
I am not proposing that subliminal technologies exist which can make someone assassinate a preselected target even if the person it is suggested to is suffering from the advanced stages of an artificially induced model psychosis .
Rather , what I am saying here is that the subliminal messages are used to trick the Manchurian - Candidate - in - the- Making " to psych himself up .
And once in the grips of a model psychosis , he will not be able to grasp the significance of the messages he is chanting or writing .
And who do you think is the real " Catcher in the Rye " ?
Let 's not kid ourselves :
THE CATCHER IN THE RYE IS THE FBI !!!!!
It was the FBI of course who because of the contrast between his personal wealth and his involvement in social and socialist causes had long considered John Lennon to be a phony .
The FBI harassment of Lennon is a long one and has been fairly well documented by UCLA history professor Jon Wiener .
Why would the government want to assassinate John Lennon .
Remember this was the time of the Cold War .
Ronald Reagan had just been elected for the promise to " make America strong again " .
This entailed building up the military , heating up the arms race and engage in numerous insurgencies in Third World countries .
The government did n't need a John Lennon capable of motivating millions of people to march in " Give Peace A Chance " demonstrations .
They were afraid of the political impact he would have .
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION :
Newly released documents prove that during the last days of WWII , the British government considered several plots to assassinate Adolf Hitler .
One of the plots considered was to hypnotize Rudolf Hess to shoot Hitler .
As we have meticulously discussed , hypnosis is useless for this purpose .
Hypnosis is a cover and a codeword for a PSYCHOSIS , that is , an artificially induced MODEL PSYCHOSIS , and a clever array of carefully worked - out techniques which together do work .
The point I am trying to make is that if the British government experimented with these techniques back in the early 1940's , they surely must be aware that Mark Chapman is the victim of an artificially induced model psychosis .
CONCLUSION : CERTAIN PARTS OF THE BRITISH GOVERNMENT ARE COOPERATING IN THE ASSASSINATION OF THEIR OWN CITIZEN , EX - BEATLE JOHN LENNON !
MORE ADDITIONAL INFO
Do not confuse a psychopath ( like Ted Bundy , for example ) who has no conscience about the crimes he commits with someone who committs a crime because he is suffering from a psychosis so that he is hallucinating and can thus no longer distinguish between right and wrong .
A psychopath , on the other hand , knows the difference between right and wrong .
He is not hallucinating and understands that his actions constitute a crime .
He simply does n't have a conscience .
Chapman committed the crime as a result of a psychosis which had progessed to the point where he was hallucinating and not in touch with reality anymore .
The question NEVER EVER addressed by the mainstream investigative newsmedia is whether Chapman 's psychosis was the result of a genuine " internal " mental imbalance or an artificially induced model psychosis which is the result of " external " manipulation .
Unfortunately , even a highly trained , experienced psychiatrist will not be able to distinguish an artificially induced " external " model psychosis from a genuine " internal " psychosis which develops due to mental illness .
With regards to the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy ( John F. Kennedy 's brother ) :
The autopsy of RFK's body clearly proves beyond any reasonable doubt that RFK was shot from behind by a gun which due to the burn marks it left on his clothing could not have been more than a few inches from his body .
Sirhan Sirhan , on the other hand stood in front of RFK and NEVER EVER got closer than one or two yards .
In other words , whoever killed RFK , it sure was n't Sirhan Sirhan .
The autopsy was performed by Dr. Thomas Noguchi ( I 'm recalling his name from memory and may be spelling it wrong ) .
Sirhan also held his arm ( with the gun ) at a straight angle while RFK 's autopsy proves his killer shot upwards so that the bullets which really killed RFK ended up stuck in the ceiling tiles which the LAPD promptly removed ( and subsequently conveniently trashed ) .
It is easy to verify ( by discussing this technique with knowleable psychiatrists , for example ) that an individual suffering from the advanced stages of an artificially induced model psychosis can easily be manipulated to commit acts of violence he or she would not normally commit .
Another item of interest that should be highlighted here is that moments before Chapman assassinated John Lennon , the Dakota 's nightwatchman , Jose Perdomo , a Cuban exile , was discussing the assassination of John F. Kennedy with Mark Chapman .
( See article (s ) in the weekly People Magazine by James R. Gaines , sometime in the 1980's ) Mark Chapman later said , " That assassination has always meant a great deal to me ! "
Can we begin to understand the covert methodologies involved here ?
Remember that Jack Ruby was being psyched up by Dallas police officer Olson , that " Lee Harvey Oswald should be cut inch by inch into ribbons " , before he shot him .
Ever since Watergate , it is no longer a national secret that many Cuban exiles are closely associated with the Central Intelligence Agency .
Such " harmless " conversations have a considerably more profound impact on someone suffering from the advanced stages of an artificially induced model psychosis -- as Chapman certainly was -- and an even greater impact if the suffering individual has been cleverly tricked into psyching himself up that " THE CATCHER IN THE RYE ( i.e. , the FBI ) SAYS JOHN LENNON MUST DIE !
Jose Perdomo's intelligence associations should be immediately investigated !!!
Why " The Catcher In The Rye " - title ???
The literary story and content of J.D. Salinger 's book " The Catcher in the Rye " has absolutely no connection to the asassination of John Lennon .
Mark Chapman did NOT read the book and decide to assassinate John Lennon simply because of J.D. Salinger 's story .
In order to brainwash an innocent , unwitting individual via an artificially induced model psychosis to hallucinate that he must carry out the asassination of a preselected target it is necessary to trick the " Manchurian - Candidate - In - the - Making " to psych himself up .
For this purpose it is very helpful to subliminally induce the subject to repeatedly chant or write down a rhym connected with the subliminal assassination message ( i.e. RFK must be assasinated assassinated assassinated assassinated -- as in the Sirhan Sirhan case ) THE CATCHER IN THE RYE SAYS JOHN LENNON ( or " the phony ) MUST DIE obviously serves this purpose perfectly .
In addition , it is quite plausible that the term " Catcher In The Rye " denotes a secret clique of Intelligence officials ( FBI , CIA , etcetera ) who for obvious reasons can't bragg openly about how they pulled off the assassination of John Lennon .
The Central Intelligence Agency's own recruitment brochure compares the CIA headquarters to a university setting .
And we all know what happens at any regular university where large numbers of people come together :
They soon form cliques .
This is even more true in the world of intelligence and covert operations .
If you are interested in their mindcontrol technologies a great place to start a technological search can be found at :
" http://www.trufax.org/menu/patents.html "
Check out U.S. patent # 4,858,612 , titled " HEARING DEVICE " , issued to Philip Stocklin .
( SECOND FROM TOP )
Its a device which uses microwaves to transmit audio into human heads
Also , you can check out :
" http://www.mk.net/~mcf/frey.htm " for the description of an experiment Alan Frey conducted in the 1960's which transmitted audio into human heads via microwaves .
Other interesting sites are :
http://www.mk.net/~mcf/mind_net/mnindex.htm
http://www.mk.net/~mcf/news~old.htm "
http//www.saber.net/~walter/brnsynth.txt "
Internet web sites featuring research on the microwave audio effect , which can be used to imitate the " voices " an individual may hear and obey in the advanced stages of an artificially induced model psychosis ( See FBI = ' Catcher In The Rye' BELOW ) so that the target obeys the microwave - based subliminal commands rather than his own auditory hallucinations :
Http://www.raven1.net
http://www.nas.net/~raven1/unclass.htm
http://www.nas.net/~raven1/acouhetr.gif
http://www.nas.net/~raven1/v2s-kohn.htm
http://www.nas.net/~raven1/v2skull.gif
http://www.nas.net/~raven1/history.gif
And for the precise circuits , diagrams and schematics of the Neurophone , go to :
http://home.dmv.com/~tbastian/nuro.htm
Http://home.dmv.com/~tbastian/nuroindx.htm
Click on NURO CIRCUITS at the bottom of this page )
To build a device which broadcasts audio into the human head via microwaves , connect a police type doppler radar transmitter to the Experimenter 's Neurophone listed on Terry Bastian Neurophone homepage see above ) , then test all frequencies by hooking it all up to a Sweep Oscillator ( be sure to check out the 20 - 30 GHZ range , but do n't leave it at that .
TEST ALL FREQUENCIES with a SWEEP OSCILLATOR !!!)
I have read John Marks book , The Search For The Manchurian Candidate , and I can recommend it .
As you may know , its a rather conservative book which asserts that this mind control stuff was carried out but did n't work .
The fact is , you are correct in asserting that HYPNOSIS does NOT work .
All I 'm saying is that in those documents ( the ones released to John Marks under the Freedom of Information Act , among others ) , the word HYPNOSIS is a thin cover ( a very thin cover , if you know what you 're doing ) for an artificially induced model PSYCHOSIS , which , as any knowledgeable psychiatrist should be able to confirm does do the job .
And Chapman was indeed suffering from a psychosis when he shot John Lennon .
The real trick is to trick the " Manchurian - Candidate - In - The - Making " to psych himself up once the artificially induced model psachosis has progressed within the individual to a certain stage ( i.e. , once he does n't realize the significance of his actions any longer due to one of the most classical symptoms of a psychosis -- both of genuine , internal ones as well as of artificially induced model psychoses , -- which is that the subject will lose ALL contact with reality ) .
In Sirhan Sirhan 's case this was accomplished by manipulating him into practicing the rituals of the Rosecrucians .
These were to sit in front of his mirror and write his thoughts down into his notebook .
Once this initially harmless exercise became a habbit for Sirhan , his model psychosis was clandestinely induced .
There are in fact two ways in which this can be accomplished .
The easiest is via Methamphetamine overintoxication -- and it only takes five to seven days of continuing drugging to accomplish that .
If the dose is low enough , the subject will not realize that his sudden increase in stress & anxiety is due to external manipulations , ( See the chapter on experiments with Nazi concentration camp inmates with Mescaline in John Marks aforementioned book ) .
A more " modern " way to induce a psychosis is to subject the subject to microwaves in the 2.7 GHZ - 15 GHZ range .
One such a device , which I am currently in the process of putting together utilizes a so - called audio - band pink noise generator which generates a low - frequency white noise signal .
This low - frequency white noise signal is modulated on a high - frequency generator , sent over a Haan high - frequency gunn diode ( MA41500 gunn diode does the job ) and exits via an antenna Feedhorn Assy .
The entire device is no bigger than a small cigar box and can easily be hidden under the target 's bed so that it SILENTLY disrupts his sleep .
Microwave induced stress is cumulative and it may take several weeks to induce the psychosis where the individual is at the stage that he can no longer resist the subliminal and psychological trickery which is then necessary to induce him to commit the assassination .
Back to Sirhan :
Once he had reached the " desired " stage of the psychosis , the " thoughts " which came to his mind while sitting in front of his mirror are clearly reflected in what -- by continuing to carry out the practices of the Rosecrucians -- he wrote into his notebook , i.e. , that " R.F.K. must be assassinated , assassinated , assassinated , asassinated ... etcetera .
All I 'm saying here is that due to the other evidence of the crime scene , i.e. , the fact that Robert F. Kennedy was shot from behind while Sirhan stood in front of him ( as the autopsy proves ) I believe that these " thoughts " were not Sirhan 's own but rather subliminally induced .
( ultrasound , infrasound , etcetera : If , as John Marks believes , the " MK " in " MK - ULTRA " stands for " Mind Kontrol " , does the ULTRA stand for ULTRASOUND ??? --
Some food for thought !)
Just like any other technologies , the technique was clandestinely improved upon .
While in Sirhan Sirhan 's case some human contact was necessary between his manipulators and the subject to trick him into practicing the Rosecrucian rituals , in Chapman 's case no such give - away contact was necessary anymore as the same trick was accomplished by manipulating Chapman to sit in his room and while in a psychotic state of mind prepeatedly chant " THE CATCHER IN THE RYE SAYS JOHN LENNON MUST DIE ! "
( In other words , Chapman may have received repeated subliminal messages to chant this ) .
Just like writing the assassination message into his notebook , chanting it repeatedly also tricks a subject suffering from the advanced stages of an artificially induced model psychosis into psyching himself up . =>
This then eventually results in the assassination !
We should also keep in mind here that such subliminal devices need not be bigger than a small ghetto - blaster , stereo - walkman or pocket radio to which an individual in an advanced psychotic state of mind will exhibit a much greater reaction than a person in a " normal " state of mind .
These devices can be clandestinely hidden in the objects of his or her surroundings ( i.e. , the walls , under the bed , etcetera -- this is classical spy - stuff )
So , now that I have spilled the beans for all you curious internet browsers , are n't you curious how I figured it all out ???
Here is a list of articles , books and sources on John Lennon 's assassination :
" DESCENT INTO MADNESS , The Life and Crime of Mark David Chapman " article by James R. Gaines in the weekly People Magazine , June 22nd , 1981
Article on Mark Chapman & Lennon shooting in People magazine , by James R. Gaines , February 1987 ( Part I of a three - part series )
" In The Shadows A Killer Waited " , article by James R. Gaines in the weekly People Magazine , March 2 , 1987 , Part II of a three part series with additional reporting by Gay Daly
" The Killer Takes His Fall " , subtitle : " With A ' Command From God ' , The Lennon Murder Case Is Closed " , article in People Magazine by James R. Gaines with additional reporting by Gay Daly , Part III of a three part series , March 9 , 1987
Articles on FBI 's plan to make David Koresh believe he was hearing " the voice of God " , as " played " by actor Charles Heston :
" Soon , Phasers On Stun " , article by John Barry and Tom Morgenthau in Newsweek Magazine , Volume CXXIII , No. , 06 , February 7 , 1994 , pages 26 - 28 .
as well as :
" MIND CONTROL IN WACO ?
THE FBI , THE RUSSIANS AND DAVID KORESH " ,
article in the Village Voice by Michael Drosnin , March 8 , 1994 , volume 39 , page 18 .
" So why , after all this , did I plead guilty and destroy my chance for a trial , maybe for an acquittal on grounds of insanity ? [...]
It happened one day as I was sitting in my cell listening to rock music on the radio .
God changed something in my heart and He spoke to my heart so that I could hear Him through all the sickness that was in my mind at that time .
HE TOLD ME TWICE TO PLEAD GUILTY , AND FOR SOME REASON I DIDN'T QUESTION THAT .
I was out of my mind and I wanted to go to that trial worse than anything in the world .
That was my mission , to promote The Catcher In The Rye .
So why would I plead guilty and just walk away from the best chance I would ever have to promote the book that had become my life [...] ? [...]
I pled guilty because I recognized God 's voice through all that -- through all the insanity and through a mind that was totally obsessed and centered on the promotion of this book .
[...] it did not come to me on my own .
[...] it was God that took away that desire to go to trial and fulfill my mission .
My lawyer did n't want me to plead guilty .
The psychiatrists did n't want me to plead guilty , and they tried to stop me from doing it . [...]
At the sentencing , I was no longer with the Lord .
I was n't listening anymore .
I carried The Catcher In The Rye in there and I FELT TERRIBLE THAT I HAD BLOWN THE TRIAL .
So I read from The Catcher In The Rye instead of the bible .
[ END OF QUOTE ]
The voice of God ?
Piped through the radio , instead of through the telephone as the FBI had intended with David Koresh at the standoff in Waco , Texas ?
Excuse me , but we know better , do n't we , Mr. FBI deputy director of technical services Steven Killion , Dr. Igor Smirnov , Non-Lethal Weapons Expert Janet Morris , Ex-CIA officer Ray Cline and Attorney General Janet Reno ( who all contemplated using such a device against David Koresh ) ?!!!!
So there you have it .
THE FBI IS THE CATCHER IN THE RYE .
THE FBI INDUCED MARK CHAPMAN'S PSYCHOSIS , THEN IMITATED HIS AUDITORY HALLUCINATIONS WITH CLEVER SUBLIMINAL DEVICES AND TRICKED HIM INTO PSYCHING HIMSELF UP TO SHOOT JOHN LENNON BY HAVING HIM CHANT , " THE PHONY MUST DIE -- SAYS THE CATCHER IN THE RYE ! " -- WHILE HIS ARTIFICIALLY INDUCED MODEL PSYCHOSIS WAS GROWING WITHIN HIM , THEN USED THE SAME TECHNOLOGY THEY WANTED TO USE IN WACO , TEXAS TO MANIPULATE DAVID KORESH INTO GIVING HIMSELF UP TO TRICK MARK CHAPMAN INTO PLEADING GUILTY TO THE ASSASSINATION OF JOHN LENNON .
YOU KNOW WHAT , :
F*CK THE FBI !
Sincerely , The Catcher of " The Catcher In The Rye "
Read the book called " Who Shot John Lennon ? " , can't remember the author 's name , but a good bookshop will look it up .
The author asks a single question I 've never heard anyone in the world ask , and it puts the whole case against the FBI to bed !
He asked : -" When & where was Mark Chapman 's trial ? "
" Maybe I was n't paying attention for a couple of days , & it was pushed through real quick ! "
Look at the media circus that took place over O.J. Simpson 's trial !
Do n't you think it would have been even bigger over John Lennon ?
Finally , even if you are caught red-handed , there must be a trial before imprisonment .
Did they just want him out of the way as quickly as possible in case he said something he should n't have ?
ANSWER : Mark Chapman was sitting in his prison cell , listening to the radio .
Suddenly he " heard " the " voice of God " , instructing him to plead guilty .
He pled guilty and received a 20 - years - to - life sentence .
( Read all about this in the three part article series by James R. Gaines in People Weekly , February and March 1987 February )
Look it up in the index at any public library .
Remember when , at the standoff , in Waco , Texas , the FBI wanted to use actor Charlton Heston to transmit " the voice of God " through the telephone , instructing Koresh to give himself up ?
( See Newsweek Magazine article , " Soon Phasers On Stun " , pages 26 - 28 , February 7 , 1994 , by John Barry and Tom Morgenthau )
So with Chapman , they did it through the radio .
THE FBI IS THE CATCHER IN THE RYE !
THE FBI ASSASSINATED JOHN LENNON
Still not convinced ?
Go back an read the Newsweek and Time magazine articles on the assassination of Mexican Presidential Candidate Colosio in April 1994 .
At first glance a lone gunman shoots Colosio .
But what did the Mexican tabloit TV stations discover when they continued to replay the tape of the assassination ?
Before Aburto ( the assassin ) shot Colosio , a security guard was clearing the way for him .
Aburto stated that he was never planning to assassinate Colosio .
He went to where Colosio was speaking , and suddenly a little voice from deep inside " came over him " which instructed him to shoot Colosio 's feet .
( See Washington Post , May 1 , 1994 ) Shortly after the assassination , the chief of police , who had developed leads on other suspects was shot and killed by unidentified gunmen .
The official conclusion of the Mexican government is that Colosio was assassinated as a result of a powerful conspiracy they 've been unable to crack and bring to justice .
source :
http://www-chaos.umd.edu/
Bright - Sided : How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America , by Barbara Ehrenreich , New York : Metropolitan Books , 256 pages , $ 23
One of my earliest memories is no more than a command : " Smile . "
The directive was delivered by my father , standing over me in a church pew , definitely not smiling .
I was n't so much a morose kid as a deeply internal one , and whatever expression I made while lost in thought lacked the cheerfulness expected of little girls .
As I would learn soon after that day in church , an American female with a downward - sloping mouth cannot escape the tyranny of smile - pushers .
My dad 's request was echoed by teachers ( " Try to look interested " ) , relatives ( " Why so glum ? " ) , and , much later , random construction workers ( " Smile , baby ! " ) .
So it 's more than a little refreshing to know that Barbara Ehrenreich does n't care whether you smile .
Indeed , she 'd rather you not .
In Bright - Sided : How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America , she accuses positivity freaks of corrupting the media , infiltrating medical science , perverting religion , and destroying the economy .
In her attempt to link starfish - shaped " reach for the stars " beanbags and global economic devastation , Ehrenreich gets ahead of herself , but along the way she pushes back against a kind of cultural pressure so totalizing we sometimes fail to notice its existence .
All the Oprah - ready gurus you would expect to populate this polemic show up to share some advice — here 's Joel Osteen warning us never to " verbalize a negative emotion , " there 's Tony Robbins exhorting us to " Get motivated ! "
In turning the United States into a 24 - hour pep rally , charges Ehren - reich , these professional cheerleaders have all but drowned out downers like " realism " and " rationality . "
Their followers are trained to dismiss bad news rather than assimilate or reflect upon its importance .
Motivators counsel an upbeat ignorance — the kind of illusory worldview that might , say , convince a president that his soldiers will be greeted as liberators in a foreign state , or a mayor that his city 's crumbling levees can withstand the force of a hurricane .
But Ehrenreich seems less worried about what positivity fans value than what they ignore .
Her idea of a life well - lived , as she repeatedly tells us , involves storming into the world and demanding progressive political change .
Positivity 's decidedly inward focus — in which the solution to every problem lies in a mere attitudinal shift — thus seems troubling , a " retreat from the real drama and tragedy of human events . "
When a Kansas City pastor declares his church " complaint - free , " Ehrenreich sees a demand that Americans content themselves with their dismal lot .
When companies hire motivators to boost morale in the workplace , she sees " a means of social control " by which disgruntled employees are brainwashed into acquiescence .
" America 's white - collar corporate work - force drank the Kool - Aid , " she writes , " and accepted positive thinking as a substitute for their former affluence and security . "
Life coach / professional - motivator - types are soft targets .
They do n't seem particularly bright , they use verbs in dumb ways ( as in " God will prosper you " ) , and they cultivate a general air of overcaffeinated quackery .
One wonders how anyone takes them seriously .
But no one takes them more seriously than Ehrenreich , who believes them capable of driving Americans toward a bizarre array of conflicting behaviors .
In blaming so much evil on positive thinking , she casts optimism as both an opiate — numbing us into a kind of stoned complacency , as with the wronged employers — and a stimulant , pumping us up for an ill - advised investment or attack on a foreign nation .
She 'd do far better to pick one .
Does positivity lull us into quiescence or spur us toward risk - taking ?
Whichever it is , the effects cannot be comprehensively awful .
If we believe Tony Robbins can motivate an investment banker to throw billions into a risky investment , should n't we also grant him the power to motivate good risk - taking — say , helping a timid woman leave her domineering husband ?
Maybe it 's true that " executive coaches " can quash dissent among employees by encouraging gratitude rather than opposition .
But if the positivity coaches really can help people find happiness in what they already have , they 've surely convinced some followers to forgo an unaffordable new McMansion or a flashy new car .
Ehrenreich weighs down her argument with dubious chains of causation and ponderous overstatement , but her central point still shines through the mess .
Platitudinous happy - talk seems so harmless that most of us barely notice it , yet it can be a burdensome , even bullying , attempt to enforce emotional conformity .
Consider , for instance , the " pink - ribbon culture , " a rose - tinted world Ehrenreich steps into when she is diagnosed with breast cancer .
" Positive thinking seems to be mandatory in the breast cancer world , " she writes , " to the point that unhappiness requires a kind of apology . "
Dour pathology slides are out ; " remembrance " teddy bears are in .
The women Ehrenreich encounters insist that cancer is n't a morbid tragedy but a life - transforming " gift . "
The words " victim " and " patient " are frowned upon ; the preferred terminology is " survivor . "
Survivors " battle " or " fight " toward their " survivorhood , " while those who die from the disease , in Ehrenreich 's telling , are barely mentioned at all .
When she posts a mildly angry message on an Internet message board , she is chastised for her " bad attitude " and told to " get help . "
What is disturbing about the culture she describes is its uniformity , the sense that there is no space for those who might react to trauma with something other than plush toys and perkiness .
As Ehrenreich confronts her diagnosis , she tends toward a hard - edged realism , and she feels increasingly isolated from the group .
She resents — rightly , I think — the attempts to coach her into infantile gratitude for a disease that threatens to kill her .
( As she points out in a fascinating summary of the literature , the supposed link between optimism and cancer survival rates is mostly myth . )
Here , as in nowhere else in the book , one senses the group bearing down on the individual , pushing each new patient toward the desired emotional response .
It 's no surprise that I was first told to smile while sitting in a church pew .
The world of positivity is one of preachers , sacred books , incantations , revival meetings , and mystical teachings , all emanating from the idea that happy thoughts have the power to transform the physical world .
For some people , sometimes , this fulfills a real need .
But in the absence of critics like Ehrenreich , we run the risk of passively absorbing this dogma as it seeps into our lives , gently diminishing the sense that some circumstances really are beyond our control .
Positivity is a secular religion .
Sometimes it takes a village atheist to remind us that we can choose not to believe .
Kerry Howley ( khowley@reason.com ) is a contributing editor for reason .
A version of this article originally appeared in Double X .
Fire - fighters and emergency service workers are left injured in clashes with police in Northern Spain during a protest against privatization of the emergency services .
Pakistan volleyball bombing kills 88
LAKI MARWAT , Pakistan , Jan. 1 ( UPI ) --
A suicide bomber killed scores of people Friday during a volleyball game in Laki Marwat , a city in northwest Pakistan , police said .
Advertisement
Police said the bomber drove a truck packed with explosives onto the sports field in Laki Marwat , The Times of London reported .
The confirmed death toll climbed rapidly during the day with the Times putting it at 88 .
Most of the victims were children as young as 12 , the newspaper said .
Anwer Khan , 18 , told The Times he saw a black pick - up truck head toward the spectators .
" A giant flame leaped toward the sky , " Khan said .
" There was bright light everywhere , just like a flash , and then a very huge blast shook everything .
Two pellets hit my forehead and blood started flowing . "
The city is near South Waziristan , where government forces have been battling Taliban militants , and the attack marked the latest retaliation for the Pakistani military 's offensive .
More than 500 people have been killed in bombings and other terrorist attacks since the campaign began in October .
" The locality has been a hub of militants .
Locals set up a militia and expelled the militants from this area , " police Chief Ayub Khan said .
" This attack seems to be a reaction to their expulsion . "
Khan said some victims might still be trapped in houses that had collapsed in the crowded neighborhood around the sports field .
The number of wounded was also high .
Advertisement
Clinton condemns Pakistan terrorist attack
WASHINGTON , Jan. 1 ( UPI ) -- U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton Friday denounced the Pakistan terrorist attack that killed nearly 90 people , most of them children .
" The United States strongly condemns today 's terrorist attack on civilians in Pakistan , and we offer our condolences to the families of the victims and all the people of Pakistan , " Clinton said .
Her comments came after a suicide bomber drove a truck filled with explosives onto a sports field during a volleyball came in Laki Marwat , a city in northwest Pakistan .
" The Pakistani people have seen terrorists target schools , markets , mosques and now a volleyball game , " the secretary said .
" The United States will continue to stand with the people of Pakistan in their efforts to chart their own future free from fear and intimidation , and will support their efforts to combat violent extremism and bolster democracy . "
The attack occurred near the Waziristan tribal region , believed to be home to Taliban and al - Qaida training bases , where government forces have been battling Taliban militants .
Intruder at Danish cartoonist 's home shot
AARHUS , Denmark , Jan. 1 ( UPI ) --
Danish police said they wounded a man Friday at the home of Kurt Westergaard , the cartoonist who drew Muslims ' anger with his drawings of the Prophet Mohammed .
The Guardian said Danish media reported a 27 - year - old Somali armed with a knife and ax broke a window on the Aarhus - area home of the 74 - year - old cartoonist about 10 p.m. and tried to get in .
East Jutland Police Chief superintendent Morten Jensen said when officers arrived , the man tried to attack one of them with the ax and he was shot in his right leg and his left arm .
Jensen said the wounds were not serious and he was in custody .
Advertisement
Westergaard ignited a firestorm in the Muslim world in 2005 when the Jyllands - Posten newspaper published his drawing depicting Mohammed wearing a turban shaped like a bomb with a fuse .
The drawing was considered a serious affront by Muslims , who believe no image of the prophet should be produced or shown .
Jyllands - Posten quoted Westergaard as saying the intruder " threatened to kill me . "
" I ran out to the bathroom where our security room is .
I was worried for my grandchild .
I was afraid , " he said .
" I knew that I could not match him .
So I alerted the police .
It was scary .
It was really close .
But we did it .
It was good . "
Ignorance may have saved Flight 253
DETROIT , Jan. 1 ( UPI ) --
The alleged Northwest airline bomber 's lack of knowledge about the chemistry of his explosives may have averted a disaster in American skies , experts say .
The chemical powder in Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's explosive and the liquid in the syringe , meant to set it off , had a slim chance of causing a successful detonation , the Detroit Free Press reported Friday .
One expert thinks whoever planned the attack lacked sufficient knowledge of the chemistry of the substances involved .
" I think they just had not done enough research on how to get it to go off , " said Jimmie Oxley , a professor of chemistry at the University of Rhode Island .
" I hate to say that because it 's like throwing down a gauntlet , saying , ' Hey , you need to study more , ' but I think it 's true . "
Advertisement
The explosive powder , pentaerythritol tetranitrate , or PETN , needs more than just fire to ignite .
A wick or fuse is required , experts say , but either would be detected by current airport security methods , the Free Press reported .
" These guys are n't rocket scientists , " said retired Drug Enforcement Administration special agent Gregory D. Lee .
" Suicide bombers do n't grow on trees .
And by definition alone , everybody you get has no experience in doing such things . "
Abdulmutallab , a 23 - year - old Nigerian who claims ties to al - Qaida , was charged with attempting to ignite an explosive on the Christmas Day flight bound from the Netherlands to Detroit .
2nd passenger questioned in terror attempt
DET , Mich. , Jan. 1 ( UPI ) --
A second passenger aboard Northwest Airlines Flight 253 was handcuffed and searched after the failed Christmas Day terror attack , federal officials said .
The Detroit News reports a canine alerted police to something in the man 's carry - on luggage , prompting authorities to question and search him before releasing him .
Ronald Smith , chief U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer for the Detroit area , in an e-mail to the News , apologized that accurate information on the incident had not been available earlier , the newspaper reported .
After a couple aboard the flight reported seeing someone other than terror suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab being handcuffed , Smith initially had said the second person was from another flight .
In his e-mail , copied to the couple , Kurt and Lori Haskell of Taylor , Smith said he had received new information and hoped it would " clear up the matter . "
Advertisement
The couple said the man , who appeared to be of Indian descent , was taken into a room for questioning and later came out handcuffed .
The man was interviewed and searched but not arrested , Smith said .
At least 45 dead in Brazil landslides
RIO DE JANEIRO , Jan. 1 ( UPI ) -- Landslides in the Rio de Janeiro area triggered by heavy rains caused at least 45 deaths , Argentine government officials said Friday .
Brasil Online reported initial reports from officials indicated the 22 killed in one landslide at Angra dos Reis included at least a dozen tourists .
Jornal do Brasil reported search - and - rescue efforts had been suspended for the night and were to resume Saturday .
Rio de Janeiro state Gov. Sergio Cabral , who declared three days of morning , was expected to reach the disaster scene in the morning .
CNN reported a giant mudslide came down on the Sankay Inn resort at Angra dos Reis about 4:30 a.m. , killing 22 and injuring two dozen more State officials said 15 more bodies were found floating on the nearby island of Ilha Grande .
Others reportedly died in smaller landslides .
Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva said he would dispatch military personnel to help carry out rescue and relief efforts in remote coastal areas where more bodies were believed to be trapped .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 January 29
Explanation : Mars is at opposition tonight , opposite the Sun in planet Earth 's sky .
Of course , it will be easy to spot because Mars appears close to tonight 's Full Moon , also opposite the Sun in Earth 's night sky in the constellation Cancer .
For this opposition , Mars remains just over 99 million kilometers away , not a particularly close approach for the Red Planet .
Still , this sharp view of Mars recorded on January 22nd is an example of the telescopic images possible in the coming days .
The planet 's whitish north polar cap is at the upper right .
Mars ' tiny red disk is about 14 arcseconds in angular diameter , less than 1/100th the diameter of the Full Moon .
He 's been beaten by Mugabe 's thugs and Russian Nazis : Is Peter Tatchell the bravest man in Britain ?
A sign on Peter Tatchell 's front door warns would - be assassins that there is round - the - clock CCTV police surveillance on his flat .
The arson attacks have , mercifully , stopped since the camera was installed , and there is less chance now of a vengeful killer lurking in wait on his doorstep .
That aside , though , the repeated beatings he has endured during four decades as Britain 's most prominent and relentless human rights campaigner have conferred an unhappy legacy .
For Tatchell has brain damage and recently announced that ill - health has forced him to abandon his role as Green Party candidate for Oxford East .
And while for some he remains a controversial , and perhaps unsympathetic , figure because of his uncompromising promotion of gay rights , no one can deny that he has suffered harshly for his convictions .
Unflinching : Russian police arrest Peter Tatchell during a demonstration in Moscow
' It is a huge disappointment and frustration , ' he says .
' But my doctor told me it would be inadvisable to stand as a candidate for the General Election ; that it would be too much of a strain and that I need to cut back on my workload .
' Successive beatings have left me with brain damage and the symptoms are impaired memory and balance , poor co-ordination and diminished concentration .
I make more mistakes .
Words get jumbled up when I write , so I 'm prone to misspelling , and I get confused , which can be a problem when I 'm speaking in public .
' I met a friend I 've known for 30 years the other day and could n't remember his name .
It was so perplexing and distressing .
The sight in my right eye is quite poor , I can just see blurred outlines , although the left eye , which is also damaged , compensates .
' I 'm also utterly exhausted .
I feel as if I could sleep for a thousand years .
I have a permanent headache and upset stomach .
My eyes feel dead .
I 'm 6ft tall and my weight has fallen to 9st 8 lb eight .
I work 14 - 16 hours a day , seven days a week .
I have n't got an office and I have one assistant who can barely cope with his workload .
' I think I 've come close to a nervous breakdown .
I 've resisted admitting it .
I do n't want people to think I 'm superman - but neither do I want them to think I 'm weak , frail and finished ; because I 'm not .
But I have to be honest and publicly acknowledge my limitations . '
Tatchell , 57 , has endured successive - drubbings during his many protests to highlight the plight of those he feels are oppressed , and persecuted .
But it was two specific campaigns that earned him the vicious thrashings which he believes precipitated his current poor health .
The first , in 2001 , was a protest against the tyrannical regime of the then Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe .
The second , six years later , was at a march in Moscow for homosexual - rights ( Tatchell has been openly gay since he first became aware of his sexuality in his mid-teens ) .
In 2001 he went to Brussels to confront Mugabe , who was visiting EU commissioners and the Belgian Prime Minister .
His plan was to carry out a citizen 's arrest on the tyrant on charges of torture ; he justified his action under the United Nations Convention on Human Rights .
It is hard to overstate the courage - some would say foolhardiness - of his decision to confront , singlehanded , a dictator protected by a posse of burly and unprincipled bodyguards .
Peter Tatchell has been attacked by Robert Mugabe 's bodyguards
Every time he protests , he confesses to a debilitating surge of fear .
' I 'm always incredibly nervous and anxious , ' he says .
' I tremble and feel physically sick .
My stomach churns and my head aches . '
Yet he waited in the lobby of Mugabe 's hotel to tackle the tyrant and his retinue .
' I walked into the middle of his entourage and held up my hands to show I was n't armed .
I got within three feet of Mugabe .
I said : " I 'm arresting you on charges of torture . "
' I did n't say much more , because his bodyguards pounced and started beating me .
They were big , boxer types , well trained to dispose of 10st lightweights like me , ' he smiles wryly .
' They landed a few bad blows to my head . '
Then a moment of farce deflected them from their attack : Mugabe became stuck in a revolving door .
As he was being freed , Tatchell got to his feet , chased after the dictator and attempted to make his citizen 's arrest for a second time .
' I was bashed again and some journalists asked under whose authority I was being beaten , ' he recalls .
The presidential party attempted to drive off in their limousines .
This time , Tatchell stood in the path of Mugabe 's car .
' It stopped six inches from me and a bodyguard got out and hit me again .
He landed seven or eight blows to my head .
I was knocked unconscious .
When I came round , I was lying in the gutter with a throbbing head and blurred vision .
The motorcade had long departed .'
Photographs of Tatchell , bloodied but resolute , made international news .
But his injuries took a toll .
' For nearly a week , I was numb and semi- paralysed down the left side of my body from my head to upper thigh .
I was told to rest .
I did n't .
I just carried on with the next campaign . '
Is it anger that propels him ?
' It 's not anger .
I describe it as passion , determination and love - for other people and for justice . '
He says fear recedes when he focuses on the objective ; that in comparison with those who campaign for human rights in Zimbabwe , Iran and Russia , his injuries are trifling .
' There are people who are being tortured , raped and killed .
I have got off lightly , ' he says .
' When I see what they endure , it keeps me going . '
His refusal to allow himself the leisure to recuperate hampered his chances of recovery ; so , too , did the further vicious beating by Neo Nazis at a Russian Gay Pride march in 2007 .
Tatchell was invited to attend the march a month after he was selected as the Green candidate for Oxford East .
' The whole area was swamped with riot police and then suddenly , as if on some signal , they dispersed to allow around 200 Neo Nazis to storm in and attack the marchers at random , ' he recalls .
In the ensuing melee , Tatchell was dragged to the ground .
' I was kicked and punched in the head and body by half - a- dozen thugs while the police stood and watched .
My vision was blurred .
I was worried I might lose the sight in one eye .
Then when the police thought I 'd had enough of a thrashing , they moved in to arrest me and allowed the heavies to walk away .
It was as if the whole attack had been orchestrated .
' One policeman demanded to know if I was gay .
I hesitated before saying yes .
Then he started thwacking his truncheon in the palm of his hand and said : " Just wait until I get you back to the station . "
' For two - and - a - half hours I sat in the police van with a group of uglylooking Neo Nazis .
Clearly , the intention was to scare me witless . '
However , thanks to the intervention of an English - speaking protester , who alerted the police to Tatchell 's identity - and the probability that his wrongful arrest would have repercussions internationally - he was taken to hospital , then freed .
' When I came back home , the symptoms in my right eye worsened , ' he recalls .
' My co-ordination , balance and concentration deteriorated .
But I carried on campaigning .
That was my coping mechanism .'
Peter Tatchell took part in anti-war demonstrations in London
He regrets , of course , the debilitating effects of his beatings ; however - he accepts they were the price he paid for standing up against tyranny .
' You have to show you 're not going to be intimidated or deterred , ' he says .
' I 've never had the desire or intention of being harmed , but sometimes that 's the price you pay for challenging injustice . '
Tatchell is a man of singular conviction and unwavering principle .
He has stubbornly refused to be cowed by the multiple - and very real - death threats made repeatedly against him .
Equally , he retains a sense of perspective .
When the Daily Mail 's Jan Moir provoked controversy with her comments on the death of gay singer Stephen Gately , he declared that the reaction was disproportionate .
' I thought it was over - the - top , given that there was not a similar outcry when a succession of gay men were murdered , ' he says .
He subsists on a tiny stipend of around £ 8,000 a year - the income comes from journalism and personal appearances - and lives in the same cramped South - East London council flat that has been his home for 30 years .
When it was targeted by arsonists , he refused to move , although flaming rags were pushed through his letterbox and lavatory window .
His response , instead , was to become more intransigent .
' Friends urged me to leave , but I was determined to stand my ground .
It might seem pig - headed and stupid , but I refused to let anyone force me out . '
His assailants have come in many guises .
Aside from the homophobic onslaught he endured when he stood as an openly gay Labour candidate for the Bermondsey byelection in 1983 , he has also been targeted by Jamaican hitmen .
Police intelligence revealed that he was a prime assassination objective because of his persistent campaign against a group of reggae singers whose lyrics glorify violence and incite the killing of homosexuals .
He thwarted a string of concerts - at significant financial loss to the performers - but he remains incensed that work permits and visas have still been granted to those singers who promulgate hatred and advocate killing .
What drives his activism and the burning desire to avenge injustice ?
His childhood , in a working - class suburb of Melbourne , Australia , was overshadowed by his stepfather Edwin 's brutal beatings of his mother , Mardi .
He says : ' I thought how unjust and unfair it was and I wished my mother would leave him .
But in those days there was such little support for battered wives . '
He came to Britain , aged 19 , to escape conscription to Vietnam , a war he bitterly opposed .
Paradoxically , however , it was not an attacker , but an inanimate object that triggered his latest bout of concussion : while on a Green campaign bus in Devon , he was propelled into a metal hand rail and hit his head when the vehicle swerved to avoid a cat .
Tatchell is , for all his fiery conviction , a gentle and immensely likeable man with a dry sense of humour .
When I ask if the impoverished estate on which he lives is fundamentally a safe place to be , he jokes bleakly that there have been only two murders and one machete attack in his vicinity during his tenure there .
His small , cramped sitting room doubles as his office and is jammed with the paraphernalia of his campaigning - carefully stacked folders , pamphlets and books fill every available space - and his ten - year - old bicycle , his sole means of transport , is propped against one wall .
He does not currently have a partner , work is so all - consuming he says he does not have the time , although if he found the right person he would make the space for him .
' I 'd love a sustained relationship , ' he concedes .
' I 've been in love five times and , although two of my former partners have since died - one in an accident , one of HIV - I remain great friends with the other three .
' I look back on my time with them with immense pleasure and affection , but I 'm sad that I have n't had an enduring relationship . '
It is a wistful lament .
His life seems at once both crammed with passionate commitment and emotional austerity .
Despite his abrasive attitude towards those who do n't share his convictions , in person it is impossible not to warm to him - and to wish him the good health to continue his campaigns .
By : Derek Yu
On : January 28th , 2010
Gamerbytes , a downloadable game blog affiliated with Gamasutra , has an interesting report that reveals sales data for Xbox Live Indie Games titles in 2009 .
The data is heartening , and shows that the service can be lucrative .
Hopefully these reports will drive more developers to XBLIG and start a positive cycle that will increase the quality and visibility of these games .
Also , please check out this thread on the XNA developers forums , where much of the data was gathered .
Guest Post by Willis Eschenbach
Abstract
The record of continental ( as opposed to island ) bird and mammal extinctions in the last five centuries was analyzed to determine if the “ species - area ” relationship actually works to predict extinctions .
Very few continental birds or mammals are recorded as having gone extinct , and none have gone extinct from habitat reduction alone .
No continental forest bird or mammal is recorded as having gone extinct from any cause .
Since the species - area relationship predicts that there should have been a very large number of recorded bird and mammal extinctions from habitat reduction over the last half millennium , I show that the species - area relationship gives erroneous answers to the question of extinction rates .
Figure 1 . The Object of My Quest —
The Corpse of an Extinct Bird
Background
A recent study in Nature [ Thomas 2004 ] stated that 37 % of all species might soon go extinct because of habitat reduction due to global warming .
This same prediction of impending mass extinctions from habitat reduction due to global warming has been made a number of times recently , for example in a book by Professor Michael Benton of Bristol University ( Benton 2003 ) , as well as in studies by Parmesan and Yohe ( Parmesan 2003 ) and Root et al . ( Root 2003 ) .
Habitat reduction has also been cited as being responsible for the continuing extinction of species which is said to have already happened due to the cutting down and fragmentation of tropical forests ( Wilson 1995 , 2001 ) .
For example , a recent study in Conservation Biology ( Harris 2004 ) opens by saying that “ Intense deforestation causes massive species losses . ”
Wilson says that due to habitat reduction we are in the “ sixth great wave of extinctions ” , comparable in size to the five previous great waves of extinctions in geological time .
( Wilson 1992 ) .
Reading these kinds of claims over and over again made me think , “ Well , if there ’s been all of those claimed extinctions of birds and mammals … where are all the corpses ?
What are the names of all the extinct birds and mammals ” ?
This research paper investigates these claims that habitat reduction from temperature change and deforestation has led and will continue to lead to the extinction of a large number of species .
A few clarifications are in order .
This study is not about estimated , predicted , or calculated extinctions .
It is an analysis of the actual historical record of extinctions , with the purpose of understanding the nature and size of extinctions from historical habitat reduction .
By extinction I never mean local extinction .
I have analyzed total extinctions of species ( not subspecies ) .
Local extinction is a separate and valuable study , not covered by this work .
I am not referring to “ almost extinct , ” “ on the brink of extinction , ” or “ reportedly extinct . ”
I am discussing the actual extinction of species as confirmed by the relevant authorities .
Methods
In their seminal work , “ The Theory of Island Biogeography ” , Macarthur and Wilson further explored the “ species - area ” relationship ( Macarthur 1963 ) .
This relationship , first stated mathematically by Arrhenius in 1920 , relates the number of species found to the area surveyed as a power law of the form S = C * a ^ z , where “ S ” is species count , “ C ” is a constant , “ a ” is habitat area , and “ z ” is the power variable ( typically .15 to .3 for forests ) .
In other words , the number of species found in a given area is seen to increase as some power of the area examined .
By surveys both on and off islands , this relationship has been generally verified .
It also passes the reasonability test — for example , we would expect to find more species in a state than we find in any one county in that state .
Does this species - area relationship work in reverse ?
That is to say , if the area of a forest is reduced , does the number of species in the forest decrease as well ?
And in particular , does this predicted reduction in species represent species actually going extinct ?
One of the authors of “ Island Biogeography ” thinks so .
In 1992 , E. O. Wilson wrote that because of the 1 % annual area loss of forest habitat worldwide , using what he called “ maximally optimistic ” species / area calculations , “ The number of species doomed [ to extinction ] each year is 27,000 .
Each day it is 74 , and each hour 3 . ” ( Wilson 1992 ) .
If we have lost 27,000 species per year since 1992 , that ’s over 300,000 species gone extinct .
In addition , Wilson said that this rate of forest loss had been going on since 1980 , so that gives us a claim of over well over half a million species lost forever in 24 years , a very large number .
Wilson also wrote , “ Some groups , like the larger birds and mammals , are more susceptible to extinction than most . ” ( Wilson 1995 ) So , following Wilson ’s lead to see if the extinction claims are true , I have investigated the timing and number of mammal and bird extinctions in modern times ( the last 500 years ) which are due to habitat reduction .
There are many different estimates of species loss , varying by orders of magnitude .
I have seen extinction claims as high as “ one species per minute ” ( over half a million extinctions per year , 10 million species extinct in 20 years ) quoted in a number of places .
However , I wanted facts , not estimates .
There are two main lists used by scientists to keep track of the facts of extinction .
One is the “ Red List ” , maintained by the International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources ( IUCN ) , which lists species which are either extinct or at risk of extinction .
The Red List database can be searched online at redlist.org .
The other is the CREO list , from the Committee on Recently Extinct Organisms at the American Museum of Natural History .
Their database is online at creo.amnh.org .
The CREO has established very clear criteria for declaring a species extinct , not extinct , or unresolved .
The criteria include precise definitions for such things as adequate taxonomy ( including DNA comparisons if available ) , sufficient hypodigm ( actual specimens of the species ) , and adequate surveying of the species ’ habitat to verify extinction .
Starting afresh , they have then uniformly applied these criteria to the historical record of purported extinctions of mammals and fish in the last 500 years .
The conclusions of the CREO list are noted in the Red List , and vice versa .
Although the two lists are very similar , I find the CREO list to be more thoroughly investigated and more uniformly and scientifically based than the Red List , so I have used it for mammal extinctions ( it does not yet cover birds ) .
Timing and Size of the Extinctions
The bulk of the extinctions took place in several waves , as Europeans expanded outwards in successive centuries .
Island after island has seen specialized native species driven extinct by imported species .
These invader driven extinctions peaked in about 1900 , but are still going on .
Figure 2 – Stacked graph of the historical extinction rates for birds ( grey ) and mammals ( black ) .
17 year Gaussian average of the data from Red List ( birds ) and CREO ( mammals ) .
Note the peak rate of 1.6 bird and mammal extinctions per year , and the most recent rate of 0.2 extinctions per year .
Figure 2 shows see the complete record of every known bird and mammal extinction .
In general , the timing reflects the various phases of the expansion of a variety of European species , including humans .
Starting from the Caribbean extinctions in the 1500 ’s , extinctions continue through the age of exploration in the 1700 ’s and the colonial period of the 1800s .
This wave of “ alien species ” extinctions peaked around 1900 at 1.6 extinctions per year .
Extinction rates have dropped since then , with the most recent value being 0.2 extinctions per year .
Wilson ’s claim that 27,000 extinctions per year have been occurring since at least 1980 means that there should be 26 bird extinctions and 13 mammal extinctions per year , a total of 39 bird and mammal extinctions per year .
The historical extinction rate , however , has never been greater than 1.8 per year , far below the 39 extinctions per year claimed .
In addition , the most recent rate is lower than it has been since about 1830 .
Looking at the entire bird and mammal extinction record , there is no sign of the hundreds of extinctions that Wilson says have already occurred .
I was not interested , however , in all of the mammal and bird extinctions .
In particular , I was not interested in mammals and birds that had gone extinct on islands from the introduction of alien species .
I was looking for Wilson ’s predicted extinctions , those due to habitat reduction .
So I divided all of the extinctions into two groups .
The first group is the extinction of those species living on isolated islands or on Australia , where species were ( and still are ) easily driven to extinction by the depredations of imported dogs , foxes , mongoose , rats , human hunters , goats , pigs , snails , cats , sparrows , frogs , starlings , and various plants , as well as the usual assortment of imported human , animal , and plant diseases .
I will call this group of extinctions “ island ” extinctions .
Please do n’t write to tell me Australia is not an island .
It is grouped with the islands because of the nature of the extinctions there , which were caused by imported alien species .
The second group is the extinction of the continental species , the mass of the world ’s species , those species that live on the continents ( Asia , Europe , Africa , North America , South America , and Antarctica . )
I will call this group “ continental ” extinctions .
It is not widely appreciated how much island extinctions have dominated the total record of extinctions .
Here are the extinct mammal species , showing island extinctions and continental extinctions :
Count of Extinct Mammal Species
Island vs. Continental Country Total
Extinct Island Mammal Species Various 58
Extinct Continental Mammal Species Mexico 1
Extinct Continental Mammal Species Algeria 1
Extinct Continental Mammal Species South Africa 1
Extinct Continental Mammal Species Subtotal 3
Grand Total Extinct Mammal Species 61
Data – http://creo.amnh.org
Of the 4,428 known mammal species ( Red List 2004 ) living in Asia , Europe , Africa , North America , South America , and Antarctica , only three mammals have gone extinct in the last 500 years .
These were the Bluebuck antelope , South Africa ; the Algerian gazelle , Algeria ; and the Omilteme cottontail rabbit , Mexico .
Turning next to birds , when we are studying the extinction of species , birds have a very useful trait — they are extremely visible .
Nearly all of them fly up where we can see them ; they make distinct and identifiable noises ; many are brightly colored ; none are too small to see ; many roost in trees so they can be seen from afar with binoculars ; in all , they are perhaps the most visible of all classes of life .
Because of this , they are well - known to humans everywhere — all 129 extinct birds have a common name , for example , which is not the case with other classes of animals .
Based on where the birds breed , here ’s how the data from the Red List divides out between continental and island bird extinctions :
Count of Extinct Bird Species
Island vs. Continental Country Total
Extinct Island Bird Species Various 123
Extinct Continental Bird Species Mexico 1
Extinct Continental Bird Species Guatemala 1
Extinct Continental Bird Species Colombia 1
Extinct Continental Bird Species US 2
Extinct Continental Bird Species Canada , US 1
Extinct Continental Bird Species Total 6
Grand Total Extinct Bird Species 129
Data – http://www.redlist.org
We see the same pattern with birds as with mammals .
Of the 128 extinct bird species , 122 of them were island extinctions .
Of the 8,971 known continental bird species ( Red List 2004 ) , 6 have gone extinct .
Looking at the reasons for the continental bird and mammal extinctions , in chronological order we have :
Bluebuck , Hippotragus leucophaeus , 1800 – Red List says ” … hunted by European settlers throughout the 1700s .
The last of the species was killed around 1800 . ”
Labrador Duck , Camptorhynchus labradorius , 1878 – “ Shooting and trapping on the winter quarters were certainly proximate factors in the species ’ extinction .
Overharvest of birds and eggs on the breeding grounds could also have been a factor . ” ( Red List )
Algerian gazelle , Gazela Rufina , 1894 – Reason for extinction unknown , this species known only from an adult male skull and a flat skin .
( CREO )
Carolina Parakeet , Conuropsis carolinensis , 1904 – Hunted for food and for the millinery trade , killed for crop protection and because it competed with bees .
Also said to be affected by deforestation .
( Red List )
Slender - billed Grackle , Quiscalus palustris , 1910 – “ It had a small distribution in the Lerma marshlands , in the state of México , Mexico … last recorded in 1910 , and presumably became extinct soon after as a result of the draining of its tule - cattail and sedge habitat . ” ( Red List )
Passenger Pigeon , Ectopistes migratorius , 1914 – “… Newcastle disease , extensive hunting , and the breakdown of social facilitation ” , plus a reduction in food supply ( Red List ) .
Colombian Grebe , Podiceps andinus , 1950s – ” … wetland drainage , siltation , pesticide pollution , disruption by reed harvesting , hunting and predation by introduced rainbow trout Salmo gairdneri . ” ( Red List )
Atitlán Grebe , Podilymbus gigas , 1986 ( found only on Lake Atitlan , Guatemala ) – “ Its population dropped from c. 200 to 80 as a result of competition and predation by large - mouth bass Micropterus salmoides , introduced into the lake in 1960 , but recovered to a high of 232 in 1975 when the numbers of bass plummeted .
However , increasing pressure on breeding sites from local reed - cutting and from tourism development , along with the murder of the government game warden for the national park during the political unrest of 1982 and falling lake levels following the earthquake of 1976 , drove the population down to 30 by 1983 , and extinction by 1986 .
Drowning in gill nets and disturbance by increasing boat traffic have also been suggested as contributory factors . ” ( Red List )
( Interestingly , this bird has since been replaced on Lake Atitlan by a similar grebe of the same genus , P. podiceps .
In fact , there is significant disagreement among biologists about whether Podilymbus gigas is just a subspecies of P. podiceps , but I have included it to be on the safe side . )
Omilteme cottontail rabbit , Sylvilagus insonus , 1991 – Reason for extinction unknown , species known only from 3 specimens collected in 1991 .
( CREO )
What can we conclude from this record of extinctions ?
1 ) When European species met isolated local species , a number of the local species died .
The Australian and island species were extremely vulnerable to pressure from imported humans , mammals , birds , plants , and diseases .
95 % of all recorded bird and mammal extinctions are island or Australian species .
2 ) When the European species arrived , Australia and most islands had been separated from the continents for forty million years or so .
The initial introduction of European species into island habitats was a one - time event .
While alien species will always a problem for islands , this massive onslaught of the first coming of the European species will never be repeated — there are no places left with forty million years of isolation .
3 ) Total habitat destruction drove one bird to extinction .
4 ) While habitat reduction has been claimed as contributing ( in an unknown degree ) to three continental bird extinctions , to date no continental mammal or bird has been seen to go extinct due to habitat reduction alone .
Three continental mammals have gone extinct — one antelope hunted to extinction , and a rare rabbit and a rarer antelope gone from unknown causes .
Six continental birds have gone extinct — 3 prolific terrestrial bird species hunted to extinction , and 3 single - habitat freshwater bird species hunted , drained dry , eaten by fish , and polluted to extinction .
This historical record of 9 continental extinctions in 500 years contrasts starkly with Wilson ’s predictions of over thirty continental bird and mammal extinctions per year , each and every year .
Even if his numbers were off by an order of magnitude , we should be seeing more than 3 continental extinctions per year from habitat reduction since at least 1900 , which totals around 300 continental extinctions .
We simply have not seen those extinctions , in fact there ’s only 9 continental extinctions in the 500 year record .
Finally , let us examine Wilson ’s claim that due to forest habitat reduction , “ The number of species doomed each year is 27,000 . ” ( Wilson 1992 )
Bird species make up about .1 % of all species , and mammal species are about .05 % of all species ( IUCN 2000 ) .
Using Wilson ’s figure of 10 million total species , he is claiming about 16 continental bird extinctions ( 27,000 species doomed times 8,433 continental bird species per 10,000,000 species ) and 11 continental mammal extinctions ( 27,000 species doomed times 3,921 continental mammal species per 10,000,000 species ) per year , for a total of 34 predicted continental bird and mammal extinctions per year .
( I have used Wilson ’s figure of 10 million species on earth , although modern estimates vary .
Using Wilson ’s figure allows the total number of species to cancel out in the calculation . )
In 1988 , Wilson said that a 40 % reduction in forest habitats had already occurred ( Wilson 1988 ) .
Using Wilson ’s “ maximally optimistic ” z value of .15 and his 1 % annual forest loss , with 40 % habitat reduction in 1988 , the total species loss to up to 1998 should be 1,088 continental bird and mammal extinctions .
Over a thousand continental bird and mammal extinctions predicted , and not one of them shows up in the record .
Wilson ’s Explanations of the Discrepancy
Professor Wilson has offered two explanations for the discrepancy between his predictions of massive extinctions and the lack of corresponding extinctions in the historical record .
His explanations are :
1 ) That it is not known whether species have gone extinct recently , as species cannot be declared extinct for 50 years .
2 ) That the species do not go extinct immediately , but can take up to 100 years to die out .
Regarding the first explanation , Wilson has written : “ To declare a species officially extinct , not only does a species have to be known to science and absent from captive populations , but the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) demands that the ‘ species ( is ) not definitely located in the wild during the last 50 years ’ ( Collar et al. 1992 , p. 1025 ) .
This is an extremely conservative criterion , particularly when indirect evidence strongly indicates that extinction rates are accelerating . ” ( Wilson 2001 )
However , this 50 year criterion is not used by the IUCN , nor by CREO .
For example , as quoted above , the IUCN Red List 2000 showed the last Atitlan Grebe dying in 1986 .
The data source for the listing is “ BirdLife International .
2000 .
Threatened Birds of the World. Lynx Editions ” .
This means that the species was declared extinct by the IUCN only 14 years after the last Atitlan Grebe died .
And the CREO lists the most recent mammal extinction as occurring in 1991 , only a nine - year lag .
If Wilson ’s criteria were used , there could be no extinctions in the IUCN Red List 2000 where the species was last recorded later than 1950 .
But in fact , there are 10 birds and 5 mammals in the Red List 2000 that were last recorded after 1950 .
Thus Wilson ’s first explanation is not correct .
Professor Wilson ’s other explanation for the lack of predicted extinctions is that they do not happen at once .
He says that the “ species in a reduced habitat may take from 25 to 100 years to go extinct ” , and that research has shown that the rate of these delayed extinctions drops off exponentially with time ( Wilson 2001 ) .
While this seems plausible , even if it were true it would n’t keep us from seeing the predicted extinctions .
We can see why by applying the exponential die - off to the 1,088 bird and mammal extinctions said to have occurred by 1998 .
Let ’s assume all 1,088 of them fatally lost habitat at some point since 1948 , but they wo n’t die out for 100 years .
1,088 species lost in 50 years ( 1948 -1998 ) , that works out to 21.76 per year , about 22 species “ doomed to extinction ” each year since 1948 .
With exponential decay , to still have one species of 100 left alive after 100 years , the exponent needs to be 1 – ( 1/100 ) ^( 1/100 ) , or .045 .
This means that 4.5 % of the remaining doomed species should go extinct each year .
But if we had doomed 22 bird and mammal species to extinction every year since 1948 , and only 4.5 % of the doomed species went extinct each year , then by 1960 , of the 261 predicted eventual bird and mammal extinctions , we should have seen 65 extinctions .
By 1980 , of 696 predicted eventual extinctions , we should have seen 340 .
And by the year 1998 , of the 1,088 extinctions predicted by species - area calculations , we should have seen 672 actual extinctions of continental birds and mammals .
We have seen none .
Even if Wilson ’s predictions were off by an order of magnitude , we still should have seen 67 extinctions from habitat reduction since 1948 .
We have seen none .
Pimm et. al. ( Pimm 1995 ) argues that extinctions in eastern North America support the species - area relationship .
His findings are marred by several inconvenient facts .
First , according to the Red List , two of the four extinct species he cites ( Ivory Billed Woodpecker and Bachman ’s Warbler ) are not listed as extinct .
Second , the other two species ( Passenger Pigeon and the Carolina Parakeet ) were not just eastern forest dwellers , but ranged widely over both forest and fields .
Birdlife International says of the Carolina Parakeet “ Birds were wide - ranging but their typical habitat was cypress and sycamore trees along rivers and swamps . ”
It describes the Passenger Pigeon ’s habitat as ” Ectopistes migratorius was found in forest in eastern and central Canada and the USA , occasionally wandering south to Mexico and Cuba . ”
Third , and most important , both the Carolina Parakeet and the Passenger Pigeon were extensively hunted .
The Passenger Pigeon in particular was subjected to what was possibly the most concentrated hunting of any known bird .
The Carolina Parakeet , the only North American parakeet , was hunted for its valuable bright feathers .
No bird species could survive that type of intense hunting .
Claiming that these extinctions were caused by habitat loss ignores the main cause , hunting .
The Atlantic Coastal Forest records also contradict Pimm ’s claims .
The cutting of the Atlantic Coastal Forest in Brazil has been going on for decades , with over half of the forest cut down by 1960 ( Mendonça , 1994 ) , and only 10 % of the forest currently remaining ( Harris , 2004 ) .
There are 179 endemic bird species in the forest , according to Pimm and Harris ( Harris , 2004 ) .
From this 90 % deforestation , the species - area relationship predicts 52 bird species doomed to extinction .
Including the 100 - year exponential decay , we should have already seen some 25 birds go extinct in the Atlantic Coastal Forest , with 27 more to come .
In fact , no birds from the Atlantic Coastal Forest are recorded as having gone extinct , and only one bird ( Alagoas Curassow ) from the Atlantic Coastal Forest is extinct in the wild .
( The fate of the Alagoas Curassow is not surprising , and once again is not related to habitat but to hunting .
Because it is a very large bird , almost a metre tall , and has always been heavily hunted for food , Birdlife International says , “ The extinction of this species was forecast almost as long ago as its discovery ” .
And that ’s been a while , as Linnaeus first scientifically described it in 1740 . )
Harris and Pimm ( Harris , 2004 ) further argue that the species - area relationship predictions for the Atlantic Coastal Forest are validated by the fact that a number of birds of the forest are threatened with extinction , but this is a circular argument – many of these birds are listed as threatened with extinction solely because of reduced habitat .
While scientists might have missed a few of the predicted extinctions , the odds of them missing every one of these hundreds of claimed extinctions are nonexistent .
These are birds and mammals , the most studied and best - known classes of animals on earth .
Yet after all of the habitat reduction in all continents in 500 years , we have only seen 9 continental mammal or bird extinctions .
There is no sign of the hundreds of bird and mammal extinctions predicted by the species - area relationship .
Red List Birds
Wilson says his estimates are supported by “ The velocity of passage of species through the categories in the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) Red List of Threatened Species , from less endangered to extinct . ” ( Wilson 2001 )
This claim creates an image of thirty birds or so moving a step towards extinction each year .
But this is not the case for two reasons — the change in the count of birds at risk is far too small for this to be true , and the number of birds in the highest risk category ( Critically Endangered ) has actually decreased .
Figure 3 shows the velocity of passage of all bird species through the Red List from 2000 to 2004 .
There is no significant change in the numbers of birds in any category .
Figure 3 . Red List Birds By Category , 2000 - 2004 .
None of the categories have changed significantly since the first records in 2000 .
Vulnerable and Endangered birds have increased slightly , although part of this may be because habitat reduction is incorrectly considered as a major threat .
Extinctions are unchanged at 129 .
Extinct in the Wild increased by 1 .
The number of Critically Endangered birds has decreased by 3 since 2000 , one bird moving towards extinction and two birds moving away from extinction .
Forest Bird and Mammal Extinctions
Finally , here is what I consider the most surprising fact to emerge from my research .
In all the continents , we have never seen a single forest bird or mammal go extinct from any cause whatsoever .
None of the nine extinct continental birds and animals was a forest dweller .
This unexpected lack of continental forest bird and mammal extinctions can easily be verified by searching the online Red List .
Go to http://www.redlist.org/search/search-expert.php?kingname=ANIMALIA&phyname=CHORDATA&claname=AVES.
Select “ Forest ” as the habitat , “ Extinct ” as the category , and all areas of the world except Oceania and the Caribbean as the location .
The search will reveal only three Hawaiian island forest birds .
The same search can be done for mammals ( replace AVES in the URL with MAMMALIA ) , and reveals the same pattern – the only extinctions listed are five island forest bats .
In all of the continental forests of the world , here has never been a single recorded bird or mammal extinction .
This lack of even one continental forest bird or mammal extinction , in a record encompassing 500 years of massive cutting , burning , harvesting , inundating , clearing , and general widespread destruction and fragmentation of forests on all of the continents of the world , provides a final and clear proof that the species - area relationship simply does not work to predict extinctions .
Summary of Methods
Reliance on the species - area relationship ’s predictions of extinctions is an accepted tenet of the biological and ecological sciences .
I , on the other hand , say it does n’t work .
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence .
I have therefore presented four separate lines of evidence establishing the failure of the species - area relationship to predict extinctions :
1 ) Current Overall Extinction Rates —
The most recent total bird and mammal extinction rate in all parts of the world , both islands and continents , is about 0.2 extinctions per year ( see Fig. 1 ) .
This is down from a peak of about 1.6 extinctions per year a century ago .
There is no sign of the nearly 40 bird and mammal extinctions per year predicted by the species - area relationship .
Nor is there a rise in the rates — in fact , they have generally fallen for the last hundred years , while habitat destruction has increased during that time .
Wilson , using the species - area relationship , claims the extinction rates are 200 times higher than what the data actually shows .
( In reality , his claim that extinction rates are 200 times higher than what the data shows is the extraordinary claim requiring extraordinary proof . )
2 ) Total Continental Extinctions —
None of the nine recorded continental bird and mammal extinctions were from habitat reduction .
But no matter the reason for their extinction , the total number of extinctions is way too small .
Nine continental bird and mammal extinctions in 500 years is a very , very long way from the thousand plus continental bird and mammal extinctions predicted on the basis of the species - area relationship .
3 ) Birds on the Red List —
There has been no significant change in the numbers of birds in the highest risk categories of the Red List in the four years since its creation .
4 ) Forest Extinctions —
There are no recorded continental forest bird or mammal extinctions from any cause .
The species - area relationship says we should have seen hundreds and hundreds of forest bird and mammal extinctions from worldwide forest habitat reductions .
We have seen no forest extinctions from any cause .
Each of these independent lines of evidence shows that the species - area relationship does not work , that the relationship predicts a large number of extinctions from habitat reduction while the data shows no extinctions from that cause .
I have also examined Wilson ’s two explanations for this discrepancy , and I have shown that neither of them explains the lack of extinctions .
All of the conclusions drawn by these lines of evidence are very robust ; in fact , they are all immune to a variation of an order of magnitude in the assumptions .
That is to say , even if the predicted extinctions were only a tenth of what the species - area relationship actually predicts , the conclusion still stands in each case , that the species - area relationship gives incorrect predictions .
And in particular , the total absence of continental forest extinctions in the 500 - year record provides a final and absolute proof that the species - area relationship does not work to predict extinctions .
Conclusions
I am concerned that this study will be mis-used to justify cutting any forest any time .
Let me make clear what this study does not say .
None of this implies that habitat destruction , forest fragmentation , or loss of species diversity are incidental or unimportant issues .
The contrary is true .
Diversity is vital to ecosystems ; the more types of life in an ecosystem , the better the ecosystem works .
Local extinctions can have large negative effects on the local area .
Clear - cutting forests for agriculture can change the local climate .
Cutting forests recklessly can drive fish species extinct through siltation .
Nothing in this study detracts from the need to provide reserves and parks and wildlife areas .
In short , allowing for other species in our plans is essential .
None of this implies that extinctions will either rise or fall in the future .
This is an analysis of the historical record to date .
And finally , none of this implies that habitat destruction has no effect on the risk of extinction .
It clearly can and does have an effect ; but the effect of habitat reduction appears to be too small to cause extinction by itself .
In addition , habitat reduction appears to be mathematically unrelated to the extinction rate , and in particular the relationship is not represented by the species - area equation .
Extinction records do show that on all the continents of the world , there are no recorded cases of a forest bird or mammal that has gone extinct from any cause .
This is despite the fact that humans have been reducing and fragmenting all natural habitats , including first the continental temperate forests and lately the continental tropical forests , for the 500 years covered by our extinction record .
Five hundred years ago , reduced ( fragmented ) forest habitats were the exception .
Fragmented forests are now the rule , about half the original forest worldwide is gone , and some places like the Brazilian Atlantic Coastal Forest and some “ biodiversity hot spots ” have lost 75 % to 90 % of their forests .
If the species - area relationship were correct in predicting extinctions , over these 500 years of forest ( and other habitat ) reduction , surely we would have seen at least a few dozen of the hundreds of predicted bird and mammal extinctions from this putative cause .
But to date , no continental forest bird or mammal has ever gone extinct from any cause .
Given these four separate lines of evidence , I can only conclude that while the species - area relationship works well as a predictive tool for determining the number of species to be found by a survey , it fails completely when used to predict extinctions of continental bird and mammal species consequent to habitat reduction .
Possible Explanations
I do n’t know why the species - area relationship does n’t work to predict extinctions .
I would have guessed it would work — it seems so reasonable .
I do have some thoughts , however :
1 . One possibility is that it does work , but that the “ z ” factor for extinctions is much , much smaller than the z factor for counting species in an area .
After all , speciation and extinction are radically different processes — why should they have the same z factor ?
However , the lack of even one recorded continental forest extinction argues strongly against this explanation , because with half the world forest gone with no extinctions , the “ z ” factor would have to be so small as to be meaningless .
Another possibility is that the exponential die - off could be very slow .
Brooks et. al. , for example , say it is on the order of 330 years to reach 1 % ( which is a 50 year half - life ) ( Brooks 1995 ) .
But if the die - off were over 1,000 years , rather than the shorter times stated by Wilson or Brooks , we still should have already seen 118 bird and mammal extinctions from the predicted 1088 “ doomed ” continental bird and mammal species .
Even if the decay were 5,000 years , we still would have seen 25 extinctions from habitat reduction .
In fact , we have seen none — so long die - off times cannot be the reason why the species - area relationship does not work .
2 . The total lack of any data to corroborate the use of the species - area relationship to predict extinctions makes it very difficult to explain why the species - area relationship does not work .
If it worked but gave answers that were usually too high or too low compared to the data , it would be possible to test various scenarios .
However , with no recorded extinctions from habitat reduction , this is not possible .
3 . In the 500 - year period covered by the record of extinctions , forest habitat reduction has not completely destroyed any known continental bird or mammal species ’ total possible habitat .
If it had done so , we would most likely have seen the resulting extinction in the record — extinction from total habitat destruction is a possibility for any species , as happened to the Slender - billed Grackle .
4 . However , given the amount of forests destroyed worldwide , the odds are very good that we have completely destroyed a number of known species original habitats .
5 . This means that , although a species ’ original habitat may be totally destroyed , under extreme external pressure it may successfully move to another habitat .
6. Forests are not cleared instantaneously .
They are cleared over a period of years or decades , with nearby stands falling first and then more distant stands at a later date .
This gives species time to move .
7. Species are incredibly adaptive and tenacious .
Under pressure , many species are able to adapt to the changed circumstances by changing their preferred food , nesting sites , or other behaviors .
8. Evolution is alive and well , and can operate in human time ( centuries rather than millennia ) ( Badyaev 2002 , Pergams 2003 ) .
This implies that species may actually be evolving , as well as migrating , adapting , and changing , to keep from going extinct .
9 . The one common thread of almost all recorded bird and mammal extinctions , both island and continental , is that one species actively goes out and hunts another species to extinction .
Foxes , cats , mongoose , humans , rats , Newcastle disease , brown tree snakes , all of these species and more have actively driven other species to extinction .
Absent hunting , very few species have ever gone extinct .
In short , this all suggests that the answer to the question of why the species - area relationship does n’t work for birds and mammals is that they inconveniently refuse to die unless they are hunted down and killed one by one until the last one is gone .
The species - area relationship does n’t work because life , once created , struggles endlessly to survive .
Life breaks rules to survive , cuts bonds , crosses gaps , jumps barriers , changes habitats , life does anything to survive .
The species - area relationship does n’t work to predict extinctions because if you cut down half a forest , every single one of the resident bird and mammal species moves into the other half of the forest .
They do n’t know that they ’re supposed to go extinct , no one told them , and so they do whatever they need to do to survive .
And as the evidence shows , in fact they do make the move and they do survive — remember , despite massive forest habitat reduction , no continental forest bird or mammal has been recorded as going extinct in 500 years .
No matter how the forest was cut , chopped , burned , and mangled , every one of the forest birds and mammals has somehow managed to survive — and that ’s why the species - area relationship does n’t work .
New or Modified Theories Relating Habitat Area and Extinction
10 .
At present , no theory attempting to mathematically relate habitat reduction to bird and mammal extinction can be tested because of the record – no continental bird or mammal has ever been recorded as going extinct from habitat reduction alone , and no continental forest bird or mammal has ever been recorded as going extinct from any cause .
11 . Any new theory attempting to relate extinctions and habitat area must first correctly predict the past .
It must first predict 500 years without a single continental forest bird or mammal extinction , during five centuries of massive historical forest habitat reductions on all continents , before looking to predict the course of future extinctions .
12 . Although habitat reduction clearly can pose a threat to any species , the nature and size of that threat is not mathematically related to the amount of habitat reduction involved .
Otherwise , we would have seen forest bird and mammal extinctions .
Final Implications
13 . Based on the 500 - year historical record , there is only a weak relationship between habitat reduction and bird or mammal extinctions .
Unlike real extinction threats like predation by humans or other species , habitat reduction has played only a minor part in extinction .
14 . Accordingly , habitat reduction should be downgraded severely in the Red List of threats of extinction .
At present , it is in first place on the List , giving a false impression of importance .
15 .
The use of habitat reduction as a large factor in determining the danger of extinction is a circular argument , creating “ evidence ” that seems to support the species - area relationship ( more Red List species considered to be in danger of extinction because of habitat reduction ) .
However , that “ evidence ” derives from assuming the species - area relationship works , and thus ca n’t be used as “ proof ” that the relationship works .
In other words , if the criteria for inclusion on the Red List include the species - area relationship idea of habitat reduction as a major extinction threat , the number of birds on the Red List cannot be used to determine whether the species - area relationship works .
Only actual extinctions can do that — and looking at actual extinctions there is no evidence that the species - area relationship works at all to predict extinctions .
16 . The listing of “ habitat reduction ” as a factor in extinctions is also suspect because habitat reduction is so common .
At present , the majority of all bird and mammal species have a reduced habitat compared with 500 years ago , so “ habitat reduction ” could be cited for nearly any extinction .
Generally , it seems to be a secondary factor , one that only comes into play when combined with a major factor such as hunting or poisoning .
17 .
The 500 - year record includes the so - called “ Little Ice Age ” of the 1600 and 1700 ’s , when global temperatures were much lower than today .
Claims that small climate changes can cause widespread extinction are thus discredited in two ways : one is that they rely on the species - area relationship ; and the other is that the historical record shows no sign of these extinctions from small climate changes .
18 . One or two or even a dozen missed bird or mammal extinctions would not change these conclusions at all , as the predicted extinctions are far too numerous to be challenged by such a small number .
19 .
Removing the idea of habitat reduction as a major extinction threat will allow us to focus on the real main modern extinction threat , that of invasive , predatory alien species , in particular humans .
For example , it is not the cutting of the African forests that is the main danger to the species living in the forests — it is the bushmeat trade , and the poaching for furs and body parts , which are putting species at risk .
Hunting , both by humans and by invasive species , may well yet drive a number of species to extinction .
This is the real extinction threat of the 21st century , the threat that we should be working to counter .
Finally , please do n’t bother disputing this or that individual record of extinction .
Yes , I realize that the Ivory Billed Woodpecker is likely extinct , despite what the official lists say .
And I originally wrote this in 2005 , so maybe another bird or mammal has gone extinct since then .
But changing the status of one or a few birds or mammals makes no difference to my thesis .
We are looking for dozens and dozens of missing corpses , not one or a few .
Literature Cited
Badyaev , A. V. , Hill , G. E. , 2002 , Avian quick - change artists : exemplars of rapid adaptation , house finches show that mothers know best .
Natural History , June , 2002 , http://www.findarticles.com/cf_dls/m1134/5_111/86684504/p1/article.jhtml?term=
Benton , M , Thames & Hudson , When Life Nearly Died , May 2003 ISBN : 050005116X
Brooks , T. M. , Pimm , S. L. , Oyugi , J. O. , 1995 , Time Lag between Deforestation and Bird Extinction in Tropical Forest Fragments , Conservation Biology , Pages 1140 – 1150 , Volume 13 , No. 5 , October 1999
CREO , 2000 , Continental mammal extinctions from the Red List that were disqualified by CREO , with the reason for disqualification :
Extant under valid species name , Cervus schomburgki , Schomburgk ’s deer
Extant under valid species name , Gazella bilkis , Queen of Sheba ’s gazelle
Extant under valid species name , Gazella arabica , Arabian gazelle
Extant under valid species name , Equidae , Equus quagga , Quagga
Harris , G. M. , Pimm , S. L. , 2004 , Bird Species ’ Tolerance of Secondary Forest Habitats and Its Effects on Extinction , Conservation Biology Volume 18 Issue 6 Page 1607 – December
IUCN , 2000 , All data regarding total numbers of bird and mammal species are from the IUCN , available as a PDF file at http://www.wri.org/wr-00-01/pdf/bi2n_2000.pdf.
IUCN extinction data are from the IUCN Red List 2000 , at http://www.redlist.org.
Selected data from the 2002 Red List are available at http://www.birdlife.net/datazone/downloads/index.html.
MacArthur , R. H. , Wilson , E. O. , 1963 , The Theory of Island Biogeography , ISBN : 0-691-08836-5
Mendonça , J. R. , de Carvalho , A. M. Mattos Silva , L. A. and Thomas , W. W. 1994 .
45 Anos de Desmatamento no Sul da Bahia , Remanescentes da Mata Atlântica – 1945 , 1960 , 1974 , 1990 .
Projeto Mata Atlântica Nordeste , CEPEC , Ilhéus , Bahia , Brazil .
Parmesan , C. and Yohe , G. 2003 .
A globally coherent fingerprint of climate change impacts across natural systems .
Nature 421 : 37-42
Pergams , O. R. W. , Barnes , W. M. , and Nyberg , D. , 2003 , Rapid change of mouse mitochondrial DNA .
Nature 423:397 , http://home.comcast.net/~oliver.pergams/Nature.pdf
Pimm , S. L. , Askins , R.A. , 2005 , Forest losses predict bird extinctions in Eastern North America , Proc. Natl .
Acad. Sci. , Vol. 92 , PP 9343-9347 , September 1995
Root , T.L. , Price , J.T. , Hall , K.R. , Schneider , S.H. , Rosenzweig , C. and Pounds , J.A. , 2003 , Fingerprints of global warming on wild animals and plants .
Nature 421 : 57-60 ]
Wilson , E. O. , 1988 , Biodiversity , National Academy of Sciences
Wilson , E. O. , 1992 , The Diversity of Life Harvard University Press , Cambridge , MA .
Wilson , E. O. , 1995 Only Humans Can Halt the Worst Wave of Extinction Since the Dinosaurs Died http://raysweb.net/specialplaces/pages/wilson.html
Wilson , E. O. , 2001 , Vanishing Point – On Bjorn Lomborg and Extinction , Grist , 12 Dec http://www.gristmagazine.com/grist/books/wilson121201.asp
Wilson , E. O. , Perlman , D. L. , 2000 , Conserving Earth ’s Biodiversity , Island Press , 2000
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The al - Kurd family property and tent ( Photo : Andrew Kadi )
On this beautiful and sunny day , a group of us were going on a tour of various areas , including East Jerusalem , with an acquaintance as our tour guide .
As the tour wound down , I realized we were entering Sheikh Jarrah .
Noting what I ’d seen the day before and the demonstration 3 days before , I thought to myself " Wow Sheikh Jarrah finally seems calm . "
The group I was with stopped to talk to the Palestinians in a makeshift tent sitting on the al - Kurd family ’s property .
Within the same property is Nabeel al - Kurd ’s actual house , recently taken over by Israeli settlers using a court order .
The juxtaposition of the al - Kurd family ’s tent next to their own house stolen from them really affected me .
The security guard hired to protect the house for the settlers was , ironically enough , a Palestinian hired by an Israeli security firm .
When my English colleague realized this , she began calling him a dog ( and many other things ) in Arabic ( speaking loud enough for him to hear ) .
I began to uneasily suggest to her that this maybe was n’t so helpful , but then one of the Palestinian women spoke up .
" He is here because he also has to feed his family , " she said with a tone of understanding that left me in disbelief .
She seemed sure he did n’t want to do this .
One or two others echoed her sentiments .
There were a million things I wanted to say to him as well , but if these Palestinians could hold their tongues , who were we to berate him ?
As I sat down with them , the families offered me Arabic coffee ( ca n’t turn that down ! ) and I sat , listening to their stories .
I had thought to tell them this was all written up already and that our tour required that I leave soon , but I knew it was important for them to feel heard , so to the dismay of our tour guide , I took my pen and paper and wrote and wrote and wrote .
I wo n’t include that here because those stories are readily available here and here , among other places .
As we began wrapping things up and I thanked them , I heard a commotion outside of the tent .
I stepped out to find that the Israeli settlers had come to enter the al - Kurd home .
I was dismayed by the ease with which they walked past the family ’s make - shift home ( a tent ) and directly into the house that Nabeel al - Kurd built himself for his family .
They seemed completely unaffected by the situation , with baby stroller in tow , and one male settler even exchanging words with the Palestinians and staring into their tent ( again , unaffected ) .
Settlers Enter the al - Kurd House ( Photo : Andrew Kadi )
A settler stares back at the tent the al - Kurd family is now forced to live in .
( Photo : Andrew Kadi )
As I walked back out toward the gate entering the al - Kurd property , I watched as a shouting match between Palestinians and the same male settler ensued ( he had parked his car immediately in front of the gate and was preparing to step into it ) .
I listened as he shouted in Arabic ( he must ’ve been Mizrahi ) , " Shut up you faggot . "
Turning to look I realized the comment was aimed at a Palestinian boy who did n’t look older than 9 or 10 .
Somewhat shocked , I responded in Arabic to the settler " Are n’t you ashamed ?
How can you speak like that , he ’s a little boy . "
His response ( again , in Arabic ) was " Did n’t you hear what he said to me ? ! "
I switched to English at this point ( not sure why ) and looking him directly in the face asked " You ’re an adult , he ’s a child .
You do n’t see the difference ? "
To my surprise he began shouting " WHERE ARE YOU FROM ? " to me .
" FROM WHERE ? " he repeated and continued " WHY ARE YOU IN MY COUNTRY ? "
For some reason my English had struck a nerve .
I responded by asking " Your country ? "
" YES , MY COUNTRY ! " he barked .
Once again , surprised by the audacity , I asked " This is your country ? "
" YES !
What are you doing in MY country ? " he continued shouting .
My general policy while observing everything that was happening was not to at any time behave in a provocative fashion , as I knew most likely any of these Israelis ’ anger would be taken out on the Palestinians , but I was n’t able to hold my tongue .
" This would not be your country without my tax dollars , " I said and then continued telling he and his friend not to worry , as we are working very hard to ensure they stop benefiting from our tax dollars .
I backed off as the verbal battle raged on between this audacious settler and the Palestinians around him .
Moments later , he got into his car .
I thought he was going to drive off .
I was wrong …
He backed his car up a bit , and then drove directly into the crowd I was standing in along with many others , slamming on the brakes just short of hitting us , and then stepping back out of the car to laugh at us and argue again .
Apparently he found it humorous that the 60 + year old women , small children , and others had been scared by his driving directly at them .
After a bit more shouting and arguing , he got back into his car and began to leave .
As he and another began to drive off , a boy around 11 or 12 somehow scratched their car .
Again , the same man , now the driver , jumped back out and ran aggressively toward the area the child had run away to .
To be honest , I found myself judging yet another Palestinian child , thinking to myself " Why did he do that ?
He knows how dirty this guy is … "
But a quick glance at what was likely his family ’s or neighbor ’s family ’s home now taken over by these Israeli settlers answered my question .
My English colleague stood and remained between the settler and the group of children with their mothers , which included the child responsible for scratching the car .
I was not close enough to hear their exchange .
As we walked away and he calmed down , he got on the phone to call police .
As we began to leave with our tour guide , my colleague whispered to me what he had said to her .
" WHAT ?!!!!? "
I responded .
" Yeah , he said ‘ You wanna f**k ?
I have condoms in the car . ’ , " she repeated to me .
The settler was blocked as he started back towards the children .
( Photo : Andrew Kadi )
As we began to drive off , our tour guide had another exchange with the same guy and he proceeded to spit into the car onto our guide .
Our guide jumped out , furiously asking " WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT ?!
WHY SPIT IN MY FACE ?? "
At this point I jumped out and helped pull our tour guide away .
After the tour , an exchange with my English colleague reminded me of some of the exchanges I ’ve had with proud Palestinians .
" Are you ok ? " I asked her .
" I imagine it ’s not pleasant to have someone say something like that to you … "
" I ’m fine , " she responded .
I did n’t believe her …
" I ca n’t imagine you ’re not bothered by what he said .
It was a really demeaning comment , " I persisted .
At that point I saw her demeanor change a bit as she let go and admitted she was bothered and offended , all the while disgusted .
We talked about it for a moment and then put another unbelievable experience behind us as we headed to a restaurant .
I was cognizant of the fact that while we could leave Sheikh Jarrah and its problems behind us , this was their daily life .
I thought back to the comment about the treacherous security guard by one of the older women , " … he also has to feed his family … " and sat blown away thinking of the inner strength these Palestinians must have .
Andrew Kadi is a human rights activist and a member of Adalah - NY : the Coalition for Justice in the Middle East who has written for the Guardian ’s Comment is Free , Electronic Intifada , and other publications .
KNOXVILLE , Tenn . --
Derek Dooley has the Southern accent , the coaching pedigree and is doing his best to reassure Tennessee fans their new coach appreciates where he 's now working .
" How can you ask for anything more than the University of Tennessee ? " Dooley said Friday .
The son of Georgia legend Vince Dooley was introduced as the Vols ' second new head coach in 14 months , replacing Lane Kiffin days after he bolted for Southern California .
Among his first challenges will be reassuring fans and players that he wants to be at Tennessee .
" The times of worrying about what happened is over , " Dooley said .
Dooley talked about how he learned early that Tennessee represented the essence of college football , and remembers watching the weekly television shows of former coaches Johnny Majors and Phillip Fulmer .
He also promised he will not try to sell Tennessee in a sound bite , perhaps taking a shot at Kiffin , who was reprimanded by the Southeastern Conference for brash comments .
Two arrested after police follow footprints from break - in ... right to suspects ' front door
Two alleged burglars were arrested after officers followed footprints from a cash machine that had been tampered with straight to the front door of a house a few streets away .
The suspected bungling burglars were caught out by the sudden snowfall as they tried to break into a cash machine at a village supermarket .
Responding to an intruder alarm , police arrived at the convenience store earlier this week to find the alarms blaring and a hole cut out of the metal shutters .
Caught out : Police followed these footprints leading away from the tampered with cash machine to a nearby house and arrested two men .
But two pairs of footprints were leading away from the shop across the blanket of snow that covered the car park .
Officers followed the trail straight to the front door of a house a few streets away , where two men were arrested .
CCTV cameras at the KS Convenience in Denesway , Liverpool , captured two shadowy figures taking an angle grinder to the shutter before smashing their way through the glass door , setting the intruder alarm off .
Wary : CCTV footage at the KS Convenience store showed two men attempting to break into the cash machine using an industrial saw
They then attacked the cash machine with the industrial saw but , with the fire alarms now going off too , fled empty - handed .
Dave Parry , owner of the store , said he had recently beefed up security following a terrifying armed robbery .
In October last year , four thugs had burst into the shop at 5.45 pm when it was full of customers , held a machete to a security guard 's throat and forced him to open the safe .
Mr Parry said : ' We upgraded all the CCTV and the alarms and they are now all linked into the police so as soon as they go off , the police know .
' They were here very quickly and I am pleased there were some arrests .
' This store was empty for two or three years and there were all sorts of petitions by residents ' groups to have a retail presence here .
' Now they have one but they are in danger of losing it .
' No other retailer would want to come here .
I see my customers four or five times a week and especially at this time of year , when you have to shop locally , we are vital for them .
' Most in this community are good , honest , solid people .
But the minority are endangering this store for the rest of them .
' And they should be warned , if you come looking to rob this place , you will get caught . '
A 44 - year - old man and a 32 - year - old man , both arrested on suspicion of burglary , were bailed pending further inquiries .
The bespoke line - of - business application is a common feature of the corporate world , and a thing that has been instrumental in cementing Windows as the corporate desktop OS standard .
These applications — I 've worked on a few myself — are typically crummy affairs .
The foundation of such applications is typically some combination of Visual Basic 6 and obsolete versions of Access and Excel .
On top of this mound of [ redacted ] , these apps usually contain one or more third - party components to draw graphs or something , from vendors that have long since gone out of business .
These applications often grow organically ( though you should be thinking " mold " or " bacterial infection " rather than " rose " or " kitten " ) over a period of years , acting as a time - capsule of sorts — if you want to know how software was written in 1993 , there is no better place to look than the bespoke line - of - business application — and they have a tendency to outlast their creators .
The result is that many of these programs are unmaintained , with no one entirely sure how they work or how it is that they do whatever it is that they do .
But one thing is common to all : they 're all essential to the continued operation of the business .
If the app wo n't run , the business wo n't run either .
It is this kind of application , more than any other , that causes Microsoft 's slavish adherence to backwards compatibility .
Sure , it 's important to have some amount of compatibility for regular commercial software , but major applications are supported and actively maintained , so they can be upgraded , or replacements sought .
No such joy with the line - of - business application .
If it gets broken by an operating system upgrade — or even a Service Pack or security patch — then there 's little option but to refrain from upgrading .
One strategy companies have used to free themselves from the problems of such applications has itself caused even more compatibility headaches .
Many businesses have redeveloped their essential applications to be delivered through a Web browser , in principle relieving the operating system dependence .
Unfortunately , these Web apps have all too often suffered the same fate as their desktop counterparts , leaving them locked in to a particular version of a particular browser .
Worse luck for Web developers ; it 's normally version six of Internet Explorer .
The result ends up being the same ; companies have to stick with software that 's well past its use - by date , because if they upgrade , important things stop working .
This problem has been a thorn in Redmond 's side for many years .
It 's great for Microsoft to have this entrenched , committed user - base , of course — it 's a great money - maker — but it serves as a huge restriction on what the company can do .
Change Windows ( or IE ) too much , and these essential - but - awful applications stop working .
That becomes an even bigger problem when the changes are essential , such as fixing security flaws or improving general security robustness .
The issue really came to a head with the release of Windows Vista .
Vista 's compatibility with XP was very good , but it was n't perfect .
Microsoft did a lot of work on Vista to harden it against attacks ( UAC , of course , but also other things , like prohibiting services from having user interaction ) , and together these modifications and improvements , along with more mundane stuff like updating the version number that Windows has , have conspired to break some old software .
How much old software is broken is hard to say ; programs that play by the rules by honoring the system 's security and not making unwarranted assumptions should n't break , and most software falls into this category ( or close enough ) .
But the fact remains , there are programs that break on Vista , and many of these are critical to corporate users .
And because the latest and greatest Windows 7 is based on Windows Vista , it , too , has the same problem .
Virtualizing the problem
With Windows 7 , however , Redmond has provided a solution to the problem : Windows XP Mode .
Windows XP
Mode uses virtualization technology to let applications running on a virtualized copy of Windows XP show up in the Windows 7 Start menu and on the Windows 7 desktop .
Windows XP
Mode is a downloadable add - on for Windows 7 Professional , Ultimate , and Enterprise .
It has two parts : the virtualization software itself , and a disk image containing a pre-installed , activated , licensed copy of Windows XP Professional with Service Pack 3 preinstalled , complete with the glorious Internet Explorer 6 .
The virtualization software is the latest iteration of Virtual PC .
Although you would n't know it from the download page , this is available for any version of Windows 7 aside from Starter .
You would n't know it , because selecting a version of Windows other than those previously listed removes the option to download Virtual PC .
It should n't , though ; it should only remove the option to download the Windows XP Mode image .
In a break from the past , the new version requires hardware virtualization support —
Intel 's VT or AMD's AMD - V. Microsoft 's current server virtualization platform , Hyper - V , has the same requirement , but for Virtual PC this is a new demand , and one that 's perhaps a little surprising .
For virtualizing 32 - bit guest OSes , far and away the most common usage scenario , the benefits of hardware virtualization are something between small and non-existent ; though hardware virtualization is potentially a little faster , the difference in practice is n't perceptible .
What the requirement does do , however , is rule out using Windows XP Mode on a range of Intel 's low - and mid-range processors .
Although most AMD processors include AMD - V ( and with a clear division between those which do ( Athlon , Opteron , and Phenom models released after mid-2006 , Sempron models released after mid-2008 ) and those which do n't ( everything else ) , there 's no such convenient division on the Intel side of the fence .
Some Core 2
Duos include VT ; others do n't .
For example , consider the Core 2 Duo E8200 and E8190 launched in January 2008 .
These were both premium parts ( branded Core 2 Duo rather than Celeron or Pentium ) .
The E8200 is clearly 10 better than E8190 , but what does 10 get you here ?
In this case , it gets you VT .
( Even more curious is that the E8190 cost is the same as the E8200 ; it was designed for OEMs who apparently wanted a part like the E8200 but without the features .
Crazy ) .
There 's no consistency or easy rule of thumb to use ; my original generation Core 2 Duo E6700 has VT , but the newer , higher - numbered E7500 does n't .
To make matters worse , as a reaction to Microsoft 's decision , some models of processor that previously did n't have VT had it added without even changing the model name .
If you have a Core 2 Quad Q8300 , for example , it might have VT or it might not , depending on when exactly it was manufactured .
The mess is all a result of Intel 's over - the - top approach to market segmentation .
Every processor the company makes includes the VT hardware , but it 's just disabled for some models .
Problem is , VT has ( until now ) never been a feature that the company can meaningfully upsell , because average consumers have no idea what on earth it is or what it 's for .
Until now , it never really mattered .
In an ideal world , Intel would learn from this and stick to vaguely comprehensible divisions for its market segmentation : clock speed , core count , and at a pinch , cache size , and the naming scheme would be rationalized to establish some kind of " higher = better " consistency .
Last updated at 09:49 19 November 2007
When veterinary nurse Melanie Humble took home a litter of kittens , she expected her cat Ellie to show some interest .
Instead it was her rabbit Summer who quickly developed a bond with the baby felines .
Although only five - months - old , Summer has shown remarkable patience with the frisky five - week - old kittens , and lets them snuggle close to her .
Scroll down for more ...
" I brought Summer inside on bonfire night because I was worried about her being scared by fireworks , " Melanie said .
" I did wonder how she would get on with the kittens tearing around the house , but she has been really great .
" I think they think she 's their mum .
She 's a big , fat rabbit and she just sits there quite happily and lets them climb all over her .
It is lovely to see them all together . "
The kittens had been abandoned by their mother and were brought into the veterinary branch in Aberdeen where Melanie works .
Melanie agreed to foster them until they reached eight - weeks - old .
They were too small to feed themself so Melanie have been giving them a special formula through a syringe every two to three hours .
" It 's a bit of a full - time job , " said Melanie .
" Wherever I go , the kittens have to go , too , but they 're lots of fun . "
Process Wiring
Process - oriented programming , as embodied in the CHP library , implements programs as parallel compositions of components .
It ’s a pleasantly recursive concept ; the components themselves are usually parallel compositions of further components .
These parallel compositions involve connecting up ( or wiring up , to use a more tangible metaphor ) the processes so that they can communicate with each other .
This can sometimes look a bit spaghetti- like ; at worst , it involves declaring all the channels and barriers ( effectively naming every wire in the system ! ) and passing them to the right place , and enrolling on the barriers at the right point .
One wrong use of a name ( e.g. this recent problem on haskell - cafe , which can all too easily happen ) can ruin your program , and the type system ca n’t protect you if the channels carry the same type .
One way to safe - guard against mis-wiring is to capture common wiring patterns in combinators .
Just as you should never write a function that alters every item in a list using explicit recursion ( you should use map instead ) , you should never wire up a pipeline long - hand , and should instead use the connectable combinators .
Similarly , there are enrolling helper functions that can ease the use of barriers .
Problems with Combinators
Sometimes the combinators in CHP can remain more awkward than I would like .
For example , CHP has an enrollAll function .
For this post , I ’m going to simplify it to have this type :
enrollAll :: Barrier -> [ EnrolledBarrier -> CHP a ] -> CHP [ a ]
It takes a barrier , then enrolls all the processes in the list on the barrier and runs them all in parallel , returning a list of results .
Now imagine that you have two barriers ( a and b ) , and a list of processes ( ps ) of type [ EnrolledBarrier -> EnrolledBarrier -> CHP a ] and you want to enroll all the processes once on each barrier .
It turns out you ca n’t do this with enrollAll ; the function does n’t compose .
So I added enrollAllT :
enrollAllT :: Barrier -> [ EnrolledBarrier -> a ] -> ( [ a ] -> CHP b) ->
CHP b
This function does compose ; we can now run our processes using one of these two lines :
enrollAllT a ps ( enrollAll b ) enrollAllT a ps ( \ps ' -> enrollAllT b ps' runParallel )
There are several other functions like enrollAll ( such as the function for wiring up a pipeline of processes ) that shared the same problem of not allowing repeated composition , and that could have similar changes made to fix it .
This seems to be a common pattern ( partially compose some processes , then delegate to a further composition function ) , and so I set about trying to capture it somehow .
This being Haskell , it was no great surprise that I ended up with a monad .
The Composed monad
I came up with the Composed monad ( in lieu of a better name ) .
Its definition can be written as :
newtype Composed a = Composed { runWith :: forall b. ( a -> CHP b) -> CHP b }
I found this slightly confusing at first ; I did n’t expect the type a , the return type of the monadic action , to be on the left of the runWith function looking like a parameter .
What this type says , though , is that if you give me a Composed a block and a function that can take its return type a and turn it into a CHP action returning type b ( i.e. give me : a -> CHP b ) , I will give back a parcelled up CHP b action , by feeding my return value to the function you give me .
The monad instance is as follows :
instance Monad Composed where return x = Composed ( $ x ) ( >>= ) m f = Composed ( \r -> m `runWith` ( ( `runWith` r ) . f ) )
This monad crops up all over the place .
It can be written as forall b. ContT b CHP a , the continuation - passing monad transformer on top of CHP .
( Dan Piponi has explained why ContT ’s cousin Cont has been called the mother of all monads . )
Edward Kmett , in turn , labels this the Codensity monad of CHP .
( I ’m not sure if the continuation - passing monad is usually used how I end up using it here , though . )
The monad can be executed with runWith , or with a slightly easier helper function :
run :: Composed [ CHP a ] -> CHP [ a ] run p = p `runWith` runParallel
The Composed monad is also an instance of MonadCHP , meaning you can lift CHP actions into it :
instance MonadCHP
Composed where liftCHP x = Composed ( x >>=)
The Two Styles of Use
I can use this new monad in two different styles .
One is to return enrolled items from function calls , using functions such as :
enrollR :: Barrier ->
Composed EnrolledBarrier enrollR b = Composed ( enroll b)
( Point - free style is not possible due to the rank - 2 type . )
You could then write programs such as :
do a <- liftCHP newBarrier b <- liftCHP newBarrier a0 <- enrollR a b0 <- enrollR b b1 <- enrollR b return [ p a0 b0 , q b1 ]
The order in the monad here represents a sort of scoping .
When you enroll on the barrier using enrollR , any items later in the monadic “ sequence ” are within the scope of that enrollment .
( After I implemented this , I saw similar code in Maciej Piechotka ’s aforementioned haskell - cafe post , so perhaps this is a common way to handle this idiom via a monad . )
That is a fairly simple use of the monad , where the functions return enrolled items and then we wire up .
We can also support a slightly different style , with functions such as this :
enrollAllR :: Barrier -> [ EnrolledBarrier -> a ] ->
Composed [ a ] enrollAllR b ps = Composed ( enrollAllT b ps )
Here , the function does not return a list of enrolled barriers , but instead the list of partially wired up processes ( of some type a , which is typically something along the lines of EnrolledBarrier -> Chanout Int -> CHP String , i.e. a CHP process requiring further parameters ) .
So our earlier enrollAllT a ps ( enrollAll b ) line is written in this monad as :
run ( enrollAllR a ps >>= enrollAllR b)
Or , for those who like point - free style :
run ( enrollAllR b < =< enrollAllR a $ ps )
Summary
The difference can perhaps best be summarised by showing the types of two versions of enrollR :
enrollR :: Barrier -> Composed EnrolledBarrier enrollRS :: Barrier -> ( EnrolledBarrier -> a ) ->
Composed a
The first style returns the enrolled barrier to use later on , whereas the latter takes some sort of process and passes the enrolled barrier into it , returning the process , now with one more argument taken care of .
I am still exploring which style is best .
The first style seems easier for simple functions , but for more complex functions the latter seems more elegant .
I also have slight reservations about how easy it will be for users to get their head around the use of this monad , in either style .
Comments are welcome .
At least 40 passengers were killed when a bus crashed down a mountainside in the Andes of southern Peru .
Another 10 people were injured in the accident as the bus travelled between Arequipa , Peru 's second largest city , and the town of Santo Tomas .
Police said it fell 200 m down the ravine , with recent rain and a mechanical failure being considered as causes .
There were also reports of overcrowding as people return home for Christmas .
Rescue efforts were difficult in the terrain , a local fire brigade member told AFP news agency .
The nation lost 85,000 jobs from the economy in December , the Labor Department reported Friday , as hopes for a vigorous recovery ran headlong into the prospect that paychecks could remain painfully scarce into next year .
“ We ’re still losing jobs , ” said Dean Baker , co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research in Washington .
“ It ’s nothing like we had in the free fall of last winter , but we ’re not about to turn around .
We ’re still looking at a really weak economy . ”
The disappointing snapshot of the job market intensified pressure on the Obama administration to show results for the $ 787 billion spending bill it championed last year to stimulate the economy .
At a news conference , Mr. Obama acknowledged the December data as a setback , while outlining plans to deliver $ 2.3 billion in tax credits to spur manufacturing jobs in clean energy .
Every war brings its signature weapon .
In World War I , it was the fighter plane ; in WWII , the atomic bomb .
The Cold War produced missiles capable of traveling halfway around the world in under an hour .
And in the war on terror , the tip of the spear is undoubtedly the unmanned aerial vehicle , or UAV .
Though popularly dubbed “ drones , ” the current generation of unmanned aircraft do n’t operate autonomously during flight ; they are controlled by military personnel on the ground .
In the case of the Air Force , Predator and Reaper aircraft flying over Afghanistan are operated by pilots located just outside of Las Vegas .
Once regarded as a niche tool , UAVs have emerged as one of the most high - profile weapons in current military operations .
In Iraq , an aviation battalion that uses manned and unmanned aircraft , called Task Force ODIN ( an acronym for Observe , Detect , Identify and Neutralize ) has been credited with capturing or killing thousands of insurgents responsible for planting roadside bombs .
The Pentagon is hoping ODIN will eventually see the same success in Afghanistan .
Drones also are expanding internationally .
In 2008 , Russia shot down a Georgian drone that was flying over the breakaway region of Abkhazia .
Although Russia soundly defeated Georgia in a war that followed several months later , Russia realized its own drones were n’t nearly as advanced as the ones owned by Georgia ; now , Russia is buying unmanned aircraft from Israel , the same country that supplied the drones to Georgia in the first place .
But unmanned aircraft , though growing in number and uses , are hardly perfect .
In Afghanistan , insurgents using cheap commercial software were famously able to hack into the video feed coming from US military drones .
Nor is drone technology limited to traditional militaries .
The military wing of the Lebanon - based Hezbollah bragged about flying its Mirsad - 1 UAV into Israeli airspace .
In the US , military concerns that terrorists could obtain small drones and use them to attack across borders has even prompted a secretive effort called “ Black Dart , ” which looks at ways to detect and destroy UAVs .
One method involves frying the electronics with targeted microwave energy .
On the more futuristic end of the spectrum , researchers sponsored by the Defense Department are looking at everything from drones that mimic insects ( one US Air Force promotional video even shows an insect - sized drone on an assassination mission ) , to actual living insects implanted with microelectronics that control their flight .
Such cyborg insects , according to the Pentagon research agency funding the work , could act as tiny spies , carrying microphones or sensors to a specific target .
Though still far away from the battlefield , scientists have already been able to remote control a beetle implanted with a neural stimulating device .
Cheaper than manned aircraft ( though , at roughly $ 10 million a drone , not as cheap as the Pentagon would like ) , UAVs can be sent into places deemed too unsafe for manned aircraft .
The Air Force is already looking ahead at options for a next - generation drones , faster and stealthier than the current generation of Reaper and Predator aircraft .
For instance , a new drone that looks like a miniature stealth fighter , nicknamed the “ Beast of Kandahar ” was spotted on a US base in Afghanistan .
The very public outing prompted the Air Force to confirm that it did indeed have a new , previously unacknowledged , unmanned aircraft in its arsenal .
Officially called the RQ - 170 Sentinel , the spy aircraft may have been operating out of Afghanistan for some two years .
The radar evading drone , built by Lockheed Martin ’s secretive Skunk Works division , is a tail - less aircraft with sensors integrated into the wings and operated by the Air Force ’s 30th Reconnaissance Squadron based at the Tonopah Test Range in Nevada .
Its mission ?
Unclear , but since the Taliban do n’t possess radar , aerospace expert experts speculate the aircraft could be used for spying on the world ’s next international flashpoint : Iran ’s nuclear program .
Sharon Weinberger is a national security reporter and contributor to AOL News / Sphere .
LOS ANGELES ( thefutoncritic.com ) -- NBC 's late - night foibles dominated the first nine days of the TCA Winter Press
Tour so it only made sense the final day would conclude on a similar note .
Comedian Louis C.K. gave reporters his amusing perspective during the day 's final panel for his upcoming FX series " Louie " : " I worked for Conan , I was on his first writing staff , so he 's a friend of mine and he 's always been a huge [ supporter ] .
I love Conan and I think he 'll be fine .
He 's really a hardworking guy and he's a very creative , he 's a very funny person so I think he 'll be okay .
I never saw it , ' The Tonight Show , ' [ the way he does ] .
When I was a kid that was Johnny Carson 's show and it was kind of what old people watched you know ?
People my age watched Letterman .
And to me that was the thing : it was Letterman and ' The Tonight Show . '
And when Letterman really wanted ' The Tonight Show ' I did n't understand it because he has his own show called ' Letterman . '
And when they rejected him he went and got ' Letterman ' again .
He 's doing great .
Conan had ' Conan . '
Nobody really called it ' Late Night ' that 's how much he had made it his .
That was ' Conan . '
And I do n't know why he'd want to give that up to host ' The Tonight Show , ' [ which ] is just this old , shitty thing .
Let Jay have it .
So I think it will all turn out [ well ] .
It 's been a traumatic thing for them to all go through , I 've felt for everybody , except for that guy Jed Jizz - Fucker whatever his name is .
Zucker , sorry .
He 's just a great villain .
I do n't know , he 's probably a great guy ... [ he just ] has that face [ and does ] all these crazy things .
And Jay , Jay is a driven American guy .
He 's a working class [ guy ] .
He 's from Andover , Massachusetts which is close to where I grew up .
He 's a Boston comic which is what I am .
And he 's like , ' It 's my show !
I 'm fucking holding onto that show ! '
He 's not kidding around .
So I do n't blame him either , he 's just holding on .
And he won .
It 's pretty impressive what he pulled off .
And Conan will be fine .
He was born in Brookline , Mass .
He 's two blocks from Kennedy 's compound , you know house ... he 's a rich , Harvard educated , well yielded , milk and honey fed fellow .
So he 'll be okay .
And he 'll be the first one to tell you that he 's okay .
He gave me my first job .
To me that 's a sacred thing .
Conan went out and took a shot with me before I could prove I could do anything .
And he 's always let me on the show to promote and I love the guy and I think he 'll end up somewhere else .
And he 'll go back to doing ' Conan . '
It 's hurting him inside because he wants to be the host of ' The Tonight Show . '
And it 's a little presumptuous of me to tell Conan that his dreams are misguided ... but they are . "
" Louie " premieres in early April on FX .
Kabuki in Kabul
Hamid Karzai will be heading to the international London conference later this month with a full cabinet , albeit not an entirely legitimate one .
The Afghan president has decided to ignore his testy parliament for the moment and simply install the ministers he wants , whether the lawmakers agree or not .
What seemed like a defeat for Karzai — having parliament reject his nominees — might now become at least a short - term victory .
But the whole shabby incident bodes ill for Afghanistan ’s attempt to clean up for the world stage in London .
The formation of the government has been a lengthy and contentious process .
Karzai ’s first roster of nominees was roundly rejected by the legislature , which on Jan. 2 confirmed just seven out of the 24 names the president had suggested .
A second vote two weeks later yielded another seven confirmations , leaving Karzai with 10 empty slots .
This came less than two weeks before the important Jan. 28 meeting in London , which will set the tone for the Afghan president ’s relations with the international community over the coming months .
Karzai then asked the rejects to fill in anyway , becoming acting ministers at least until after the conference .
The inability to confirm a cabinet was just another mess on top of the general shambles of the Afghan political scene .
Karzai came to his second term in office after a badly flawed election , in which the fraud was so glaring and well - documented that nearly one - third of the votes had to be annulled .
Worse still , the president gained his pyrrhic victory by forming alliances with some of the country ’s most detested figures , men like Gen.
Abdul Rashid Dostum , a former warlord who has been widely accused of human rights abuses .
The wrangling over the cabinet has done little to raise Karzai ’s standing in the eyes of the international community , whose enthusiasm for the Afghan president has waned markedly over the past 18 months .
But , as with most things in Afghanistan , there is much more to the story than meets the eye .
While the parliament ’s firm " no " to almost half of Karzai ’s picks looks like a major defeat for the Afghan president , some observers are convinced that Karzai is not at all unhappy about the outcome .
" President Karzai is not concerned about his rejected nominees , " Qaseem Akhgar , editor of the Asht - e - Sobh daily , said in an earlier interview .
" In fact , he used this opportunity … to rid himself of the pressure exerted by his electoral allies to place their people in the government . "
In other words , Karzai owed political favors to Dostum and others who helped him engineer his election ; he had promised to place such supporters in important cabinet positions .
But parliament rejected all of Dostum ’s allies , relieving Karzai of the burden .
" The rejection of … his cabinet [ was ] no ‘ slap in the face for Hamid Karzai . ’
On the contrary , it is a success for him , " wrote Thomas Ruttig , a senior analyst with the Afghanistan Analysts Network .
" Karzai can tell them : I did my best , but parliament did not play ball . "
During the second round of voting , on Jan. 16 , most political analysts thought Karzai would have an easier time of it .
But again , parliament rejected 10 out of 17 nominees .
It might have been a flexing of political muscle in advance of the still - controversial parliamentary elections , slated for the spring .
Parliament has been largely sidelined in the political process , say analysts , and lawmakers might have been trying to demonstrate that they still have power .
" Parliament wants to show what it is capable of , since elections are just over the horizon , " Wahid Muzhda , a political analyst in Kabul , said in an interview after the first round of voting .
One of those who earned parliamentary disfavor was the proposed minister for women ’s affairs , Palwasha Hassan , a dynamic women ’s rights advocate who came to her confirmation hearings wearing a headscarf issued by the Five Million Women Campaign , a major event in Afghanistan .
She was subjected to an extended examination by some of the more conservative lawmakers , one of whom asked her how she would ensure that women did not have " too much freedom " in Afghanistan .
Hassan was one of three women on Karzai ’s list , only one of whom , Amina Afzali , was confirmed .
Parliament also rejected five nominees from the Hazara ethnic group and three Uzbeks , leaving the lawmakers open to charges of ethnic prejudice .
There were protests in a predominantly Hazara neighborhood the day after the vote .
So the president got kudos for supporting women and trying to form an inclusive , multi ethnic cabinet , while the parliament emerged as a hotbed of fundamentalists .
Those who have been confirmed will control the most powerful ministries .
Hanif Atmar , a technocrat popular in Britain , retains his position at the Ministry of the Interior , while Abdul Rahim Wardak holds on to the defense portfolio .
Longtime National Security Advisor Zalmay Rassoul becomes foreign minister , and Zarar Ahmad Moqbel , a former interior minister who was dismissed last year amid widespread allegations of corruption , returns to the government as minister for counternarcotics .
Insiders say that Moqbel is a favorite of the Americans , who value his firm grip on the militias of the north .
The most well - known of those rejected in the first round is Ismail Khan , whom Karzai nominated to retain his post as minister of water and energy .
But it seems that Karzai has no intention of replacing him — he did not supply parliament with a second choice .
It will not be the first time Karzai has flouted the wishes of his legislature .
His outgoing foreign minister , Rangin Dadfar Spanta , was handed a vote of no confidence by the parliament in 2007 .
He has remained in place as acting minister ever since .
But while Karzai may be a round or two ahead in his scuffle with Kabul lawmakers , he is losing ground with the international community .
" The failure of 70 percent of Karzai ’s nominees to gain confirmation has undermined his international reputation , " said Mahmoud Saiqal , a former deputy minister of foreign affairs , in an interview after the first round of voting .
" They may think about bringing changes in the leadership of Afghanistan . "
This is not the ideal situation for Karzai ahead of the London conference , during which he has to convince his foreign backers that he can deliver on his promises to clean up Afghan governance .
High on the agenda for the meeting will be the question of corruption .
U.S. President Barack Obama has given his Afghan counterpart six months to make a start on putting to rights one of the shadiest governments on the planet ( Transparency International rated Afghanistan second only to Somalia on its 2009 corruption index ) .
But Obama will most likely be disappointed .
" The government could certainly do more on corruption if only it really wanted to , " said Ruttig said in an interview .
" But some of Karzai ’s appointments show that he apparently does not pay too much attention to criticism . "
Inspired by the President ’s call for more open government , the Commonwealth of Massachusetts launched its data catalogue , following in the footsteps of Washington , DC New York , and elsewhere around the country ( as well as cities in Canada and the UK ) , to provide public access to information by and about government .
What makes this exciting is not merely having transportation information available in machine - readable formats , but that professional and amateur enthusiasts can then get together , as they did last weekend , to create new software applications and data visualizations to better enable public transit riders to track arrival times for the next subway , bus , or ferry .
Publishing government information online facilitates this kind of useful collaboration between government and the public that transforms dry data into the tools that improve people ’s lives .
( For another great example , check out what happened
I hope you 're sitting down for this one .
It 's now been revealed that Sarah Palin is absolutely clueless about both international and domestic politics .
Shocking , eh ?
You remember Sarah , do n't you ?
She 's the one regressives gleefully championed just a year ago as the greatest thing since sliced bread , the person most qualified to be Vice President of the United States , just a step away from the presidency .
Turns out no one in America knew better how utterly bogus that claim was than the people who were making it .
The latest revelations on this subject come from Steve Schmidt , the McCain - Palin campaign manager , and the guy who originally championed Palin for the VP nod after the ultra - right told McCain he could n't have his buddy Joe Lieberman on the ticket after all .
Here 's what Schmidt is now saying about Palin as she was being prepped for her debate appearance : " She knew nothing " .
A bit different from what we were hearing from him during the campaign , is n't it ?
And when Schmidt says ' nothing ' , he means NOTHING .
She did n't know about World War I .
She did n't know about that obscure event , World War II .
She did n't know about the Fed .
She could n't tell you the difference between North and South Korea .
She kept insisting that Saddam Hussein did 9/11 .
Her son in the military was about to be shipped off to Iraq , and she could n't say who he'd be fighting there .
She was so well acquainted with American politics that during rehearsals she kept referring to her debate opponent , a longtime prominent fixture in Washington , as a certain " Senator O'Biden " , hence the real reason for the " Can I call you Joe ? " ploy at the beginning of the debate .
Funny thing is , it was easy then to see what a complete and utter lie Palin was , from top to bottom .
Easy , that is , if one was willing .
But you took a lot of crap for stating the obvious .
Emperors do n't really like it so much when you point out that they 're naked .
But anyone who saw the Katie Couric interview , for example , could see how completely two - dimensional and absolutely false was the notion that this person was remotely ready to be a heartbeat away from the presidency of the United States , especially when the heart in question belonged to an old man with some serious medical history .
How does this happen ?
How does a presidential bid based on a lie that is simultaneously so manifest and so magnificent in scale nevertheless manage to generate 59,934,814 votes amongst the supposedly sentient occupants of the richest and most powerful country of the world , here in the twenty - first century , no less ?
It 's quite astonishing , really .
But there 's a simple answer .
The lie of Palin 's competence could only be sustained ( and only for some people ) by piling it on top of a whole litany of other lies .
Welcome to the spiraling sewer of regressive deceit .
The most proximate lie to the one asserting that Palin was ready to be president was the one in which the McCain team assured us they knew what they were talking about .
In fact , they had almost no idea who Palin was .
Indeed , they were the first among us to learn what a disaster she really was .
But only after they 'd already picked her .
They did n't know that previously because - Lie Number
Three - they had n't vetted her anywhere near properly .
As the new book " Game Change " , by well - regarded mainstream journalists Mark Halperin and John Heilemann reveals , the campaign came up with her at the last moment , did n't interview her husband or her allies or enemies in Alaska before choosing her , and did n't even send someone up there to investigate her background before the selection .
In short , they did n't do any real due diligence in the five whole days they devoted to the project .
Lie Number
Four revolved around what happened to anyone who had the temerity to question whether Palin was anything remotely like what she was being presented to the American people as .
Palin was a complete unknown to almost all of the country , and it was absolutely natural and proper that , at a very minimum , basic introductory questions should be asked of her .
But that , of course , could rapidly turn problematic , as it did .
I had the gut sense at the time that they had gamed this out in advance , figuring out how to turn this massive liability into an advantage .
In any case , they immediately flipped the logic on its head , so that anyone who asked the most innocuous question of or about Palin became some sort of misogynist , anti-Alaskan , mom-hater , thus turning the whole affair into a story about the people legitimately checking out Palin , rather about than the candidate herself , and thus also scaring off a lot of the mainstream lackey wimps who call themselves journalists .
Couric 's simple question about what journals Palin read was the classic example .
Not only was it a common sort of query that candidates get asked all the time , but it was especially appropriate for anyone ( like all of America , for example ) who wanted to know what made this person who was completely new to them tick .
As Schmidt himself now admits , it was in no way any sort of ' gotcha ' question , as she and her camp and her supporters angrily screamed at the time .
Quite the opposite .
She was asked some simple questions in order to get a sense of who this new face to most voters might be .
But she was quickly revealed to be an idiot .
Therefore the big lie had to be trotted out to change the story .
Poor Sarah .
Poor chief executive of one of America 's fifty states .
Poor ferocious hockey mom .
Poor potential president who might one day have to take on Vladimir Putin or Hu Jintao or al Qaeda .
Poor abused Sarah .
Monsters like Katie Couric were brutalizing her by asking her outrageous questions , such as , " What do you read ? "
Which brings us to Lie Number Five , that of regressive competence .
Right - wingers love to tell us how pragmatically competent they are .
Governor Palin mocked Barack Obama for being a mere ' community organizer ' .
No doubt she preferred MBA president George W. Bush as a better model .
You know , the guy who took more vacations than any other president in history .
The guy whose administration did wrong everything imaginable that an administration could do wrong , all within eight years time .
Lie Number
Five is that these regressives are tough , pragmatic , business - hardened , smart , efficient managers who know how to get the heckuva - job - Brownie done .
If the job were telling lies , I 'd have to agree .
Otherwise , the truth is it turns out that they 're disastrously incompetent .
Lie Number Six is that McCain was ' out of the loop ' in the vetting process ( as if that would exonerate him , anyhow ) .
Matt Lauer pressed McCain on this question the other day , and the senator trotted out every ploy in the Politician 's Master Manual for Epic Evasion , trying to avoid exposure of his crime .
Here 's how Politico reports that little tete - a- tete :
" Pressed by host Matt Lauer how the GOP presidential nominee would n't know about the vetting of his own running mate , McCain said : ' I would n't know what the sources are or care . '
Instead of addressing the charges in the book , the senator repeatedly said he was ' proud ' of Palin and his campaign -- the same refrain he 's kept up since he lost the election as Republicans and even some top members of his own campaign team have criticized the polarizing former governor .
But Lauer did n't drop the issue and , in continuing to ask McCain about Palin , drew a flash of the senator 's famous temper .
' I just spent my time , Matt , over where three Americans were just killed in Afghanistan , ' McCain said .
' OK ? ' he asked the morning show host .
When Lauer tried to continue , McCain interrupted .
' I am not going to spend time looking back at over what happened over a year ago when we 've got two wars to fight , 10 percent unemployment in my state and things to do , ' he said .
' I 'm sorry , you 'll have to get others to comment . '
Why is McCain so testy about this ?
Why will he not comment on something he obviously knows about intimately ?
Why is he hiding behind three dead GIs to avoid the question ?
Why does he bully his interviewer ?
Why does the man who based his whole political life on his distant past refuse to talk about events from little more than a year ago ?
The answer , of course , is Lie Number Seven , and it's a whopper .
McCain wo n't talk because to do so would be for him to reveal that he committed an act of treason ( and I choose my terms carefully here ) in choosing Palin .
The truth is , McCain willingly and knowingly endangered the country , purely for his own personal benefit .
This man - who never let up in reminding us all of the vital importance of national security issues - put someone on his ticket who was so obscenely incompetent to run the country that she could n't even pass a sixth grade history class , and he did it for one reason only : because he wanted the personal glory of being president , and he thought she could draw votes .
If selling out your country for personal gain does n't define treason , then I do n't know what does .
You do n't get more obvious examples than this .
Ah , but it gets so much deeper as we descend through the regressive spiral of lies .
Because what McCain did in this case is what regressives do all the time .
Any honest assessment of contemporary American politics would immediately reveal that more or less everything the Republican Party ( and now most of the Democrats as well ) does today is treason of this sort .
Lie Number
Eight is that they actually care about security .
Or freedom .
Or religion .
Or guns .
Or who you get to sleep with or marry .
The truth is that these are almost entirely diversionary ploys to make sure that you do n't notice their real purpose , which is to abet the oligarchy in looting every dollar possible from America and Americans .
And these diversionary tactics of the regressive elite work so well because of Lie Number Nine regarding those they readily manipulate .
All the nice folks on the right will claim that their shock troops are rationally deciding what 's best for America in determining their allegiances and their votes , just like the Founders intended .
But this is nonsense .
Sarah Palin has shown herself to be a boob of first proportions , an even bigger one than George W. Bush .
In both cases , however , their supporters love them even more for it .
These politicians play perfectly to the insecurities of right - wing voters , who respond intensely to the emotional content of their rhetoric .
This is the politics of resentment , and political figures who are ( or can appear to be ) exceptionally ordinary are only more revered , not less , for the big finger they supposedly send to so - called liberal elites .
All of which continues to explain one of the biggest lies of our time , the notion that regressives / Republicans are serious about national security , while progressives / Democrats are not .
Leave aside that WWI , WWII , the Korean War , The Vietnam War and the Cold War were all originally launched by Democratic presidents .
Leave aside the fact the Barack Obama - supposedly the great wimpy apologist for America abroad - is massively increasing the American military presence in Afghanistan .
And leave aside the crucial fact that belligerence does not necessarily equate to security - in fact , it often produces quite the opposite effect .
Even putting all of that to the side , the notion that someone whose mind is a complete blank slate on history and foreign policy - to the extent that she did n't even know who her own son would be fighting in Iraq - would be the right person to put in the White House is part of an enormous deceit that has been propagated for decades now .
The latest regressive trope that there was never a terrorist attack on George W. Bush 's watch - recently articulated by Dana Perino , Mary Matalin and Rudy Giuliani - is only the most recent and most astonishing part of this long - term big lie , Number Ten on the Hit Parade .
The right will keep us safe .
Except all the times it does n't .
We could go on and on here .
Palin said god wanted her to run for the vice - presidency , for example , just like Bush claimed that Ol ' Big Beard told him to invade Iraq .
My own conversations with Monsieur Yahweh are - how should I put this ?
- somewhat less frequent than are those of folks amongst the regressive ranks .
But next time we chat , I 'm definitely gonna ask him why he wrecks his own reputation by publicly backing such serious losers .
After all , if Palin is right , her claim is that god wanted her to run for the vice - presidency ... and then lose .
Well , at least Bush 's Iraq adventure did less damage to the Big Guy 's street cred , right ?
Oh , never mind .
The thing is , with the right , it 's all lies , as deep as you go .
It has to be , because , standing alone , each of these individual claims are nutty to the point of embarrassment .
LOL !
Sustain them with a whole litany of supporting lies , however , and they become merely absurd .
Bolster them with all manner of deceit , and they 're reduced to being only dangerous .
So what if a President Palin would n't know the difference between North and South Korea ?
She 'd be surrounded by a bunch of really good advisors who'd make sure she dropped the nukular bomb on the right Korea , would n't she ?
Uh , well ...
Remember the last time we heard that one ?
Hint :
The advisors were named Cheney , Rumsfeld and Powell .
_______
About author David Michael Green is a professor of political science at Hofstra University in New York .
He is delighted to receive readers ' reactions to his articles ( David Michael Green is a professor of political science at Hofstra University in New York .
He is delighted to receive readers ' reactions to his articles ( dmg@regressiveantidote.net ) , but regrets that time constraints do not always allow him to respond .
More of his work can be found at his website , www.regressiveantidote.net
When a man wears a condom , the glans penis where sensation is felt most is covered .
So it is possible that when your boyfriend wheres a condom he knows that he wont be having any pleasure , and therefore he loses interest in the act of sexual intercourse .
If its STD 's your worried about , BUT if you TRUST your boyfriend , you can go on the pill .
Before you even think of taking Viagra I suggest you talk to a doctor .
The main thing is talking about it together and asking about how he feels about it and what you can do to increase his pleasure during the act of sex .
Which might make him exited into having an erection .
Male erectile dysfunction is mostly psychological disorder .
The man in the panda suit is holding an R8 key - Click above to watch the video after the jump
a few
When we saw Henry Rollins speakten years ago , he told a story about a fan who wrote to him with a peculiar problem .
Seems the guy is a paramedic and one night they come upon a car crash where a beautiful naked woman is lying on the ground unconscious .
They spring into action , get her in the back of the ambulance and begin emergency resuscitation .
Now , the guy is alone in the back of the ambulance with the woman , and he can't get over how hauntingly beautiful she is .
And she 's not responding .
All her vitals were failing and he knows she 's not going to make it .
As she expires , the paramedic , who had suddenly and quickly developed feelings for her , kisses her on the lips .
By the time they reach the hospital , the woman is dead .
Trouble is , the paramedic is now completely in love with her .
So much so he can't sleep , he can't eat and he 's having trouble working .
Rollins said his first reaction was to write back , " YOU SICK $@# !!!
GO KILL YOURSELF ! "
But no , the paramedic 's obviously in pain and obviously needs his help .
So he thinks about it for awhile and attempts to seek out helpful advice .
That night at some awards ceremony he runs into none other than Tom Waits and figures if anyone has some words of wisdom for the poor , lovestruck -- but slightly demented -- paramedic it would be Waits .
Rollins tells him the story and Tom 's eyes light up .
" You tell him she 's haunting him from the grave , " Waits says in his gravely trademark baritone .
" Tell him she did the same thing to me ! "
Now a couple of you might be wondering what on earth this story has to do with anything , let alone cars .
It does n't .
But it 's a fitting accompaniment to the three minutes of randomness in the video after the jump .
So if you 're into Furries , Ferraris Audis , fat guys and sexy ladies , have we got a clip for you .
Tip of the Panda head piece to Jesse Y![ Source : Midway Car Rental
Bloomberg 's David Reilly puts to paper what everyone watching this week 's Geithner grilling was all too aware of .
The idea of secret banking cabals that control the country and global economy are a given among conspiracy theorists who stockpile ammo , bottled water and peanut butter .
After this week ’s congressional hearing into the bailout of American International Group Inc. , you have to wonder if those folks are crazy after all .
Wednesday ’s hearing described a secretive group deploying billions of dollars to favored banks , operating with little oversight by the public or elected officials .
We ’re talking about the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , whose role as the most influential part of the federal - reserve system -- apart from the matter of AIG ’s bailout -- deserves further congressional scrutiny .
The New York Fed is in the hot seat for its decision in November 2008 to buy out , for about $ 30 billion , insurance contracts AIG sold on toxic debt securities to banks , including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. , Merrill Lynch & Co. , Societe Generale and Deutsche Bank AG , among others .
That decision , critics say , amounted to a back - door bailout for the banks , which received 100 cents on the dollar for contracts that would have been worth far less had AIG been allowed to fail .
Video Los capitalinos despiden el 2009 con m�s crisis .
A pesar de que el 2009 no fue el mejor , los ciudadanos esperan que el 2010 mejore en todos los aspectos
Un informe de la Organización Internacional del Trabajo ( OIT ) sobre salarios destaca que en el futuro inmediato se prevén momentos difíciles por un crecimiento económico lento o negativo , junto con precios muy inestables , lo que reducirá los sueldos reales de muchos trabajadores
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Tuesday , January 12 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH
It 's Nice To Get Noticed Posted by Mikko @ 13:48 GMT
Looking at a random new incoming malware sample in our sample automation systems .
Notice the Mutex names it uses :
Hey STFU yourself , why do n't you ?
P.S. We detect the sample as Email - Worm : MSIL / Agent .
MXK .
Raj Rajaratnam 's Alleged Insider Trading Scheme May Have Been Twice as Big as Thought -- $ 36 Million College friend Anil Kumar pleads guilty to conspiracy and securities fraud .
Jan. 7 , 2010  --
A McKinsey & Company director accused of leaking information in the largest hedge fund insider trading case ever pleaded guilty today to conspiracy and securities fraud .
Anil Kamar pleaded guilty to " conspiring to commit inside trader crimes with Raj Rajaratnam , " said the U.S. Justice Department .
Kumar is thought to be cooperating with federal prosecutors about his role in feeding information to hedge fund billionaire Raj Rajaratnam , who is accused of running a $ 20 million insider trading scheme .
Kumar 's agreement to waive indictment was a sign he was helping the feds , who may soon reveal that the alleged size of the scheme was far larger than originally reported .
Rajaratnam , founder of the Galleon Group hedge fund , has already pleaded not guilty to charges of security fraud in connection with allegations that inside information helped him to build Galleon into a multi-billion dollar enterprise .
At its height , Galleon held $ 7 billion in assets .
Prosecutors had accused Kumar of providing inside information about Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , a company he advised , to Rajaratnam .
Kumar and Rajaratnam had been friends since attending the M.B.A. program Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania .
But on Tuesday , the U.S. Attorney 's office filed a brief opposing Rajaratnam 's motion to cut his $ 100 million bail to $ 20 million , in which it noted that a superseding indictment including more charges was expected to be filed against Rajaratnam .
The expanded insider trading charges will include the allegation that he earned more than $ 36 million in illicit profits – double the amount earlier alleged , according to court papers .
The government brief stated those charges would include insider trading between March and July 2006 over an acquisition of ATI Technologies Inc by Advanced Micro Devices Inc .
It said the information came from an unidentified source " to whom Rajaratnam began making large payments in exchange for inside information in or about 2004 . "
Rajaratnam 's lawyer , John Dowd , said in a statement to Reuters : " An analyst 's prediction that AMD would acquire ATI was widely reported in the press more than seven weeks before the acquisition was announced . "
A bail hearing is set for Friday .
Rajaratnam is charged with conspiracy and securities fraud , accused of operating an elaborate insider trading operation in tech and other stocks through his hedge fund .
Galleon Group had made Rajaratnam one of the wealthiest men in America , with an estimated net worth of $ 1.3 billion .
CLICK HERE TO READ THE INDICTMENT FILED AGAINST RAJARATNAM
As ABC News reported exclusively , Rajaratnam has also provided extensive financial support to a charity linked to the Tamil Tigers terror group .
Dowd told ABC
News that his client " is innocent and looks forward to his day in court when a jury of his fellow citizens will examine and evaluate all of the evidence . "
A Sri Lankan native , Rajaratnam gave more than $ 3.5 million to the Tamil Rehabilitation Organization ( TRO ) , whose assets were frozen by the U.S. Treasury Department in Nov. 2007 because of alleged ties to the Tamil Tigers .
According to documents filed with the IRS , Rajaratnam 's contributions to the TRO were made in 2005 and 2006 through a separate charity , which he founded in the wake of the tsunami which hit Sri Lanka in Dec. 2004 .
Despite its stated relief efforts , the Treasury Department described the TRO charity as " a front " for Tamil Tigers fundraising and procurement in the U.S .
" TRO passed off its operation as charitable , when in fact it was raising money for designated terrorist group responsible for heinous acts of terrorism , " said Adam Szubin , director of the Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control at the time .
The Tamil Tigers waged a bloody insurgency against the government of Sri Lanka in which both sides were accused of civilian atrocities .
Under the Clinton administration , the State Department designated the Tamil Tigers as a terrorist organization in 1997 .
Click Here for the Blotter Homepage .
Bible .is Download our free Bible .is app — God ’s pure , audible Word at your fingertips .
Easily create and share listening plans , take notes , and encounter the Truth .
Download Bible.is Download Bible.is Learn More
Gospel Films Watch and share high - quality films of the complete Gospels in 500 + languages — experience Jesus ’ life and ministry like never before .
learn more watch now
MP3 Downloader Freely download and listen to the Bible anywhere from your device .
Crystal - clear , multi-voiced audio that speaks to your heart and soul .
Download the Bible
Other Digital Media
Wherever you have online access , listen to God ’s Word in your language on internet radio or in a podcast .
learn more
Resources for Partners Partners , we want to help .
Looking for resources ?
Find what you need here .
partner resources
Our website is Coming Soon , follow us for update now !
Reach to us : 1300 887 672
Write to us : info@etoners.com.au
An arrest warrant has been issued for a Leicester man accused of having sex with a horse and a donkey , after he failed to turn up to court .
Joseph Squires , of Overpark Avenue , is charged with a serious sexual offence against a donkey between February and April 1999 and a horse in March 2004 .
He is also accused of criminal damage to the animals during the same dates .
The 66 - year - old was due to appear at Leicester Crown Court earlier for a plea and case management hearing .
Mr Squires did not attend court and it was heard he had lost touch with his solicitors .
Judge Michael Pert QC issued a bench warrant for his arrest .
Will Democrats kill the health - care bill ?
One thing I do n't want to do is be a soothsayer on the special election in Massachusetts .
I have no interest in telling anybody that it 's not bad for Democrats .
It is .
Much of the race has turned on Coakley 's comically awful candidacy ( Shake hands ?
With voters ?
Eeeeewwww ! ) , but some of it is about unemployment and anger at Democrats and banks and other forces that will dominate the midterm election .
If a liberal won a Senate seat in Alabama , Democrats would be partying in the streets , and they'd be right to do so .
But just as you do n't want to deny the reality of the electoral situation , nor do you want to ignore the reality of the governing situation .
Democrats have a health - care bill that is inches from the finish line .
It has passed five committees and both chambers of Congress .
Even if Brown wins , it would still command a large majority in the Senate -- but it would be one vote away from a supermajority , and so the minority could mount a parliamentary maneuver to kill it .
The bill , however , does n't have to go back through the Senate .
It could be passed by the House and signed by the president .
House Democrats are reticent to do that , because there are compromises and tweaks and modifications they want made .
But those changes are far too small to be worth killing the bill over .
And they could be added to the bill separately , through the 51 - vote reconciliation process .
The bottom line here is that if the health - care bill fails , it will be Democrats who killed it , not Scott Brown .
And people should be clear on that point .
A DECADE AGO psychologist Ronald Levant , then at Nova Southeastern University , was telling some of his colleagues at a conference about patients with schizophrenia whom he had seen recover .
One of them asked rhetorically , “ Recovery from schizophrenia ?
Have you lost your mind , too ? ”
Until recently , virtually all experts agreed that schizophrenia is always , or almost always , marked by a steady downhill progression .
But is this bleak forecast warranted ?
Certainly schizophrenia is a severe condition .
Its victims , who make up about 1 percent of the population , experience a loss of contact with reality that puts them at a heightened risk of suicide , unemployment , relationship problems , physical ailments and even early death .
Those who abuse substances are also at risk for committing violent acts against others .
Contrary to popular belief , people with schizophrenia do not have multiple personalities , nor are they all essentially alike — or victims of poor parenting .
Nevertheless , research has shown that with proper treatment , many people with schizophrenia can experience significant , albeit rarely complete , recovery from their illness .
Many can , for example , live relatively normal lives outside a hospital , holding down a job and socializing periodically with family and friends .
As psychiatrist Thomas McGlashan of Yale University concluded in a prescient 1988 publication , “ The certainty of negative prognosis in schizophrenia is a myth . ”
From Desperation to Hope
Around 1900 the great German psychiatrist Emil Kraepelin wrote that schizophrenia , then called dementia praecox ( meaning “ early dementia ” ) , was characterized by an inexorable downward slide .
In 1912 another doctor , A. Warren Stearns , wrote of the “ apparent hopelessness of the disease . ”
Some treatments of the day , which included vasectomy and inducement of intense fever using infected blood , reflected this sense of desperation .
An attitude of gloom pervaded the field of schizophrenia research for decades , with many scholars insisting that improvement was exceedingly rare , if not unheard of .
Yet experts have lately come to understand that the prognosis for patients with schizophrenia is not uniformly dire .
Careful studies tracking patients over time — most of whom receive at least some treatment — suggest that about 20 to 30 percent of people recover substantially over years or decades .
Although mild symptoms such as social withdrawal or confused thinking may persist , these individuals can hold down jobs and function independently without being institutionalized .
In one study published in 2005 psychologist Martin Harrow of the University of Illinois College of Medicine and his colleagues followed patients over 15 years and found that about 40 percent experienced at least periods of considerable recovery , as measured by the absence of significant symptoms as well as the capacity to work , engage in social activities and live outside a hospital for a year or more .
Although most patients do not go into long remissions and may even decline over time , some 20 to 30 percent of this majority experience only moderate symptoms that interfere with — but do not devastate — their ability to perform in the workplace or maintain friendships .
Improved Treatments
Contributing to this less fatalistic view of schizophrenia are the effective treatments that have become available over the past two decades .
Such atypical antipsychotic medications as Clozaril ( clozapine ) , Risperdal ( risperidone ) and Zyprexa ( olanzapine ) , most of which were introduced in the 1990s , appear to ameliorate schizophrenia symptoms by affecting the function of neurotransmitters such as dopamine and serotonin , which relay chemical messages between neurons .
In addition , certain psychological interventions developed over the past few decades can often attenuate symptoms such as delusions and hallucinations .
For example , cognitive - behavior therapy aims to remedy the paranoid ideas or other maladaptive thinking associated with the disorder by helping patients challenge these beliefs .
Family therapies focus on educating family members about the disorder and on reducing the criticism and hostility they direct toward patients .
Though not panaceas by any means , these and several other remedies have helped many patients with schizophrenia to delay relapse and , in some cases , operate more effectively in everyday life .
Who is most likely to improve ?
Researchers have linked a number of factors to better outcomes in patients .
These include functioning successfully in their lives before the disease emerged ; experiencing severe symptoms suddenly , all at once , rather than little by little ; being older when the disease appeared ; being female ; having a higher IQ ; and lacking a family history of the disorder .
All these traits and features , however , allow at best modest forecasts of schizophrenia ’s prognosis .
Clearly , we have made considerable progress in our understanding of schizophrenia ’s course and are more optimistic than we have ever been about the future of those afflicted .
Nevertheless , we need even more effective remedies if our aim is to bring patients back to the productive , happy lives they enjoyed before their illness struck — and shattered their sense of self .
Schizophrenia Fictions
Although most people have heard of schizophrenia , many misunderstand the disorder .
Here we dispel three widespread misconceptions about this troubling mental illness .
Myth # 1 : People with schizophrenia have multiple personalities .
Fact :
This belief reflects a confusion between schizophrenia and dissociative identity disorder — once called multiple - personality disorder — a controversial diagnosis that is supposedly marked by the coexistence of multiple personalities or personality states within individuals .
People with schizophrenia possess only one personality , but that personality has beenshattered , with severe impairments in thinking , emotion and motivation .
Myth # 2 : All people with schizophrenia are essentially alike .
Fact : People with schizophrenia experience a bewildering variety of symptoms .
Some suffer primarily from “ positive ” symptoms , such as delusions , which are fixed false beliefs — the idea , say , that government agents are following them — and hallucinations , such as hearing voices .
In contrast , others mainly have “ negative ” symptoms , such as social withdrawal and diminished emotional and verbal expression .
Still another set of patients experiences cognitive deficits — problems with paying attention , remembering and planning .
Many patients ’ deficits span all three categories .
Myth # 3 : Schizophrenia is caused by family attitudes and behaviors .
Fact :
In 1948 German psychoanalyst Frieda Fromm - Reichmann introduced the notion of the schizophrenia - inducing mother — one who was hostile and hypercritical — an idea that persisted for decades .
Yet research has consistently failed to directly link parenting to the onset of schizophrenia , although numerous investigations suggest that intense familial criticism may hasten its relapse .
Do n't get me wrong .
Criticism is still vital .
I 'm not going to give up on advocating marriage equality or a carbon tax , rather than cap and trade , or for an independent investigation of Bush era war crimes .
I think pushing Obama to a more populist position on banks is well and good .
But given the alternative , I am going to step up my support of this president in the face of what he is confronting , even when he is not exactly doing everything I want .
In my view , you should too .
Look at what we are facing right now : a take - no - prisoners right , empowered by a massive new wave of corporate money unleashed by the Supreme Court , able to wield a 41 seat minority to oppose anything Obama wants , setting up a cycle of failure for a president whom they can then pillory at the polls , and unrepentant about near - dictatorial powers for the presidency , and the routinization of torture in the American government .
These forces can not be appeased .
They simply have to be confronted .
I do not believe in some massive turn left or faux - populism that Obama cannot characterologically embody .
I do not think ramming the healthcare reform bill through before Brown is seated is good politics .
I still believe that Obama should embrace a major assault on long - term debt and make that a center - piece of his SOTU next week .
But I have come around to thinking that the one huge mistake right now would be to surrender the Senate health reform bill .
The dust should indeed settle .
But it is absurd that one special election should upend a clear campaign promise , a year of work , and a necessary start on a critical reform without which we hurtle toward bankruptcy even more quickly .
More to the point , politics is also about morale and will as well as reason and moderation .
I believe Obama has been both reasoned and moderate and civil in navigating between the Democratic Congress and the embittered , mutinous GOP .
I do n't think his tone should change .
But I do think that any surrender on health now would be a betrayal of his entire campaign .
I do n't think the Senate bill is perfect ; but it 's far far better than nothing .
And not passing it means not passing anything and surrendering to forces that are as proto - fascist as any we have seen in recent times .
This is about more than health reform and we have to see it in that context .
This is about a cynical nihilist attempt to break this presidency before it has had a chance to do what we elected it to do by a landslide vote .
It is an attempt to destroy a majority 's morale , to break a president 's foreign policy autonomy , to prevent engagement in the Middle East peace process , to stop action on climate change , to restore torture , to increase tensions with the Muslim world , to launch a war on Iran .
We cannot delude ourselves that if Obama fails , this is not the alternative .
It is .
The federal government released its latest estimates of health spending last week , and they allow for some telling comparisons .
In 2008 , the country spent $ 2.3 trillion on medical care , or 16.2 percent of gross domestic product and $ 7,681 per person .
Of this $ 2.3 trillion , the federal government spent $ 817 billion , while state and local governments spent $ 290 billion .
The tax exclusion for employer - provided health insurance amounted to about $ 250 billion in lost federal revenue — which is , effectively , a government subsidy for health care .
Add up all of these sources , and you get about $ 1.35 trillion of health spending done by the public sector and slightly less than $ 1 trillion done by the private sector .
In per person terms , government agencies spent roughly $ 4,500 on medical care , while the private sector spent roughly $ 3,100 .
Here ’s what ’s notable about that $ 4,500 figure :
It ’s more than what a lot of other rich countries spend on health care — including both the public and the private sectors .
All told , Canada , Belgium and Germany each spend about $ 4,000 per person on health care .
Australia and Britain spend about $ 3,500 each .
Japan spends a little less than that .
( Thanks to the folks at the Commonwealth Fund and the Kaiser Family Foundation for help with these calculations . )
Movie made by chimpanzees to be broadcast on television
By Matt Walker
Editor , Earth News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The world 's first film shot entirely by chimpanzees is to be broadcast by the BBC as part of a natural history documentary .
The apes created the movie using a specially designed chimp - proof camera given to them by primatologists .
The film - making exercise is part of a scientific study into how chimpanzees perceive the world and each other .
It will be screened within the Natural World programme " Chimpcam " shown on BBC Two at 2000GMT on Wednesday 27 January .
Making the movie was the brainchild of primatologist Ms Betsy Herrelko , who is studying for a PhD in primate behaviour at the University of Stirling , UK .
Point and shoot with Chimpcam Over 18 months , she introduced video technology to a group of 11 chimpanzees living in a newly built enclosure at Edinburgh Zoo , UK .
The enclosure , which contains three large interlinked outdoor arenas , as well as a series of smaller rooms in which the apes can be studied by researchers , is the largest of its kind in the world .
Despite the fact that the chimps had never taken part in a research project before , they soon displayed an interest in film - making .
Ms Herrelko set the chimps two challenges .
The first was to teach the chimps how to use a touchscreen to select different videos .
By doing so , Ms Herrelko could investigate which types of images chimps prefer to watch .
The second challenge was to give the apes a " Chimpcam " , a recording camera housed in a chimp - proof box .
CHIMP TECHNOLOGY
Chimps both in captivity and the wild will spontaneously use tools
Some use wooden hammers to break open nuts , others use rocks , while many use varying styles of stick to fish for termites and honey Watch videos of chimps using tools here
On top of the box was a video screen that showed live images of whatever the camera was pointing at .
Initially , the chimps were more interested in each other than the video technology , as two male chimps within the study group vied to become the alpha male , disrupting the experiment .
But over time , some of the chimps learned how to select different videos to watch .
For example , the chimps could use a touchscreen to decide whether to watch footage of their outside enclosure , or the food preparation room , where zoo staff prepare the chimps ' meals .
The results still have to be analysed in detail , but it seems the chimps did not prefer to watch any of these images over the others .
Ms Herrelko is not sure why , but it could be that the images shown were too familiar to the chimps or because they have no way of asking to see something different .
Then in the final the final stage of her work , she investigated what happened when she gave the Chimpcam to the whole group .
Watching wild relatives Gradually , the chimps started playing with the Chimpcam , carrying it around the enclosure .
The chimps soon became interested in the camera view screen on the Chimpcam box , watching what happened as they moved the Chimpcam around filming new images .
Overall , they were more interested in the Chipcam viewfinder than they were the touchscreen in the research room .
The apes are unlikely to have actively tried to film any particular subject , or understand that by carrying Chimpcam around , they were making a film .
However , the result , as well as providing new information on how chimps like to see the world , may yet go down in television history .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last Updated 1/22/2010 - Maintained By Conrad Barski- Licensed under GPLV3
Vijual Graph Layout Library For Clojure
Vijual is a graph layout engine conceptually similar to graphviz .
However , it uses different layout algorithms , creating graphs with a different aesthetic .
Vijual uses specialized algorithms for optimal rendering of trees , binary trees , directed , and undirected graphs .
Also , it has robust abilities for generating attractive ASCII graphs ( as well as traditional bitmap graphs ) making it well suited for debugging and exploratory programming directly from the Clojure REPL .
Vijual is still early in development .
Many of the algorithms in this library still have room for significant improvement -
Expect many changes to this library in the near future .
Installation
Vijual is easy to install through the use of leiningen and clojars .
To learn how to use leiningen refer to the documentation available at the leiningen home page .
Then , simply include [ vijual " 0.1.0 - SNAPSHOT " ] as a dependency in your project.clj to include this library in your programs .
You can also access the source of Vijual on github .
Namespaces
The Vijual namespace contains the layout code and ascii rendering pipeline .
The Vijual .
Graphical namespace draws in extra Java libraries to implement the bitmap image rendering pipeline .
Documentation / Gallery
draw - tree - Draws a tree to the console .
usage : ( draw - tree tree )
Large Example : ( Data from the " Tree of Life " Web Project )
- Draws a tree to the console .
Large Example : ( Data from the " Tree of Life " Web Project )
draw - tree - image - Draws a tree to a java Image .
Returns a newly created image .
usage : ( draw - tree - image tree )
( draw - tree - image [ [ : north - america [ : usa [ : miami ] [ : seattle ] [ : idaho [ : boise ] ] ] ] [ : europe [ : germany ] [ : france [ : paris ] [ : lyon ] [ : cannes ] ] ] ] )
Large Example : ( Data from the " Tree of Life " Web Project )
- Draws a tree to a java Image .
Returns a newly created image .
Large Example : ( Data from the " Tree of Life " Web Project )
draw - graph - Draws an undirected graph to the console .
Requires a list of pairs representing the edges of the graph .
Additionally , a separate map can be included containing node information mapped via the node ids in the edge list .
usage : ( draw - graph edges ) ( draw - graph edges nodes )
Large Example : ( Map of locations in Zork 1 )
- Draws an undirected graph to the console .
Requires a list of pairs representing the edges of the graph .
Additionally , a separate map can be included containing node information mapped via the node ids in the edge list .
Large Example : ( Map of locations in Zork 1 )
draw - graph - image - Draws an undirected graph to a java image .
Requires a list of pairs representing the edges of the graph .
Additionally , a separate map can be included containing node information mapped via the node ids in the edge list .
usage : ( draw - graph - image edges ) ( draw - graph - image edges nodes )
( draw - graph- image [ [ :a :b ] [ : b : c ] [ : c :d ] [ :a :d ] [ :e :f ] [ :a :f ] [ :g :e ] [ :d : e ] ] )
( draw - graph- image [ [ :a :b ] [ : b : c ] [ : c :d ] [ :a :d ] [ :e :f ] [ : a :f ] [ :g :e ] [ :d :e ] ] {:a " Upper Floor " :b " Lower Floor " :c " Garden " :d " Stairway " :e " Front Yard " :f " Basement " :g " Walk Way " } )
Large Example : ( Map of locations in Zork 1 )
- Draws an undirected graph to a java image .
Requires a list of pairs representing the edges of the graph .
Additionally , a separate map can be included containing node information mapped via the node ids in the edge list .
Large Example : ( Map of locations in Zork 1 )
draw - directed - graph - Draws an directed graph to the console .
Requires a list of pairs representing the edges of the graph .
Additionally , a separate map can be included containing node information mapped via the node ids in the edge list .
An effort is made to have majority of ' arrows ' in the graph move in a downward direction .
usage : ( draw - directed - graph edges ) ( draw - directed - graph edges nodes )
Large Example : ( Graph of Clojure classes
- Draws an directed graph to the console .
Requires a list of pairs representing the edges of the graph .
Additionally , a separate map can be included containing node information mapped via the node ids in the edge list .
An effort is made to have majority of ' arrows ' in the graph move in a downward direction .
Large Example : ( Graph of Clojure classes adopted from Chouser
draw - directed - graph- image - Draws an directed graph to a java image .
Requires a list of pairs representing the edges of the graph .
Additionally , a separate map can be included containing node information mapped via the node ids in the edge list .
An effort is made to have majority of ' arrows ' in the graph move in a downward direction .
usage : ( draw - directed - graph- image edges ) ( draw - directed - graph - image edges nodes )
Large Example : ( Graph of Clojure classes
- Draws an directed graph to a java image .
Requires a list of pairs representing the edges of the graph .
Additionally , a separate map can be included containing node information mapped via the node ids in the edge list .
An effort is made to have majority of ' arrows ' in the graph move in a downward direction .
Large Example : ( Graph of Clojure classes adopted from Chouser
draw - directional - acyclic - graph- Draws a DAG to the console or to a bitmap .
This function is not yet implemented .
When / if it becomes available , it will render a graph in a similar style to draw - tree , but allowing multiple parent links to children .
It will be less space efficient than draw - directional - graph , but will have a clearer indication of hierarchy .
It seems like we were doing these sobering projections last year .
And hoping that when this year rolled around , we would n't have to be doing the same sobering projections .
But here we are as the Stars are mired in 11th place in the West ... doing these same sobering projections .
As of right now , the Stars have a mark of 19 - 16 - 11 giving them 49 points through 46 games .
They have a winning percentage of .413 .
By comparison , last year 's team had a winning percentage of .439 .
The .413 winning percentage that Dallas has posted this season is the third worst winning percentage in the Western Conference .
Last year 's team finished with 83 points and 8 points out of a playoff spot .
This year 's team is on pace to finish with 87 points ... but still 8 points out of a playoff spot ( Detroit is on pace to get the 8th seed with 95 points , BTW ) .
Dallas has a point percentage of .532 ( 49 points out of a possible 92 points = .532 ) .
Or to point it another way , they 've picked up 1.064 points out of a possible two points per game .
Based on the point projections of the rest of the teams in the West , the Stars would need to increase their point percentage to .781 per game , or 1.566 just to even make the playoffs .
the playoffs .
And BTW , six teams are projected to hit the century mark , at least , for points .
As for the really sobering news ?
Follow the jump
SportsClubStats is a site that 's been around for a few years .
As sports stats nerd , it 's one of my favorite sites to visit because they compute playoff chances for every team in the NHL , NFL , MLB , NBA and a few other sports as well .
Even Motorsports !
In addition , you can also track your team 's playoff chances throughout the year .
Here 's a link to a full screen interactive graph for the Stars playoff chance projections throughout the year .
Keep in mind that early season results tend to skew the numbers quite a bit .
The further along you go on the season , the more accurate the results are .
As of today , they 've got the Stars chances of making the playoffs pegged at 12.6 percent .
A day after they beat the Red Wings 4 - 3 at home on December 19th , they were just a tad over the 50 % mark for the season .
And since the calendar year flipped over to 2010 , their chances have taken a nose dive .
Just to even get to a 50/50 proposition to make the playoffs according to SportsClubStats , the Stars would need to go 20 - 12 - 4 over their final 36 games .
And that would only get them to 93 points ... and 39 wins on the year .
And since 10 teams are projected to win at least 40 games ?
You get the picture .
And it 's not pretty .
Do you hate Apple news ?
Are you so bothered by stories about the Cupertino - based company that you feel the need to comment on each and every story about how bothered by stories about the Cupertino - based company you are ?
Do you lay awake at night , cold sweat beading down your forehead , dreading the morning when you 'll potentially see your favorite tech site writing about a new Apple product ?
Do you believe that Apple is 100 percent evil in every way ?
Well we 're here to help .
Due to the overwhelming demand of 16 commenters , we present to you the Apple - free Engadget !
Yes -- read all the hot news happening in the tech world without the upsetting presence of Apple - related stories .
Your dream is a reality ... so now you 'll have to find something else to complain about !
Read - Engadget , sans Apple news Subscribe - Engadget , minus the AppleP.S. -
You can change " apple " in the URL to whatever else you hate , too !
How to Make Khoya( Mava )
Recipe No 1 :
Use Full Cream Condensed milk which is available everywhere .
Put in Microwave 1 tin condensed milk with 2 tsp ghee and 2 tsp curd for 6 minutes .
Khoya is ready .
Recipe No 2 :
Melt 100 gm of unsalted butter in a heavy bottom pan , then add 3 pounds of Ricotta cheese and fry for sometime till it becomes smooth .
Then add 2 ½ cup of Carnation milk powder .
Stir until it becomes smooth and even .
Recipe No 3 :
In a bowl take 3 cups of full cream milk powder and 300 ml of thickened cream and can of condensed milk keep in microwave on high for 4 min then stir it then again keep it for 4 min stir it and your khoya is ready .
Recipe No 4 :
take two cup full of powder milk add sufficient water to be able to knead it into a smooth dough , add two teaspoons of ghee to this and continue to knead further .
It is important that the kneading be done well .
Steam this ball of dough for about ten minutes in any steamer .
It turns out better than freshly made khoya .
Virology lecture # 3 : Genomes and genetics
Download : .wmv ( 333 MB ) | .mp4 ( 75 MB )
Visit the virology W3310 home page for a complete list of course resources .
Business Success Services Overview
We Are Implementation Experts
What separates us from all the other Business Consulting & Business Coaching firms ?
We Plan and Consult for your Success , but most importantly , we help to Implement your Strategies for Success .
We measure and monitor the success of your strategies , making tweaks and changes along the way to ensure you receive the highest ROI for your given strategic initiative .
We are true experts in Implementation .
In the end , is n’t that what you want from your business consultant and business coach ?
True , measurable success …
We are a Results based consulting firm !
The Ultimate Business Success Package Includes :
Business Consulting and Business Coaching
Business Plan Services
Website Design & Development , SEO , and Internet Marketing
Pay Per Click Advertising
This is our very best business success package designed and implemented for the very best results , even in this post - recession , sluggish economy .
With this service offering , we offer a comprehensive solution no other consulting firm can match .
This solution will bring you the best results of all of our success services in one cohesive success strategy customized just for your needs and requirements .
Our Ultimate Business Success Customers achieve the highest levels of success within mere months of starting this unique service .
Check out the results we have produced for our Ultimate Success clients .
A Business Consultant and Business Coach can be the very best business investment you can make for your business .
A business consultant ’s fee should more than pay for itself when you implement the experienced advice of the consultant .
Entrepreneurs , executives and business owners are very busy working in their business so it is vital to have an experienced business consultant or business coach concentrate on how to operate better , and going forward , how to capture competitive advantage and increase profitability .
The diverse background and experience of a business consultant can give your business that added edge to out - smart and out - maneuver your competitors , while maximizing niche profitability and gaining more market share .
Frank Goley , the ABC lead business consultant and business coach , has many years experience helping companies to start , grow , turnaround and succeed .
Frank is author of the Business Success Guide .
For more information on how a business consultant or business coach can help your business be more profitable and the consulting processes employed , please see our article :
What a Business Consultant can do for a Business - An Inside View of the Consulting Process .
We offer several Business Consulting and Business Coaching services to meet most business needs and situations :
Sometimes businesses get in trouble and have a hard time finding their way out toward stabilization and success .
An experienced Business Turnaround Consultant and Turnaround Specialist can come in to a tough situation , consult with a company ’s executive team , directors , advisers , management and employees to determine a course of action and a turnaround plan to breath healthy life back into a company again .
Frank Goley , the ABC business turnaround consultant , has many years experience helping companies succeed and running successful companies .
He truly enjoys the challenge presented in a turnaround situation and determining the best courses of action for a successful company turnaround .
Frank is author of the Business Success Guide .
A Business Turnaround Plan is a company - wide initiative , and the turnaround specialist will bring on board a process to determine what is broke and specifically how to fix it .
The turnaround specialist is a business consultant who should have ample experience in tough business situations in a wide range of industries to be ultimately successful in developing and implementing a successful turnaround plan .
For more info , see our Business Turnaround Services .
Please see our article , Saving a Business in Trouble - Business Turnaround Strategy , to see what makes a successful business turnaround and what comprises a good turnaround process .
Internet Marketing , Search Engine Optimization ( SEO ) , and Website Design & Development are absolutely essential in today ’s business world .
Your website should be an extension of your company ’s business plan and strategic direction .
Your website is a direct reflection of who you are as a company and is the very best sales platform you have !
A website works tirelessly , 24 hours a day , to bring you business , but it needs to provide a prospect the right navigation and website experience , while also being visible among the millions of websites on the web .
ABC offers a very unique , all in one solution to a company ’s web design , development , SEO and marketing needs .
We can develop a strategic business plan and website in tandem , while maximizing the search engine optimization and the marketability of the website .
By merging the business planning and web development processes , a business is offered the very best strategic direction and marketing a website can accomplish .
Online market positioning is a requirement of every modern day business .
Is your current website , just sitting there and not making you any significant money ?
We can help to monetize your web properties !
For more about SEO and Online Marketing and the power of the web , please read our internet marketing articles : Cost Effective Online Marketing Strategies and SEO Strategies .
We offer two Web Success packages to meet most companies requirements and needs :
Business Plan Consulting and Business Plan Writing are core services of our business consulting company .
We know from experience why a business plan consultant , business plan writer and business planner are so important to a company ’s success .
Frank Goley , the ABC lead Business Plan Consultant , wrote his first business plans , marketing plans and strategic plans over 23 years ago .
Quickly Frank came to understand how important the business planning process is to a company , and why a business plan can be a fantastic road map to business success , when there are so many crucial decisions to be made and obstacles to overcome by an entrepreneur and business owner along the journey of a company ’s growth .
Frank has developed his experienced knowledge of business planning and running successful companies into a proven business planning process which he uses to work one on one with clients to produce the very best business plan for a particular company ’s goals .
This process has been tried and refined for over twenty years – it works !
Frank is author of a Business Planning Guide and Workbook .
Frank is assisted by an experienced team of MBA business plan consultants , business plan writers , business plan experts , and business plan designers to produce best in class business plans .
We develop and write business plans for funding purposes ( such as for venture capital , angel investors , banks , commercial finance , SBA funding , grant funding , micro funding , crowd funding ) .
We also develop business success plans to provide a company a predictable road map to success .
We can also develop joint venture business plans , as well as , project specific business plans .
Please refer to Frank ’s article on Writing an Effective Business Plan for more information on what should be in a business plan , a business plan ’s uses , and why a business plan is so vitally important to a company ’s success .
We offer four levels of business plan services to meet most budgets and objectives :
Types of Business Plans
Whether it is a Funding Business Plan or Business Success Plan , ABC has your business plan consulting solution !
ABC develops Comprehensive Business Plans , Funding Business Plans ( i.e. Angel Investor Plan , Lender / Bank Plan , SBA Plan , Venture Capital Plan ) , Business Turn Around Plans , Entry Level to Sophisticated Advanced Business Plans , and Specialized Business Plans , along with other types of Business Finance Plans and Packages to meet specific funding objectives .
All of our business plans include in - depth market and industry research and include sophisticated financial analysis and forecasting .
There are two types of Executive Summaries that we develop .
One type of executive summary is to summarize your business plan in 2 - 3 pages .
The other executive summary serves more as a mini- business plan and can be 5 - 7 pages in length .
Understanding how to write and use each to your business advantage is critical when raising funds , attracting new business relationships , trying to seal a deal with a new supplier partner , presenting an opportunity to a prospective joint venture partner , among many other important uses .
However , equally important is having a good business plan in place to run a successful business , and the executive summary is that quick look document that adeptly summarizes that success business plan and helps keep you and your key personnel on track for ultimate business success .
For more info , see our Executive Summary Service .
For more on what a good executive summary contains , along with its important uses , please read our article on How to Develop and Write an Effective Executive Summary .
A Marketing Plan is essential to a company ’s growth and success .
The ability to define profitable market niches within specific market segments , understanding how you will compete successfully for that business , putting together and testing targeted marketing programs , promotions and strategies , and having it all in a marketing strategy that meets your company ’s budget constraints , can be a daunting task .
A good marketing plan sets up the success of a company ’s sales , and gives its sales department and people the tools and opportunities to “ make it happen ” .
Quit guessing how to market and who to sell to .
By employing the use of a good marketing process you will find the very best avenues to pursue for your company ’s success , while minimizing your learning curve and costly marketing mistakes .
Our Marketing Plans include in - depth market and industry research .
Please see our article on Winning Marketing Plans for more information about what a good marketing plan contains , and what it can do for your business .
Strategic Plans and Strategic Planning are the heart of a company ’s success .
Why ?
A strategic plan puts into action a well thought out and thoroughly tested companywide strategy for success .
It is the heart of a company ’s success because it is an ACTION plan .
The Strategic Plan puts into motion what a business wants to accomplish , provides analysis of the risks , threats and opportunities , along with the company ’s strengths and weaknesses .
Post - analysis , the business can set realistic milestones toward achieving the goals of the strategic plan–action steps toward realization of the strategic plan and the company ’s ultimate success .
Another component of the strategic plan is the Sales Plan .
The sales plan lays out how the company ’s sales people or department will accomplish the goals set out in the strategic plan , providing meaningful milestones to measure success and problems in reaching those sales goals .
The strategic plan also provides the basis for constructing realistic financial projections so a company can adequately and in real time track progress or the lack thereof .
The strategic plan is the link in a company ’s business plan that converts the marketing plan ’s goals into actionable strategies which translate into realistic financial projections and models that provide useful tracking information on a company ’s journey toward planned success .
You can say that a strategic plan is the success link and key to a company ’s operations .
Need a Good Strategic Plan ?
Go to : Strategic Plan Service
Please see the ABC article on Strategic Planning for Business Success to discover what comprises a good strategic plan , and why strategic planning is so vitally important to a company ’s success .
The Investment / Investor Overview is used in conjunction with your Executive Summary to solicit interest from an Angel Investor or Venture Capital Firm about your Business Opportunity and to give the Investor the necessary facts about your opportunity so it can be quickly qualified and vetted .
The Venture Capital and Private Equity Process can be lengthy , but by providing the right documentation ( already prepared prior to your Funding Initiative ) from the beginning , you will significantly shorten the Venture Capital Funding process and receive the attention your deal deserves .
The Investment Overview can accompany your Executive Summary so the Investment Group can gather the right information about your Company , Product , People , Opportunity and Competitive Edge .
Frank Goley , the ABC principal business consultant , has a private equity background and has developed an Investor Overview process and format which can successfully help you retain funding .
An investor sees hundreds of deals in a month so you need to present an Investment Overview that attracts and retains attention .
Please see our article on How to Develop an Investment Overview for more information and see our Investment Overview Template for an example format .
Frank Goley , business consultant and business coach , has a long history of working in the business finance industry , and he knows the absolute necessity of a good Loan Package when a business is targeting bank and commercial finance , or even private equity finance .
A well prepared and presented Loan Package can be the difference between successful funding and not –the difference between good finance terms and expensive terms .
Often loan officers and investors receive documentation that is inappropriate , incomplete or improper for business finance needs .
Guess what happens ?
The deal gets pushed to the bottom of the pile at best and at worst , it is quickly written off .
A well prepared and presented Loan Package will give you the edge to close a good finance deal , on schedule , with the terms you require .
Please see our article , How to Prepare a Commercial Loan Package , to understand what needs to be in a Loan Package that will help you close the finance deal your company requires .
Also see our Loan Package Template to get a sense of the format we use .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Former US vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin has spoken at the first US Tea Party convention , urging a return to conservative principles .
Speaking in Nashville , Mrs Palin called President Obama 's 2011 budget " immoral " and said it would raise the US debt .
The year - old Tea Party movement includes many people who oppose Barack Obama 's plans for healthcare reform and the president 's stimulus package .
Mrs Palin said future generations would pay the cost if spending was not cut .
" It 's easy to understand why Americans are shaking their heads when Washington has broken trust with the people that these politicians are to be serving , " she told the convention .
' Drowning in debt '
When she warned that the US was " drowning in national debt , and many of us have had enough , " the former governor of Alaska was rewarded with a standing ovation .
I am a big supporter of this movement .
America is ready for another revolution and you are part of this
Sarah Palin
She also berated the Obama administration for focusing on adversaries of the US rather than its allies .
" We need a foreign policy that distinguishes America 's friends from her enemies , and recognises the true nature of the threats that we face , " Mrs Palin said .
She praised the leaderless , bottom - up approach of the Tea Party movement , saying its success had Washington politicians running scared .
" I am a big supporter of this movement , " she said , and added - in a nod to the Tea Party 's name , a reference to a famous protest against British colonial rule : " America is ready for another revolution and you are part of this " .
Congress goal Barely a year old , the Tea Party gained influence during the acrimonious US healthcare reform debate .
TEA PARTY
The movement takes its name from the 1773 protest against British taxation , the Boston Tea Party American colonists rebelled against attempts by Britain to impose parliamentary taxes on them without allowing the colonists representation in the British parliament
The modern - day Tea Party is described as a grassroots movement that supports limited government and opposes high government spending
The informal movement is unified against President Barack Obama 's healthcare proposals , his economic stimulus package and other aspects of his agenda Members , gathered from state - level Tea Parties , complain that big spending to stimulate the economy is being wasted in Washington and on Wall Street while small - town America has to tighten its belt .
And the coalition of disaffected conservatives is undoubtedly growing in influence - its endorsement of Republican Scott Brown helped his election last month as Massachusetts senator , says the BBC's Madeleine Morris , attending the Nashville event .
Our correspondent says that movement 's organisers have announced the formation of a political action committee , with funds of $ 10 m , whose goal will be to get up to 20 conservative candidates into Congress in November 's mid-term congressional elections .
There has been controversy over the use of paid lobbyists and PR companies at the conference and Mrs Palin 's appearance fee : reported to be as much as $ 100,000 .
Some activists have also complained about the $ 500 ( £ 317 ) registration fee for the Nashville conference .
But in an opinion piece published on USA Today website ahead of the conference Mrs Palin said she would not benefit financially from speaking at the event .
Instead she said she was motivated only by her " goal [...] to support the grassroots activists who are fighting for responsible , limited government - and our constitution " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Flapjacks
The oats in Flapjacks are a slow release energy food and so they ’ll keep kids going on busy days but they also contain quite a lot of sugar and so should be eaten in moderation and as a treat .
Flapjacks are an ideal snack food and also great for the little one ’s lunchboxes as a treat on school days .
This is a very popular recipe and the Flapjacks are delicious and incredibly moreish so be warned !
They are also really easy to make and you and the kids can have great fun in the kitchen cooking these .
A team of researchers announced a surprising discovery during a scholarly presentation in Toronto last Friday .
The research team , based at McMaster University in Hamilton , Canada , has been helping to excavate an ancient Roman cemetery at the site of Vagnari in southern Italy .
Led by Professor Tracy Prowse , they ’ve been analyzing the skeletons found there by performing DNA and oxygen isotope tests .
The surprise is that the DNA tests show that one of the skeletons , a man , has an East Asian ancestry – on his mother ’s side .
This appears to be the first time that a skeleton with an East Asian ancestry has been discovered in the Roman Empire .
However , it seems like this contact between east and west did not go well .
Vagnari was an imperial estate during this time .
The emperor controlled it and at least some of the workers were slaves .
One of the tiles found at Vagnari is marked “ Gratus ” which means “ slave ” of the emperor .
The workers produced iron implements and textiles .
The landscape around them was nearly treeless , making the Italian summer weather all the worse .
The man with East Asian ancestry may well have been a slave himself .
He lived sometime in the first to second century AD , in the early days of the Roman Empire .
Much of his skeleton ( pictured here ) has not survived .
The man ’s surviving grave goods consist of a single pot ( which archaeologists used to date the burial ) .
To top things off someone was buried on top of him - with a superior collection of grave goods .
Much of the cemetery has yet to be excavated , but indications so far suggest that his contemporaries were mostly local individuals .
Archaeologists have dug up 70 skeletons from the Vagnari cemetery and oxygen isotope tests have shown that more than 80 per cent of the people were born at or near this estate .
“ How this particular individual ended up down in Vagnari is an intriguing story and that ’s what makes this find very exciting , ” said team member Dr. Jodi Barta , who analyzed the DNA .
DNA Testing
The researchers determined his ancestry by analyzing his mitochondrial DNA – material that is passed down from mother to offspring .
As DNA is passed down from generation to generation there are mutations .
People who are related to each other will have similar changes – allowing researchers to put them into broad “ haplogroups , ” that tend to relate to geographical areas .
This technique has been used to map the spread of humans throughout the world .
The man found in the cemetery has DNA that belongs to what scientists called haplogroup D. “ The haplogroup itself has this East Asian origin , it ’s not something that ’s found in past European populations - the origin of this haplogroup is East Asia , ” said Dr. Barta .
This technique does have limitations .
Because it only tests DNA from his mother 's side , his paternal ancestry is not known .
The team also cannot say where specifically in East Asia his mum ’s ancestors are from .
There “ is absolutely no way that you can put that fine a point on it ” with the evidence at hand said Barta .
“ Unless we can extract nuclear DNA and add that to the line of evidence that we ’ve got , ” said Professor Prowse .
Also the scientists cannot say how recently he , or his ancestors , left East Asia .
He could have made the journey by himself , or it could be that a more distant ancestor , such as his great - grandmother , left the region long before he was born .
“ We have no way to put a clock on that , ” said Barta .
Trade Between China and Rome
At first glance it ’s tempting to link this fellow to the silk trade that flourished between China and Rome .
The trade picked up during the 1st century BC , with traders following an arduous 8,000 kilometre route across Central Asia .
However , while the silk was made in China , it ’s generally believed that the people who plodded this route were intermediaries .
In fact there is not much evidence that anyone from China , or the areas nearby , ever got to Italy in ancient times .
Dr. Raoul McLaughlin , of Queens University Belfast , has studied ancient Sino - Roman relations and wrote in the publication History Today that -
“ The surviving Classical sources suggest that the Romans knew very little about the ancient Chinese .
Most of what they knew came in the form of rumours gathered on distant trade ventures . ”
Adding , “ as far as we are aware , they never realized that on the edge of Asia there was a vast state equivalent in scale and sophistication to their own . ”
There are references , however , to a people called the “ Seres ” whom some scholars believe could be Han Chinese or people from nearby areas .
Plinius 's association between the Seres and silk production adds weight to that theory .
He wrote : ' Send out as far as to the Seres for silk stuff to apparel us ' .
Strabo also wrote about the Seres , describing their incredible longevity : " The Seres who , they say , are long - lived , and prolong their lives even beyond two hundred years " .
According to Florus , embassadors came from this land to meet Augustus .
It seems unlikely that the man found at Vagnari was any kind of embassador – if he was why would he be working on an imperial estate ?
Did he make a really bad impression on Augustus ?
I asked both Prowse and Barta if they knew of any other skeletons with East Asian ancestry near Rome .
They both said that they do n’t .
“ Most of the research that has been done ... is really related to early population development , such as humans out of Africa , the migrations of humans from Asia to North and South America , ” said Professor Prowse .
“ To my knowledge I do n’t know of any specific example of this kind of haplogroup . ”
Prowse is hopeful that more DNA research will come out as people realize its value .
SHANGHAI / BEIJING ( Reuters ) -
They are cloaked by pseudonyms and multiple addresses , but China ’s legions of hackers were thrust into the spotlight last week after Google said it suffered a sophisticated cyber - attack emanating from China .
A man walks past the logo of Google China outside its company headquarters in Beijing , January 20 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Barry Huang
There are tens of thousands of Hong Ke , or red visitors , as they are known in China .
Many are motivated by patriotism , although it is more difficult to establish their relationship with the Chinese government or military , which some experts suspect as being behind the attacks .
The Honker Union , China ’s most famous group of Hong Ke , shows the grey area between patriotic hackers and the state .
The group has denied involvement in the Google attack .
“ The Honker Union ... has no interest in getting involved in politics .
We work only for the security of Chinese websites , ” one of its core members , Lyon , said in a telephone interview .
Lyon , his hacker handle , is the head of a department in a major state - owned telecommunications firm and declined to disclose his real name .
Founded in 2001 , it was involved in cyber - warfare with U.S. hackers over the Hainan spy plane incident in 2001 and last week attacked Iranian websites in retaliation for the Iranian Cyber Army ’s temporary takeover of Chinese search engine Baidu .
“ It is pretty clear that many Chinese hackers are motivated by patriotism , ” said Trevor T , the pseudonym of an American who helps run Dark Visitor , a U.S. - based blog about Chinese hackers .
“ China may not be where the U.S. is militarily , but it clearly has invested a lot of brainpower in developing capabilities that can offset the U.S. advantage in force - on - force conflict , ” he said .
Google announced last week that a “ sophisticated ” attack coming from China resulted in the theft of its intellectual property .
It cited the hacking episode , as well as censorship , as reasons it may leave China .
Google did not specify how it knew the attacks came from China , or why it and an estimated 34 other companies were targeted .
Cyber experts say source codes may have been the prize .
SO YOU WANT TO BE A HACKER ?
The popularity of hacking in China , and hackers ’ use of multiple addresses and servers , in Taiwan and elsewhere , makes it hard to prove how or by whom they are coordinated .
Would - be hackers in China do n’t have to look far to figure out how to do it , thanks to a healthy hacking industry .
For $ 150 , a keen student can buy all the modules online , from programing Trojans to evading anti-virus programs .
Tutors are available via instant - messaging and interactive tutorials .
The market for malware in China includes a software known as Grey Pigeon , originally designed to remotely control users ’ own computers , that turned out to be an ideal tool for hacking .
Grey Pigeon ’s homepage says it was discontinued in 2007 , because of rampant misuse for illegal activities , but the 2010 version of Grey Pigeon is easily found for sale online in China .
That market helps hackers quickly exploit any opening .
“ Malware groups out of China have been very quick to adopt zero - day exploits , ” software flaws for which there is no patch , said Nart Villeneuve , chief research officer at SecDev.cyber .
“ They may be operating independently but there may be some sort of market for selling the information that they get . ”
Some Chinese hackers train at schools like the Communication Command Academy in Wuhan to get sensitive information , cyber expert James Mulvenon told a congressional commission in 2008 .
China now may have up to 50,000 military hackers trained or in training , he said .
This could not be independently confirmed .
“ Who is most likely to become the leading protagonist ... of the next war ?
The first challenger who has appeared and is the most well known is the computer ‘ hacker ’ , ” two People ’s Liberation Army ( PLA ) colonels , Qiao Liang and Wang Xiangsui , wrote in a 1999 book , “ Unrestricted Warfare . ”
Developing countries can beat more developed countries with war tactics that transcend boundaries , they argued .
“ We urgently need to expand our field of vision regarding forces which can be mobilized , in particular non-military forces , ” they wrote .
One of the best documented , and coordinated , hacking attacks out of China was reported last year .
It took place against exiled Tibetans , an attack that seemed motivated by politics , not profit .
“ It ’s the political connection that many use to provide the link to the Chinese government , ” Villeneuve said .
Similar attacks have targeted foreign reporters in China , and individuals and groups pushing for greater human rights .
Nate Silver shows that most of the individual parts of health insurance reform are very popular :
What we see is that most individual components of the bill are popular -- in some cases , quite popular .
But awareness lags behind .
Only 61 percent are aware that the bill bans denials of coverage for pre-existing conditions .
Only 42 percent know that it bans lifetime coverage limits .
Only 58 percent are aware that it set up insurance exchanges .
Just 44 percent know that it closes the Medicare donut hole -- and so on and so forth .
Some people are into cars .
Some people dig the ocean .
Aziz Inan , a professor of electrical engineering at the University of Portland in Oregon , loves numbers .
“ I can relate to them , ” Inan said .
“ Each number has its own personality . ”
With this adoration in mind , consider today , Jan. 2 , 2010 .
The day is a palindromic date , meaning the number can be read the same way in either direction : 01-02-2010 .
There will be 12 palindromic days this century , Inan said , and today is the second .
The first was 10 - 02-2001 .
( His complete list is here . )
A native of Istanbul , Inan creates math puzzles in his spare time .
So it was a big day when he looked closely at his own name and saw a pattern .
His first and last names are both vowel - consonant - vowel - same consonant -- and , if you write the names in all caps , switch the vowels and turn one set of consonants 90 degrees , both names are the same .
“ I jumped in my chair , ” he said of the day two years ago when the connection hit him .
“ My parents had no idea . ”
Despite Inan ’s excitement about numbers , he dismisses the notion that mysticism and magic are connected to such dates .
He does n’t , for example , fear Dec. 21 , 2012 , the date the Mayan “ Long Count ” calendar marks as the end of a 5,126 - year era .
Some folks think the date portends a revolution or an apocalypse .
Jan. 2 , 2010 , and Dec. 21 , 2012 , he said , just happen to be really cool dates .
solkon@tribune.com
The Mengshan Buddha is similiar to this one at Yungang , also in Shanxi
China 's oldest cliff - carved Buddha statue is to be saved from collapse , with a $ 10.8 m ( £ 6.6 m ) facelift , a state - run news agency has reported .
Found by a farmer in 2005 , the 1,459 - year - old statue was carved on Meng Mountain near Taiyuan , Shanxi province .
But the huge form was now in danger of collapsing into abandoned coal mines , Xinhua news agency said .
Seven coal mines in the area had been closed in 2007 to protect the ancient stone statue , Xinhua said .
Photos of the statue that tourists have posted on websites show the massive form nestled on a steep , wooded hillside .
China 's Ministry of Land Resources said the mountain slopes would now be stabilised and cracks on the statue sealed .
Shanxi province produced almost a quarter of China 's coal , Xinhua said .
But the industry has caused major environmental damage .
People in the villages around the Buddha statue now hoped to attract more tourists to the site , an official in Taiyuan said .
Shanxi province is also home to the cliff Buddhas at Yungang , outside the city of Datong , another major coal - mining centre .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Scientists simulated the change from an ape - like hand to a human - like hand
Scientists may have solved the mystery of how human hands became nimble enough to make and manipulate stone tools .
The team reports in the journal Evolution that changes in our hands and fingers were a side - effect of changes in the shape of our feet .
This , they say , shows that the capacity to stand and walk on two feet is intrinsically linked to the emergence of stone tool technology .
The scientists used a mathematical model to simulate the changes .
Other researchers , though , have questioned this approach .
Campbell Rolian , a scientist from the University of Calgary in Canada who led the study , said : " This goes back to Darwin 's The Descent of Man .
The results are quite exciting
Paul O'Higgins
Hull York Medical School " [ Charles Darwin ] was among the first to consider the relationship between stone tool technology and bipedalism .
" His idea was that they were separate events and they happened sequentially - that bipedalism freed the hand to evolve for other purposes .
" What we showed was that the changes in the hand and foot are similar developments ... and changes in one would have side - effects manifesting in the other . "
Shape - shifting
To study this , Dr Rolian and his colleagues took measurements from the hands and feet of humans and of chimpanzees .
Their aim was to find out how the hands and feet of our more chimp - like ancestors would have evolved .
The researchers ' measurements showed a strong correlation between similar parts of the hand and foot .
" So , if you have a long big toe , you tend have a long thumb , " Dr Rolian explained .
" One reason fingers and toes may be so strongly correlated is that they share a similar genetic and developmental ' blueprint ' , and small changes to this blueprint can affect the hand and foot in parallel , " he said .
With this anatomical data , the researchers were able to create their mathematical simulation of evolutionary change .
Human ancestors and early humans crafted stone tools " We used the mathematical model to simulate the evolutionary pressures on the hands and feet , " Dr Rolian explained .
This model essentially adjusted the shape of the hands or the feet , recreating single , small evolutionary changes to see what effect they had .
By simulating this evolutionary shape - shifting , the team found that changes in the feet caused parallel changes in the hands , especially in the relative proportions of the fingers and toes .
These parallel changes or side - effects , said Dr Rolian , may have been an important evolutionary stem that allowed human ancestors , including Neanderthals , to develop the dexterity for stone tool technology .
Robin Crompton , professor of anatomy at the UK's Liverpool University , said the study was very interesting but also raised some questions .
" I am not personally convinced that the foot and hand of chimpanzees are a good model [ of human ancestors ' hands and feet ] - the foot of the lowland gorilla may be more interesting in this respect , " he told BBC News .
He pointed out that there was a lot more to the functional shape and biomechanics of the human foot than just its proportions .
Paul O'Higgins , professor of anatomy at the Hull York Medical School , UK , said : " The results are quite exciting and will doubtless spur further testing and additional work . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hey humans !
So Hastings was telling us the truth after all -- the Nintendo Wii will be joining the other two game consoles to stream Netflix starting some time in early Spring .
Like the PS3 , a special Netflix " instant - streaming " disc will be required for the Wii , and it goes without saying that HD 's out of the question since the Wii itself can't push above 480p .
There 'll be no additional fees beyond Netflix 's usual monthly subscription .
Time for a game of Mario Kart to celebrate , no ?
the Netflix sign - up page is now live !
[ Via Joystiq
Brian 's huge chordlist collection
Backtrace
/var/www/web/html/chordlist.fcgi/public/clist.fcgi:50:in `< main >'
/var/www/web/html/chordlist.fcgi/public/clist.fcgi:50:in `new ' /var/www/web/html/chordlist.fcgi/action/database.rb:9:in `initialize '
/var/www/web/html/chordlist.fcgi/public/clist.fcgi:59:in `block in < main >'
/usr/lib/ruby/1.9.1/fcgi.rb:609:in `each_cgi '
/usr/lib/ruby/1.9.1/fcgi.rb:609:in `each '
/usr/lib/ruby/1.9.1/fcgi.rb:612:in `block in each_cgi '
/var/www/web/html/chordlist.fcgi/public/clist.fcgi:128:in `block ( 2 levels ) in < main >'
/var/www/web/html/chordlist.fcgi/view/views.rb:92:in `display ' ( eval ) : 6: in `html '
/var/www/web/html/chordlist.fcgi/view/views.rb:99:in `block in display ' ( eval ) : 6: in `body '
/var/www/web/html/chordlist.fcgi/view/views.rb:110:in `block ( 2 levels ) in display ' ( eval ) : 12 : in `div '
/var/www/web/html/chordlist.fcgi/view/views.rb:116:in `block ( 3 levels ) in display ' ( eval ) : 26 :in `h2 '
undefined method `to_a ' for " Instrument " : String
Model
Instance Variables
@database
#< Database :0x8e44af0 >
@cgi
#< FCGI ::CGI:0x8c0d458 @request=#<FCGI:0x8c0e330 > , @options={:accept_charset= >" UTF - 8"} , @accept_charset= " UTF - 8 " , @multipart=false , @params={} , @cookies={} , @output_cookies=nil , @output_hidden=nil , @args = [ ] >
@args
" en "
@request_uri
" / en "
@user_agent
" newspaper/0.2.8 "
@params
{}
@sorting
:r
@language
:en
@view
:b
Inspect
#< Requests : : Index:0x8c0cd64 @database=#< Database:0x8e44af0 > , @cgi=#<FCGI ::CGI:0x8c0d458 @request=#<FCGI:0x8c0e330 > , @options={:accept_charset= >" UTF - 8"} , @accept_charset= " UTF - 8 " , @multipart=false , @params={} , @cookies={} , @output_cookies=nil , @output_hidden=nil , @args= [ ] > , @args = " en " , @request_uri= " / en " , @user_agent= " newspaper/0.2.8 " , @params={} , @sorting=:r , @language=:en , @view= : b>
View
Instance Variables
@__outstream
#< FCGI :: Stream:0x8c0e2cc >
@model
#< Requests : : Index:0x8c0cd64 @database=#< Database:0x8e44af0 > , @cgi=#<FCGI ::CGI:0x8c0d458 @request=#<FCGI:0x8c0e330 > , @options={:accept_charset= >" UTF - 8"} , @accept_charset= " UTF - 8 " , @multipart=false , @params={} , @cookies={} , @output_cookies=nil , @output_hidden=nil , @args= [ ] > , @args = " en " , @request_uri= " / en " , @user_agent= " newspaper/0.2.8 " , @params={} , @sorting=:r , @language=:en , @view= : b>
Inspect
#< Views : : Index:0x8c0c724 @__outstream=#<FCGI::Stream:0x8c0e2cc > , @model= #< Requests :: Index:0x8c0cd64 @database=#< Database:0x8e44af0 > , @cgi=#<FCGI ::CGI:0x8c0d458 @request=#<FCGI:0x8c0e330 > , @options={:accept_charset= >" UTF - 8"} , @accept_charset= " UTF - 8 " , @multipart=false , @params={} , @cookies={} , @output_cookies=nil , @output_hidden=nil , @args= [ ] > , @args = " en " , @request_uri= " / en " , @user_agent= " newspaper/0.2.8 " , @params={} , @sorting=:r , @language=:en , @view= :b >>
Outstream
Content - Type : text / html Content - Length : 3405
PRINCETON , NJ -- Americans ' views of Barack Obama 's handling of terrorism remain closely divided , but mark a slight improvement from before the Christmas Day bombing attempt , with more Americans now approving than disapproving of how he is handling the issue .
" While Obama 's approval rating on terrorism has inched up , his approval ratings for handling the economy and healthcare have declined slightly since they were last measured in late November . "
Prior to Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab's alleged attempt to blow up a Northwest Airlines flight headed for Detroit on Christmas Day , 45 % of Americans approved and 47 % disapproved of Obama 's handling of terrorism .
Now those who approve outnumber those who disapprove by 49 % to 46 % , according to the Jan.
8-10 USA Today / Gallup poll .
Both recent ratings are down from Gallup 's initial reading of Obama 's handling of terrorism from May , when 55 % of Americans approved .
The May reading came at a time when Obama 's overall job approval rating was in the low 60 % range , compared to his current ratings near 50 % .
While Obama 's approval rating on terrorism has inched up , his approval ratings for handling the economy and healthcare have declined slightly since they were last measured , in late November .
His current 40 % approval rating on the economy and 37 % rating on healthcare are the lowest of his presidency to date .
The latter number is of some concern as the president and Congress work toward final legislation on healthcare reform , which could be ironed out later this month .
The public is currently divided on this legislation , and the president 's leadership may be needed to bridge the gap between House and Senate Democrats while Obama tries to gain greater public backing for the reforms .
The new poll also finds Americans evenly divided at 47 % on Obama 's handling of foreign affairs more generally .
The 47 % approving is down from the prior reading in August , and follows the same general trajectory seen in his overall approval rating and his approval rating on most issues .
A majority of Democrats approve of Obama on each of the four issues tested in the poll , ranging from 64 % on healthcare to 75 % on foreign affairs .
Republicans rate Obama poorly on all four issues , but better on terrorism than on the other three .
Independents give Obama better marks on terrorism and foreign affairs than on the economy and healthcare , though all fall below the majority level .
Bottom Line
President Obama 's response to the Christmas Day bombing attempt -- including a review of the incident and the government 's inability to prevent it , and the outlining of new steps designed to prevent a similar occurrence -- seems to have had a marginally positive effect on Americans ' views of how he is handling the terrorism issue .
Though voters regarded Obama as being stronger on domestic issues than on international matters as a candidate , as president , Obama is rated better to date for his handling of international matters like terrorism and foreign affairs than for his handling of the economy and healthcare , today 's key domestic issues .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,023 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted Jan. 8 - 10 , 2010 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±4 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
From the deliberate shock and awe of Modern Warfare 2 to Rocksteady 's uniquely stylish distillation of the Batman mythos , 2009 was a year that brought us a lot of intense video - game experiences .
But none featured more visceral excitement , stunning visuals , and uncontainable momentum than our pick for Game of the Year .
Game of the Year , 2009
Part of the appeal for Uncharted 2 is that there 's no gimmick , no hook -- the appeal is that this is a very excellently crafted game experience .
It 's fun to play and a pleasure to look at .
But that 's awfully reductive , so let 's get into what it is , specifically , about Uncharted 2 that makes it our game of the year .
First off , there 's your main character , Nathan Drake .
Despite his incredible , preternatural physical abilities , Nathan Drake is no superhero .
He is , for all intents and purposes , a dude in a t- shirt .
A dude in a t - shirt who just so happens to be racing around the globe in search of an artifact of supernatural significance , juggling an exceptionally evil Eastern European heavy and some duplicitous companions with their own agendas , while dodging a near - constant hail of gunfire , falling buildings , and helicopters .
Considering the incredible situation he 's gotten himself into , it 's impressive that he 's able to come off as Average Joe as he does , but it 's a key part of the character 's appeal , and the game 's overall success .
That the first time you see Nathan he 's sitting on a wrecked train with a bullet in his gut reinforces that this guy is incredibly fallible , which brings a sense of danger to everything he does , despite his actual resilience and the infinite opportunities the game affords you to try and try again .
Nolan North , who provides Nathan 's voice , deserves much credit for establishing the tone for a character that does n't quite know what he 's doing , but is going to do it anyway , hoping for the best .
Uncharted 2 is also an absolutely gorgeous - looking game , the best we 've seen in 2009 , which puts it very high in the running for best - looking game of all time .
The colorful , exotic environments are rich with detail , and the game 's pacing is so relentless that you never linger in one place long enough to even begin trying to pick at it .
A combination of performance capture and crazy technology that we have little hope of understanding produce character animation that impresses simply by looking natural in a way that few games would even know how to approach , let alone have the technical skill to actually pull it off .
Uncharted 2 aims for a look that 's just on Hollywood side of real with its world and its characters , which it pulls off while deftly avoiding the uncanny valley .
It says a lot that the game is able to pull of subtle stuff like convincing facial animation and realistic - looking hair just as capably as it is a breakneck chase sequence or a fight with a helicopter .
It 's one hell of a production , but Uncharted 2 is n't just about shiny things , it 's got a real tactile feel to all of the running , jumping , climbing , and shooting that you 'll engage in .
And this is all to speak nothing of the game 's highly credible co-op and competitive multiplayer modes , which leverage both the strength of the shooting and traversal mechanics which are the backbone of Uncharted 2's single - player experience .
Too often do we see single - player games paired up with an afterthought of a multiplayer game , or vice versa , but Uncharted 2 nails it with both , and without ever compromising the tone of the game .
Uncharted 2 : Among
Thieves is the total package , a crowd - pleasing thrill ride that 's incredibly difficult to put down and remarkably easy to recommend without ever feeling like it 's pandering to the lowest - common denominator .
It 's funny , it 's exciting , it 's beautiful , it 's nerve - wracking , and it 's our 2009 game of the year .
Runner - Up : Batman : Arkham Asylum
Fossil footprints discovered in Poland have put back the date for the first ' tetrapods ' or four - legged animals by 18 m years .
Evolutionary biologist Per Ahlberg explains the find .
Video courtesy of Nature .
The oldest footprints of four - legged creatures ever discovered have forced scientists to reconsider a critical period in evolution : the point at which fish crawled out of the water onto land to evolve into reptiles , mammals and eventually humans .
The " hand " and " foot " prints are 18 m years older than the earliest , previously confirmed fossil remains of " tetrapods " or four - legged vertebrates and were left by lizard - like creatures up to 2.5 metres long .
The discovery , reported in tomorrow 's issue of the journal Nature , was made in a former quarry in the Holy Cross Mountains in south - eastern Poland .
The fossil footprints can be reliably dated to the early Middle Devonian period , around 395 million years ago .
Philippe Janvier of the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle in Paris said the finding was as significant as " the first footprint of Neil Armstrong on the moon " and described its effect as akin to " lobbing a grenade " into the previous consensus of when the shift from water to land occurred .
Until now , experts had believed that the earliest tetrapod fossils , traced to about 375 million years ago , had split from their fishy ancestors a few million years earlier and then gone on to conquer the land .
" These prints push back the divergence of fish and four - legged vertebrates by almost 20 million years , " said Janvier .
" The evolutionary tree as we consider it now remains the same , but the timing of the tree changes . "
Tetrapods are thought to have evolved from a family of fish known as elpistostegids , which had a similar body and head shape to tetrapods , but paired fins rather than four feet .
However , the footprint tracks are 10 million years older than the oldest elpistostegid body fossils .
They suggest that the fossil elpistostegids were late - surviving relics rather than transitional forms .
Janvier , who said he is convinced that no animal other than an " elusive tetrapod " could have left such imprints , said : " It 's really the first evidence we have of an animal with legs and digits walking on land at that time . "
The paper 's co-author , Professor Per Ahlberg from Uppsala University in Sweden , describes several tracks of different sizes and characteristics as well as a number of isolated prints around 15 cm wide .
There are distinct " hand " and " foot " prints , with no evidence of a dragging body or tail , because the animals ' body weight would have been partly supported by water .
Ahlberg and his co-authors , mainly from the Polish Geological Institute in Warsaw , say their findings highlight how little we know of the earliest history of land vertebrates .
They write that the prints " force a radical reassessment of the timing , ecology and environmental setting of the fish - tetrapod transition , as well as the completeness of the body fossil record " .
The prints will further " shake up " scientific thinking over human origins , said Janvier , because they show tetrapods thrived in the sea , which is at odds with the long - held view that river deltas and lakes were the necessary environment for the transition from water to land during vertebrate evolution .
" The closest elpistostegids were probably contemporaneous with these tracks , " he said .
" We now have to invent a common ancestor to the tetrapods and elpistostegids . "
Jenny Clack , a palaeontologist at Cambridge University , echoed Janvier 's belief that the findings would force scientists to re-examine their beliefs about the timing of the transition to land .
" It blows the whole story out of the water , so to speak , " she said .
Clack added that it may also give pause for thought over what drove fish from water to land in the first place .
Some theorised that tetrapods originally went ashore to lay their eggs out of reach of aquatic predators , or that their ancestors grew legs to scurry from pool to pool .
She had favoured the notion that fish emerged from oxygen - deprived waters in order , quite literally , to catch their breath .
None of those theories was supported by the Polish find , she said .
• This article was amended on 7 January 2010 .
The original referred to a Cambridge palaeontologist as Jenny Clark .
This has been corrected .
Skullcandy has made quite a name for itself in the headphone world , thanks largely to its focus on funky fashion and durable designs aimed at extreme - sports enthusiasts .
Indeed , the company is known for a variety of things , and we seriously doubt you 'll find subtlety among them .
If ever a product could illustrate this point , it 's the Skullcandy Smokin ' Buds earphones ( $ 30 ) , with an in - your - face name worthy of their loud design .
As we 've come to expect from the company 's earbuds , these ' phones are n't terribly impressive in terms of sound quality , but they do offer a solid array of compelling features for the price .
Teens and tweens will no doubt be more than satisfied with this set .
To be frank , the Smokin ' Buds would n't be Skullcandy earphones if they did n't come in a plethora of crazy color combos .
Here , you can choose from 22 varieties , including a relatively mild all - black version , a Jamaican flag - worthy Rasta configuration , and an ever - so - slightly marked - up ( $ 32 ) Paul Frank model with a dual - toned cable .
It 's worth noting that the cords are cloth - coated and exceptionally thick , earning the earphones points in the durability arena .
A short way down the left cable , you 'll find an integrated mic with a call answer / end button for use with the iPhone or other music phones .
Skullcandy also includes a volume slider farther down the cord , which is another nice offering at this price point .
There 's also a drawstring pouch in the package for storing the earphones .
The earpieces of the Smokin ' Buds are fairly typical : rather small and made of cheap plastic , with a " C " hook that attaches the ' buds to the arm .
One ' bud features a skull logo , while the other spells out the brand name in its entirety .
Skullcandy includes three silicone ear sleeves in a variety of sizes to help with fit , but we had some problems there .
The smallest size did n't form enough of a seal with our ear to produce the desired low - end response , and the medium size was too large and did n't fit comfortably .
As for audio quality in general , the Smokin ' Buds are n't going to blow you away .
Clarity and high - end detail suffer the most , and while the midrange has reasonable warmth to it , it 's far from the rich response we really crave .
The standout is the bass , and even that is mostly underwhelming , at times suffering from distortion .
Still , these earphones are only $ 30 , and they do sound better than stock earbuds .
Plus , they offer a durable , funky design that 's suitable for their teen audience , specifically those who are constantly active .
And we applaud Skullcandy for offering a built - in mic at this price range .
Less than one week after release , Google 's Nexus
One phone can be rooted by anyone for access to tethering and other killer apps .
The Android and Me blog has a helpful walkthrough of the unlocking process .
Advertisement
Photo by androidandme .
Rooting methods are always changing , especially with all the Android phones out there .
Check out our always up to date rooting guide for the most recent information on rooting your particular device .
Advertisement
There is n't a whole ecosystem of custom ROMs built for the Nexus One at this point , as there had been for the G1 when we rooted it for better performance and other goodies .
Still , Cyanogen himself has released a little add - on , an Android 2.1 SDK is just out for developers to play with , and by giving yourself su powers , you can install a lot of apps from the Market with more capabilities than the average package .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The video below walks through the basic steps of the process , but hit the link for a full run-down .
Advertisement
Got a Nexus
One and find yourself already itching to unlock it ?
Tell us your success stories or ( gulp ) bad experiences in the comments .
How to unlock and root a Nexus One [ Android and Me ]
Closing Guantanamo is emerging as a never - ending nightmare for President Barack Obama after he bowed to pressure and backed down from plans to try the accused 9/11 plotters in the heart of New York City .
One year after his landmark promise to shutter the controversial prison at the US naval base in Cuba , Obama has not only missed his self - imposed deadline , but his hands are ever - more tied by the political , legal and humanitarian headache he inherited from his predecessor , George W. Bush .
ADVERTISEMENT
His special envoy to close the site , Dan Fried , has traveled around the world and found only a small handful of countries willing to take in detainees .
“ Everything about Guantanamo is hard , ” he acknowledged Wednesday .
Fried predicted the site would close during Obama ’s first term , which ends in January 2013 — a far less ambitious deadline than the president ’s vow to shutter the prison by January 22 , 2010 .
More than half of the 192 inmates still at Guantanamo are set to be repatriated or released to third countries .
The site houses a variety of prisoners , ranging from a man arrested by mistake to the self - proclaimed mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 attacks .
Ever since the Guantanamo prison opened in 2002 , in the heat of the “ war on terror , ” a growing number of obstacles have blocked its path to closure , including a political firestorm over housing the detainees on US soil and the influence of Al - Qaeda in the home countries of detainees that could be released .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ca n’t say definitively that Guantanamo is not going to shut but I do n’t see it happening in the next couple of years , ” Human Rights Watch counterterrorism adviser Stacy Sullivan told AFP .
John Bellinger , who was an adviser to former secretary of state Condoleeza Rice , predicted Obama would be unable to shutter Guantanamo this year , “ and possibly not even ” during the next three years .
“ Politically , gun-shy Democratic majorities are unlikely to vote to move the Guantanamo detainees into the United States during an election year , and may be unwilling to do so at all , ” said Bellinger , an expert at the Council on Foreign Relations think - tank .
ADVERTISEMENT
Democrats are bracing for bruising losses in November ’s mid-term elections .
Congress passed a bill in June that bars the transfer of any Guantanamo detainee to the United States except for trial .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama administration has announced its intention to purchase a federal prison in Illinois to house around 50 detainees deemed too dangerous to release and who cannot be tried due to tainted or insufficient evidence .
On top of needing a reversal from lawmakers fearful of losing their seats in Congress , the White House will also have to contend with “ a lot of opposition to holding people indefinitely in Illinois as opposed to holding them indefinitely in Guantanamo , ” Sullivan said .
“ What ’s the point ?
You would just be moving Guantanamo in the US , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last week , dozens of veterans of the US - led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan wrote to Obama to decry “ the hysteria permeating the public debate around these issues . ”
They pointed to the Obama administration ’s decision to halt the transfers of any Yemeni detainees to the Arabian Peninsula country , even though they make up around half the prison population at Guantanamo .
The move came after a narrowly avoided Christmas Day attack , when a young Nigerian allegedly trained by an Al - Qaeda branch in Yemen tried to blow himself up aboard a US - bound airliner with nearly 300 people aboard .
“ We stand ready to support you as you work to close the Guantanamo prison facility and bring terrorist suspects to justice , ” the veterans wrote .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Doing so will make Americans more secure on the battlefield , in the skies and on our own soil . ”
So , we want to go to the Moon .
Why ?
Because the Moon is an ideal “ staging post ” for us to accumulate materials and manpower outside of the Earth ’s deep gravitational well .
From the Moon we can send missions into deep space and ferry colonists to Mars .
Tourists may also be interested in a short visit .
Mining companies will no doubt want to set up camp there .
The pursuit of science is also a major draw .
For what ever reason , to maintain a presence on this small dusty satellite , we will need to build a Moon base .
Be it for the short - term or long - term , man will need to colonize the Moon .
But where would we live ?
How could we survive on this hostile landscape ?
This is where structural engineers will step in , to design , and build , the most extreme habitats ever conceived …
Manned missions to Mars take up a lot of the limelight insofar as colonization efforts are concerned , so it ’s about time some focus is aimed at the ongoing and established concepts for colonization of the Moon .
We currently have a means of getting there ( after all , it is nearly 40 years ago since Apollo 11 ) and our technology is sufficiently advanced to sustain life in space , the next step is to begin building …
In this first installment of “ Building a Moon Base ” , we look at the immediate issues facing engineers when planning habitats on a lunar landscape .
“ Building a Moon Base ” is based on research by Haym Benaroya and Leonhard Bernold ( “ Engineering of lunar bases ” )
The debate still rages as to whether man should settle on the Moon or Mars first .
Mars is often considered to be the ultimate challenge for mankind : to live on a planet other than Earth .
But looking down on us during cloudless nights is the bright and attainable Moon .
From here we can see the details of the lunar landscape with the naked eye , it is so close astronomically when compared with the planets , that many believe that the Moon should be our first port of call before we begin the six month ( at best ) voyage to the Red Planet .
It also helps as we ’ve already been there …
Opinion has shifted somewhat in recent years from the “ Mars Direct ” plan ( in the mid-1990s ) to the “ Moon First ” idea , and this shift has recently been highlighted by US President George W. Bush when in 2004 he set out plans for re-establishing a presence on the Moon before we can begin planning for Mars .
It makes sense ; many human physiological issues remain to be identified , plus the technology for colonization can only be tested to its full extent when … well … colonizing .
Understanding how the human body will adapt to life in low - G and how new technologies will perform in a location close enough to home will be not only be assuring to lunar colonists and astronauts , it will also be sensible .
Exploring space is dangerous enough , minimizing the risk of mission failure will be critical to the future of manned exploration of the Solar System .
So where do you start when designing a moon base ?
High up on the structural engineers “ to do ” list would be the damage building materials may face when exposed to a vacuum .
Damage from severe temperature variations , high velocity micrometeorite impacts , high outward forces from pressurized habitats , material brittleness at very low temperatures and cumulative abrasion by high energy cosmic rays and solar wind particles will all factor highly in the planning phase .
Once all the hazards are outlined , work can begin on the structures themselves .
The Moon exerts a gravitational pull 1/6th that of the Earth , so engineers will be allowed to build less gravity - restricted structures .
Also , local materials should be used where and when possible .
The launch costs from Earth for building supplies would be astronomical , so building materials should be mined rather than imported .
Lunar regolith ( fine grains of pulverized Moon rock ) for example can be used to cover parts of habitats to protect settlers from cancer - causing cosmic rays and provide insulation .
According to studies , a regolith thickness of least 2.5 meters is required to protect the human body to a “ safe ” background level of radiation .
High energy efficiency will also be required , so the designs must incorporate highly insulating materials to insure minimum loss of heat .
Additional protection from meteorite impacts must be considered as the Moon has a near - zero atmosphere necessary to burn up incoming space debris .
Perhaps underground dwellings would be a good idea ?
The actual construction of a base will be very difficult in itself .
Obviously , the low - G environment poses some difficulty to construction workers to get around , but the lack of an atmosphere would prove very damaging .
Without the buffering of air around drilling tools , dynamic friction will be amplified during drilling tasks , generating huge amounts of heat .
Drill bits and rock will fuse , hindering progress .
Should demolition tasks need to be carried out , explosions in a vacuum would create countless high velocity missiles tearing through anything in their path , with no atmosphere to slow them down .
( You would n’t want to be eating dinner in an inflatable habitat during mining activities should a rock fragment be flying your way … )
Also , the ejected dust would obscure everything and settle , statically , on machinery and contaminate everything .
Decontamination via air locks will not be efficient enough to remove all the dust from spacesuits , Moon dust would be ingested and breathed in – a health risk we will not fully comprehend until we are there .
“ Building a Moon Base ” is based on research by Haym Benaroya and Leonhard Bernold ( “ Engineering of lunar bases “ )
See also :
Lunar Base Quarterly ( LBQ )
Lunarpedia.org
Moon Society
For although the new apparatus is much better at collecting information , it also seems to have been overwhelmed by the sheer volume of data now available .
So when Abdulmutallab 's father reported his concerns about his son's radicalisation to the CIA station chief at the embassy in Nigeria , his name was added to more than 550,000 already on the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment ( Tide ) database at the NCTC .
I started using Sytropin HGH after a friend that I work out at the gym recommended it to me , I had been working out the same amount of time as them and I wasnâ€™t seeing any changes in my body , and I was seeing drastic changes in theirs .
They were always full of energy and recovered extremely quickly .
I went online and read about the product and ordered it for myself to see if it really worked and if it would work for me .
I started taking the product and after about 30 days I started to notice a difference in my workout and my muscles became more defined , I was actually starting to LOOK GREAT !
In my regimen before Sytropin HGH , I would get tired quick and wouldnâ€™t have the energy to work out as long as I wanted or as hard as I wanted to .
After taking Sytropin HGH
I am able to work out double the amount I was before , without the feeling of being worn out and tired .
I have gained the lean muscle that I wanted and Iâ€™ve been able to lose 6 lbs of body fat which to me is incredible !
You get all the benefits of a great body without all the harsh chemicals or injections .
It doesnâ€™t get any better than that .
I recommend Sytropin HGH to everyone I know and to everyone I meet , they all end up loving it and buying it on a regular basis .
What is even better is that Sytropin HGH backs up their product for a full 90 days which gives you enough time to try the product and see a change .
Give it a try , you have nothing to lose and everything to gain and once you see the results you will be so amazed and regret youâ€™ve been missing out on this product the whole time .
So stop wasting your money on products that say they will change your body and donâ€™t end up coming through with results .
Order Sytropin HGH from HERE
The Kallawaya tribe of Bolivia are experts in the use of medicinal plants
The death of the last speaker of an ancient language in India 's Andaman Islands highlights the fact that half of the world 's 7,000 languages are in danger of disappearing .
Linguist K David Harrison argues that we still have much to learn from vanishing languages .
My journey as a scientist exploring the world 's vanishing languages has taken me from the Siberian forests to the Bolivian Altiplano , from a McDonald 's in Michigan to a trailer park in Utah .
In all these places I 've listened to last speakers - dignified elders - who hold in their minds a significant portion of humanity 's intellectual wealth .
Boa
Sr , who died this week , was the last speaker of the 70 , 000 - year - old Bo Though it belongs solely to them and has inestimable value to their people , they do not hoard it .
In fact they are often eager to share it .
What can we learn from these languages before they go extinct ?
And why should we lift a finger to help rescue them ?
As the last speakers converse , they spin individual strands in a vast web of knowledge , a noosphere of possibilities .
They tell how their ancestors calculated accurately the passing of seasons without clocks or calendars .
How humans adapted to hostile environments , from the Arctic to Amazonia .
We imagine eureka moments taking place in modern laboratories or classical civilizations .
But key insights of biology , pharmacology , genetics , and navigation arose and persisted solely by word of mouth , in small , unwritten tongues .
Finally , this web of knowledge contains feats of human ingenuity - epics , myths , rituals - that celebrate and interpret our existence .
Pundits argue that linguistic differences are little more than random drift , minor variations in meaning and pronunciation that emerge over time ( the British say ' lorry ' , Americans ' truck ' ; Tuesday is CHEWS - day , for Brits , TOOZ - day for Americans ) .
THE LINGUISTS
The Linguists , a film featuring the work of Professor K David Harrison and colleague Gregory Anderson as they travel the world documenting the world 's vanishing tongues , was a hit at the Sundance Film Festival in 2008 .
Dr Harrison is a linguist at Swarthmore College , Pennsylvania , and director of research for the Living Tongues Institute for Endangered Languages .
Photo : Kris Krug
These reveal nothing interestingly different about our souls or minds , some claim .
But that 's like saying that the Pyramid of Cheops differs from Notre Dame Cathedral only by stone - cutting techniques that evolved randomly in different times and places ; revealing nothing unique in the ancient Egyptian or Medieval French imagination .
All cultures encode their genius in verbal monuments , while considerably fewer do so in stone edifices .
We might as well proclaim human history banal , and human genius of no value to our survival .
The fate of languages is interlinked with that of species , as they undergo parallel extinctions .
Scientific knowledge is comparable for both domains , with an estimated 80 % of plant and animal species unknown to science , and 80 % of languages yet to be documented .
But species and ecosystems unknown to science are well - known to local people , whose languages encode not only names for things , but also complex interrelations among them .
Packaged in ways that resist direct translation , this knowledge dissipates when people shift to speaking global tongues .
What the Kallawaya of Bolivia know about medicinal plants , how the Yupik of Alaska name 99 distinct sea ice formations , how the Tofa of Siberia classify reindeer .
Entire domains of ancient knowledge , only scantily documented , are rapidly eroding .
I have to talk to myself .
There 's nobody left to talk to , all the elders have passed on
Johnny Hill , Jr , Chemehuevi tribe , Arizona Linguistic survivors hold the fates of languages in their minds and mouths .
Johnny Hill , Jr of the Chemehuevi tribe of Arizona is a big , imposing man , but he instantly wins people over with his gentle humility .
Designated " last speaker " of Chemehuevi , Johnny achieved celebrity in the 2008 documentary film The Linguists .
Although he had never previously travelled far from his reservation or flown on an aeroplane , Johnny mesmerized film festival - goers with his life story .
Raised by his grandmother who spoke only Chemehuevi , Johnny learned English at school seeking a path out of isolation .
At the other end of his lifespan , Johnny finds himself linguistically isolated once again .
" I have to talk to myself , " he explains resignedly .
" There 's nobody left to talk to , all the elders have passed on , so I talk to myself ... that 's just how it is . "
Johnny has tried to teach his children and others in the tribe .
" Trouble is , " he sighs , " they say they want to learn it , but when it comes time to do the work , nobody comes around . "
Speakers react differently to loss - from indifference to despair - and adopt diverse strategies .
Some blame governments or globalization , others blame themselves .
Around the world , a growing wave of language activists works to revitalize their threatened tongues .
Positive attitudes are the single most powerful force keeping languages alive , while negative ones can doom them .
An archive picture of a clan leader welcoming a dignitary to one of the Torres Islands
Two dozen language hotspots have now been identified globally , and new technologies are being mobilised to the cause .
A Torres Straits ' Islander in Australia told me : " Our language is standing still , we need to make it relevant to today 's society .
We need to create new words , because right now we can't say ' computer ' . "
The lowly text message may lift obscure tongues to new levels of prestige , translated software may help them cross the digital divide .
Hip - hop performed in threatened tongues , as I 've heard among young Aka speakers in India , infuses new vitality .
Language revitalisation will prove to be one of the most consequential social trends of coming decades .
This push - back against globalization will profoundly influence human intellectual life , deciding the fate of ancient knowledge .
What hubris allows us , cocooned comfortably in our cyber - world , to think that we have nothing to learn from people who a generation ago were hunter - gatherers ?
What they know - which we 've forgotten or never knew - may some day save us .
We hear their voices , now muted , sharing knowledge in 7,000 different ways of speaking .
Let 's listen while we still can .
K David Harrison is the author of the forthcoming book The Last Speakers : The Quest to Uncover the World 's Most Endangered Languages .
Here is a selection of your comments : I think the article is a very good reflector of the fact that people from around the world are far more busy in money making business than preserving their olden golden heritage of ancient languages .
This is especially true in India where most people live dreaming the veil illusions of Dollar & Pound and spend most of their precious time only after earning opportunities at the expense of the solid sacrifice of a very rich heritage of ancient indian languages like Sanskrit for example .
Even the Indian government does not seem to be putting sincere efforts in practice .
Shwetal Bhatt , Basingstoke
Only today I was looking around the internet for articles on data storage and retrieval in the future ( where we may no longer have the software codecs or hardware to read it ) and the idea of human language as a ' codec ' to knowledge began to interest me .
Then I found out about the Rosetta Project that is linking the two and that the first microetched Rosetta Disk they have produced is in fact an archive of over 1500 human languages .
To all those that may say " if only a handful are speaking it , it does n't matter " or " well just speak English then " , the key thing to take from this is that when a language dies , knowledge goes with it .
Just like losing information on how a computer file format is interpreted - the data is lost to you .
Anthony Cooper , Leamington Spa Deeply moved by this article as one who tries to keep alive the breton and the alsatian so - called " dialects " Keeping languages alive help us understands who we are .
Because I can breton I know what my name means , it derives from Vern marshy ground and izel low .
My ancestors lived in a marshy place , a swamp a low land .
Languages belong to mankind 's heritage .
Vernizeau , Colmar France
How ridiculous .
The purpose of language is to communicate .
If nobody speaks a language it has no purpose .
You might as well learn Klingon .
John , Beaumont , America
Some years ago I worked on a dramatisation of Laura Ingalls Wilder 's " Little House on the Prairie " for the Woman 's Hour serial on Radio 4 , for which we needed some dialogue in the Osage language .
Through the Smithsonian Institute in America I discovered that there were only five remaining speakers of this native American tongue : happily , through the Insitute , an accurate translation was obtained for the script .
I wonder if there are any Osage speakers remaining today ?
Jane Shepherd , Manchester Interestingly enough I 've just been in correspondence with my former Slavonic philology lecturer about the chances of the Sorbian ( spoken on part of the German - Polish border ) language surviving .
Who can tell ?
David Gatenby , Abingdon Certainly these languages should be recorded , if possible , but let 's not make this another component of White Liberal Guilt .
When languages die , it 's a tragedy , but it 's nobody 's fault .
Dying languages can be revived if the population want to speak them ; but it 's nobody 's business but theirs .
Alan Fisk , London , England 7,000 languages is 6,990 too many if you ask me .
Let them go .
Mike , Pembrokeshire Nice article and nicely put , raising the important issue over native and ancient languages .
The UK is no stranger to this : Gaelic ( Scots ) , Welsh , Cornish and Norn are languages that have either just survived or now have vanished .
Languages also provide a historical identity and can provide a different perspective to important events , often the losers point of view .
But as pointed out , languages only survive if they change with the times .
And they can be saved
Duncan Smallman , Edinburgh
What an extraordinary amount of sentimental rubbish .
The assertion that " a significant portion of humanity 's intellectual wealth " is held within these dying languages is demonstrably false .
If such wealth truly existed , then - as history shows - these languages would be expanding and flourishing as its users traded - and lived - off that wealth .
But , you know what ? , the reason that Cornish , Andaman and even Latin died out as languages was that they were the expression of moribund societies incapable of communicating the intellectual , cultural and social dynamics required for sustained longevity and evolution .
Trying to keep these languages ' alive ' artificially is both futile and condescending .
Alex Clarke , London
As human beings do languages are also destined to die .
However , their death is not because of ages .
Rather a language starts dying the moment its significance in the economic aspect of its user society starts shrinking in favor of another dominant language .
Hence , language revitalization will not be effective unless there is no attachment of the language with some kind of economical benefit .
For instance , the last speaker of Chemehuevi 's children were not interested because they did n't see its tactile benefit in their life .
These days , apparently , everyone is running for English not because English is the language of the angels or the language of the demons .
But because it is the language of economy .
The language of the superpowers .
Deacon Mehari Zemelak Worku , Addis Ababa
If she was the last speaker of Bo , then she didnt have anyone to talk to in that language anyway !!
Nobody bothered to learn other than this person so actually the language died long before this person .
Cheryl Gellard - Jones , Milton Keynes
I see what your saying and yes the local knowledge of animals and plants are important however that does n't make the langauge important .
Humanitiy needs to be united that 's how we go forwards , not in small knit tribes unable to commicate with one another .
What good is there in even having 5 langauge's ?
Name me 2 good reasons I can't think of any ?
Document them by all means learn what we can from them but consign them to history where they belong one world , one people , one common langauge , one common goal perhaps then we can all just get along .
Terry , Bedford I find this an immediate issue that is at the same time so sad , but fascinating .
I would like to know more .
Please keep me up to date with articles and research on this topic .
Have you done any research on the Ladino language ?
I have read that there are maybe only 50,000 native Ladino speakers still living .
I know there is an effort to preserve it through poetry and music , but as a spoken language , it too may be extinct in a few generations .
How sad .
Amy Nathans , Columbus , Ohio we have , in Europe , a language called the Basque language .
It is the most ancient European language , the only non-pre - indoeuropean language spoken in Europe and is not related to any other languages .
Although it is official and widely spoken in the Basque autonomous community in the Spanish State , Basque speakers in other part of the Basque Country such as Navarre or the French Basque country undergo suffer constant discrimination from the local authorities in regions where Basque has always been widely spoken .
My concern is that a languages often dies out as a result of politics and nationalism ( ie : in the Basque case , French and Spanish nationalism are to blame ) .
I also believe that it is the EU responsability to ensure that the Basque language survives in the whole Basque historical territory .
Rafael , London , UK Would n't it be better if we had a common world language in which to communicate .
Kenny Chaffin , Denver , CO , U.S.A. @ Kenny Chaffin , Denver , CO , U.S.A .
I agree , that would be wonderful , but hopefully a rational , logical language , easy to learn by children all over the world , ergo : not English .
Paul van Gool , Kampala Congratulations !
This is a subject that needs a lot more attention .
It is worth mentioning the plight of the Finno - Ugrian language speakers of Russia .
Peoples belonging to this language family live in North Eurasia ( Central , Eastern and Northern Europe and Western Siberia ) , being the original inhabitants of these territories .
Beyond the point of no return are the Livonians , Votes , Izhorians and Enets .
Highly endangered are the Ingrian Finns , Karlians , Vepses , Samis , Mordvins , Maris , Udmurts , Komis and Premyakkomis and Obi Ugrians like Khanits , Mansis , Nenets , Nganasans and Selkups .
In evaluating their current tragic situation it should be recognised that they have not had an opportunity to organise their lives in harmony with their ethnic cultural heritage .
They are living , and have always lived , in a state of continual opposition , of ceaseless active or passive struggle , as if climbing on a steep slope .
At times of need , the non-Russian people also serve as targets of hatred for the dominant population , for example 2nd World War and Stalinist purges .
I is a shame that endangered languages are not protected the same way endangered species are .
When they gone , the Word wo n't be the same .
Monika Baker , London
When we lose a language we lose a part of our common humanity .
We lose an an aspect of our ability to conceptualise .
It 's like what happens when an individual loses a part of their brain or an eye .
The human journey or ' progress ' requires the widest possible field of vision .
Today , we take it for granted that we must protect the diversity of the genetic pool .
We must also do everything we can to preserve the extraordinary diversity of language .
John O'Mahony , Hove , East Sussex , UK Languages contain treasuries of ideas and philosophies , too .
I am studying classical written Tibetan , another endangered language .
It is a language created solely to express Buddhist thought .
It 's beautiful foundations and architecture are well worth committing to memory .
Like the Lilliputians , we always see farther when standing on the giant 's shoulders .
Ms. Stirling Davenport , Poughkeepsie , NY , USA I am a British citizen , now living and working in Labrador , my wife 's home .
I was initially sceptical of the importance of preserving languages , much as a teenager is at school during a ' language ' class .
However , I am now working closely with marginalised Aboriginal people here in this cold but beautiful part of isolated Canada .
Getting to know more about Inuit and / or Innu culture and the horrors of ' relocation ' by European influences has been quite shocking with clear and terrible consequences for people today .
In fact , one could say that a complete generational separation is now evident as these ancient cultures and their complete identity as a people has been eroded over time , with the added destructive influences of alcohol , drugs and the inter - connected trauma of their lives that fuels addiction and social breakdown .
It is truly a terrible situation , with people here holding such people in utter contempt without even giving their unique situation any understanding or empathic thought .
Language , therefore , and the erosion of the Innuit languages or the `native American` `Indian` languages is such an integral aspect to cultural identity , with this story emphasising the global importance of such a crucial and important aspect of global humanity .
Garry Harriman , Happy Valley / Goose Bay , Labrador , N/E Canada .
I agree languages are extremly important , they teach us so much about people and culture .
Language is an integral part of culture and influences peoples way of life .
We have native languages in the UK which are in danger of dying out , people need to appreciate and respect these languages .
Cymro , Cardiff , Wales
The book ' Language Death ' by David Crystal is worth reading , explaining just show much humankind stands to lose from our languages dying .
John from Beaumont - what a short - sighted viewpoint .
Language is not just a basic tool you pick up and use " to communicate " .
The rules and grammars of every language tells us something unique about how the mind works .
When we lose a language we forever lose a one - off world view .
When we lose a vocabulary we lose access to a treasure trove of meanings that help explain the world around us .
This can affect all of us .
For example , the world of medicine potentially suffers when we no longer understand the healing properties of natural plants and minerals found in South American rain forests of Indonesian jungles .
Language death is actually a serious issue not to be made light of .
John , Newcastle , UK Unless investment is made into their survival a number of languages are in danger of disappearing form the Russian Federation , which has been home to dozens of ethnic languages .
In particular , over a decade of military conflict in Chechnya , a large proportion of school aged children were left without an effective education and are now unable to write , and some to speak , in their own language .
With the inclusion of this and other North Caucasus republics into a newly formed and Russian - speaking administrative district as of January 2010 , teaching of native languages is unlikely to be the top priority investment .
Official documents , signs and broadcasts are already made almost exclusively in Russian .
While it is clear that having a single state language is a means of unification , it is important to preserve ethnic languages alongside it , so that the folklore , culture , centuries of philosophy and traditions are not lost .
Over the 19th and 20th centuries linguists , including the great novelist Leo Tolstoy , have travelled up an down Russia , and later the USSR , in search of tribal languages , spending efforts to record and analyse them , and in many cases to give oral languages a form of writing .
It is extremely sad that these efforts are now wasted .
Since the collapse of the Soviet Union university linguistics departments dedicated to ethnic languages have all but disappeared , as have native language publications and support for authors writing in the mother tongue .
Languages have become a political issue , and this endangers their very survival .
Yet when they are lost , and their culture and knowledge go with them , the collective culture or the whole country and humanity 's diversity and its sum of knowledge become poorer .
P.Sparks , UK I find the lack of compassion certain people feel on this wall for dying languages extremely disturbing .
Mass globalisation seems to be the major culprit towards loosing our individuality as multi-national corporations force their products ( and language ) onto other countries .
Now economic importance seems to have become more important than our heritage and traditions .
If we forget where we came from , the values we represent and how to interact as a global community what to we truly have ?
owen davies , london Playing devil 's advocate here .
If language is ultimately a way to encode information , then what does it matter what language is used to encode the info , if the information is successfully encoded and passed on intact to it 's intended recipients .
I do understand that Languages can be unique in that the intertwine with the culture they developed with , hence they may uniquely convey concepts germane to their cultural environment .
Having said this , I happen to believe that as human beings , all cultures continually undergo life , death , and change cycles .
These cycles have always existed , and will always be so .
Nobody for instance speaks Latin anymore , and the Greek spoken today differs from Greek 3 thousand yrs ago .
Unless if we are clever enough to invent some kind of computerized Rosetta stone , which completely categorizes a language , I fear that the loss of languages is unstoppable , universal , and is the natural way of things .
Paul Obembe , United States Languages codify human experience and as such losing a language means losing a part of our common experience .
My son will grow up speaking English and will never understand the richness of the Tamil idioms that I will use .
Anand , Princeton , USA
Unfortunately , it 's part of the natural evolution of languages that some die out as others thrive .
Jersey , as a small island has an ancient French patois as its native language but a century of increasing anglicisation ( along with the usual banning of native tongues that the British enjoyed using as a policy in the early 20th century ) mean that the language is little more than a curiosity now , just brought out for tourists and visiting dignitaries .
It is odd being from somewhere and not even knowing the native tongue .
Kirsten Morel , Jersey Very interesting article on a very interesting subject .
I have , however , been angered by several contributors to this discussion who have given the impression that they believe the process of language death is natural and that we should n't interfere .
It is , in fact , rarely natural : I am currently learning Scottish Gaelic .
This language is in its current precarious state due to human actions : the forced exile of Gaelic communities on a massive scale , its temporary illegality and its banishment from schools until the middle of this century , only to emerge to face a supremely powerful English - language mass media .
If language death is not natural , then we owe it to languages that have lost out from ' progress ' to aid them through artificial means .
Eystein Thanisch , Edinburgh I do completely agree with Alex Clarke that it sounds silly to say the humankind wealth is preserved in these dying languages .
The language dies when it is not used for communication between people as a result of underdevelopment of it 's native speakers .
It will be appropriate to repeat the basic point from Charles Darwin 's theory of evolution : strongest survives , weakest dies .
Erkin Dilbazi , Baku , Azerbaijan
In response to Paul Obembe and a few others ,
While it is certainly true that , over a larger span of time , languages are always in flux -- shifting , dying , being born -- that does n't mean there is n't value in attempting to preserve endangered languages .
This is especially true considering that language loss , like the lose of earth ecosystems , is occurring at a faster and more dramatic rate than any other time in history .
Languages can provide passageways into histories , value systems and patterns of behavior , and many of the currently endangered languages remain unstudied .
Languages provide key insights into their cultures history and development .
They can provide access to ideas and value - sets we would otherwise be unfamiliar with .
Understanding the internal mechanics of language learning and development of languages that work differently from ours an provide key insights to human psychology .
Languages , like species , do have a life span .
But linguistic diversity is of great value to all humans for what it can reveal about ourselves .
To fail to prevent the destruction of this linguistic diversity in favor of global monolingualism would be a dramatic setback for us all .
Nichali , Milwaukee , Wisconsin " Humanitiy needs to be united that 's how we go forwards , not in small knit tribes unable to commicate with one another .
What good is there in even having 5 langauge's ?
Name me 2 good reasons I can't think of any ?...
Terry , Bedford "
Just like in biology , climate , philosophy , art , religion ... , we should have diversity in languages .
Each philosophy ( art , religion , music ... ) shows us a particular aspect(s ) of this infinite richess who is the Man .
A big " mixed colours " would not make us advance .
António Saraiva , Porto , Portugal Being someone who is concerned about social and environmental issues , I have felt torn over the issue of disappearing languages .
On one hand , I feel like I ought to be concerned about the loss of heritage , but on the other hand , I have no idea why .
Even after reading this article , I am unclear about how exactly ancient languages are valuable , and what would therefore justify the effort to preserve them .
The claim presented in this article seems to be that we have a great deal to learn from ancient cultures .
This is undoubtedly true .
The question remains , though , why keeping a language on life support is the best way to preserve the knowledge of these cultures .
As elders die knowledge fades away , even if the language is preserved .
Stories , experiences , skills , traditions and unique perspectives on the world are inevitably lost when those in whose minds they have been preserved pass away .
It seems to me , however , that these things would be lost even if the language was preserved .
Furthermore , if there is something of value weaved into ancient languages , something that cannot be extracted and translated into the global languages , we might be given to wonder how the global community could benefit from this value without us each coming to learn the ancient languages ourselves .
Harrison has not provided a single concrete example of some piece of ancient knowledge ( beyond the skill of using a particular language ) that is preserved when a language is kept alive .
One could easily walk away from this article thinking that he has provided merely a convincing argument for an investment in documenting the tales and lifestyles of elders in isolated cultures in order to save what we can from their history .
If there is immense value in languages per se , this article has provided me little understanding of what that value actually is .
Andrew Jehan , Toronto Canada
We can all be romantic about languages just as we can about two aging lovers unfortunately in the end the two lovers die and the love story however beautiful ends .
Language is a utility for social interaction and exchange of ideas , Language belongs to a community or association of people as we build new associations , bigger communities one currency of speech must give way to another or both currencies of speech will merge and form another unlike either of them .
Yes lets find all the languages and codify the meanings hidden in them , but as needs must at an old mans grave - let the dying languages die for new will emerge .
The eskimo has 99 words for types of snow , but he wont understand what tweeting is , cyber space or software .
MUBITA , Douala Cameroon
Some of the comments I 've read are typical of speakers of dominant tongues , and are to be expected of such .
I barely speak my own native Lenape tongue , as there has been few to teach me , and day to day living makes it difficult to impossible to find the time to properly learn .
This much I can say , as man makes a language , so too , language makes man , their values , sense of identity , belief in what is important reflected in the words they say , and the way they are spoken .
What do your words say about you ?
Michael , Harned , KY , U.S.
Why could n't the linguistics make documentaries of those dying languages , to preserve them if only in video's , DVD 's or manuscripts , but it 's better than lost without any documentation at all .
Of course the documentation should also document the legends and the ancient sciences ( knowledges ) as such as said above .
boelee , Bogor , Indonesia
This is " Krapp 's Last Tape " with a vengeance .
My mother tongue is English , but I lived daily in Hebrew for several years and now live daily in Spanish .
Old as I am , I would certainly volunteer my services in any small way I could to help save any language of our world .
David Wallace , Toledo , Spain
The Irish had a language once but it was nearly destroyed by the British occupation of the Island for nearly a thousand years .
It has been trying to recover now for many years .
Thomas Hayes , Bradford UK
Much of the value called out here is cultural , not linguistic .
The only people that 7,000 languages are useful to are linguists .
They are important in that they help trace the evolution and connections between languages .
But that is simply a useful scholarly pursuit .
Different languages separate people , whereas a common language unites .
To even attempt to compare " CHEWS - day " vs. " TOOZ - day " to cathedrals vs. pyramids provides much more insight into the mind and passion of the author than the usefulness of preserving dying languages .
Language is to communicate ... the fewer living languages , the better .
Steve , San Francisco
I teach anthropology in the university , we focus to a large extent on the value of linguistic diversity .
Many cultural concepts are only possible to communicate in the language of their origin , especially religious and ethical ideas .
But one thing that is different is the attitude of the speaker towards himself and the world .
It 's a great tragedy , as evidenced by many comments on this thread , that the most arrogant , ethnocentric , and least intellectually qualified culture has become dominant purely due to market forces .
scott gingerich , paradise california usa Sanskrit has actually been revived and there are over 12,000 speakers .
The important issue is whether ancient languages have been codified or written down .
The Vedic manuscripts have been studied for centuries , sanskrit is taught at oxford , there is , ultimately , literature that intrigues people .
Some ancient languages only have oral tradition , and as lovely as it may be hearing a bard beat out an ancient tale in a foreign tongue until he does the homeric duty of writing it down all those centuries of knowledge will come to an end .
It is not our duty to save languages , the desire has to come from the speakers , it is their heritage and they should want to protect what is a sacred symbol of their civilisation ; we can only attempt to persuade .
These people are not knowledge farms from which we can reap a ripe harvest .
Luke Woollen , St Andrews , Great Britain
We the Bangalees know the value of language , as we gave blood to establish our right of Mother tongue in 1952 .
There are several dyeing languages in Bangladesh .
Only few hundred or thousand people talk to those languages .
I know , if a language does n't have written Novels or Stories it will die soon .
This is a high time to take immediate action to save our world heritage .
Sanaullah Lablu , Dhaka , Bangladesh
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
To be sure , the Haitian earthquake is a calamitous tragedy .
It is well documented that Haiti is the poorest nation in the Western Hemisphere and human misery by modern standards is routine .
But , the amount of human suffering brought about by this disaster will only get worse before it gets better .
Beyond the initial injuries and death , death will certainly come from those who cannot get medical attention , there will no doubt be disease and then there is the potential for violence as someone attempts to bring a sense of law to an area that has long had a degree of lawlessness .
Initially in natural disasters , often the goodness in all mankind comes out and everyone looks to come to the aid of anyone in distress , regardless of their social , religious or political standing .
Then , after about 48 hours , hearts in some tend to harden again and people begin to take advantage of others vulnerabilities .
It seems to me , that is a part of human nature .
In times like these , nations and peoples from around the world do their best to bring support and relief .
Typically there are words of encouragement and hope .
But , people also want to look for reasons .
As far back as early Mesopotamia , the people of the Fertile Crescent would suppose that it was the desires of the gods that brought destructive flooding .
Some civilizations would make sacrifices to a volcano in the hopes of avoiding its wrath .
In recent times , some tried to reason that New Orleans suffered from Hurricane Katrina ( even though New Orleans was not struck by Katrina - Mississippi was hit by Katrina ) due to some malevolence on the part of the citizenry .
Some do not want to consider that perhaps the hurricane was merely carrying out its mission to transport heat and moisture from the tropical region to the polar region and that it just happened to move across a populated area .
Port - Au - Prince is located on a seismically active zone that is prone , from time to time , to earthquakes .
Sooner or later it would happen .
But , there are some who speculate that there has to be some other reason .
Now , when there is suffering , it seems to me that the main objective is to bring relief to those who need it and the time to discover the reasons why can wait .
But , for some reason , some people feel the need to opine as to the reason .
Pat Robertson in the aftermath of the quake made such a pronouncement .
Robertson said that Haiti has suffered and is suffering its fate due to a pact with the devil made as it struggled to free itself from slavery under the French in the late 18th century .
It was but a brief reference and Robertson ’s theological and political opponents have jumped on him even though he said much more than that including a request for prayer for the Haitian people .
Nevertheless , I question the need to make such a historical pronouncement at that time .
But , now that its out there , I decided to try and find out if there is anything to support the notion .
Keep in mind , in order to reach a full conclusion , one must study the evidence presented in the full historiography of a particular subject .
It is impossible to do that using the internet as a source .
But , I thought I ’d at least scratch the surface to at least quell some of my curiosity .
After all , just as it is wrong to make a claim with no substantiation , it is equally wrong to dismiss assertions out of hand simply because it does not fit your worldview and not due to any reasoned examination .
Without great context , I am left to surmise that Mr. Robertson was referring to the Bois Caiman which was supposedly a voodoo ceremony on August 14 , 1791 presided over by Boukman Dutty .
It ’s not even clear that it was a voodoo ( vodou ) ceremony at all but it certainly seems to have been a collective cry to a higher power to deliver the Haitians from their fate of bondage .
I found one translation of what the prayer by Boukman ( Bookman ) that is as follows :
“ The god who created the earth ; who created the sun that gives us light .
The god who holds up the ocean ; who makes the thunder roar .
Our God who has ears to hear .
You who are hidden in the clouds ; who watch us from where you are .
You see all that the white has made us suffer .
The white man ’s god asks him to commit crimes .
But the god within us wants to do good .
Our god , who is so good , so just , He orders us to revenge our wrongs .
It ’s He who will direct our arms and bring us the victory .
It ’s He who will assist us .
We all should throw away the image of the white men ’s god who is so pitiless .
Listen to the voice for liberty that speaks in all our hearts . ”
However , there a different translation given by N. and R. Heinl , in their book Written in Blood :
Good Lord who hath made the sun that shines upon us , that riseth from the sea , who maketh the storm to roar ; and governeth the thunders , The Lord is hidden in the heavens , and there He watcheth over us .
The Lord seeth what the blancs have done .
Their god commandeth crimes , ours giveth blessings upon us .
The Good Lord hath ordained vengeance .
He will give strength to our arms and courage to our hearts .
He shall sustain us .
Cast down the image of the god of the blancs , because he maketh the tears to flow from our eyes .
Hearken unto Liberty that speaketh now in all your hearts .
( Heinl p. 43 )
Now , while these translations of the text have been made public , there are some scholars who have argued that the ceremony never took place and the story is simply a myth used for motivation at the outset of the Haitian revolution .
A man named Bob Corbett published a back and forth with other contributors on the subject arguing whether or not the ceremony was indeed a true event .
Now , if you assume the above translations are correct and the speech was indeed given at the ceremony , a careful examination reveals not a word concerning Satan or the Devil .
The first translation does refer to “ our God ” and that can leave a lot open to interpretation .
But , a key difference in the second translation is that it refers to “ our good Lord ” and the “ good Lord . ”
On the surface , one might think that they are referring to the Christian God but , a look at the text also brings to light the reference to “ their god . ”
One would assume that is the god of the French and the French were largely Roman Catholic so , perhaps that is what gives rise to the idea that they are praying to a different god and not to the one God .
However , Dr. Jean Gelin has made some research into the subject and Dr. Gelin concludes that the Haitian people involved were not talking to Satan , but instead praying to the one God of the universe in the monotheist Christian tradition .
That excerpt was taken from the second part of a three part series Gelin titled , “ God , Satan and the Birth of Haiti . ”
Here is part I and part III .
Now , it may be worth noting that Dr. Gelin is referenced in this manner at the bottom of his 3 part series published in 2005 : Jean R. Gelin is a licensed minister of the Church of God and serves as an assistant pastor for a young Haitian - American church in the United States .
He holds a Ph.D. in plant sciences and works as a scientist in agricultural research .
Dr. Gelin can be contacted at gelinjr@yahoo.fr regarding this article .
His Ph.D and vocation is in agriculture not theology .
Pat Robertson on the other hand is a very educated man and theologian .
I have no idea if Dr. Gelin has a motivation to redeem the people of Haiti or if he is truly motivated by truth .
I think that Pat Robertson is motivated by bringing what he thinks is biblical truth to the masses .
But … I do n’t get it .
It seems to me that Mr. Robertson has unnecessarily opened a can of worms that may actually turn people away from the Christian Faith rather than bring them to a relationship with Jesus .
To be fair , his comment was very brief and in the context of the need to pray for the people and his optimism that something good would come of it .
While I have done no scholarly work on the subject , it seems to me that the historical context is still up for debate and has not really been established by fact .
Until Mr. Robertson provides some body of work , then that is the only conclusion one can draw .
In all honestly , one must say at this point “ we do n’t know ” if there was indeed some sort of satanic deal in 1791 .
But , in the tradition of Martin Luther , the protestant church came about with the idea that individuals can develop a personal relationship with God through Jesus the Christ .
Luther thought that one did not have to go through a priest or any man or pay tribute to gain salvation but instead study the Word of God and develop that personal relationship .
So , if a person today has established a personal relationship with God through Jesus , how can he possibly be held responsible for the actions of someone 200 years before , even if they were a relative ?
In my view ( for what its worth ) , our role in life is to serve God .
If we are all God ’s creations and the body of Christ , then the only way to serve God is to serve others and raise our children .
I do n’t know the political persuasion of individuals in Haiti , whether or not they live a righteous lifestyle of one of lawlessness and moral depravity .
I believe that Jesus of Nazareth was known for ministering to the tax collectors , lepers , prostitutes and others who were looked down upon by the elite .
He preached a chance of reconciliation with God and forgiveness .
Whether Mr. Robertson is correct or Dr. Gelin is correct is not relevant beyond academic discussions .
It seems to me that our charge is to minister to those in distress with basic human needs , medical attention , companionship and hope and I think Mr. Robertson would agree .
At this time , we should bring love and not condemnation .
While Mr. Robertson may in the end be able to make his case , I ’m not sure that now was the time to do so .
I ’m also not sure of the value of a knee jerk condemnation of Mr. Robertson without knowing the facts , except to say there is much work to do and people to serve .
Mr. Robertson said that something good can come from this and I agree .
Haiti can have a brighter future than it has had in its past , but only through honesty , love , compassion , effort and service to the Lord through the service to others .
I had a friend in jail once .
I did not ask the reason .
I kept up with him and tried to provide encouragement without regard to why he was where he was .
Ours is not to ask why , but to serve .
Weather Bottom Line :
So , I washed my car …and the birds decided a nice clean car was an invitation to let me know they were still in the neighborhood , eathing the berries .
We got to 51 officially on Thursday .
Look for the same on Friday .
Sunday ’s rain is still possible but it may stay southeast .
Temperatures will remain in the 40’s after a couple of more days near 50 .
We may chill down a bit in the wake of a big low going up the SE US and up the east coast .
The extreme long range models are hinting at a possible long wave pattern change back to a cold time with the jet diving back to the Gulf Coast .
But , so far , it ’s inconsistent as one might expect from 15 days out .
I ’m talking about the last week of January so there is plenty of time .
Regardless , do n’t think that the cold air is done with though .. just taking a break less than month into winter .
I just heard about the upcoming Diablo - contender game Grim Dawn which is still in its early development and has now dipped its feet into the concept of crowdfunding .
That is a step in the right direction but I feel not enough to convince .
You see , I ’m a fan of Action RPG games ( or more aptly called Diablo Clones ) and I ’ve even been playing Titan Quest the last few days as well but I see no reason to put my money on a game coming out 1 year from now just to “ show my support . ”
Where is the mutual aid ?
Why are people asked to fund a company ’s ventures but then expected to not receive any of the benefits any publisher or venture capitalist would get ?
Ownership .
When a publisher funds a game , they end up owning all the “ IP ” behind it .
The copyrights , the trademarks , everything .
The developer does n’t get to keep anything , which is incidentally when developing companies go under , the actual team behind them cannot keep working on the settings they created .
We end up with stuff like games truly deserving of a sequel simply disappearing .
As such , it ’s very worthwhile to try and get away from such a restrictive contract if possible .
However to jump from that to a concept of crowdfunding where you get to keep all the benefits and take none of the risks just strikes me as very unfair for those actually putting their money on the line .
Not only do I give my money one year in advance , without knowing the quality of what I get or even if I get anything at all , but all I get is a license to play the game I funded ?
Does this seem like a good deal to any you ?
Personally , I feel like a sucker .
If you want to crowdsource or crowdfund your ventures , then you ’d better be willing to give something back to those who help you .
And no , simply a license to play the game is not enough .
You ’d better give us the code in the form of free software .
In short , if you do a public venture , it ’s only fair that you create a public content .
Not only will you then show that you are willing to meet those helping you half - way , not only will you ensure to those taking the risks ( i.e. putting their money on the line ) that they will get to keep whatever you started even if you get hit by a bus , but you also create a feeling of goodwill which will go a long way in making people willing to support you .
And not only that , but you will also get free support and development from the community you ’ve become a part of .
The downside ?
If your game becomes insanely successful , you wo n’t end up swimming in money but with games like Diablo 3 coming out in the same year and you being a small - time developer , do you think that ’s a possibility ?
You will still be able to sell your game just fine but you ’ll simply have to find a way to give people a reason to buy .
WIll that be dedicated online servers and scarce material goods ?
More likely .
Will you end up losing the revenue from trying to sell a bunch of bytes ?
Sure , but then again , you got your money beforehand and those who want to support you will do so anyway , as they do with any free software project ( of which many survive with substantial donations ) .
Those who would n’t pay any money and simply play the gratis version are the sames who would pirate the game anyway .
Think about it .
It makes sense to free your code if you go down this path .
Think of the goodwill .
I know for a fact that if you announced that the game would be licensed under the GPL , I ’d already have given you my money and so would many others .
Think of the free publicity from all the free software and open source related sites that announced this bold move of yours , from all those free software enthusiasts which now join your ranks of ARPG enthusiasts to spread the word of mouth .
Think of freedom and the fact that your game will survive and continue to improve no matter the money .
UPDATE : I posted a link to this post on the official fora and an initial response seems to indicate that opening the source is impossible since the game is built over the proprietary Titan Quest engine .
If this is indeed the case , it is very unfortunate as it takes the free software licensing just out of the table altogether .
This again points out the problems with building a game on a proprietary engine or base .
If the engine of the game was open sourced , it would have been improved and updated by the community and new ARPG built on it relatively cheap , creating a wealth of such games to play .
See the Quake3 engine for example .
Also , it ’s worth noting that GNU / Linux support is not planned .
EDIT2 : Thread was closed , so even if you do want to argue a point , you now ca n’t .
This personally does not fill me with any confidence .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
The Way We Live Now : Traumatized .
Have you heard ?
Unemployment is traumatic .
Also traumatic , according to recession scientists : Shitty vacations , being arrested for your big casino robbery , and contemplating your boss ' retirement package .
The New York Times did a big poll , and guess what : joblessness will stress you out .
WHATTAYA KNOW , BITCHES ?
And where is my gun ?
Hm .
Take a nice shot of thorazine and look on the existential side : your bleak employment prospects are n't the only terrible thing going on right now .
The travel industry had an awful 2009 , and they expect only a " modest recovery " in 2010 .
The main reason : you 'll still be too broke to afford a vacation anywhere other than GOD DAMN DISNEY WORLD .
Hey , you like hot , hot concrete ?
Good .
The casino robbery idea looked so awesome in those Ocean 's Eleven flicks .
But theirs involved all types of sophisticated electronics and tunnels and inside connections , whereas what you did was just stick up and armored car in front of the Sahara at 9 o'clock in the morning for a million bucks .
And brother , good luck to you .
You 'll need it .
It 's what economists call the " yin and yang and yin " of the recession .
Some days you 're too broke to afford that Caribbean vacation ; other days , you have a million dollars that you just stole from an armored truck .
Then other days you get caught for that crime and sent to jail for life .
And on most days , your 401k is still fucked .
But take heart :
The top executives at your company probably have guaranteed retirement packages , so their dependable return on their savings was not effected by the plummeting stock market that destroyed your hopes for ever retiring , period .
At least you still got that cold water .
Fleas can be taught nearly anything that a Congressman can .
- What Is Man ?
... the smallest minds and the selfishest souls and the cowardliest hearts that God makes .
- Letter fragment , 1891
Suppose you were an idiot .
And suppose you were a member of Congress .
But I repeat myself .
- Mark Twain , a Biography
Congressman is the trivialist distinction for a full grown man .
- Notebook # 14 , Nov. 1877 - July 1878
All Congresses and Parliaments have a kindly feeling for idiots , and a compassion for them , on account of personal experience and heredity .
- Mark Twain 's Autobiography ; also in Mark Twain in Eruption
But , the person said , Ayatollah Khamenei “ has not agreed so far . ”
The main reform strategy appears to focus on reaffirming allegiance to the supreme leader , accepting President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the head of the government , at least for now , but not backing off any of the charges of election fraud or government - sanctioned violence against civilians .
By focusing attention on Ayatollah Jannati , who has rejected all efforts at compromise , Mr. Karroubi added another possible element , appearing to give Ayatollah Khamenei the chance to re-establish himself as an arbiter between the reformers and the hard - liners , some experts said .
“ Perhaps this is the contours of the compromise , ” said Trita Parsi , president and founder of the National Iranian American Council , an advocacy group based in Washington .
“ Possibly we are seeing a shift in pinning the blame , away from Khamenei , opening the way for him to reciprocate . ”
It is not clear if the reform leaders have a coordinated strategy or if they have decided independently that there is too great a risk in allowing the crisis to continue to boil .
There is a lot of concern within Iran over the prospect of coming potential flash points , like Feb. 11 , the anniversary of the 1979 Islamic Revolution , and this Friday , the 40th day after the death of Grand Ayatollah Hossein Ali Montazeri , a spiritual leader of the opposition .
The opposition leaders ’ outreach apparently began on Dec. 31 , when a former presidential candidate , Mir Hussein Moussavi , offered Ayatollah Khamenei a five - point plan for defusing the crisis .
Like Mr. Karroubi , Mr. Moussavi appeared to parse his words to offer a compromise while trying not to alienate the millions of grass - roots supporters who had taken to the streets since the disputed election .
Both men reasserted charges of voting fraud .
While the leadership has not responded , there have been some small signs that the strategy has eased tensions , however slight , said Rasool Nafisi , an Iran expert based in Virginia .
“ The regime is reacting slowly to their gestures in kind , and is somewhat relenting on its media policy and street harassment of the youth , ” he said .
“ Therefore the policy of giving them space for maneuvering is working . ”
It might have been cold and snowy out , but that did n't stop Improv Toronto from organizing the second annual No Pants Subway Ride starting at Queen 's Park station .
Torontoist has a round - up and photos from inside one of the subway cars and Improv Toronto has posted a video on their YouTube channel which is also embedded below .
Gotta love the reaction from one of the TTC workers at the end of the video who remarks " It 's freedom of whatever it 's called .... so you guys gotta do what you gotta do " .
Astronomer were surprised to find two distinct " tails " found on a long tail of gas that is believed to be forming stars where few stars have been formed before .
" The double tail is very cool -- that is , interesting -- and ridiculously hard to explain , " said Donahue , a professor in MSU 's Department of Physics and Astronomy .
" It could be two different sources of gas or something to do with magnetic fields .
We just do n't know . "
What is also unusual is the gas tail , which is more than 200,000 light years in length , extends well outside any galaxy .
It is within objects such as this that new stars are formed , but usually within the confines of a galaxy .
" This system is really crazy because where we 're seeing the star formation is well away from any galaxy , " Donahue said .
" Star formation happens primarily in the disks of galaxies .
What we 're seeing here is very unexpected . "
Michigan State University astronomer Megan Donahue was part of an international team of astronomers that viewed the gas tail with a very long , new observation made by the Chandra X-ray Observatory and detailed it in a paper published this month in the publication Astrophysical Journal .
This gas tail was originally spotted by astronomers three years ago using a multitude of telescopes , including NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory and the SOuthern Astrophysical Research telescope , a Chilean - based observatory in which MSU is one of the partners .
The new observations show a second tail , and a fellow galaxy , ESO 137-002 , that also has a tail of hot X - ray - emitting gas .
How these newly formed stars came to be in this particular place remains a mystery as well .
Astronomers theorize this gas tail might have " pulled " star - making material from nearby gases , creating what some have called " orphan stars . "
" This system continues to surprise us as we get better observations of it , " Donahue said .
The gas tail is located in the southern hemisphere near a constellation called Triangulum Australe , in a giant cluster of galaxies called Abell 3627 .
It is associated with a galaxy known as ESO 137-001 which is about 219 million light years from our own Milky Way Galaxy .
Star formation is a continuous process throughout the universe , where there are estimated to be billions of galaxies , each of which contains billions of stars .
Stars are formed from clouds of dusty , cool , dense molecular gas .
Molecular gas clouds prefer to inhabit galaxies , particularly the disks of galaxies like the Milky Way .
Our sun , a star located within the Milky Way Galaxy , is an average - size star estimated to be about 4.6 billion years old .
There are men in this world that would simply look better as a woman .
Then there are those men that can pass for a woman .
Those are the realistic transvestites .
There are plenty of female impersonators in this world .
Most of the time their shows are so popular that they get their own show in Las Vegas or one of the bigger cities all over the world .
They can impersonate any star and you will never be able to tell the difference .
1. RuPaul
She is the most famous transvestite in the world .
She has become the star his mother always knew she would be .
In 1960 , she was born in San Diego .
By 1985 , she was performing his shows .
She hit it big when her dance track hit radio airwaves in 1993 .
From that point on her career has never been better .
She has had television shows and continues to release albums .
Link
2. Frank Marino
He has been performing his act as Joan Rivers since 1985 .
At first the owners of the Las Vegas club were skeptical on his abilities , but they soon found out that his shows would be a big success .
For over 20 years he has performed his act on that same stage .
He has the longest running stage act in the Las Vegas area and has even been honored with two stars on the Vegas strip , a street named after him , and February 1st is now Frank Marino day in Las Vegas .
Link
3. Mimi Marks
She performs mainly at the Baton Show Lounge in Chicago , Illinois .
Originally being born to the name Mark in Iowa , she was uncomfortable in her own skin .
She has been living as a woman since she was 21 years old .
She has won numerous titles , because she is so realistic looking .
She has appeared in music videos and made numerous appearances on television shows .
Link
4. Aurora Sexton
Aurora Sexton was originally born in Denver , Colorado .
She first revealed her self in Boulder , Colorado and was so well loved that she has continued to do shows .
She currently resides in Chicago , Illinois .
She hosts benefit shows and has won some pageants , herself .
Link
5. Lana Blake
She has been performing around the state of Texas for the past 15 years .
She has held many pageant titles .
She has held 10 or more titles and is well loved and followed all over the state of Texas .
She has one of the biggest following in the area .
Link
6. Lisa Beaumann
Lisa has a bachelor ’s degree in theater .
This makes her performance unique in that she looks at life as a stage .
She takes her performances very seriously and is loved by many in the Louisiana area .
Some of her favorites to perform as are Liza Minelli , Carol Channing , Shania twain and so many more for this versatile entertainer .
Link
7. Romy Haag
Romy is from the Netherlands and the most famous transvestite in all of Germany and Continental Europe .
Originally born Edouard Frans Verbaarsschott in 1951 , he started performing as a woman at the age of 16 .
In 1972 , she came to America and performed for a few years .
She has since starred in 26 German movies and even released her autobiography .
Link
8. Pete Burns
Pete was born in 1959 to an English father and a Jewish mother .
He is famous for being the front man of the band “ Dead or Alive . ”
He was always known for his flamboyant style .
After being married for 25 years , he divorced his wife .
He has released an autobiography depicting his life and has since married his companion .
Link
9. Steven Wayne
He was born and raised in West Virginia .
He began his career in 1987 at a club called “ The Shamrock . ”
He has been living in Las Vegas since 1999 .
The impersonation that he does is the infamous Cher .
He has been doing his act for the past 21 years and loves every minute of it .
Link
10 . Chad Michaels
He is one of the world ’s leading Cher impersonators .
With two decades of impersonations he has worked with many actors and producers .
Cher , herself , even likes going to his shows .
He is part of the Dream Girls Revue in California .
Link
Written by Harmony Stalter – Copyrighted © www.weirdworm.com
The war in Iraq had " no basis in international law " , a Dutch inquiry found today , in the first ever independent legal assessment of the decision to invade .
In a series of damning findings , a seven - member panel in the Netherlands concluded that the war , which was supported by the Dutch government following intelligence from Britain and the US , had not been justified in law .
" The Dutch government lent its political support to a war whose purpose was not consistent with Dutch government policy , " the inquiry in the Hague concluded .
" The military action had no sound mandate in international law . "
In a further twist , it emerged that the UK government refused to disclose a key document requested by the Dutch panel .
The document – allegedly a letter from Tony Blair asking for the support of the Dutch prime minister , Jan Peter Balkenende – was handed over in a breach of diplomatic protocol and on the basis that it was for Balkenende 's eyes only , an inquiry official told the Guardian .
" It was a surprise for our committee when we discovered information about this letter , " said Rob Sebes , a spokesman for the Dutch inquiry .
" It was not sent with a normal procedure between countries – instead it was a personal message from Tony Blair to our prime minister Jan Peter Balkanende , and had to be returned and not stored in our archives .
" We asked the British government to hand over the letter but they refused , " Sebes said .
Details of the Dutch inquiry 's findings and the refusal of the British government to disclose the letter are likely to increase international scrutiny on the Chilcot inquiry , as it emerged that the UK was instrumental in influencing the Dutch decision to back the war .
" In its depiction of Iraq 's [ weapons of mass destruction ] programme , the [ Dutch ] government was to a considerable extent led by public and other information from the US and the UK , " the Dutch report says .
" This report is an objective finding – it was not political , we searched for the truth , " said Sebes .
" We think that over 10 months the seven members of committee made a real effort to make a finding of high quality . "
Philippe Sands QC , a professor of international law , who gave evidence to the Dutch inquiry , said : " There has been no other independent assessment on the legality of the war in Iraq and the findings of this inquiry are unambiguous .
It concludes that the case argued by the Dutch and British governments , including the then attorney general , Lord Goldsmith , could not reasonably be argued .
" This is the authoritative view of seven commissioners including the former president of the Dutch supreme court , a former judge of the European court of justice , and two legal academics . "
The findings have prompted controversy in the Netherlands , where Balkenende has so far resisted calls for a formal parliamentary inquiry into his government 's decision to back the war .
However , the report is likely to influence analysis of the events in the UK , experts say , with senior judicial figures among those concerned that the Chilcot inquiry lacks the expertise on issues of legality in comparison to the Dutch panel .
" The findings of the Dutch inquiry that the war had no basis in international law are even more important for a domestic audience in Britain , " said Sands .
" I do not see how the five members of the Chilcot inquiry , none of whom is legally qualified , could possibly summon the means to reach an alternative conclusion . "
Hello SG beauties !
I hope you all are keeping happy , healthy and safe .
I 've got some really exciting news !
You got to excuse my ramblings I 'm still a bit in disbelief .
I received a message from the wonderful @lemon asking if I wanted to participate in this month 's choose the next Suicidegirl Onlyfans contest !! 😮😮😍
My answer was , you had me at hello and of ...
Read More
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Kimi Raikkonen would be willing to consider a race seat at Mercedes Grand Prix next season - but only if the team could convince him it will be good enough to fight for race wins and the world championship .
Raikkonen is currently facing the prospect of taking a sabbatical from Formula 1 next year after he could not reach an agreement with his preferred option McLaren for a drive alongside Lewis Hamilton .
With his talks there stalled , McLaren instead completed a deal with Jenson Button .
Although Raikkonen said recently that it was McLaren or nothing for him in F1 next year , Button 's shock exit from the former Brawn GP team may have changed the situation .
Raikkonen 's manager Steve Robertson said on Thursday that although a sabbatical remained the most likely outcome , the 2007 world champion would listen to any offer that Mercedes made if it was interested .
" This is Formula 1 .
If they can offer , or convince us , that they can provide Kimi an opportunity that Kimi is happy with , and that we are happy with , and he feels he can win races and the championship , then never say never , " Robertson told AUTOSPORT about the situation with Mercedes GP .
" There is always a possibility . "
He added : " There are not that many teams that would appeal to Kimi because he is honest when he says he has got to have a car to win .
He is not interested in the money .
" Of course , money is a part of it but he does n't need the money .
He wants a car where he can show his talent .
He was very frustrated this year by the fact that he could not win more races and challenge for the championship .
" When you have been in F1 for nine years and been a world champion then you need challenges - and for Kimi the challenge is to win championships and races . "
Robertson said that Raikkonen had the desire to compete at the top level in F1 and that even if he went off and did rallying for a year , he would definitely work hard to find a seat with a front - running F1 team for 2011 .
When asked if Raikkonen had the hunger to get back into F1 , Robertson said : " Yes .
As far as Kimi is concerned he has unfinished business - if the opportunity is there to win races and another championship .
That is his main goal .
" Now it looks like he is not doing F1 we will look at other options .
Rallying , or something else - but there is nothing firmed up in that area yet because F1 has only just finished for us in the last few days .
Now it is the time to discuss other things . "
Raikkonen 's potential switch to rallying for 2010 would most likely be in a Red Bull - backed Citroen C4 WRC in the World Championship , AUTOSPORT has learned .
It is understood that both full and partial WRC campaigns are under evaluation from Raikkonen 's management .
A source told AUTOSPORT : " There have been quite a few meetings about this , there 's certainly a desire to get Kimi in a car for next year and Citroen and Red Bull are in the discussions .
" Whether it will be a full , 13 - round programme or a limited number of events , we do n't know .
From what we understand , Kimi is very keen to compete at the highest level of rallying . "
The cake dress by Lukka Sigurdardottir .
[ via LikeCool ]
A Nature reader has run the gauntlet at Nature , who published a criticism of their anti-FOI editorial .
David Bell of the University of Nottingham ’s letter reads as follows :
Climate e-mails : lack of data sharing is a real concern
Your Editorial ( Nature 462 , 545 ; 2009 ) castigates “ denialists ” for making “ endless , time - consuming demands for information under the US and UK Freedom of Information Acts ” .
But you do not mention the reason — that the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia has systematically tried to avoid revealing data and code .
Science relies upon open analysis of data and methods , and the UK Natural Environment Research Council ( NERC ) has a clear data - sharing policy that expects scientists “ to cooperate in validating and publishing [ data ] in their entirety ” .
The university ’s leaked e-mails imply a concerted effort to avoid data sharing , which both violates the best practice defined in NERC policy and prevents verification of the results obtained by the unit .
Asking for scientific data and code should not lead to anyone being branded as part of the “ climate - change denialist fringe ” .
David R. Bell
Molecular Toxicology ,
School of Biology ,
University of Nottingham , Nottingham
Here we are again .
A year after Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper prorogued parliament in order to save his political skin from a potential minority coalition , he has chosen to suspend it again .
Shortly after the announcement , Maclean 's columnist Andrew Coyne asked on his blog : " In what other democracy is it permissible for the government of the day to hide from the legislature for months at a time ? "
Not many , evidently .
It will take a special kind of apathetic populace to collectively shrug off back - to - back cut - and - run attempts like this .
Parliament had been scheduled to return from its holiday break on 25 January , but now that will be delayed until early March – enough time for the Tories to rally from a tough end to 2009 and to gain a majority in the Senate by filling five seats in the upper chamber .
The prorogation will also scuttle pending legislation and halt parliamentary committees – and it's the latter that will have opposition parties and many Canadians questioning the motives behind Harper 's move .
Since diplomat Richard Colvin made his accusation in late November that all detainees handed over by Canadian troops to Afghan officials were tortured , Harper 's Conservative government has been on the defensive – a position it clearly hates .
By effectively silencing the Commons committee on Afghanistan , the Tories might be hoping that the story will fade , lost behind the buzz of the Winter Olympics in Vancouver from 12 February .
Even yesterday 's prorogation announcement appeared to be strategically released around the same time as that of the Canadian men's Olympic ice hockey squad , because compared with a possible gold medal in Vancouver , who cares about politics in Ottawa ?
It 's that attitude that will see Harper through the next few months .
Certainly , proroguing of parliament has taken place in the past – the Chretien administration 's Liberals did it four times , albeit over a span of 10 years .
This is Harper 's third prorogation since 2006 , all of which have come while heading a minority government .
And although last year 's prorogation was met with a flurry of opposition and questions about our democracy , the political waters quickly calmed , buoyed by a successful post - recession - panic economic action plan marketing campaign .
Our collective political discourse was reduced to questions about how long Michael Ignatieff had been living in Canada , or Stephen Harper 's piano - playing ability , rather than debate over long - term national goals .
The PM 's office highlighted this again when it issued a message about the prorogation on Wednesday , suggesting what might come after parliament resumes .
It summarised :
The three economic themes of the new session will be : ( 1 ) completing implementation of the economic action plan , ( 2 ) returning the federal budget to balance once the economy has recovered and ( 3 ) building the economy of the future .
The statement also scolded the Liberals , without irony , for obstructing legislation that will have to be reintroduced in the new , post - prorogation parliamentary session .
Unfortunately , it might pay political dividends for the Conservatives .
Though the commons committee on Afghanistan will officially fall silent until the spring , information about the case continues to trickle out .
But whether there will be a public inquiry into the matter may remain under debate for long after parliament has returned to session , and the longer it continues as partisan bickering , the more Canadians will lose interest .
As for the " economy of the future , " if Canada 's post - Copenhagen stance tells us anything , it 's that with emissions targets dependent on the US , Canada 's economy of the future will probably be as close to the economy of today as possible .
Which may suit Canadians , because while we like talking about change , we 're not a nation of risk - takers .
There ought to be nationwide anger that no sooner do things start happening in Canadian politics than the Conservative government pulls the plug .
But if 2009 taught us anything , it 's that we 'll be fine with it .
More people may be incubating variant CJD , the human version of so - called " mad cow disease " , than was previously thought , according to scientists who today report an unusual case of the disease .
All those tested worldwide since 1994 when the first cases were identified have been MM homozygous .
However , a 30 - year - old man who died of vCJD in January this year was found to have a different genetic makeup from the rest of the 200 or so people diagnosed around the world , and identified as MV heterozygous .
Six months before the man was diagnosed with the disease , he had been admitted to hospital suffering from personality changes , unsteadiness in walking that became progressively worse , and intellectual decline .
He told doctors he had severe leg pain and memory problems .
Two months later , he developed visual hallucinations .
The symptoms got progressively worse and an MRI scan confirmed vCJD .
Doctors from the MRC Prion Unit and National Prion Clinic at the UCL Institute of Neurology , and the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery in London , , report the unusual case in today 's Lancet medical journal .
The observation could be of concern .
In some other human prion diseases , such as kuru – thought to be linked to cannibalism in Papua New Guinea – people who are MV heterozygous have incubated the disease for longer than those who are MM homozygous before symptoms have shown .
Some MV heterozygous patients are reported to have incubated kuru for over 50 years .
It is possible , doctors say , that vCJD takes longer to develop in people who are MV heterozygous than in MM homozygous people .
" The majority of the UK population have potentially been exposed to BSE prions but the extent of clinically silent infection remains unclear , " say the authors of the paper .
About a third of the population have the MM homozygous genotype – and until now all the cases came from this group .
If individuals with other genotypes are similarly susceptible to developing prion disease after exposure to BSE , further cases would be expected , they say .
However , they add , it is possible that susceptibility to vCJD and incubation period may be influenced by other genetic factors which have not yet been identified .
Variant CJD is caused by prions , infectious agents which are made up mainly of proteins .
The same prions also cause BSE – bovine spongiform encephalopathy – which was dubbed " mad cow disease " because cattle who contracted it staggered when they tried to walk .
Prion diseases affect the structure of the brain or other neural tissue , and are currently untreatable and fatal .
• This article was amended on 21 December 2009 .
The original referred to " MV homozygous " people .
This has been corrected .
Jerusalem ( CNN ) --
Hundreds of protesters from the Gaza Strip and Israel converged on both sides of the main border crossing Thursday in an organized rally to call for the end of the economic blockade of Gaza maintained by Israel and Egypt .
In Gaza , approximately 100 international activists were joined by several hundred Palestinians in a march to the border , while some 300 Israeli , international and Palestinian activists demonstrated on the Israeli side of the border .
Carrying Palestinian flags and signs calling for an end to " the Gaza siege " and " Israeli aggression , " rally participants said they were trying to draw attention to the plight of Palestinians in Gaza .
On the Israel side , Knesset member and United Arab Party Chairman Ibrahim Sarsour called the continued blockade of Gaza " an ongoing tragedy for the Palestinian people " and called for it to be lifted to give people " a chance to live in dignity . "
Among the international protesters in Gaza were three orthodox rabbis from the Neturei Karta movement , a small anti-Zionist Jewish sect that does not believe in the state of Israel .
Rabbi Dovid Feldman told a crowd that he was " humiliated by what is being done in our name " and that Israel is " simply using the name of Zionism to perpetrate a crime . "
The Islamist group Hamas violently took over Gaza in 2007 .
Since then , the coastal strip of 1.5 million people has been subject to a punishing economic embargo by Israel and Egypt , which has greatly limited goods coming in and out and increased poverty in the war - torn territory .
Israel , the United States and the European Union consider Hamas a terrorist organization .
Thursday 's march coincides with the first anniversary of Israel 's 23 - day offensive against Hamas , launched in an attempt to stop militant rocket fire into southern Israel .
The offensive , called Operation Cast Lead , resulted in the deaths of more than 1,000 Palestinians and 13 Israelis .
Dubbed the Gaza Freedom March , Thursday 's event attracted the participation of about 1,400 international activists .
Organizers said they planned to enter Gaza through Egypt , but only 100 of them were ultimately given permission to enter by the Egyptian government .
Some of those who stayed behind in Egypt participated in a Thursday rally in downtown Cairo , according to organizers .
In the southern Israeli town of Sderot , a frequent target of militant rocket fire from Gaza , Israelis marked the Gaza war anniversary with a release of balloons with " messages of hope " from Israeli children to children of Gaza , organizers said .
" I think that the powerful message carried from children is sometimes better than the cunning negotiations for this or that Palestinian negotiator , " said Yuli Edelstein , Israel 's minister for public diplomacy .
" They are probably talking peace , but at the same time making war . "
PRESIDENT OBAMA has made news by making it known that he is considering a bank tax of some sort , ostensibly to help recoup the cost of the government 's financial interventions .
It 's not clear what kind of tax might be in the works .
The administration has previously expressed a lack of interest in either a transactions tax or a special tax on bonuses , though those might have found their way back on the table .
According to the New York Times ' Jackie Calmes , the lead contender at the moment is a tax based on bank size , or some combination of size and interconnectedness .
Much of the discussion of the tax on the economics blogosphere has concerned the likely incidence of such a tax ( see this and this ) — would a bank pass on the cost of the tax to taxpayers ?
Interest in this angle likely stems in part from recently related news that London firms were largely absorbing the cost of the special bonus tax and paying bonuses out in full .
It 's an interesting point , but not the most important one , which is that a tax on size would seek to correct for the large negative externality associated with the systemic risk presented by too - big - to - fail banks .
The larger a bank gets , the less likely the government is to allow it to fail , and the more shielded it is from potential losses .
Size therefore generates some significant social costs , particularly since the negative externality encourages firms to take on too much risk .
A tax on bank size would get firms to internalise the social cost .
And if banks were to pass the cost of the tax on to customers , that might not be such a bad thing , given that it would give a relative price boost to smaller banks .
Consumers are notoriously reluctant to change banks , a fact which reduces the beneficial effect of competition .
But as with a carbon tax , the effect of the levy would be to reduce bank size , regardless of who bears the cost of the tax .
Even though size and connectedness are n't the be all and end all of systemic risk — leverage is key , as well — this kind of measure would be a positive step toward limiting systemic risk and moral hazard in the American banking system .
And it would be another step toward a balanced budget .
That 's a lot to like .
As a Christian who happens to also be a lesbian , one of the phrases I hear a lot from those who believe homosexuality is a sin is that they do n’t hate me as a person , but they hate my “ behavior ” — in short , they love the “ sinner ” but hate the “ sin . ”
No matter what they say , however , hatred is hatred , and their hatred for my “ sin ” tends to overwhelm any manner of love they may feel for me .
All I seem to feel is their hatred , rejection , and wrath over my “ sin . ”
At least one right - wing leader , Joel McDurman , who is director of research for American Vision , an ultra-fundamentalist “ Christian Reconstructionist ” group in Georgia , would say I ’m right in that assessment , and anti-gay Christians should just give up the whole charade of “ loving ” gay people while hating their “ sin , ” and instead , hate both the sinner and their sin .
The evangelical mantra has always been “ hate the sin but love the sinner , ” which is good pastoral advice to a large degree , but even this piece of folk - wisdom falls short of the biblical standard .
God and His spokesmen reveal a clear role for hate of both sin ( Ps. 97:10 ; 101:3 ; 119:104 , 113 , 128 , 163 ; 139:21 , 22 ) and the sinners themselves ( Ps. 5:5 ; 11:5 ; 26:5 ; 31:6 ; Mal. 1:1–3 ; Rom. 9:13 ) in some circumstances .
Mind you , this is not hate in the sense of legitimizing interpersonal violence or anything like that : the Bible calls us specifically to avoid that perverted level of hate ( Prov. 10:12 ; Matt. 5:43 –44 ) .
But we are definitely called to revulsion of certain acts and of those that commit them in some instances ; and this certainly legitimizes social ostracizing in some cases .
This revulsion and separation the Bible commends as righteous “ hate . ”
Thumbing through McDurman ’s examples of where we ’re told to hate the sinner themselves , I find his selections puzzling .
First , the vast majority of them from the Old Testament , which contains laws Christians claim they are no longer obligated to observe .
Second , the passages do n’t say what he says they say .
Let ’s look at a couple of examples :
Psalm 26:5 reads : “ I hate the company of evildoers , and will not sit with the wicked . ”
Psalm 5:5 reads : “ The boastful will not stand before your eyes ; you hate all evildoers . ”
Even if we continuing to Psalm 5:6 we find : “ You destroy those who speak lies ; the Lord abhors the bloodthirsty and deceitful . ”
Psalm 31:6 declares : “ You hate those who pay regard to worthless idols , but I trust in the Lord . ”
What I read in these passages is a condemnation of actions , not the people themselves .
Hating someone ’s company does n’t equal hating them as a person .
The other verses speak of behaviors , being boastful , being a liar , bloodthirsty , deceitful , or worshiping idols .
There ’s nothing here that tells us to hate the “ sinner ” themselves .
The Romans 9:13 passage is even more puzzling , stating : “ As it is written , ‘ I have loved Jacob , but I have hated Esau . ’ ”
In this passage , Paul is not urging people to hate sinners or applauding hatred in general .
Instead , Paul uses the example of Jacob and Esau to show how God upends the “ expected ” order of things — Esau , as the older brother should have been favored over his younger brother , but God “ hated ” Esau , and instead favored Jacob , the younger brother .
Paul is not recommending “ hating ” anyone , but is using this historic example to underscore how God acts in the world — favoring the outcast , elevating those who are often scorned or forgotten by society .
If anything , this verse proves that those “ hated ” by society ( for their behavior or their mere existence ) are exactly those who have a special place in God ’s heart and God ’s idea of a “ perfect ” society .
This is actually good news for gays and lesbians who find themselves hated by society .
McDurman uses his essay to argue that the “ kill the gays ” bill currently being considered in Uganda is not “ unChristian , ” but is instead in keeping with biblical law .
God also reveals specific punishments for specific civil crimes .
He revealed that some civil crimes require restitution , a few require the death penalty . [ … ]
Now , it just so happens that God revealed that the homosexual act is a civil crime , and it just so happens that He revealed that the homosexual act as a civil crime deserves the death penalty .
I ’m sure McDurman delights in going down that logical road to advocate for the death penalty for gays and lesbians , but God also decreed the death penalty for those who disrespect their parents :
“ If anyone curses his father or mother , he must be put to death .
He has cursed his father or his mother , and his blood will be on his own head . ” – Leviticus 20:9 ( NIV )
For those who commit adultery :
” If a man commits adultery with another man ’s wife — with the wife of his neighbor — both the adulterer and the adulteress must be put to death . ” – Leviticus 20:10 ( NIV )
And for anyone you may call on the psychic hotline :
” A man or woman who is a medium or spiritist among you must be put to death .
You are to stone them ; their blood will be on their own heads . ”
– Leviticus 20:26 - 27 ( NIV )
I do n’t see McDurman rallying around those people being put to death , but he certainly has no problem with Uganda sending gays and lesbians to the death chambers .
In McDurman ’s rush to defend hatred , he seems to have overlooked the very things God is said to hate in the verses he ’s already quoted .
Psalms 5 and 26 use the word “ evildoers ” — which , in the King James Version is translated as “ workers of iniquity . ”
Such people are basically , those who cause trouble .
Who is causing trouble in Uganda ?
Gays and lesbians want to be left alone to live their lives without interference from anyone .
It ’s the government causing trouble in Uganda by singling out gays and lesbians for special persecution .
“ The Lord abhors the bloodthirsty , ” we ’re told in Psalm 5:6 .
Is the Ugandan bill not bloodthirsty at its heart ?
Certainly one can hate something in this world without leading a bloodthirsty call to rid the world of it .
The bloodthirstiness of this legislation ought to be hated by anyone , whether they claim to believe in God or not .
The bloodthirsty are not interested in learning from those they hate – they only want destruction .
The bloodthirsty are not interested in changing their minds about those they hate , or understanding those they declare to be evil or enemies of God .
No , their bloodthirst gets in the way – their taste for vengeance overcomes them .
This is why God abhors the bloodthirsty – they act out in anger and hatred with no thought of compassion and love .
It was Jesus who , like Paul , turned the law on its head .
In Matthew 5:43 - 44 , he takes the idea of hate being a good thing and puts that notion to rest once and for all :
“ You have heard that it was said , ‘ Love your neighbor and hate your enemy . ’
But I tell you :
Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you . ”
Loving our enemies does n’t mean destroying or killing them .
It ’s not a liberal , pantywaist , bedwetting neutering of the Bible to urge people to love one another and treat one another with respect .
It was Martin Luther King Jr. who pointed out that while we are commanded to love our enemies , we are not commanded to like them .
I have no warm fuzzies for McDurman and his kind , but I am commanded to look upon them with good will and hope that their hearts would one day be softened toward their fellow human beings .
Finally , McDurman touches on the reason why the separation of church and state is such an important facet of our society :
What it comes down to is the question , “ Who defines what hate is . ”
If we accept God ’s standards of love and hate , we must follow what His word says about the hate of sin , some sinners , and God ’s ways of handling that social doctrine .
If , rather , we follow the liberals ’ and humanists ’ definitions of hate , then we must believe that Christianity spreads hate and that sodomites spread love .
We will have no choice but to tolerate sodomy among us as socially acceptable , and teach our children that it ’s socially acceptable .
It really is as simple as deciding who is in charge of defining social values :
God or the humanists .
In McDurman ’s Christian Reconstructionist world , we ’d all be living under Old Testament law , whether we believed in his god or not .
However , in a pluralistic society , where freedom from religion is just as important as freedom of religion , it is the society , not the divine deity of some people , that decides what hate is and what is acceptable behavior .
McDurman is free to express his “ perfect hatred ” of that concept — and the rest of society is free to feel revulsion for his hatred , and thank God ( or whomever ) that he ’s not in charge .
When will you female candidates learn ?
You can't be too emotional , that makes you seem weak .
But do n't be too cold , that makes you an Ice Queen .
Definitely do n't focus on your gender , but do n't ignore it either .
Talk about your family and kids , but not too much , because a busy candidate can't be a good mother .
If you do n't have kids , you 'd better be extra warm and fuzzy .
So how can you act , you ask ?
That question remains unanswered .
Why ?
Because our society has developed so many extreme stereotypes for women that we no longer know how to respond .
We do n't know what 's safe .
As a result , female candidates end up trying to traverse the icy trail of double standards , attempting to choose between one extreme over the other , floundering around in the middle , or just trying to be themselves .
Hillary Clinton has always been a strong leader who does n't take any crap .
But it was n't her experience or vision that won over some voters , it was the fact that she cried on television .
( " Oh good , she does have emotions , I had no idea " ) .
Would voters ever need to see a male candidate cry to earn their support ?
Of course not .
But apparently Clinton had acted too removed , too hard , too much like ... a man for people 's taste .
But if Clinton had come out of the gate overflowing with emotion about women and her campaign , she would have been blasted for being a sappy female .
Meanwhile , Martha Coakley has repeatedly been called " icy " and is now criticized for not emphasizing the historic nature of her campaign .
But should a female candidate dare express that her gender is indeed one of her many qualifications , the response I always hear is , " I wo n't vote for a woman just because she 's a woman . "
It seems women just can't win .
And believe me , it 's not just women pointing this out ( nor are women excluded from judging based on stereotypes ) .
To Politico , Rep. Jim McGovern , D - Mass , recounted that despite her overwhelming win in Massachusetts , Hillary Clinton still faced sexism from voters there .
McGovern also brought up how a local paper concluded that Coakley 's new hair and makeup style were to blame for the race tightening :
" They would n't write this about a man , " McGovern said .
" I still think we have a long way to go to make this an equal playing field . "
James Carroll of The Daily Beast describes Massachusetts ' rich and long history of misogyny toward female candidates :
" The short of it is that the most liberal state in the nation ... practices the politics of misogyny .
When it comes to positions of real power , no women need apply .
Martha Coakley was croaked by an electorate that could not get past her gender . "
Martha Coakley 's loss in the special election for the Massachusetts Senate seat leaves many of us angry that the " progressive " state of Massachusetts continues to squeeze out women .
It also leaves us frightened about the future of women 's reproductive rights in the health care bill .
Without Coakley , preventing attacks on choice in health care reform looks bleak .
And if Massachusetts serves as a thermometer for the way our country is viewing female candidates , we 're in big trouble .
It 's 2010 , folks - when will the double standards stop ?
1977 : Gilmore executed by firing squad Gary Gilmore , the convicted murderer , was executed today by firing squad in the Utah state prison in Salt Lake City .
Gary Gilmore , the convicted murderer , was executed today by firing squad in the Utah state prison in Salt Lake City .
This is the first execution to have been carried out in the United States for almost 10 years .
Gilmore , 36 , was sentenced to death for the murder in 1976 of a motel clerk in Provo , Utah .
An appeals court in Denver overturned a restraining order on the execution in the early hours of this morning .
Let 's do it
Gary Gilmore before being executed
In his closing words , one of the judges emphasised that Mr Gilmore should take responsibility for insisting that his own execution go ahead .
" Among other people who have rights , Mr Gilmore has his own .
If an error is being made and the execution goes forward , he brought that on himself , " said Judge Lewis .
Within an hour of the ruling Gary Gilmore was dead .
The execution took place in a converted prison cannery in front of around 20 witnesses at 0806 local time .
After the legal order had been read , Gilmore 's last words were : " Let 's do it . "
A hood was placed over his head , a target attached to his t- shirt , and the five - man firing squad took aim and shot from behind a screen .
So that none of his executioners could be sure they had fired a mortal round , one of the rifles was loaded with a blank .
Laverne Damico , Gilmore 's uncle and witness at the scene , said his nephew " died like he wanted to die , with dignity .
He got his wish . "
Gilmore 's body was taken to the University of Utah Medical Center where his organs will be used for medical research .
E-mail this story to a friend
Watch / Listen
Killer dies ' with dignity '
In Context Gilmore was sentenced to death for the murder of a motel manager in Provo , Utah on 20 July 1976 .
He was also charged with killing a service station attendant in Orem , Utah , the previous day , but that case never went to trial .
Two aspects of the story make it exceptional .
Firstly , the death penalty had been controversially reinstated in the United States in 1976 and Gilmore was the first prisoner to be executed under the new law .
Secondly , Gilmore fought the justice system to ensure he would be executed quickly .
Gilmore had already spent 18 of his last 21 years in jail .
The journey was relatively short from sentence to execution compared to most US death row inmates .
Nevertheless Gilmore twice attempted suicide in prison while he waited , and the execution was stayed three times .
Two people received Gilmore 's corneas within hours of his death - which inspired punk band the Adverts '
Top 20 hit " Gary Gilmore 's Eyes " .
Gilmore 's final words were immortalised in T - shirts with " Let 's Do It " written on it .
On 2 December 2005 , Kenneth Boyd , a convicted killer , became the 1000th person to be executed in the US since the death penalty was reintroduced .
ROME 
It seemed a spirited defense of his nation ’s reputation : calling organized crime groups “ a terrible pathology , ” Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on Thursday criticized movies and television shows that fictionalized the Mafia for giving Italy “ a negative image abroad . ”
Such shows , he said , were “ an ugly trend ” that he hoped would end soon .
Yet if anyone can help stop the trend , perhaps it is Mr. Berlusconi himself .
His Mediaset company , Italy ’s largest private broadcaster , showed “ The Sopranos ” to great success on one of its pay channels , while its Canale 5 , a free channel , has shown “ The Boss of Bosses , ” a 2007 miniseries about the Sicilian Mafia boss Salvatore ( Totò ) Riina , and “ The Last Godfather , ” a 2008 program about the Sicilian boss Bernardo Provenzano .
In baroque Italy , where image and reality are so intertwined that the term hypocrisy seems inadequate , many did not even blink .
“ Those are the typical things you say when you go in an area with high Mafia density , ” said Gianluca Nicoletti , a radio commentator .
Besides , he added , “ I do n’t think he said it with great conviction . ”
In his 2006 best seller “ Gomorrah , ” on the Camorra , or the Neapolitan Mafia , Roberto Saviano recounts how some real members of the Mafia model their style on that of fictional mobsters .
climategate reporters go into conspiracy mode
A new conspiracy theory is swirling around Climategate which blames Russia for hacking and cherry - picking potentially questionable emails .
Photo via TreeHugger and Richard Hughes
TreeHugger has picked up on story in the UK ’s Independent which says that the hackers who released all the potentially incriminating e-mail snippets from the CRU at the University of East Anglia may be ex-KGB agents working for a sinister goal .
The evidence ?
Just like many nations with expansive computer networks , Russia has been getting its hackers ready for full scale military operations which would launch huge denial of service attacks at the websites of government agencies or infiltrate secure servers to steal valuable intelligence .
Just how powerful these tactics could be was seen earlier this year when a team of hackers attacked Twitter and Facebook to silence a blogger who ’s posts were a major thorn in the side of a very certain government …
But there ’s a bit of a snag here .
Why would Russian intelligence agencies , who generally deal with some very nasty business going on between organized crime and government officials , waste time with trying to attack a global warming modeling lab ?
The issue of global warming is n’t much of a hot button in Russian politics and despite being asked to cut carbon emissions , neither Medvedev of Putin ever had a problem ignoring what an international panel implored them to do , citing their national interest as justification for their stance .
And that ’s where the Independent ’s story gets really weird …
Up in the far northern reaches of Russia , there are stretches of hundreds of miles of boggy tundra ; human settlements are few and far between . [ … ]
Much of Russia ’s vast oil and gas reserves lie in [ those ] difficult - to - access areas of the far North .
One school of thought is that Russia , unlike most countries , would have little to fear from global warming , because these deposits would suddenly become much easier and cheaper to access .
Methinks that Shaun Walker , the writer of the original article , was quoting an awfully simplistic idea of how big of an effect global warming will have on the Russian Federation .
The worst case scenario shows a warming of about six degrees worldwide which is not exactly going to thaw out Siberia and make it easy to access the vast reserves of oil , coal and natural gas scattered under the permafrost .
And the warming would take as long as a century to reach these levels , which would mean that a nation strapped for cash and interested in doing a little geoengineering to make a profit would have to wait for decades until its plan came to fruition .
Meanwhile it ’s the remoteness of these resources which helps Russia negotiate the highway robbery type deals it does with international energy conglomerates .
Not to mention that woefully outdated Soviet infrastructure might not survive a major climactic shift , a point prominently noted in the article , and the government simply would n’t be able to fund the construction of new roads and cities .
True , the hacking of CRU ’s servers and the amount of time it took to parse thousands of e-mails to find some of the most potentially incriminating bits points to a professional hit job and considering the timing , it ’s not an immense stretch of the imagination to consider that someone invested a whole lot of money into this .
But we know of other interests who would have much more to gain from fanning the political flames .
Industry groups , lobbies and powerful think tanks who back denialists across the world tend to come to mind .
Looking towards Russia for the smoking gun might be a pointless exercise .
Their cyber- military has much bigger fish to fry and deals with problems the government finds far more immediate than global warming .
Gates promised that America would not leave until the Afghan and Iraqi forces stand up  even when he gets stood up , as he did by Nuri Kamal al - Maliki Thursday night .
Image Maureen Dowd Credit ...
Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
The Iraqi prime minister blew off a planned meeting with Gates because he was in a scorching closed - door six - hour meeting with Iraqi lawmakers , being taken to task for his failure to stop five bombings that ripped into government buildings Tuesday , killing 127 people and wounding hundreds more .
The defense secretary ’s aides tried to spin the snub , noting that their guy was merely an appointed official while Maliki was an elected leader .
When the prime minister finally agreed to reschedule the meeting for 7:50 a.m.
Friday , Gates ’s aides gleefully noted that , given Maliki ’s preference for sleeping late , it was a diplomatic triumph , even if the Iraqi had on pajamas under his suit .
After four days of preaching a message of love 
Gates said it was “ a myth ” that America likes war and called it the first time in military history that an occupying force was in Afghanistan “ on behalf of the Afghans rather than to conquer ”  he finally got some back .
“ You look very young  you look much older on TV , ” Maj. Gen. Turhan Abdul Rahman , the leather - clad Kirkuk provincial director of police , told the manicured Gates .
If Rummy had been dissed by our inglorious glove puppets , he would have blown his top .
But the disciplined , analytical , pragmatic , introverted Gates is no Rummy ( nor does he call his predecessor ) .
His form of ego is not to show ego .
When a much - anticipated trip to see an Army Stryker brigade in Kandahar was canceled because of fog , he dryly told us : “ As Clint Eastwood said , ‘ A man ’s got to know his limitations . ’ ”
The Cold Warrior who helped persuade the Reluctant Warrior to do the Afghan surge has sometimes been on the wrong side of history  with the Soviet Union , the Iran - contra scandal and the 1989 desertion of Afghanistan .
Most people mistake personal branding as to build better product , but it is actually to build better perception of yours among others .
That ’s because when you are online , your presence is important and people will judge accordingly whether you like it or not .
So you really need to care about other ’s perception about you as a brand .
And most people also think personal branding is difficult , but if you believe in your skills and ability – it becomes easier for you to sell your brand .
The basis of personal branding is that success does n’t come from personal development or hard work .
Instead , personal branding proponents claim that success comes from self - packaging with needed skills .
First everyone should understand that personal branding is just not a buzz word or a way for self - promotion today .
It is process by which we can market ourselves to other and this can be done not only by famous celebrities , but also by every individual online .
In other words , your personal brand is who you are , what you do , and your leading quality in the eyes of your ideal target market .
Through social networks or social media you can get in touch with tons of people and this network will help you build your brand .
Today there are ton of social media tools available to help you achieve incredible heights in no time and each one should understand the process to master it .
I really like how Mike Quindazzi & Vala Afshar are using power of social & content to build the thought leadership .
If you will go through their profile these are few common things that you can learn :
Both Mike Quindazzi & Vala Afshar are consistent in there updates .
Both have a defined niche & are regular in cross sharing as well as in interactions with similar niche people .
The quality of content is well analysed & extracted from whitepapers / research - reports .
You can also build your personal brand & thought leadership .
With that in mind , we shares suggestions & tips to master personal branding to achieve your desirable success .
10 . Select Niche
Personal brand in nutshell , is nothing but who you are and so it becomes important for you to select a niche for your persona .
To separate yourself from the rest of the crowd , create your own niche that increases your visibility and preserve your reputation .
Your selected niche should involve the application of one ’s name to various products .
For example , celebrity real - estate mogul Donald Trump uses his last name extensively on his buildings and on the products he endorses ( e.g. , Trump Steaks ) .
When branding yourself bear in mind that you must create a strong and reliable brand .
9. Identify Your Positives
Never be weak at your mission , you need to build up goals that can be achieved in a particular time .
And for that you need to identify your positives and forget what is negative .
Set up you goals and write down your mission statement along with a development plan on how to go about .
Your statement must tell everyone what you do and who you serve .
Note down some inborn skills that match up to your personal mission .
Perfect , cultivate and grow these talents to move ahead .
8. Be Precise and Clear
It is obvious that you want all the business you can possibly get your hands on but that is not how to grow a strong and reliable for long time .
You need to specialize .
You can not certainly be all things to all people .
You must be precise and clear about that one particular niche that will serve your audience neatly .
Do n’t run behind ten different things and lose your precious clients .
Accept the fact , if you might be good at one particular thing and perform that well , so that you never miss any opportunity to grab your audience .
It is ok to be narrowed down than to be dumped .
7. Establish Yourself
In Chosen Niche
The key to productively branding yourself and doing it successfully is to first establish yourself as an expert in your chosen field .
Once you have done that concentrate on who you are and what you stand for within your selected niche .
Your next step will be getting the word out through a variety of social media channels that are viewed by the people most likely to be interested in your message .
6. Let People Locate You Easily
Now that you established in your niche , you should allow people to locate you easily .
Create social profiles at Twitter , Facebook , Linkedin , blogs and more , so that you are spread all over , so audience can locate you easily .
But make sure you maintain your social profiles , otherwise your whole brand can go for a toss .
Use business cards and email letters to strength your brand identity .
Highlight your personal brand message with professional marketing communications tools .
Every email message gives you a direct chance to connect your personal brand with a new company or individual .
5. Build Your Reputation
Building strong reputation is the most important thing you could do to maintain your brand .
Create your own personal branding website with your domain name , so that when web surfers and other employers search your name , they get information about your career history , personal information and educations qualifications .
Build a solid personal brand with online activities which will further promote your personal mission and emphasize your career success optimistically .
4. Explore Your Audience
Audience is what we need the most to build up personal brands , they are the people that would pay attention to your work and also spread the good work around .
So if you trying yourself to wrong hands , and then certainly it will be a waste of time .
You must locate what consumers and companies will be interested in what you have to offer .
Your audience should be your niche group of people and you must try by all means to give them as much value as you can sooner or later .
3. Locate Your Competitor
This field today is too competitive to rest on your laurels .
You should make sure that your name remains in consumers mind when they need you , may be in next six month or later .
You cannot assume that they would remain your loyal buyers if you fail to keep your relationship current with them and your competitors will grab your buyer .
So locate who is your competitor and stay ahead of them without trying to break their status .
2. Monitor Your Brand
A personal brand is just like an exotic sports car , where you cannot afford to let it run at top speed without any maintenance .
If you do so , it would burn itself up .
Likewise , in personal branding you got to regularly monitor your brand to keep it relevant , alert , emotionally connected with audience and to be different from the competitor .
It is all about seizing every opportunity to meet someone new and maintain the pace with it .
1. Power of Content Marketing
People enjoy reading fresh and relevant content , which is unique or in some way special to them .
So to do this , you should customize your pitch to fit their preferences .
Using social media – Twitter , Facebook or Social bookmarking sites , you can spread your information online and make connection with like - minded people .
Write articles and blogs that can augment audience ’s knowledge about your brand in the industry .
You should explore the power of content marketing & define a content calendars for platforms like linkedin pulse .
Of course the most important factor here is trust !
You must build trust with your audience , just think about service provider in your own life – be it your manager , your hair stylist or your account – all get your business because they carry good relationship with you , and that counts in so far as the service they provide .
Try building personal rapport with the things you and your audience have in common .
Bottom line is trust ; your consumer / buyer must trust you emphatically !
Follow me on Twitter and Facebook for more updates and queries .
Horizon 's Ashly Burch Wants to Be in Mass Effect - IGN Daily Fix
Posted on January 19 , 2010
Rep. Weiner : Health Care " Dead " If Scott Brown Wins
" I think you can make a pretty good argument that health care might be dead . "
Visiting the dentist was , literally , a pain in the backside ; cures for toothache include drinking laxatives , or bleeding in the foot .
If the tooth is rotten ‘ it will be best to burn the nervous cord which is the seat of the pain with a cautery ; and then the cavity may be filled up with a mixture of wax and maslich ’ .
Or , the French way was to fill the hole with another human / animal tooth of the right size .
A Pentagon spokesman says there is nothing wrong or illegal with the armed forces using rifle sights inscribed with references to biblical passages .
Air Force Maj .
John Redfield , a spokesman for US Central Command , said the sights from Michigan - based Trijicon — which are now the target of controversy following news reports earlier this week — “ do n’t violate the [ military ] ban on proselytizing because there ’s no effort to distribute the equipment beyond the US troops who use them , ” the Associated Press reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This situation is not unlike the situation with US currency , ” Maj .
Redfield said .
“ Are we going to stop using money because the bills have ‘ In God We Trust ’ on them ?
As long as the sights meet the combat needs of troops , they ’ll continue to be used . ”
Meanwhile , a lawyer and former training officer for the US Army Reserves says that any attempt by the US government to cancel its contracts with an arms supplier that enscribes biblical references on its rifle sights would be “ discrimination . ”
“ I think if this private company wants to include in a long series of serial numbers some sequence of the numbers and letters at the end that have some sort of biblical reference , that ’s their right to do that , ” Hiram Sasser , a lawyer with the Liberty Legal Institute and a former US Army Reserves training officer , told Doocy .
“ Frankly , I think it would be discrimination to do something to try to cancel their contract simply because of that . ”
Doocy quoted the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , which has come out in opposition to Trijicon ’s practice , saying that “ it ’s wrong and it violates the Constitution and federal laws , as well , regarding separation of church and state . ”
“ Well if that were true , then we would not be allowed to display the Declaration of Independence in the National Archives , because of its explicit reference to a creator , ” Sasser said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Doocy also addressed the claim by the US military that it did n’t know about the biblical references on the rifle sights .
TalkingPointsMemo’s Justin Elliott argues that the military could n’t have been unaware of the biblical inscriptions , because gun enthusiasts have been discussing them for years .
“ They ’ve been doing this for years and years , and for the military now to say ‘ we did n’t know that it was on there , ’ what do you make of that ? ”
Doocy asked .
“ The big brass never knows what the soldiers on the ground know about what the serial numbers are , ” Sasser said .
ADVERTISEMENT
He added : “ The scope that these are printed on is a light - amplification scope .
If you look at those biblical references , they always have to do with amplifying light .
This is no different than any other play on words . ”
The Military Religious Freedom Foundation argues that the biblical verses make it more difficult to prosecute the war against terrorism .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It allows the Mujahedeen , the Taliban , al Qaeda and the insurrectionists and jihadists to claim they ’re being shot by Jesus rifles , ” the group ’s president , Michael Weinstein , said .
Trijicon is a sponsor of God ’s Great Outdoors , a radio ministry for Christian hunters on which the company ’s sales director , Tom Munson , has been interviewed .
Trijicon ’s wordmark is listed as a “ featured sponsor ” on the radio show ’s Web site .
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast Jan. 19 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
I can't believe NBC is favoring Leno over Conan .
Who even likes Leno ?
— Vork , via the Answer B!tch inbox
First of all , your terminology is incorrect .
There is no Jay Leno or Conan O'Brien , only Team Chin and Team CoCo.
Understood ?
For the record , most of you , my dear rabid B!tchlettes , appear to favor Team CoCo , aka Conan , in the latest late - night war .
You say he should be able to keep his promised slot .
But if you want to blame anyone for keeping Jay Leno on the air and shoving Conan out of his rightful 11:35 p.m. place , I have your scapegoat right here ...
THE DEPROLIFERATOR — Paul R. Hill was an aerodynamics scientist who led some key projects for NASA .
Also , like moon - walking astronaut Edgar Mitchell , he believed in UFOs , in part because of two personal sightings .
In fact , Hill marshaled his aerodynamic and mathematical expertise to the task of determining what made them fly .
. . and stop on a dime .
. . and change directions in a heartbeat .
The book that was the result of his labors , Unconventional Flying Objects ( Hampton Roads Publishing , 1995 ) , is one of the most respected works in UFO lore , as well as great fun to read ( despite all the equations ) .
Hill determined that their means of propulsion were — no surprise — an anti-gravity force field .
Of course , he was n’t able to conceptualize a working model .
Had he been , NASA would no doubt have yanked him out of retirement and become involved in a tug of war with the Pentagon for his services .
How , you ’re no doubt asking by now , do UFOs fit under the umbrella of “ Nukes and Other WMDs ” ?
Because they beggar the question :
Why are n’t UFOs ( assuming , for the sake of argument , a belief in their existence ) powered by nuclear energy ?
Perhaps it ’s impossible to configure nuclear energy to that end .
Or maybe , to extraterrestrials , it ’s an ancient technology long ago superseded by less hazardous scientific advancements .
Come to think of it , even for an earth technology , nuclear power is old — over 60 years .
We too would probably have developed an energy source to replace it ( as well as oil , of course ) .
But apparently the staggering cost of its development can’t be justified without a world war , as was Project Manhattan .
Guess the planet ’s looming doom thanks to climate change due in large part to fossil - fuel use does n’t qualify .
Could it be that aliens , aside from repudiating nuclear energy themselves , are opposed to its use — not to mention that of nuclear weapons — by other civilizations ?
At about the same time as Hill ’s book was published , a man named Robert Salas wrote about his experiences 30 years earlier when he was with the Air Force Strategic Air Command .
His job was to operate , maintain , and protect a Minuteman intercontinental ballistic missile base in central Montana .
Salas writes :
On March 16 1967 , Captain Eric Carlson and First Lieutenant Walt Figel . . . were below ground in the .
. . Launch Control Center [ while missile ] maintenance crews and security teams were camped out [ above ground ] .
During the early morning hours , more than one report came in from [ them ] that they had seen UFOs .
A UFO was reported directly above one of the . . . silos . …
Around 8:30 a.m. , Figel . . . was briefing Carlson . . . when the alarm horn sounded .
One of the Minuteman missiles they supervised had gone off alert .
…
Within seconds , the entire flight of ten ICBMs was down ! …
Power had not been lost to the sites ; the missiles simply were not operational because , for some unexplainable reason , each of their guidance and control systems had malfunctioned . …
When we were relieved by our scheduled replacement crew later that morning the missiles had still not been brought on line by on - site maintenance teams . …
Robert Kaminski [ who ] was the Boeing Company engineering team leader for [ a subsequent investigation stated ] : “ There were no significant failures , engineering data or findings that would explain how ten missiles were knocked off alert . . . ”
UFOs to Earth : The Milky Way Is a No- Nukes Galaxy
It turns out the nexus of nuclear weapons and UFOs is a hot topic on the Web .
Spearheading efforts to gather information and investigate the subject is one Michael Salla ( not to be confused with Salas cited above ) , who calls his popular website Exopolitics :
The political implications of the extraterrestrial presence .
( Aside to Dr. Salla : Ditch the goofy image of saucers buzzing the Capitol building . )
On the occasion of Obama ’s Prague speech , during which he outlined his disarmament plans , Dr. Salla commented :
Obama ’s intent to take steps towards a nuclear weapons free world has already been welcomed by many scientists , elder statesmen and national security organizations .
If a select group of former military whistleblowers are to be believed , there are also others that will be happy to see the eradication of nuclear weapons — extraterrestrial occupants of UFOs .
Dr. Salla then cites whistleblowers , including Salas , who . . .
. . . concluded that UFOs are vitally interested in nuclear weapons and have actively interfered with these in an apparent effort to deter the US and other countries from ever using them .
This is supported by the testimony of [ others ] such as Colonel Ross Dedrickson ( ret. ) who had worked with the US Air Force and Atomic Energy Commission [ and who claimed ] :
“ After retiring from the Air Force I joined the Boeing company and was responsible for accounting for all of the nuclear fleet of Minuteman missiles .
In [ one ] incident they actually photographed the UFO following the missile as it climbed into space and , shining a beam on it , neutralized the missile .
I also learned of a number of incidents [ in which ] nuclear weapons sent into space were destroyed by the extraterrestrials . ”
Raise your hand if you knew ICBMs , some with nuclear warheads , had been launched into space .
( Me neither . )
More recently , you may recall an episode of the Bush administration ’s that gained a lot of mileage on the Web — the Divine Strake , which was a test of a 700 - pound bomb planned for spring 2006 in the Nevada desert .
Dr. Salla explains that , based on statements by officials in the public record , the test might have been intended as a simulation — proxy might be a better word — of a test of the Robust Nuclear Earth Penetrator ( RNEP ) — a nuclear “ bunker buster . ”
He writes :
[ The ] delay of Divine Strake may consequently have been a result of . . . generals opposed to a nuclear bombing campaign against Iran .
There is , however , [ another ] explanation .
[ Extraterrestrials may have given ] warnings through their communications with individuals and military officials of impending action to prevent the possible use of nuclear weapons .
What ?
You did n’t get the memo that the Pentagon and aliens were , well , sending memos to each other ?
Be that as it may , what exactly is it about nukes that aliens object to ?
Dr. Salla again :
[ Former SAC man ]
Salas believes that UFOs interfere with nuclear weapons out of an altruistic desire to prevent nuclear war on Earth .
Dedrickson , however .
… claims that a nuclear weapons test over the Pacific in the 1960s was [ something ] that the extraterrestrials were really concerned about because it affected our ionosphere .
In fact , the ET spacecraft were unable to operate because of the pollution in the magnetic field which they depended upon .
Furthermore , Dr. Salla writes that French UFO researcher Eric Julien , who wrote the visionary The Science of Extraterrestrials , “ argues that there is a correlation between UFO behavior around nuclear tests and 74 alleged UFO crashes documented in Ryan Wood ’s book , Majic Eyes Only . ”
Seventy - four !
Odds are that adds up to a higher crash rate per flight than earthly aircraft .
If so , it ’s a testament to how , as Julien sees it , “ the use of nuclear weapons affects the time / space continuum in ways that disrupt UFO / extraterrestrial navigation and propulsion systems . ”
Dr. Salla concludes that the use of nuclear weapons may be a threat to extraterrestrial civilizations .
Planning to use them “ could provoke extraterrestrials to respond in a preemptive manner . ”
However open to the possibility of the existence of extraterrestrials , disarmament advocates should n’t hold their breath waiting for aliens to ride to their rescue .
( It ’s as chimerical as hawks who seek to huddle under missile defense systems . )
But if extraterrestrials are darting about our atmosphere , it ’s a safe bet that they ca n’t be happy about past tests of nuclear detonations and the prospect of their use in warfare .
Apparently extraterrestrials perceive a truth about nuclear weapons that many of us on earth do n’t — that they ’re a rip in the fabric of the space - time continuum .
First posted at the Faster Times .
The key here is that in order to win – whether it be on an idea , a bill or an election , there needs to be a connection with the voter and American public .
Essentially , it does n’t matter if Democrats , liberals , progressives , teabaggers or conservatives have the best " answer " .
What matters is :
Is it articulated in a way that resonates personally with the audience and their values ( and not in a " family values " sort of way ) ?
Is it honest and believable coming from the messenger ?
Is it being heard by the audience in the manner intended ?
by the audience in the manner intended ?
Is there a connection between the messenger and the audience that makes the audience want to help put that message into action ?
There have been diaries over the past few days that have said that corruption is the biggest issue or that GOTV is the most important thing .
There was one saying that we have to get the republicans on record – but THEY ARE IN THE MINORITY .
And while they are important items , they are all secondary to the right message .
Without connecting with voters and Americans , you wo n’t be able to " force " a GOTV effort – you need people that WANT to help with that effort – that BELIEVE in the effort and outcome .
Quite frankly , there is a serious message gap , which I think is a big part of the reasoning for the loss .
And not really just in MA but in NJ to a degree as well .
The Democrats won in 06 and 08 with " change " , " not Bush republican " and " hope " .
But once the party won , there were compromises with big insurance and pharma , favoritism and big breaks to Wall Street , a clusterfuck of a health insurance bill that had no message or leadership coming from the White House or Congress – just to name a few .
Sure , there were successes , but even those ( like the biggest middle class tax cut in history that was in the stimulus bill ) were not touted in the way they should have been .
There were excuses – we need 60 votes , and then when there were 60 votes , that was n’t enough .
There was no selling or countering the teabagger messages on health care - just a disaster that Obama never took the lead on , never took a real position on and never got out in front on - especially when the " slogans " came out from the right .
And whether anyone wants to believe or hear that or not , that is the case .
There is no simple , clear or concise message of " we are working for YOU " , neither stated nor in practice .
On the national level , there are bank bailouts , pharma deals , taxes on medical plans and cuts to Medicare .
Jobs are still being lost , homes are still being lost and banks are still paying out billions in bonuses given by the Feds while not helping struggling Americans .
Right , wrong or other , there is no feeling that struggling families are being put first .
Couple that with a disastrous policy in Afghanistan that the Yemen bomb attack proves is fruitless ( not to mention the fraudulent elections ) , and this is now Obama and the Democrats ’ to own .
In short , the " base " – those motivated GOTV ’ers and first time voters – has felt neglected at every turn .
Being insulted by Rahm Emanuel made matters worse , especially since there was no " bone " being thrown to the very progressives that essentially put Obama in office and gave the Democrats a majority in 2006 and a super - kick ass majority in 2008 .
The last PPP Poll in Massachusetts had some stunning numbers to back this up – and right now , the Democrats ’ health insurance giveaway bill is a LOSER with the electorate – whether anyone here wants to believe it or not :
Republicans continue to show much more enthusiasm about the election than Democrats , with 89 % of them saying they ’re ‘ very excited ’ to go vote compared to 63 % of Dems who express that sentiment .
Brown has a 59 - 40 lead among voters in that category .
The likely electorate for Tuesday ’s election continues to express skepticism about the Democratic health care plan with 48 % saying they ’re opposed to 40 % who support it .
President Obama ’s approval stands at 44/43 .
Here in NJ , Corzine 's accomplishments never resonated with anyone , and there was way too little in terms of outreach to the grassroots or netroots until Christie had a mid-double digit lead in the late summer .
Similar to Massachusetts , where I was told that phonebanks were light in volunteers , the campaign took a month off and had a disastrous message .
In all honesty , why would people want to take time away from their family when they do n’t " feel the love " ?
" The other guy is worse " just is n’t going to cut it anymore - especially when it is the Democrats who have gotten all they asked for in terms of votes , seats in Congress and the White House , and have squandered that goodwill through actions , inactions and no message .
Now it is very easy to run as an " independent republican " ( whatever the hell that is ) and poke holes in a flawed health insurance bill , take a faux populism stand and be in position to take seats that were never even thinkable .
Not so much unlike what the Democrats did under Dean when the republican Party was in a similar boat messagewise .
It is n’t blaming anyone – it is being honest and understanding what went wrong .
There is a base issue – there was in NJ , there was in MA , and there is all around the country when you see the polling numbers , or talk to motivated and dedicated progressives that have been shafted over and over and over again by those who made big promises .
Without the base and without a message that is believable and resonates on a personal level with American voters , nothing else matters .
With the base and with a message that connects and is believable , everything else will be so much easier .
***************
( New ) Update [ 2010-1-20 13:28:14 by clammyc ] : ok , so going through the comments , there are many who think this is only about messaging and there needs to be actions and good governing .
That is precisely the point of my " no base " comments .
The actions have depressed the base , which then can't bring indies over to vote Democratic because the policies and actions are n't ones that are palatable to the base .
This is about BOTH actions and a lack of message .
Without good policy , even great messaging is either lost or dishonest .
With good policy and lack of message , nothing gets through .
Anyone who was hoping the current administration would bring a modest downsizing of the nation 's defense establishment and global military role has to be feeling like Bernard Madoff 's investors .
Escalation is underway in Afghanistan , the Army is expanding , and the Pentagon is on the all - you - can - eat diet .
The American political system is set up to persuade citizens that they must choose between starkly different policies .
In reality , campaigns are mostly a showy exercise in what Sigmund Freud called the " narcissism of small differences . "
When it comes to defense , history suggests that the two major parties offer a choice on the order of McDonald 's and Burger King .
Anyone looking back 50 years from now at objective indicators would have trouble identifying a meaningful difference between the current president and the last one .
For that matter , it 's easy to assume that when President Obama began addressing national security policy , he accidentally picked up John McCain 's platform instead of his own .
Critics suspect Obama is a closet Muslim .
But maybe his real secret is that he 's a closet Republican .
The administration and its opponents both make much of its plan to withdraw all U.S. combat forces from Iraq by this summer and to pull the rest out by 2012 .
What both prefer to forget is that the previous president agreed to the same timetable .
Obama 's policy on the war he once opposed is not similar to Bush 's :
It is identical .
Afghanistan ?
Dick Cheney faults the president for allegedly failing to " talk about how we win , " as if Obama were doing far less than the Bush administration .
In fact , Obama has agreed to more than triple the U.S. troop presence in a war that his predecessor only talked about winning .
McCain called for a " surge " in Afghanistan like the one in Iraq .
Obama has given it to him .
Republicans nonetheless entertain the fantasy that at heart Obama is a pacifist , bent on gutting our military might and naively trusting the good faith of our adversaries .
Bush White House adviser Karl Rove recently complained that under this administration , " defense spending is being flattened : Between 2009 and 2010 , military outlays will rise 3.6 percent while nondefense discretionary spending climbs 12 percent . "
Read that again : Rove believes that when defense spending rises 3.6 percent , it 's not really rising .
Why ?
Because the rest of the budget is growing faster .
By that logic , if I gained 10 pounds over the holidays but Rove gained 20 , I 'd need to have my pants taken in .
As it is , the United States spends more on defense than all the other countries on Earth combined .
Yet we persist in thinking of ourselves as endangered by foreign countries that are military pipsqueaks .
Obama shares this view .
He thinks the only problem with the American military is there is n't enough of it .
He 's expanding the size of both the Army and the Marine Corps .
That 's right :
After we begin leaving Iraq , the biggest military undertaking in two decades , we wo n't need a smaller force .
We 'll need a bigger one .
Sean Hannity accuses the president of " cutting back on defense , " but he must be holding his chart upside down .
The basic Pentagon budget ( excluding money for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars ) is scheduled to go up every year .
Over the next five years , defense spending , adjusted for inflation , would be higher than it was in the last five years , when Fox News commentators did not complain about inadequate funding .
That 's not counting the increases requested by Defense Secretary Robert Gates to provide an additional boost of nearly $ 60 billion over those five years .
What all this suggests is that Iraq and Afghanistan have taught us nothing about the folly of invading other countries and trying to turn them into modern democracies .
The essential theme of the administration 's national security policy is reflexive continuity .
Why else would we need a bigger military except to do more of the same ?
So we are stuck with the consensus that has ruled Washington for decades — the expensive , aggressive policy that has inflated the federal budget and bogged us down in two unsuccessful wars while furnishing an endless , priceless recruiting message for Islamic terrorists .
Too bad .
None of this would have happened if Barack Obama had been elected .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
Live from Hawaii , Aloha Bruce brings you a twice weekly show called the Hawaii Vacation Connection every Fri at 10:00 AM Hawaii Time .
Bruce also brings you LIVE events from Hawaii whenever they are happening .
Bruce has captured LIVE the LOST premiere , and more recently coverage of the Tsunami that hit Hawaii .
Bruce has had a multi- faceted career from inventing and holding a US patent for a storage caddy for remote control devices to a radio broadcasting career in Miami , Connecticut and Hawaii .
Bruce was the first reporter to reach Kauai as a radio journalist for KGU radio in Honolulu after Hurricane Iniki in 1992 and did National feeds for CBS and Associated Press .
Why Star Trek : First Contact Sucks
Essay by Anthony Leong © Copyright 1997
" Two Thumbs Up "
" The Best Star Trek Adventure Ever "
You 've seen the ads , extolling the virtues of the latest Star Trek adventure .
Though it was commercially successful and well - received by critics and a non-traditional audience , the problems with this eighth Star Trek outing were many , and the true fans of the Star Trek universe could see them :
Production Problems
The opening credits were blurry .
What is this obsession with making the Enterprise a dark and moody place , instead of the well - lit and warm environment of the television series ?
The only time they did this on the television series was when they were in the alternate universe where the Federation was at war with the Klingons ( " Yesterday 's Enterprise " ) .
Plot Holes
At the opening of the movie , the Enterprise - E is doing research near the Neutral Zone , which is such a long distance from Earth that subspace messages are delayed an hour .
However , Picard and company listen to ' live ' battle communications and manage to warp back to Earth in time for the final battle .
If the Borg wanted to go back in time to stop the formation of the Federation , why travel all the way to Earth , and then do the time warp , when someone can see what they are doing ?
Why not go back in time where no one can see you and then go to Earth ?
Or alternatively , the Borg could have just gone back in time and destroyed either Vulcan or the Vulcan survey ship .
Why do the Borg always only send one ship to attack the Federation ?
If they sent two or three , they would be unstoppable ( especially with the ease by which Starfleet vessels are destroyed in a firefight against the Borg ) .
If the Borg Queen was present when Picard was Borgified in " Best of Both Worlds " , how did she escape the destruction of the Borg vessel at the end of the episode ?
So the Vulcan survey team picks up a warp signature from Zefram Cochrane 's ship during the very brief warp trip .
How did they know to land in Montana to find him ?
Who financed the building of the warp ship ?
In a post - apocolyptic world , I do n't think there would be too many venture capitalists with risk capital to spend on this sort of thing .
Hell , even NASA can't get money for unmanned space probes in this day and age .
When Picard and Worf went outside the ship to stop the Borg from completing their communication beacon , why did n't they just beam out there or use a shuttlecraft instead of doing a time - consuming spacewalk along the hull ?
The Borg are slow , yet they manage to take over the Enterprise - E virtually undetected and assimilate crew members .
Even if a crew member was trapped by one of these things , about to assimilated , they must have had time to alert someone with their comm badge .
And would n't the shipboard sensors have detected the presence of the Borg as soon as they got on board ( in the television series , the bridge was always alerted to the sudden appearance of an alien presence anywhere on the ship ) .
And once the Borg were detected , could n't the crew just have beamed them all into space ?
Picard shows up in the middle of the Starfleet battle against the Borg and assumes command of the whole fleet .
Who died and made him Admiral ?
Earth is a post - apocolyptic world following World War III fought with nuclear weapons .
Where 's the nuclear winter ?
Changed Premises
Picard has had seven years to get over being Borgified in " Best of Both Worlds " .
So why is he still so vulnerable when it comes to the Borg .
He did n't whig out in the other Borg episodes of the series ( " I , Borg " , " Descent " ) ... so why should he now ?
Plus he had the opportunity to destroy the Borg with the invasive program in " I , Borg " , but he felt it was unethical .
And what is it with this mental telepathy with the Borg Queen ?
How come Picard never experienced it before ?
It is possible to ' rescue ' a Borgified human being ... after all Dr. Crusher was able to save Picard .
But in " First Contact " , Picard shoots anyone who has been assimilated because he's " doing them a favour " ( proof that he 's whigged out ) .
If the Borg have a collective consciousness , why do they need a Borg Queen ?
What purpose does she serve ?
Troi seems to have lost her telepathic abilities .
She was alone in a bar with Zefram Cochrane and could n't figure out who he was .
In DS9 , Sisko always sends out at least two of his command staff on the Defiant .
In " First Contact " , he only sends Worf .
Equipment Oddities
The plasma coolant leak at the end ate away all organic tissue but did nothing to Data 's uniform .
Zefram Cochrane 's warp ship was a modified ICBM .
How did it land after the historic flight ?
It did n't have any wings or landing gear .
In " Thine Own Self " , Data was ' killed ' when he was stabbed by a metal spike .
In " First Contact " , Data is unharmed by bullets .
The Borg personal shields can stop phaser blasts , but do n't protect them from knives or holodeck machine gun bullets .
Speaking of the holodeck , when Picard ducked in there to escape the Borg , when did he find time to change his clothes ?
In " Generations " , Data was prisoner to the rampant emotion chip .
However , in " First Contact " , he can turn it on and off at will .
The USS Defiant is pretty useless for a supposed ' Borg fighter ' .
Not only has it been crippled so many times on DS9 ( by the Maquis and the Jem Hadar ) , but Worf had to abandon it at the beginning of " First Contact " after being pummelled by the Borg .
When Picard was assimilated in " Best of Both Worlds " , they removed his uniform and comm badge .
In " First Contact " , Picard kills a Borg and finds a Starfleet uniform and comm badge underneath the Borg outfit .
The Recycling Bin
Time travel , self - destructing the Enterprise ... nothing we have n't seen before .
The Moby Dick allegory for destructive obsession was already used before in " Star Trek II " .
The use of it in " First Contact " was really contrived .
Miscellaneous
Counsellor Troi was wasted in this movie , both figuratively and literally .
The highlight of her appearance was getting drunk for the sake of some cheap laughs .
Another character lost in the shuffle was Dr. Crusher .
Unlike in the television show , where she was seen as someone Picard could talk to , she merely ' did her job ' in this movie .
And her scene in sickbay was upstaged by Robert Picardo 's cameo appearance as the Emergency Medical Hologram .
" You broke your little ships . " ' Nuff said .
So much for preserving the time - line .
The loose - lipped crew of the Enterprise reveal interesting tidbits about the future to Cochrane , which is a definite no - no and use their futuristic equipment in plain sight .
Published on 21 January 2010 17:40 , euinside , Sofia
The participants in the UN climate change summit in Copenhagen in December 2009 did the planet a favor by refusing to endorse a binding agreement to drastically reduce carbon emissions .
This is the opinion of the director of Copenhagen Consensus Center Bjorn Lomborg , who is also the author of the book " Cool It : The Skeptical Environmentalist 's Guide to Global Warming . "
According to him , the world leaders ' inability to make progress may be the nudge the international community needs to face the real inconvenient truth : that after nearly two decades of fruitless efforts , it 's time to give up our Rio - Kyoto - Copenhagen fantasy and get real about combating global warming .
In an article for the Washington post last week Bjorn Lomborg wrote that in 2 points underlie the issue of global warming :
First , developing nations have no intention of letting the developed world force them to stop using carbon - emitting fuels .
They are understandably wary of any policy that might curtail the domestic economic growth that is allowing their populations to clamber out of poverty .
And that is precisely what drastically reducing their carbon emissions would do .
Second , even for more - developed economies , trying to force drastic cuts in carbon emissions makes no economic sense .
All the major climate economic models show that to achieve the much - discussed goal of keeping temperature increases under 2 degrees Celsius , we would need a global tax on carbon emissions that would start at $ 102 per ton ( or about 90 cents per gallon of gasoline ) -- and increase to $ 4,000 per ton ( or $ 35.51 per gallon of gasoline ) by the end of the century .
In all , this would cost the world $ 40 trillion a year .
Most mainstream calculations conclude that this is 50 times more expensive than the climate damage it seeks to prevent , the environmentalist writes .
Bjorn Lomborg offers a different solution .
Given that global energy demand is expected to double by 2050 , the only way to reduce ( if not eliminate ) our use of fossil fuels without crippling the world economy is to radically ramp up green - energy technologies -- to the point where we can increase our reliance on them by several orders of magnitude .
Instead of condemning billions of people to continued poverty by trying to make fossil fuels more expensive , we should make green energy cheaper .
This means radically increasing spending on research and development , Lomborg points out .
More about the climate conference in Copenhagen you can read here .
A wealth of psychological insights from ten more key social psychology studies .
Over the last 7 months I ’ve been exploring 10 more of my favourite social psychology studies , each with an insightful story to tell about how our minds work .
This follows on from an article I wrote two years ago ( 10 brilliant social psychology studies ) .
Key insights from each study are below but click through to get the full story of each experiment .
About the author
Psychologist , Jeremy Dean , PhD is the founder and author of PsyBlog .
He holds a doctorate in psychology from University College London and two other advanced degrees in psychology .
He has been writing about scientific research on PsyBlog since 2004 .
He is also the author of the book “ Making Habits , Breaking Habits ” ( Da Capo , 2003 ) and several ebooks :
→ Dr Dean ’s bio , Twitter , Facebook and how to contact him .
Blind grandmother lands monster 15st 4lb catfish ... and enters the record books
A grandmother has entered the record books after catching the biggest ever freshwater fish by a British woman - a 15st 4lb catfish .
Sheila Penfold , who stands at just 5ft 3in and is registered blind , was nearly dragged into the river when the monster catfish took her bait during a holiday in Spain .
The 56 - year - old had to be directed by husband Alan and son Arthur as she fought for 30 minutes to land the prized 214lb catch .
What a monster : Grandmother Sheila Penfold with a record 214lb catfish she caught on the River Ebro in Spain
It was the biggest fish ever caught by a woman in Spain .
Mrs Penfold , who is partially sighted , only realised how big her catch was when she saw it up close .
She said : ' I was exhausted but elated afterwards .
The record has taken a while to sink in .
' I 'm still walking around with a smile on my face .
But it goes to show that just because you are blind it does n't stop you breaking records like this .'
Mrs Penfold , from Wandsworth in London , used a bait of halibut pellets to snare the 8ft 2ins long catfish on the River Ebro near Barcelona .
She said : ' I had three rods lined up on the bank and when one of them tipped over Arthur told me which one it was .
' I grabbed hold of it and was immediately pulled towards the water .
Luckily I managed to stop myself and I started to reel it in .
' But for some reason I turned round and said that I did n't think it was going to be a big one .
Then all of a sudden it took off again and it took the line of the reel .
' When it broke the surface of the water Alan told me it was a big size .
I saw it for the first time when it was near the edge and it looked a monster . '
The specimen was so huge it took Alan , a 62 - year - old retired gardener , Arthur and two colleagues to heave it into a weighing slip .
Whopper : Mrs Penfold with tour guide Dan Davies , who helped her return the fish to the river in good health
After having her picture taken with it , Mrs Penfold returned the catfish back into the water in good health .
She said : ' Alan was n't at all jealous and was really pleased for me . '
Mr Penfold said : ' She is n't really a big woman but she stuck to it and got it in the end , although it took everything out of her .
' She did brilliantly , especially as she is registered blind . '
The record for the biggest fish caught in Britain by a woman is a 69lb 8 oz catfish caught by Bev Street , 46 , from Skegness .
Mike Heylin , of the British Records Fish Committee , said : ' I would think this is the biggest freshwater fish caught by a British woman .
' The only freshwater fish that grow to that size in the world are either sturgeon or catfish .
Anup Kaphle recently traveled to Afghanistan ’s Helmand Province to follow the soldiers of the Royal Gurkha Rifles .
These young men , mostly from rural Nepal , have long been recruited for service in the British army ; Kaphle followed them as they worked as trainers and mentors for the Afghan National Army and Afghan National Police .
Kaphle perhaps overstates the cultural bond between the Gurkhas and the Pashtuns of Helmand — they both speak a bit of Urdu , and share a love of Bollywood songs — but he does spotlight the importance of building genuine rapport between Afghans and the forces advising them .
Which brings me back to one of my favorite complaints :
The generally abysmal level of cultural and language training the U.S. military gives to deploying troops .
Sure , it can take years to learn how to tell a joke properly in Pashto ( or in any other foreign language ) , but basic courtesies and survival - level language skills are essential in what ’s supposed to be a sophisticated counterinsurgency .
Hell , if we were serious about this nation - building business , we ’d make Farsi , Pashto and Arabic mandatory in our schools .
But no , we ’ll stick to contract interpreters and “ human terrain ” experts instead .
Update ( January 1 , 2010 6:20 pm Pacific Time ) : I ’ve just finished a new post to include news of the last 72 hours .
In case you ’ve been hiding out in a post / continuing holiday stupor , Iran is going nuts .
Like a lot of people , I ’ve been glued to Twitter and various websites , trying to get a handle on what ’s going on in Iran .
I ’ve been interviewed by Radio Free Asia and CNN in the last 24 hours to provide my thoughts .
And I ’ve been twittering up a storm myself , passing along useful links when possible .
So , here ’s what ’s been going on :
Dissident cleric Grand Ayatollah Hussein - Ali Montazeri passed away in Qom on December 19 , 2009 .
The important seventh day of mourning for Montazeri coincided with the annual Shi’ite holy commemoration of Ashura , December 27 , 2009 .
As a result , many dissidents , reformists and other anti-government protesters took to Iranian streets in a renewed and continued uprising against the June 2009 re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Around 10 people have been reported killed during the chaos , including Seyyed Ali Mousavi Habibi , the nephew of reformist presidential candidate Mir-Hussein Mousavi .
Opponents of the government have called it an “ ordered murder , ” while Tehran police have described it as a “ terrorist incident ” and Keyhan , the state newspaper , has suggested that Mousavi himself orchestrated the killing .
The government is apparently keeping his body for “ further investigation . ”
The other leading opposition candidate , Mehdi Karroubi , was reportedly attacked after leaving a Tehran mosque on December 28 , 2009 .
Hundreds have been reported arrested , including the sister of Nobel laureate and human rights attorney Shirin Ebadi , as well as Ebrahim Yazdi ( whom The Daily Show interviewed in June 2009 ) , and many journalists and leaders of the reformist movement .
In addition , Reza al - Basha , a 27 - year - old Syrian working for Dubai TV has also been confirmed arrested .
The Agence France Presse is also reporting the arrest of a British citizen .
Tehran has accused the US and the UK of “ interfering ” in Iranian affairs , and summoned British envoy Simon Gass to the Foreign Ministry office in Tehran .
The government also turned out thousands of supporters of its own in cities across Iran .
The Speaker of the Iranian Parliament , Ali Larijani , called for “ the harshest punishment ” against the Ashura protesters .
Yesterday , President Barack Obama said : “ Along with all free nations the United States stands with those who seek their universal rights .
We call upon the Iranian government to abide by the international obligations that it has to respect the rights of its own people .
We call for the immediate release of all who have been unjustly detained within Iran .
We will continue to bear witness to the extraordinary events that are taking place there .
And I ’m confident that history will be on the side of those who seek justice . ”
Some Iran watchers view these protests as a key turning point .
Prof. Abbas Milani of Stanford University described this moment as the “ hour of reckoning ” for the reform movement .
Despite the fact that there ’s been a new wave of attention towards Iran online — including Chinese netizens using # cn4iran — and protests worldwide , I agree with The Telegraph‘s ( UK ) Will Heaven , when he writes : “ There has been no revolution in Iran , ” adding “ There ’s nothing wrong with spreading awareness outside Iran , but it ’s horribly naive to think that supporting illegal activity in a foreign country has no ethical dimension .
It ’s equally foolish , of course , to kid yourself that you ’re on the front line . ”
So , what ’s next ?
Well , if there are any seventh - day mourning ceremonies for those who were killed on Ashura , then that will fall on January 3 , 2010 .
Further , January 16 , 2010 is the 31st anniversary of the day the the Shah fled Iran , and January 29 , 2010 will mark the 40th day of mourning for Ayatollah Montazeri .
Further , the 40th day anniversary for Ashura will be February 5 , 2010 , exactly during the celebration of the “ Ten Days of Dawn , ” marking the return of Ayatollah Khomeini to Iran in 1979 .
Letting Meat Rest After Cooking : How It Works & Why It Makes Your Barbecue Better
In This Topic
Why You Should Let Meat Rest After Cooking
In one of my earliest barbecue experiences , I took a brisket out of the Weber Smokey Mountain Cooker after it was cooked and sliced into it immediately .
I was surprised to see a flood of juices run out across the cutting board , and when I ate the meat it seemed very dry .
My experience was an example of why it ’s important to let meat rest after cooking .
Allowing any meat to rest — whether steaks , thick chops , whole turkeys , briskets or pork butts — helps keep meat more moist and improves the texture & tenderness of meat .
How Resting Meat Works
Meat is muscle , and muscle consists of proteins , fat , vitamins & minerals , and water — lots of water .
According to The Science of Good Cooking , raw beef is about 75 percent water .
When meat is cooked , muscle fibers begin to compress and contract , which really puts the squeeze on water .
In the book CookWise , author Shirley O. Corriher says that up to 120 °F internal temperature , meat proteins shrink in diameter only and there is little moisture loss , but above 120 °F the proteins also begin to shrink in length — up to half their original length — which forces moisture it into the spaces between the muscle fibers and toward the surface and center of the meat .
For very lean cuts of meat , by the time they reach 170 °F internal temp , most of the moisture has been squeezed out , rendering them tough and dry .
When meat is allowed to rest after cooking , this process is partially reversed .
As the meat fibers begin to relax , moisture that was driven out is redistributed and reabsorbed by some of the dissolved proteins .
Rested meat holds on to more of its natural juices — they do n’t flood the cutting board when you slice into the meat .
And since our perception of tenderness is greatly affected by moisture content — moist meat is softer and perceived as being more tender than dry meat — the result is more succulent , tender meat .
How much moisture is lost when meat is not rested ?
America ’s Test Kitchen Radio did an experiment in which they cooked pork loin roasts at 400 °F to an internal temperature of 140 °F .
Here ’s how much liquid each roast lost after different resting times :
Resting Time Amount Of Liquid Lost 0 minutes 10 Tablespoons 10 minutes 4 Tablespoons 20 minutes 2.5 Tablespoons 30 minutes 1 Tablespoon 40 minutes 2.5 teaspoons
America ’s Test Kitchen Radio , “ A New Manifesto for School Lunch ” , March 23 , 2012
Just a 10 minute rest resulted in a 60 % decrease in lost liquid , and a 40 minute rest resulted in a 90 % decrease of lost liquid — and even after 40 minutes , the internal meat temperature was still hot enough to serve .
A 2 - 4 Hour Rest Makes Briskets & Pork Butts Better
Briskets and pork butts are commonly cooked to internal temps as high as 205 °F , which drives a lot of moisture out of the meat .
So why do n’t these cuts get tough and dry ?
Because they contain connective tissue that is converted to gelatin after many hours of “ low & slow ” cooking , and it ’s this gelatin that rehydrates the meat during the resting period .
Many competition barbecue teams will wrap briskets and pork butts in aluminum foil during the final stages of cooking and add broth , juice , or other flavorful concoctions to the foil package .
When the meat has finished cooking , they allow it to rest in the foil in an empty cooler or insulated Cambro box for several hours where it reabsorbs some of the accumulated liquid before being sliced or pulled for presentation to the judges .
It ’s been well documented that some of the best barbecue chefs in America like Aaron Franklin and Wayne Mueller wrap their cooked briskets in butcher paper and hold them in insulated Cambro boxes or custom warming boxes for 2 - 4 hours before serving .
“ It took our quality index from a low A to a high A , ” says Mueller .
Jeff Savell , professor of meat science at Texas A&M University and an expert on brisket , says about restaurants holding barbecue for 2 - 4 hours , “ My observation is that this rested barbecue …is the best ever produced . ”
At home , you can rest briskets and pork butts just like barbecue competitors and restauranteurs .
Place some towels in the bottom of an empty cooler to protect the plastic from the hot meat .
Wrap the meat with more towels as insulation and place into the cooler .
Monitor the meat temp to ensure it stays above 140 °F for food safety .
See Holding , Storing & Reheating Barbecued Meats for more details .
Carry - Over Cooking
Have you ever noticed that the internal temperature of meat continues to rise after removing it from the cooker , grill or oven ?
This is called carry - over cooking and is caused by residual heat transferring from the hotter exterior of the meat to the cooler center .
As a general rule , the larger and thicker the cut of meat , and the higher the cooking temperature , the more residual heat will be in the meat , and the more the internal temperature will rise during resting due to carry - over cooking .
This means the meat must be removed from the heat at an internal temperature slightly lower than your desired final internal temperature , allowing the residual heat to finish the cooking .
How Long Should Meat Rest ?
Most well - documented recipes on the Web and in cookbooks will specify the resting time , so follow the author ’s advice .
Otherwise , here are some guidelines for various meats .
Note that thin cuts of meat like ribs , chicken , fish , and thin steaks and chops need almost no time to rest after cooking .
They just do n’t have enough mass to hold a lot of residual heat , so there is little , if any , carry - over cooking , and if you let them rest too long , they ’re cold !
So for thin cuts of meat , the time it takes to get them off the grill and onto your dinner plate is enough of a resting period .
Resting Time Rise In Internal Temp Chicken , pieces
Barbecued at 225-250°F
Roasted at 350 °F .
0 minutes
0 minutes .
0°F
0 °F Chicken , butterflied or whole
Barbecued at 225-250°F
Roasted at 350 °F .
0 minutes
5 minutes .
0°F
0 - 5 °F Turkey , whole
Barbecued at 225-250°F
Roasted at 350 °F .
20 - 30 minutes
20 - 30 minutes .
0 - 5 °F
5 - 10 °F Pork ribs , spares or loin back
Barbecued at 225-250 °F .
0 minutes .
0 °F Pork butt
Barbecued at 225-250°F
Finished in a 300 °F oven .
2 - 4 hours
2 - 4 hours .
0 - 5 °F
5 - 10 °F Brisket
Barbecued at 225-250°F
Finished in a 300 °F oven .
2 - 4 hours
2 - 4 hours .
0 - 5 °F
5 - 10 °F Rib roast ( prime rib )
Roasted at 325-350 °F .
15 -30 minutes .
10 - 15 °F Steaks , thin chops **
Grilled over high heat .
0 - 5 minutes .
5 °F Thick chops , small roasts **
Grilled over high heat .
10 - 15 minutes .
5 - 10 °F
** From Cook ’s Illustrated magazine , July / August 2004
For example , when roasting a prime rib at 325 °F and targeting a final internal temperature of 135 °F , remove the meat from the fire at 120 - 125 °F , cover loosely with foil , and let rest for about 15 minutes .
The roast will rise to your final internal temp during the rest .
Cover Loosely With Foil … And When Not To
During the resting period , cover meat loosely with aluminum foil to prevent the surface from cooling off too fast .
Make sure the meat is on a cutting board with a “ gravy groove ” or a rimmed baking sheet pan to catch any juices .
An exception to this rule is chicken or turkey …if you ’ve worked hard to achieve crispy skin , covering with foil will soften the skin , so do not cover these with foil .
And of course , if you plan to hold brisket or pork butt for several hours in an empty cooler , you will want to wrap these tightly with foil .
See Holding , Storing & Reheating Barbecued Meats for more details .
Cooking Times & Temperatures
If you ’re looking for some general guidelines for cooking times and internal temperatures for various meats , see Cooking Times & Temperatures .
Back to Cooking Topics
Wright 's business was to shock and awe all mankind while doing what he could to épater la bourgeoisie at the same time .
In 1956 , there was neither the technological , nor indeed the financial , possibility of Wright 's Sky City being built .
It was a fantasy designed to impress .
So , too , is Burj Dubai – or Burj Khalifa , the Khalifa Tower , as we must now call it , after it was renamed yesterday in honour of the president of the United Arab Emirates .
Vancouver Canucks President & General Manager Mike Gillis announced today that defenceman Nolan Baumgartner has been recalled from the Manitoba Moose of the AHL .
Baumgartner , 33 , has played 30 games with Manitoba this season , recording seven points ( 1 - 6 - 7 ) and 20 penalty minutes .
The 6 ’ 1 ” , 200 lbs. defenceman was named as captain to the 2010 Canadian AHL All - Star Team .
Baumgartner recorded two points ( 1 - 1 - 2 ) and was a +3 in the All - Star Game .
The Calgary , Alberta native has recorded 45 points ( 6-39 - 45 ) and 67 points in 131 NHL games .
Career Regular Season Statistics
Season Team GP G A P +/- PIM PP SH GW S S % 1991 -1992 Calgary AAA Flames - AMHL 39 11 29 40 40 1992-1993 Kamloops Blazers - WHL 43 0 5 5 30 1993-1994 Kamloops Blazers - WHL 69 13 42 55 109 1993-1994 Kamloops Blazers - M-Cup 4 0 2 2 4 1994-1995 Kamloops Blazers - WHL 62 8 36 44 71 1994-1995 Canada - WJC - A 7 0 1 1 4 1994-1995 Kamloops Blazers - M-Cup 4 0 6 6 6 1995-1996 Capitals 1 0 0 0 -1 0 0 0 0 0 0.0 1995 - 1996 Kamloops Blazers - WHL 28 13 15 28 45 1995-1996 Canada - WJC - A 6 1 1 2 22 1996-1997 Portland Pirates - AHL 8 2 2 4 4 1997-1998 Capitals 4 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 4 0.0 1997-1998 Portland Pirates - AHL 70 2 24 26 -12 70 1 0 0 124 1.6 1998-1999 Capitals 5 0 0 0 -3 0 0 0 0 1 0.0 1998-1999 Portland Pirates - AHL 38 5 14 19 - 16 62 2 0 1 60 8.3 1999-2000 Capitals 8 0 1 1 1 2 0 0 0 6 0.0 1999 -2000 Portland Pirates - AHL 71 5 18 23 - 2 56 1 0 1 139 3.6 2000 - 2001 Blackhawks 8 0 0 0 - 4 6 0 0 0 7 0.0 2000 - 2001 Norfolk Admirals - AHL 63 5 28 33 5 75 4 0 1 132 3.8 2001-2002 Norfolk Admirals - AHL 76 10 24 34 1 72 4 0 1 2002-2003 Canucks 8 1 2 3 4 4 1 0 0 7 14.3 2002-2003 Manitoba Moose - AHL 59 8 31 39 15 82 5 0 1 109 7.3 2003 -2004 Penguins 5 0 0 0 -7 2 0 0 0 6 0.0 2003 -2004 Canucks 9 0 3 3 3 2 0 0 0 9 0.0 2003 -2004 Manitoba Moose - AHL 55 6 21 27 - 2 101 1 0 2 2004-2005 Manitoba Moose - AHL 78 9 30 39 - 5 51 7 0 2 2005 -2006 Canucks 70 5 29 34 11 30 4 1 1 73 6.8 2006-2007 Flyers 6 0 1 1 0 21 0 0 0 4 0.0 2006 -2007 Philadelphia Phantoms - AHL 51 6 20 26 - 8 46 5 0 0 2006-2007 Stars 7 0 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 4 0.0 2007-2008 Iowa Stars - AHL 56 5 13 18 - 8 47 5 0 2007-2008 Manitoba Moose - AHL 18 0 6 6 8 10 0 0 2008-2009 Manitoba Moose - AHL 72 11 22 33 16 50 3 2 4 NHL Totals 131 6 39 45 4 67 5 1 1 121 5.0
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
During the Copenhagen conference in Denmark , leaders from around the world addressed climate change , carbon footprints and ways to solve the dilemma .
However , they failed to address the core issue : human overpopulation .
My friend Richard Heinberg , author of “ Peak Everything : Waking up to the Century of Declines , ” gave this point about the conference : “ The discussions in Denmark took place in a conceptual fantasy world in which climate change is the only global crisis that matters much ; in which rapid economic growth is still an option ; in which fossil fuels are practically limitless ; in which a Western middle class staring at the prospect of penury can be persuaded voluntarily to transfer a significant portion of its rapidly evaporating wealth to other nations ; and in which the subject of human overpopulation can barely be mentioned .
No wonder more was n’t accomplished . ”
As a six - continent world traveler having witnessed global overpopulation , I see the folly in trying to solve a symptom of the problem without addressing its cause .
Human overpopulation is the single greatest issue facing humanity in the 21st century .
We solve it or suffer accelerating human tragedy .
FROSTY WOOLDRIDGE
Golden , Colo .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Just sit right back and you 'll hear a tale ,
A tale of a voyage long ,
Of pilgrims headed ' cross the land ,
Nine and twenty strong .
The Knight was a most distinguished man ,
The Skipper brave and sure ,
The Doctor had a love for gold ,
The Franklin was a whore .
The Franklin was a whore .
The travellers , they found an inn ,
The Tabard was its name ;
If not for the segues of the Host ,
The story would be lame .
The story would be lame .
The pilgrims set out on their course ,
St. Christopher they sought ;
With the Wife of Bath ,
The Miller too ,
The Summoner ,
And the Reeve ,
The Pardoner , and the rest ,
To Canterbury they go !
[ / caption ]
Planet hunters have detected an extrasolar planet that is only four times the mass of Earth , making it the second smallest exoplanet ever discovered .
Astronomers using the 10 - meter Keck I telescope at the Keck Observatory in Hawaii found the un-poetically named HD156668b , which has a mass of roughly 4.15 Earth masses .
It orbits its parent star in just over four days and is located roughly 80 light years from Earth in the direction of the constellation Hercules .
This adds to the growing list of so - called “ Super - Earths ” now being found .
“ This is quite a remarkable discovery , ” said astronomer Andrew Howard of the University of California at Berkeley .
“ It shows that we can push down and find smaller and smaller planets . ”
The researchers used the radial velocity or wobble method , using Keck ’s High Resolution Echelle Spectrograph , or HIRES instrument , to spread light collected from the telescope into its component wavelengths or colors .
When the planet orbits around the back of the parent star , its gravity pulls slightly on the star causing the star ’s spectrum to shift toward redder wavelengths .
When the planet orbits in front of the star , it pulls the star in the other direction .
The star ’s spectrum shifts toward bluer wavelengths .
The color shifts give astronomers the mass of the planet and the characteristics of its orbit , such as the time it takes to orbit the star .
Nearly 400 planets around other stars were discovered using this technique .
But , the majority of these planets are Jupiter - sized or larger .
“ It ’s been astronomers long - standing goal to find low mass planets , but they are really hard to detect , ” Howard said .
He added that the new discovery has implications for not only exoplanet research but also for solving the puzzle of how planets and planetary systems form and evolve .
Astronomers have pieces of the formation and evolutionary puzzle from the discovery of hundreds of high - mass planets .
But , “ there are important pieces , we do n’t have yet .
We need to understand how low mass planets , like super - Earths , form and migrate , ” Howard said .
The goal of the Eta - Earth Survey for Low Mass Planets , which was the brainchild of fellow planet hunter Geoff Marcy , also from UCB , to find these super - Earths .
So far the survey has discovered two near - Earth - mass planets with more are on the way , Howard said .
Other collaborators included , Debra Fischer of Yale University , John Johnson of the California of Institute of Technology and Jason Wright of Penn State University .
The discovery was announced at the 215th American Astronomical Society meeting in Washington D.C .
Source : Keck
Anti-virus software infested XP meltdown
Some mighty big changes have been afoot at WebFLUX central lately .
Firstly , a few months past I repeatedly rolled my Windows XP further and further back via the its restore function , in an effort to get rid of some nagging glitches I was experiencing .
I 'd done rollbacks of this nature before , usually on average once every nine months or so , with no problem .
However , this time I did n't know I had a ticking time bomb in my system , in the form of an XML file created by my free Avira anti-virus app .
That XML file got erased by XP 's rollback , and for some reason that caused Avira to go medieval on my PC 's ass .
From that moment on , my PC ran worse than it ever had before in my ownership .
I tried everything I could to fix it , including much online research ( which helped me figure out Avira 's role ) .
I first tried small fixes .
Then when they did n't work , I tried bigger ones .
Finally though , I had to just throw up my hands and nuke the hard drive : do a full format and re-install of everything .
The last resort hard disk nuke
This is a move you really , really do n't want to do unless absolutely necessary , as it can literally require months for you to get your system back into full working order again afterwards .
Even if your data files are fairly well backed up like mine .
The trouble comes from having to re-install many apps , plus reconfigure internet access , email , FTP , etc .
And it 's easy for it to slip your mind about backing up your old email archives , and lose all those completely .
At this point some may ask ' how come you have n't got an exact up to the minute full mirror of your whole drive you can easily restore from in minutes ' ?
And I 'd say I 'm poor and can't afford such extra hardware / software .
Plus , I do n't trust it .
For when I did trust very expensive versions of such stuff in my corporate network administrator job decades back , it simply did n't work .
The only backups which worked back then were the manual ones I 'd done of my company servers for added safety .
And so to this day I manually back up my personal files too every day .
I do hope like blazes that commercial backup systems are better today than they were in 1990 , for all our sakes .
But I have no evidence that they are .
Microsoft stops playing nice with XP updates
So I took my XP PC back to its roots .
Then set about reconfiguring everything .
Then discovered that for some reason Microsoft would n't automatically allow my XP to update itself again with the SP updates online .
So I had to manually try doing that too , due to the malware danger to unpatched systems .
Maybe due to that , I experienced a whole new glitch since then , where any web browser ( but no other net program ) on my PC randomly loses its internet connection at least once a day , forcing a reboot to regain it .
Agh !
This problem too seems to have no easy or practical solution , based upon my net research .
Today 's bloated and malware beleaguered XP is a molasses - slow memory hog I had other problems too , of course .
Getting all the SP patches back into XP makes XP very bloated and sluggish on a 2 Mhz PC with only 640 MB RAM .
My PC can go up to 1 GB , so I decided to swap out my 128 MB card with a 512 MB card , and max it out to see if that helped ( I must avoid just buying a new PC to fix the problem if at all possible , due to ever present money shortages ) .
The trials and tribulations of mixing new memory with old PCs Unfortunately , the new 512 MB card refused to play nice with my old 512 MB card , and so I could n't boost my PC memory as I 'd meant to .
It 's a hassle returning stuff via mail order , plus I 'd never had problems with Crucial.com memory before , and I figured I 'd try every different configuration I could to get it to work before I gave up ( because stuff like memory can be finicky ) .
Apparently my BIOS could n't take the substantial difference in memory tech the new card possessed -- unless the same sort of card was present in both slots .
It took me a lot of case teardowns and rebuilds and booting to find this out .
But the new card would not work with any combo whatsoever of my old 512 , 256 , and 128 MB cards ( I have two virtually identical Compaq PCs I was trying this on ) .
After having not found a single instance where I could get the new card to work , I realized there was one contingency I had n't tested for : letting the card exist by itself in the lower memory bank .
I tried it alone in the upper by mistake and it had n't worked .
Because it turned out if only one bank had a card , it needed to be the lower one .
Of course , a standalone 512 MB card in my own PC would n't help matters , as I already had 640 MB there , and needed more , not less .
So I tried this last ditch configuration before getting a return authorization , on my second PC , usually used only by my nephews .
For it only had 384 MB up to then .
It worked !
An opening for Ubuntu Of course , this did n't solve my original problem .
But it did create a new opportunity .
For you see , I 've been curious about Ubuntu Linux for quite some time .
The incessant problems of Macs and Windows over the years have left me yearning for an alternative .
Of course , I also do n't want to go back to the DOS / command line days either ( I 'm not insane , and have n't been a programmer for a long time now ) .
512 MB is the minimum RAM recommended for desktop Ubuntu these days .
Before this , I 'd never had a PC with the minimum recommended RAM available for a Linux test platform before .
Plus , I 'd been waiting as long as I could before testing , hoping that the geeks would squeeze all the worst bugs out of Ubuntu , plus make it easy to use in a practical fashion .
And atop all that , the ever fatter XP OS and ever more demanding web browser were badly squeezing me in XP .
And Mac OS X was no better than XP in my experience .
In fact , it was worse , when you compared prices , free app libraries , and various compatibility and troubleshooting issues .
So I long for an exit from both Windows and Mac.
Ubuntu is also billed in some quarters as being much less demanding of hardware resources , and so better for older hardware than Windows and Mac .
And all I have here is old hardware .
So I went for it .
Downloaded Ubuntu and burned it to CD , via the instructions provided by Ubuntu 's mothership itself , Canonical .
Ubuntu 's obstacle course for newbies
Note that despite having been at it for quite a few years now , Canonical and / or Ubuntu still suffers some big problems in its web site where newbies are concerned , in regards to people downloading and burning CDs .
Some of the instructions simply are n't correct or accurate , and some of the Windows software they recommend to help just does n't work , and might even crash your PC when used .
This does n't sound too auspicious , does it ?
Well , poverty , Apple , and Microsoft have made me desperate .
So I continued on .
Followed all Canonical 's directions to the letter ( at least where I could successfully navigate through all their instructional errors and crash - prone Windows utilities ) .
I finally got my verified Ubuntu installation CD , and tried it on the 512 MB Compaq .
The Ubuntu tour is more important than you think The CD seems to force you to try Ubuntu first via a tour which will leave your Windows system intact .
This is a good idea which you should n't try to bypass , as the tour basically helps you preview how well Ubuntu will adapt to your hardware on its own .
I say this is a good idea because Ubuntu will have quite severe problems adapting on some PCs , and leave you glad you can retreat back to Windows again , no harm done .
Ubuntu 's great first impression
However , I was unaware of the full extent of that particular risk in my first install , and was impressed to see Ubuntu actually seem to do a better job with my PC 's sound system than XP ever did .
Indeed , on my 512 MB RAM 2 Ghz Compaq Presario S4020 WM
Ubuntu seemed to exhibit no significant problems at all .
Although during the install a non -geek user will surely become somewhat uneasy due to the gobbledygook they see flashing by onscreen .
You have to be patient on old PCs like this with all installs , including even those Windows - related , and give them time to finish the job before pulling the plug prematurely .
I played with Ubuntu a bit , but not much .
For I was expecting my little nephews for Thanksgiving .
I figured they 'd test it out for me over the long weekend .
I did make sure to set up flash and video players for the web browser , as well as logins for them .
And explored the main menus and surfed some myself with it in testing ( for I needed to be able to give others some basic instructions on using the new OS ) .
But that was about it .
Thanksgiving came and went , and the reborn Compaq was a much bigger hit than I expected .
After the little ones left , my young adult niece and nephew got a gander at it , and my nephew liked it so much he borrowed my Ubuntu CD to take home and install it on an old Sony Vaio desktop there .
I did warn him I was still testing my setup to see if I could migrate to it personally , and that he should n't install it in situations where he could n't roll back to Windows again if needed .
Ubuntu 's performance in the Compaq gave me high hopes for my own migration .
However , keep in mind the Compaq was pretty old and housed plain vanilla hardware .
It uses built in graphics on the motherboard , and had never had anything added to it but memory .
My own Compaq on the other hand possesses a 21 inch flat screen and the cheapest possible graphics card to drive it , both bought some years back .
I still needed to plot out the best way to successfully migrate without suffering major problems or risks .
But in the meantime , I had taken delivery of a considerable stash of computer junk over Thanksgiving , and set about trying to see what could be salvaged from it .
Playing Frankenstein with some old computer parts
The most important component was an old Sony Vaio RX - 540 desktop PC .
I 'd bought it for my niece and nephew when they were like 13 and 11 respectively , in 2001 .
Now , in 2009 , they held their own jobs and could ( and were ) acquiring their own computers .
Outgrown the Vaio .
And well trashed it , too ( used it completely up , I mean ) .
The monitor was dead , the BIOS at boot up was warning that hard drive failure was imminent , and the DVD drive would n't open .
There were also worrisome artifacts in the video .
And its factory RAM had never been expanded from 256 MB .
I 'd told them I wanted the carcass , and they brought it .
I did research online regarding the specs of the Vaio , plus a lot of other old junked computers I have lying around , and found some parts I could possibly use .
I replaced the Vaio 's failing 60 GB hard drive with a 30 GB from an old HP PC .
Replaced its dead DVD - ROM drive with a DVD - RW from an old Mac .
Blew out a ton of awful dust and lint and hair it'd sucked up from the environment and collected inside the case .
Locked down an AGP graphics card my nephew had installed years before for gaming ( the latch was open ) .
Replaced the dead 17 inch CRT with another 17 inch CRT I had handy .
Then re-installed the original XP on it to see what further info I could get on its hardware status .
All aspects seem to be functional again .
And all it lacks now is another 256 MB RAM to get it up to its system max , and the recommended minimum for Ubuntu .
So I 've ordered the RAM .
I 've also ordered another 512 MB for the Ubuntu Compaq , to boost it to its maximum , and see how that improves its performance .
Oh , and by the way , I did manage to boost my own PC RAM a little during all this , with the 256 MB card from the Ubuntu Compaq that was replaced with the first 512 MB card .
Leaving my personal machine with 768 MB now .
Unfortunately , that small boost has n't seemed to help overall performance much .
Dashed hopes about a quick and easy install for my own machine And I got more bad news .
I made a new Ubuntu CD since I was n't sure my nephew would return the original in time , and used it to take the first step tour with my own PC -- the first time I 'd done that .
There , I discovered some very bad glitch between Ubuntu and my cheap graphics card , which causes my whole display to go black for a full second almost every other time I move the screen cursor with my mouse .
Ouch !
Yes : there might be a way to fix this .
But no : I do n't know nearly enough about Ubuntu to do it myself .
I did some research about it , and it seems to be a non-trivial problem , to put it lightly .
Contingency plans
So I may be stuck here .
Unable to migrate my own PC to Ubuntu .
But hopefully I 'll soon be able to add the old Vaio to my Ubuntu PC camp .
And the Vaio could even give me a test bed to try tweaking Ubuntu drivers to work better with graphics cards -- since the Vaio has one too ( a much better one than mine ) .
Failing that though , I may be forced to buy another PC for my personal use .
Maybe even a new one , as I can't afford to get bogged down for much longer with system problems .
For a while I was thinking I could simply get a good deal on a refurbed XP or Vista machine and put Ubuntu on it but now I know there 's no guarantee Ubuntu would work on such a beast .
I definitely need to escape XP .
And am wary of Vista , from reports I 've heard .
So I guess I 'd have to go with Windows 7 , if I can't find some way to move to Ubuntu .
Besides learning some video card tricks from the Vaio to apply to my own PC for an Ubuntu move , I might also consider simply leaving my PC as a legacy XP station for compatibility reasons , and moving myself to the second ( already Ubuntu ) Compaq , after it gets upgraded to a full GB of memory .
But I 'd need to take my flat screen with me , even if I can't take the graphics card .
And it would have to perform adequately off the onboard VGA port .
That will require some testing .
I think I 'd also have to replace the CD drive in that Compaq , as it seems it can read but not write CDs .
I think I have another CD - RW in a junked PC I can use for this .
My intentions would be to have both my XP PC and my Ubuntu PC on my desk for a while , on a trial basis , to see if I can truly move without major problems .
Then move my XP to another room if things work out .
I also have an old 256 MB XP laptop I can boost to 512 MB , then convert to Ubuntu .
I really have little choice on that one , as XP itself never ran well on the machine .
Using it for nothing more than a file backup repository still saw me having to completely overhaul XP on it at least once .
Talk about being unable even to do light duty tasks !
Hopefully it'll do better under Ubuntu .
I do n't look forward to making these changes , even if they all prove successful -- for it's a considerable hassle , even if everything works as expected .
And I only get to enjoy that scenario about once out of every seven to ten times I try something new .
Ouch !
The laptop display is much too small for me , and the performance much too slow to use for anything but a backup net terminal or kid's web station .
So that 's what I 'll make it , if I can .
If worst comes to worst though , I guess I 'll buy a new or refurbed Windows 7 machine .
Hopefully something under $ 300 to $ 400 .
That I can use my existing LCD with .
I 'm hoping to find some way to avoid that expense though , via Ubuntu .
a - j m o o n e y h a m .
c o m - o r i g i n a l
Mrs Wayman said she suffered for five months with the pin in her toe
A woman from County Durham is taking legal action against an NHS Trust claiming a 1.2 inch metal pin was left in her foot after an operation .
Janice Wayman , 49 , was admitted to the Darlington Memorial Hospital in County Durham in March last year for an operation to straighten her toes .
Mrs Wayman , from Ferryhill , had metal pins inserted into her foot and she was put in a plaster for five weeks .
Months later she claims a pin started to work its way free from her toe .
' Metal protruding '
Mrs Wayman , who suffers with osteoarthritis , is now taking her case against the County Durham and Darlington NHS Foundation Trust to court .
She said : " I returned to work shortly after the surgery , but I struggled every day .
" I had a wedding to attend in Las Vegas in June 2009 .
The pain in my foot ruined the holiday and I had to get taxis everywhere I went as I could only tolerate walking a short distance .
" By August 2009 the pain in my foot had not subsided and I was getting pain in my little toe , like I had an ingrown toenail .
" I cut my toenail to then discover a piece of metal protruding from my toe . "
A spokeswoman for County Durham and Darlington NHS Foundation Trust said : " This case is subject to an active legal claim so it is not appropriate to comment . "
A 1/2 Rotation Backflip Can Be Rather Painful ( GIF )
It may be safe to say that nothing makes a better GIF than a failed attempt at a gymnastics maneuver .
The seemingly slow motion and constant replay of someone falling flat on their face ( or in this case , on their head ) is especially pleasing , as long as you are not the one who has to deal with the resulting pain .
Something tells me that this kid will not be trying anymore crazy stunts anytime soon .
however , if he plays his cards right , he may be able to use this accident to get out of doing his math homework for a couple of nights .
Share This
MUMBAI : In a significant ruling , a three - judge bench of the Bombay high court on Wednesday held that in India , criticism of any religion -- be it Islam , Hinduism , Christianity or any other -- is permissible under the fundamental right to freedom of speech and that a book cannot be banned on those grounds alone .
However , the criticism must be bona fide or academic , said the court , as it upheld a ban issued in 2007 by the Maharashtra government on a book titled ` Islam - A Concept of Political World Invasion by Muslims . '
The book contained was an " aggravated form of criticism made with a malicious and deliberate intention " to outrage the feelings of Muslims , the court said .
Delivering the landmark verdict on Wednesday , the court has in a rare instance upheld the state 's ban on a book but at the same time brought joy to civil rights activists when it held that , " in our country , everything is open to criticism and religion is no exception .
Freedom of expression covers criticism of religion and no person can be sensitive about it . "
The bench , comprising Justices Ranjana Desai , D Y Chandrachud and R S Mohite , said , " Healthy criticism provokes thought , encourages debate and helps us evolve .
But criticism cannot be malicious and must not lead to creating ill - will between different communities ... ( it ) must lead to sensible dialogue . "
The courts must strike a balance between the guaranteed freedom and permissible restrictions , " a difficult task " , as the 150 - page HC verdict penned by Justice Desai observed .
The book , authored by R V Bhasin , a Mumbai - based advocate , in 2003 had been in circulation for four years before the state felt the need to ban it for " several derogatory and false statements about Muslim religion , the community , Mohammed Paigambar and Muslim priests " .
Bhasin later told TOI that he would go to the Supreme Court in appeal .
" Freedom of speech cannot be blocked on interpretation , " he said .
Bhasin challenged the ban the same year and his counsel J P Cama argued at length that freedom of speech and expression has to be protected and unless a book gives rise immediately to a present and sudden danger of disrupting communal or societal peace , its ban can not be justified .
He said the author placed certain lesser - known aspects about Islam before the people and said , " Assuming he is wrong , he has a right to be wrong . "
But justifying the state 's ban was advocate general Ravi Kadam and later Yusuf Muchala , the counsel for a few intervenors , including Indian Union Muslim League , Maharashtra Muslim Lawyers Forum , Islamic Research Foundation , Jamat - e - Islami-e - Hind and Bombay Aman Committee .
One intervenor , I G Khandelwal , from Right to Read Foundation , supported the author .
The bench had reserved the matter for judgment last August after a lengthy hearing .
The court said , " The author can say what he feels is right and if it is wrong , he can not be punished for it .
But what needs to be seen is whether it was done bona fide with real desire to explore the tenets of Islam and give his exposition , "
In this case , the court held that the criticism of Islam and " insulting comments with particular reference to Indian Muslims " were " not academic " .
" It is an aggravated form of criticism made with a malicious and deliberate intention to outrage the religious feelings of Muslims .
The contents are so interwoven that it is not possible to excise certain portions and permit circulation of the book , " the court said .
The author had declined an earlier suggestion to delete certain parts .
A person may have a right to say a particular religion is " not secular " , said the HC , but it cautioned against rabid contents " reeking of hatred for a particular community " and " malafide exercise to stir communal passions " .
The HC also found " totally unacceptable " the author 's argument that banning the book in the age of the internet is passe and pointless .
The book contains " highly objectionable and disturbing " statements about the author 's wishful thinking of an impending war between Muslims and others and how Indian Muslims want to convert all Hindus , attack temples and Hindu women .
Statements like these are " likely to incite people to violence and may promote violence , enmity or hatred " .
Jean Stephenne , president of GSK's Biologicals division said : " If approved this ... technology could be a novel solution to help the millions of smokers who want to stop smoking and remain abstinent ; a habit that is very well documented to be very hard to stop permanently . "
Our editors pick the products & services we write about .
When you buy through our links , we may get a commission .
Learn more .
New Jersey could boost its economy by more than half a billion dollars over the next three years by promptly legalizing same - sex marriage , a California law professor told a state commission
today .
Brad Sears , executive director of the Williams Institiute at UCLA School of Law , said gay weddings alone would pump $ 248 million into New Jersey 's economy under a " very conservative " economic analysis .
He said additional spending on gifts , overnight hotel stays by visiting friends and other items could boost the total to " a half billion dollars plus " over the next three years .
Sears testified before the New Jersey Civil Union Review Commission , which is exploring the economic impact of legalizing gay marriage .
He said that by legalizing only civil unions for same - sex couples , New Jersey had incurred " all the costs without getting the main benefit " -- spending on wedding celebrations .
Last year the New York City Comptroller 's Office calculated that allowing gays to marry would boost that city 's economy by $ 142 million in the three years following legalization .
That analysis found gay marriage would cost New York City employers $ 33 million in health insurance premiums for same - sex spouses , but that would be more than offset by spending on weddings .
It calculated those weddings -- many among same - sex couples from New Jersey and other states traveling to the Empire State to wed , would pump $ 175 million into New York City 's economy .
John Tomicki , chairman of the N.J. Coalition to preserve and protect marriage , said that argument could justify polygamy .
" To take that reasoning further you should be able to marry 10 people at a time and that would cause even larger receptions , " Tomicki said .
" The logic is rather silly . "
The Washington Post is a newspaper with a proud legacy .
It has done much important reporting over the years , most famously its coverage of the Watergate scandal that resulted in the resignation of Richard Nixon .
Unfortunately , it seems to have abandoned its journalistic standards .
In its last issue of the decade , it published as a news piece an article by the Peter Peterson Foundation - funded Fiscal Times .
This compromised the Post 's journalistic integrity to the extent that readers can no longer take it seriously .
Peter Peterson is a Wall Street billionaire and former Nixon administration cabinet member who has been trying to gut social security payments and Medicare for at least the last quarter of a century .
He has written several books that warn of a demographic disaster when the baby boomers retire .
These books often include nonsense arguments to make his case .
For example , in one of the books making his pitch for cutting social security as matter of generational equity , Peterson proposes reducing the annual cost of living adjustment .
Peterson justified this cut by arguing that the price index overstated the true rate of inflation , therefore the annual cost of living adjustment was overcompensating retirees .
The problem with Peterson 's logic is that if the price index really overstated inflation , then the country has been getting wealthier much faster than the standard data show .
This means that the young people who he was so worried about would be far richer than anyone could have imagined .
It would also mean that the most of the retirees whose benefits he wanted to cut grew up in poverty .
These conclusions logically followed from Peterson 's claim that the price index overstated inflation .
But Peterson did n't care about the logic , he wanted to cut social security and he was prepared to say anything to advance this agenda .
Of course , what Peterson says matters because he uses his billions to make sure that his voice gets heard .
In the case of his books , he would take out full - page ads in major newspapers to ensure that these otherwise very forgettable tracts got taken seriously .
And he started organisations .
First , he had the Concord Coalition ( " a nationwide , non-partisan , grassroots organisation advocating generationally responsible fiscal policy " ) and , more recently , the Peter G Peterson Foundation , and now its offspring , the Fiscal Times .
Interestingly , the Fiscal Times ' debut piece in the Post managed to reference both of Peterson 's earlier creations .
The piece also included the standard and inaccurate Peterson refrain about " skyrocketing spending on Medicare , Medicaid and social security . "
Spending on social security is not " skyrocketing " in the normal usage of the term .
Measured as a share of national income it will increase by less than 40 % over the next two decades , an increase that is fully funded by the designated Social Security tax .
While spending on Medicare and Medicaid is increasing rapidly , this is primarily the result of exploding private sector healthcare costs .
As every serious budget analysts knows , private sector healthcare costs have been growing at a rate that threatens to devastate the economy .
If the private healthcare sector is not fixed , we face an economic disaster regardless of what happens with Medicare and Medicaid .
If it is fixed , then the problems facing the public sector programmes will be manageable .
This is not the first time that the Washington Post has been prepared to compromise its integrity to rescue its finances .
Last year the Post 's top management planned a series of dinners , billed as " salons " , where they had intended to sell lobbyists the opportunity to meet with the Washington Post 's reporters in an informal setting .
This plan was nixed after it was leaked and the idea developed into a scandal .
While selling access to reporters is a certainly a high crime for a serious newspaper , handing over a portion of the news section to an advocacy group is arguably a worse sin .
The Fiscal Times piece was indistinguishable in its appearance from any other news story in the Washington Post .
Only those careful to read the byline or the note at the bottom of the page would realize that the article was not a regular news story .
Nowhere is the Fiscal Times identified as being affiliated with , and funded by , the Peter Peterson Foundation .
If the Fiscal Times becomes a regular source of news articles at the Post , we can probably soon expect to see pieces from National Rifle Association 's Shooting Illustrated .
It is unfortunate that technological change may have made the traditional newspaper economically unviable – but it would have been better if the Washington Post could have had a dignified death .
Enlarge By YouTube
This is a 2008 frame grab from an ad paid for by the National Republican Senatorial Committee warning against voting for Sen.
Jeff Merkley .
PREVIOUS COLUMNS PREVIOUS COLUMNS
Citizens United vs. Federal Election Commission , has some scientists talking about the difference between the legal view of human psychology and what the evidence shows .
Science seldom interacts with the legal world , more 's the pity .
But the latest big Supreme Court decision , , has some scientists talking about the difference between the legal view of human psychology and what the evidence shows .
" The First Amendment confirms the freedom to think for ourselves , " said Justice Anthony Kennedy , reading the court 's 5 - 4 majority opinion on Thursday , finding that corporations and unions can freely spend money on campaign ads to defeat or elect federal candidates .
The decision ends decades - old limits on political spending .
" The spigot is ... wide open , " campaign finance specialist Richard Hansen of Loyola Law School in Los Angeles told USA TODAY , after the decision .
So , we might ask , how well does research suggest people " think for themselves " under the potential flood of political ads from that spigot ?
" I do n't have any particular position on the ruling itself , but this justification for the decision is based on an incorrect assumption about how the mind works , " says psychologist Brian Nosek of the University of Virginia .
" If the goal really was to increase the chances that citizens would think for themselves , then the decision should have been to ban partisan advertising completely . "
Nosek and his colleagues , Harvard 's Mahzarin Banaji and the University of Washington 's Tony Greenwald , operate " Project Implicit " which features an " Implicit Association Test " to measure unconscious beliefs , including political ones .
The data from 7 million participants show so - called " undecided " voters have often already made up their minds unconsciously on who they will vote for , for example .
And the team has also mapped congressional race outcomes nationwide against unconscious racial biases , finding that prejudices invisible to voters themselves swayed their decisions , rather than rational thinking .
" The ( think for themselves ) justification is ironic considering that the purpose of advertising — political or otherwise — is to persuade the viewer about a particular point - of - view , " Nosek says .
" That is , the goal of the political ad is deliberately ' not ' to have citizens thinking for themselves . "
In fact , psychologists have shown that people respond far more readily to propaganda , otherwise known as advertising , than they are willing to believe : • Just giving medical students pens with a drug 's name on them made the students significantly more favorably disposed toward the medication than otherwise , despite their immersion in classes aimed at letting them rationally evaluate drug benefits , found a 2009 Archives of Internal Medicinereport .
• Remember shaking hands with Bugs Bunny at Disneyland ?
Roughly a third of people presented with a fake ad depicting a visit to Disneyland that featured a handshake with Bugs later remembered or knew the meet up with the ' wascally wabbit ' had happened to them , according to a 2001 University of Washington study .
Even though Bugs is owned by Warner Brothers and verboten at a Disney facility , so it could n't have happened .
• In a famous 1951 experiment led by Swarthmore 's Solomon Asch , 76 % of people conformed at least once to what they heard other people arguing was the correct length of a line on a scale right in front of their face , even though it was plainly wrong .
The people arguing for the incorrect measurement were all plants , but overall , 33 % of participants went along with the group , even though they were spouting nonsense .
A follow - up study in a 1955 Journal of Abnormal Psychology report found even under anonymous conditions , about 23 % of people preferred to believe what people were saying about the line rather than the evidence in front of their own eyes .
" If you are inclined to believe that people do all their thinking rationally , then you might accept that more information is better , and that eventually the good information will drive out the bad , " says journalist Shankar Vedantam , author of the just - released The Hidden Brain : How Our Unconscious Minds Elect Presidents , Control Markets , Wage Wars , and Save Our Lives .
" Unfortunately , there is a small warehouse full of research showing it is an error to believe we live according to reason .
Rather we make decisions with our unconscious . "
Ironically enough , Vedantam points to 2008 experiments by Yale political scientist John Bullock on people 's perception of Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts Jr. , for example .
Volunteers rated their opinion of Roberts , and then some were shown a NARAL Pro-Choice America ad , released during his 2005 court nomination , which accused Roberts of " supporting violent fringe groups and a convicted clinic bomber . "
Among Democrat study volunteers , disapproval of Roberts went from 56 % to 80 % after seeing the ad .
The study volunteers were then told that the ad had been repudiated and was in error .
But the disapproval of Roberts only dropped to 72 % , " even though the volunteers all acknowledged the ad was wrong , " Vedantam says .
" Unconsciously , not only does good information not drive out bad information .
It often actually amplifies the bad information . "
Both Democrats and Republicans demonstrate the same reliance on unconscious biases to make decisions , he adds .
" The only thing I can take away from all this is to try and be a little more humble when I see a political ad and it is making me draw any conclusions . "
Advertising folks have known all this of course , long before the Mad Menera .
In 1928 , pioneering public relations expert Edwards Bernays , " the father of public relations , " published the book , Propaganda , which argued : " conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society .
Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country . "
Bernays suggested advertisers rely on a " herd instinct " in people , much like the desire to conform demonstrated by the 1951 experiments , to sell their products .
In the Supreme Court decision , Kennedy also found : " When Government seeks to use its full power , including the criminal law , to command where a person may get his or her information or what distrusted source he or she may not hear , it uses censorship to control thought . "
But psychology suggests otherwise , Nosek says .
" The reality is that organizations use advertising to control thought . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Wie immer möchte die Wochenschau von Hal Faber den Blick für die Details schärfen : Die sonntägliche Wochenschau ist Kommentar , Ausblick und Analyse .
Sie ist Rück - wie Vorschau zugleich .
Was war .
*** " Das Internet – unendliche Weiten .
Wir schreiben das Jahr 2009 .
Dies sind die Abenteuer der Wochenschau aus der norddeutschen Tiefebene , die seit 10 Jahren unterwegs ist , um neue virtuelle Welten zu erforschen , neues Leben und neue Zivilisationen in Digitalien .
Sie dringt in Gedanken vor , die nie ein Mensch zuvor gedacht hat . "
Wenn ich jetzt noch so viele Leser haben könnte wie Zuschauer der Erzählung von der fliegenden Suppenschüssel , dann könnte ich von den Honoraren ein Flügchen auf der VSS Enterprise buchen und in Schwerelosigkeit kotzen .
Dazu reicht der Unsinn , der in dieser
Woche so verbreitet wurde .
*** Bekanntlich ist das Internet viel älter als seine brabbelnden und twitternden Bewohner heute denken und wurde schon von Johann Gottfried Herder benutzt .
Und zu der guten alten Zeit , als die von Barcamp zu Politcamp zu Buzzcamp Reisenden noch Tweets in Windeln machten , brachte eine andere deutsche Geistesgröße das Internet auf den Punkt .
Die Antwort von Helmut Kohl auf die Frage nach den Datenautobahnen zeigt , wie vorausschauend doch deutsche Politiker doch sind .
Sie haben Gedanken , die nie zuvor ein Mensch gedacht hat :
" Ja , da sind wir ja mitten in der Diskussion , das weiß ja hier kaum einer besser als Sie. Und Sie wissen auch , wie heftig umstritten das ist .
Die Zukunft läuft in diese Richtung .
Aber wir brauchen dafür Mehrheiten .
Und wir sind ein föderal gegliedertes Land , und Autobahnen sind elementar auch – mit Recht – in der Oberhoheit der Länder .
Der Zustand , den wir jetzt auf den Autobahnen haben , ist dergestalt , dass wir wissen , wann wir überhaupt nur noch von go und stop auf Autobahnen reden können . "
*** So rasen sie dahin , die Gedanken .
Nach den Politikern kommen die Journalisten , die Copycats des Weltgeistes .
Wir schreiben tatsächlich das Jahr 2009 und treffen in einem Leitartikel zum IT - Gipfel dieser Tage , der Deutschland zum Kampf gegen das virtuelle Gekuschel mobilisieren will , die gute alte Datenautobahn wieder , wie sie vor 20 Jahren diskutiert wurde :
" Doch aus seiner Verantwortung für die Datenautobahn kann der Staat ebenso wenig entlassen werden wie aus seiner Überwachungspflicht für die echte Autobahn – gerade weil beide mitunter jetzt schon als rechtsfreie Räume wahrgenommen werden .
Eine Strategie für das Netz – dafür ist es noch nicht zu spät . "
Jaja , die Raser und die Digital Natives , das sind schon die Bösen schlechthin , meint der FAZ - Kommentator .
Natürlich muss er den Zusammenhang zwischen Piratenpartei und Kinderpornographie erwähnen , furchtlos auf Abgründe zeigend , wie das nur ein journalistischer Sargnagel kann .
Halt , die Klimaschändereien fehlen noch , werden aber sicher nachgetragen – ob man brettert oder surft , jedesmal vergreift man sich doch an unschuldiger Energie .
Auf dem solchermaßen kommentierten IT - Gipfel beschäftigte sich auch unsere Bundeskanzlerin Merkel mit diesem
Thema , wie in ihrer Rede zu lesen ist , wenn sie von einer zum Teil ( also noch nicht ganz ? ) fast gespaltenen ( nur ein bisschen gespaltenen ? )
Gesellschaft spricht :
" Ich habe mich eben gerade sozusagen als Immigrantin mit den Natives der digitalen
Welt ablichten lassen , die natürlich ihren eigenen Stolz entwickelt haben .
Ich habe gefragt :
Wie wird man vom Immigranten zum Native ?
Es wurde gesagt , es sei so ein Gefühl , das man haben müsse .
– Na ja , ich weiß nicht , ob das ausreicht .
Aber ich bin optimistisch weggegangen , dass es doch keine Generation lang dauert . "
So klingt das halt bei den Digital Naives .
Da mischen wir uns doch lieber unter die Digital Aborigines .
*** Leider unterschlägt der Abdruck der Rede im Netz , was beim luftholenden Pausenzeichen gut zu hören war , das höhnische Gelächter des Publikums über diese Wahrnehmung dieser komischen Netz - Aborigines mit ihren seltsamen Kulten .
Die ganze prächtige Inszenierung konnte nicht verbergen , dass diese neue Bundesregierung mit dem Internet nichts anfangen kann , nichts anfangen will und ihre IT - Souffleusen nur auf Förderknete scharf sind .
Den Höhepunkt dieser Schleicherei lieferte natürlich Bitkom - Chef August - Wilhelm Scheer , als er unter Applaus darauf hinwies , dass Apples iPhone ( wegen der MP3 - Kompression ) und Apples iTunes ( wegen der benutzten SAP - Technologie ) auf deutscher Wertarbeit beruhen .
Was ist denn in die Wicken gegangen , dass keine deutsche Firma bei dieser brillanten Basis einen Verkaufsschlager wie das iPhone entwickelte ?
Das letzte Glanzstück war die Minidisk von Telefunken , die gegen die Compact Disc den Kürzeren zog .
*** Deutsche Gipfel !
Schon etwas höher als Stuttgart liegt Kempten im Allgäu .
Hier entwickelte der Mathematiker Rick Mabry auf seinen Wanderungen in den Bergen eine Lösung für ein altes IT - Problem , das jeder kennt , der Nächte vor dem Computer verbracht hat .
Endlich ist der gerechte
Weg gefunden , wie eine Pizza perfekt gerecht geteilt werden kann .
Schweife ich vom Thema ab ?
Einen echten Berg muss jedenfalls diese E - Petition zur Abschaffung der E - Petitionen erklimmen , die als Reaktion auf all die Gipfeleien verstanden werden kann :
Wenn niemand Einwände des Volkes gegen idiotische Netzmaßnahmen Ernst nimmt , ist es besser das E - System abzuwracken und die " Mittel zur Evaluierung wirksamerer direkter demokratischer Partizipationsmöglichkeiten der BürgerInnen der Bundesrepublik in Zeiten der ' Digitalen Revolution ' " zu verwenden .
Alles andere ist Taschenspielerei wie das Märchen vom deutschen iPhone .
*** Deutsche Berge !
Wobei man besser nicht an Bungsberg und Zugspitze , an den Hitler - Berg oder den Nacktarsch denken sollte .
Der deutsche Schuldenberg ist da einfach imposanter , auch deshalb , weil er mit debilen Wahlgeschenken schneller wächst als so ein Alpenhaufen mit 1 cm pro Jahr .
Denken wir nur an die Mahnung unseres Finanzministers Schäuble im Gespräch mit Cicero an das Volk , doch bitte ein gesamtgesellschaftliches " Gerechtigkeitsempfinden " zu entwickeln .
Wie das geht , demonstriert der Zeitungsverleger Alfred Neven DuMont , der in einem seiner Blätter die Befreiung der Presse von superungerechten sieben Prozent Steuern fordert :
Denn wie man sich bettet , so liest man , es wird einem gar nichts geschenkt .
Das wusste schon der olle Brecht .
*** Deutsche Denker !
In diesen gesamtschuldnerischen Tagen der Gerechten mit Empfindungen gibt es einen großen Verlust zu beklagen .
Jörg Huffschmid ist gestorben , einer der Ökonomen , der frühzeitig die Globalisierungskritik wissenschaftlich untermauerte und auf seine Weise ein Gründervater von Attac wurde .
Eine Sammlung von Nachrufen gibt's zu lesen , doch wer wirklich seine Wirkung erfassen will , braucht nur einen Blick in die zeitgenössische Wirtschaftspresse werfen , die ungeniert jeden wirtschaftspolitischen Unsinn abnickt , den die Regierung der festen Hand verzapft .
Was hat diese wirtschaftskundige Presse gelacht und gelästert , als Huffschmid im Jahre 1997 eine Regulierung der Finazmärkte forderte .
Was wird .
Deutsche Gerichte !
Zu den Überraschungen dieser Woche muss man den Auftritt von Innenminister Thomas de Maizière auf dem IT - Gipfel zählen .
Er gab sich nachdenklich , so nachdenklich , dass er eigentlich mehr laut in die Mikrofone dachte .
Das war wohl der Anfang eines neuen herrschaftsfreien Dialoges , der zwischen Staat und Bürger geführt werden sollte , nach einer Zeit , in der der Staat einen Generalverdacht gegen jeden einzelnen Bürger aussprechen musste .
Das klang sehr ermutigend , wäre da nicht doch der Staat in Gestalt desselben Innenministers , der über die richtigen Worte befindet , in denen der Dialog geführt werden muss .
" Vorratsdatenspeicherung " , so kanzelte de Maizière , sei ein vollkommen falsches Wort , ein Kampfbegriff verschrobener Aktivisten .
Das Beispiel , das er spontan fand , ist bemerkenswert .
In unserem Staate legt der Handwerker seine Rechnungen langfristig ab , ebenso der Kunde des Handwerkers .
Das alles wegen der Garantie .
So eine gilt gemeinhin nur für die Funktionsfähigkeit von Konsumgütern , doch hey , die Demokratiefähigkeit von Mitbürgern kann locker ebenso gemeint sein .
Was ist schon Schlechtes daran , diese Verbindungsdaten länger zu speichern , mit denen garantiert erkannt wird , wer jederzeit auf dem Boden der freiheitlich - demokratischen Grundordnung steht ?
" Wer nichts zu verbergen hat " , sollte sich dennoch den kommenden Dienstag notieren , an dem in Karlsruhe die mündliche Verhandlung zur Sammelklage gegen die Vorratsdatenspeicherung beginnt .
Damit bin ich wieder bei der " fast gespaltenen Gesellschaft " unserer Bundeskanzlerin .
Denn mittendrin , im besagten Spalt , da sitzt ihre Kollegin , die Beschwerdeführerin Leutheusser - Schnarrenberger .
Wie war das noch in Mahagonny , Surabaya - Johnny ?
Denn wie man sich bettet , so liegt man , es deckt einen da keiner zu .
Und wenn einer tritt ?
Wer ist es ? ( jk )
CSI Calgary has been working with Evolvous for about 9 months in developing our intranet and SharePoint applications .
They bring a wealth of knowledge and have helped us build a road map for the future .
They listened to our needs and concerns and delivered a product we are very happy with and we are looking forward to working with them in the future .
Rosie Neil
Director of Development and Strategic Programs
Why Government Should n't Build Roads
Dr. William Anderson ’s superb article concerns a subject some of the Shooters and I have been kicking around recently .
Our focus was on why governments should n’t build roads at all , part of which is that it is always inefficient to filter money through some bureaucracy .
Between waste , the misallocation of funds to pay for the departments and personnel , inferior products , social engineering , and the inevitable corruption when tax dollars are being scattered around “ public ” roads are a very poor solution to the problem of how to move traffic from points A through Z .
As is always the case , unfettered private enterprise and a free market would be less expensive , generate real profits , and lead to better roads that reflected the true needs of traffic .
Toll roads are also how the Founding Fathers dealt with problem .
Let ’s break this down into individual categories , starting with where we live .
As a pretty general rule residential streets are in good shape because there is little traffic .
Developers build the roads in new areas so it would be prudent of new home buyers –should there ever become a good supply of those –to consider the quality of the streets which come , basically , as part of their purchases .
It might be possible to negotiate upkeep for twenty years , which would give the developer an even stronger urge to insist upon quality .
What about those who live in older areas ?
What to do when a chug hole develops ?
When there is a market , someone will provide a service , and having the hole that is bothering you ( and your neighbors ) filled and paying for it will be a great deal more cost - effective than the current system .
There are any number of paving companies which pave driveways in rural areas , and I am certain they would be glad to come dump a little hot , gritty asphalt in your depression at a price that only seems exorbitant until you consider the million dollar a mile roads that governments build .
It is likely that someone would come up with a DYI product sold at Lowe ’s and Home Depot .
The condition of the road in front of your home is of interest only to those who live on your street .
Why should public tax dollars be spent to keep them in good condition ?
Not that the system works very well .
Others may be paying to keep your Mockingbird Lane in acceptable condition , but you are paying for a great many other roads .
We never get more than we pay out back ; earmarks go to the “ in ” crowd .
Farm to market roads ?
Once again , those should be the responsibility of those who use them .
There are n’t enough small farms and ranches left in America to speak of –some 2.1 million farms are all that remain due to high inheritance taxes and regulations in favor of Archer Daniel Midlands , Tyson , and so forth .
That ’s pretty frightening .
FDR had a population of 125 million to feed and over five million farms to do it with .
Agribiz is in big trouble with the cost of fuel , labor , power , feed , fertilizer , taxes , and government mandates .
Too many of my neighbors are planting houses where dairy and beef cattle once grazed .
However , roads hold up remarkably well when not subjected to traffic from heavy vehicles .
My theory is that people can and will put up with a deteriorated road until it becomes annoying enough to pay to have it fixed or to master the skills necessary to do their own repairs .
City streets ?
Again , those usually show little wear from regular vehicular traffic , and if the roads deteriorate to the point where customers flee , the merchants will see the wisdom of making repairs .
If we pulled up the statistics on taxes budgeted to build streets and even highways we would be astounded by how much more money we taxpayers could keep if the government were forced out of the road - building and repair businesses .
Now we come to the big two , interstates and new construction .
There are already “ road use ” taxes and a modest toll system should provide ample to keep current major links in repair .
Whatever made anyone think that roads should be “ free ? ! ”
Very little in life is free ; we pay for it one way or another .
At present those of us who pay taxes are subsidizing in yet another way those who do not for things that we neither want nor use most of the time .
Recently my darling Charles and I had to go to Houston ( always a nightmare ) to pick up something .
We had a very frustrating experience on what should still be the wave of the future ; a similar system is growing in at least the D / FW area .
The problem with Tollway 8 is …it is very difficult for a one - time user to get on !
Those who use this high speed marvel have a little sticker that is read automatically and they receive a bill for road use once a month .
The traffic whizzes along , and the exits are well constructed not to lead to backups .
About every third entrance there is a kiosk that sells the stickers , which was not practical in our case because we hope devoutly never to be on Tollway 8 again .
Those are usually near an entrance that will allow the occasional traveler to hand over money–and access to these booths is designed splendidly so that they do not impede the other traffic .
Our GPS was having a nervous breakdown insisting that we should get up on the tollway , not realizing that we were not allowed to .
Tollway 8 has no silly “ HOV ” lanes , choosing –wisely –not to reduce the carrying capacity of their expensive investment in a futile attempt to force users to car pool .
If there are three lanes an HOV restriction reduces capability by one - third ; four lanes see the loss of a quarter of capacity and produces bottle necks when the HOV lane ends .
Insanity .
What of those who do not wish to trade money for speed ?
It is still quite possible to traverse those miles on suburban streets .
You pays your money or you takes your chances .
In many areas it is faster to stick to city streets than it is to get on the “ free ” way .
When John and I lived in Derby ( a bedroom community near Wichita , Kansas ) his truck went for service to a dealer on the far side of Wichita .
John always took the freeways , while I always used ordinary roads .
Invariably we ended up at the dealership in a dead heat !
And no , I do not exceed the speed limit , ever .
The sad truth is that there are entirely too many people and far too many vehicles , a situation beyond repair other than in the minds of those who want to see the population of the earth reduced to a permanent maximum of five hundred million .
No , friends , that is n’t conspiracy theory ; I saw the speech in the UN where some sanctimonious female promised to “ kill ( us ) as kindly and gently as possible . ”
Is n’t that sweet ?
How very thoughtful .
Who chooses ?
Government “ planners ” seldom put roads where they need to be .
One of the major difficulties in Wichita , for example–it is possible this has been corrected in the nearly twenty years since I have been there –is that it is laid out almost entirely on a grid system .
There was only one major diagonal road !
Their planners had n’t taken into account that the square of the hyptenuse is the way to reduce the swear words on the other two sides .
Hard , clear - eyed entrepreneurs would work out which new roads would be the most profitable because that is where people want improved ease of travel enough to pay for it .
I only see one problem , but I am certain there is a solution if we troubled ourselves to work it out .
I do n’t approve of eminent domain anyway–and recent scandals bear out my scorn .
No doubt James Howard Kunstler knows and might even be induced to tell us .
Private corporations would have no power to force others to sell their land–and rightly so .
This may mean that the solution is to build toll roads further out , encouraging flight from the cities .
Perhaps it is selling the current freeway systems to private individuals who will make them function more efficiently , while raising a nice hunk of cash to reduce the debt .
Perhaps social pressure would suffice to induce those who did n’t want to move to cooperate , or some deal could be made to swap nicer foreclosed upon homes for where the residents are now .
Where there ’s a profit there is a way .
Cordially ,
Linda Brady Traynham
February 5 , 2010
Setup and Care Instructions :
Aquarium size : ( for one stingray ) 50 to 100 gallons
Aquarium bottom : Soft ( i.e. sand ) substrate .
No sharp objects ( gravel , rocks , sharp decorations , etc. ) that may cut the stingray , allowing bacteria to enter or infection to develop .
Water Quality guides : 1.5 pounds of regular solar salt per 50 gallons water , 3 pounds of solar salt per 100 gallons .
This will help to control the bacteria content of the water .
Water quality is very important in the survival of your freshwater stingray .
Filters :
Use a biological filter ( or change the 1/3 of the water every day ! )
Contact us , or search the internet , if you need more information about biological filters .
Diet : Carnivore ( Freshwater shrimp , snails , feeder fish , krill and other meaty foods ) .
NOTE : The stingray may eat other aquarium fish that fit in it ’s mouth .
Size of Adult : Disc size 12 ″ to 14 ″ , length approximately 20 ″ to 26 ″ inches long .
( Shipped size is approximately 6 ” to 7 “ )
Water Temperature : 60 - 80 degrees F .
Safety : The Dasyatis Sabina Stingray , like other stingrays , did have a sharp , dangerous spine that could cause injury .
We remove this spine prior to shipping all stingrays .
However , this spine will grow back .
Click on Spine Removal for more information .
Permits : Please check with your local Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission ; and obtain any permits that may be required prior to purchasing .
From the freshwater habitats in the Florida rivers that flow into the Atlantic Ocean , these unique pets will quickly become the main attraction of your aquarium .
These stingrays are fully acclimated to fresh water .
We take pride in the best care of each stingray , from the time we catch it , to the time it arrives at your door .
Over time , we have developed a solid understanding of the best process for taking care of these stingrays to ensure your satisfaction .
In addition , we care about ensuring you have all the information about the proper care you need to ensure a long time of satisfaction and enjoyment .
This web site includes this information , and we request you read the setup and care instructions before deciding to purchase .
STINGRAYS !
Fresh Water “ Dasyatis sabina ” $ 99.95 Each / Plus Shipping … FedEx Overnite to your door .
The STINGRAYS Disc Size is Approx .
6 –7 inches .
“ Arrive Alive ” is our guarantee !
Be sure to include your Zip Code with your order .
Information brought to you from rmkoonaquaticpets.com
More Aquatic Info Updates :
Welcome to Xtreme Aquatics on - line
You can browse the web page and join Xtreme Aquatics Forum , where we discuss all about the aquatics , member aquariums , or an idea to build a new one , so please join the community .
If you have an idea for this web site then please email us in “ contact us ” under About us .
Remember this web site was created for our customers to make Fish keeping easier .
If you see something you like then email us and we will confirm if we still have it in stock .
We also have a AD section where customers can ask us to place ads for them .
Ads will be charge for in advance
You can mail us your ad and we will send you a quote .
If you want to know more please email us .
Enjoy Xtreme Aquatics On-line
It was the kind of plane that seemed to fit the swinging go - go days with martini - swigging travelers lingering around a bar .
First - class passengers dressed in their Sunday best made their way up a spiral staircase to get to the “ flying penthouse , ” harking memories of private rail cars .
It seemed the epitome of plushness when it made its first commercial flight 40 years ago today .
A Times reporter described the cabin as a “ luxurious auditorium some genie had wafted aloft . ”
Boeing Co.'s 747 was not only the biggest plane that anyone had ever seen before -- it was nearly three times larger than the largest jet flying at the time -- it transformed travel in a way that few have .
“ It was marvelous , ” said Marilyn Murphy , a former Pan Am “ stewardess ” -- the term for what are now “ flight attendants ” -- who flew on the 747 during its early years .
“ I always felt it revolutionized the way people travel because it became more of a social experience .
People would congregate around the plane and talk about where they had been or where they were going . ”
The plane was a game changer for Pan Am , which at the time was an international powerhouse but ceased operations in 1991 .
As soon as the airline received its first 747 in 1970 , Chief Executive Juan Trippe switched the flight attendants ’ uniforms , giving them a classier look with pristine white gloves and stylish blue hats .
“ The plane ushered in a new era of luxury travel , ” said Scott Hamilton , an aviation industry consultant in Issaquah , Wash .
“ It is truly an American icon .
It was the first jumbo jet and a wonderful technical achievement . ”
But when the first 747 rolled off the assembly line , the aircraft was so huge that some pilots refused to fly it and critics said it would never get off the ground .
It almost bankrupted Boeing , and airport officials worried about how they would handle all the passengers .
Two generations later , the jumbo jet with its signature hump is still flying high and is one of the most recognizable planes in the world .
Many of the 747 components were built in Southern California , including the 172 - foot - long center fuselage in Hawthorne .
History books say the plane made its first commercial flight on Jan. 21 , 1970 , but the Pan Am flight actually took off from New York ’s John F. Kennedy International Airport bound for London ’s Heathrow Airport at 1:52 a.m. Jan. 22 because of a 6Ã  Â ÃÅ 1/2Ã Â Ã Â§ - hour delay .
Four decades later , the 747 is still a common sight at Los Angeles International Airport , where dozens of the latest generation of the mammoth plane carry thousands of passengers to far - flung destinations in Asia and Europe each day .
Two years ago , the 747 was dethroned as the world ’s largest passenger jet when the double - decked Airbus A380 entered service with Singapore Airlines .
Boeing built more than 1,400 747s , making it one of the most successful commercial jetliners ever .
Air Force One , a modified 747 , continues to be a symbol of U.S. might .
And NASA still uses a 747 to transport space shuttles back to Florida whenever they land at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert .
But things were n’t always so rosy for the 747 .
When the program was undertaken , Boeing did n’t have the financial strength or the manufacturing capability to produce them .
The company went deep into debt and had to strike deals with suppliers to make the parts on their own dime .
“ It was really a critical time for Boeing , ” Joe Sutter , chief engineer on the 747 , said in an interview .
“ There came a time when the banks did n’t want to lend us any more money .
So , by going after the 747 , the company was essentially committing the entire company . ”
It did n’t get any easier as the program went forward .
The airplane was overweight and the new engines had overheating problems .
“ We knew we ’d have a good flying machine once we worked the kinks out , ” Sutter said .
“ It was make or break for the company . ”
The 747 ’s cavernous cabin , which was built in Hawthorne , changed travelers ’ flying experiences .
Before the 747 , traveling on a jetliner was like flying in a cramped metal tube .
The change was dramatic .
The 747 , with its five cabin sections and twin aisles , stretched nearly the length of a football field .
It could carry more than twice as many passengers as existing commercial planes , and amenities such as multiple movie screens and snack bars seemed to make flying more enjoyable .
“ Flying in a 747 is more like flying in a room with high ceilings than anything else , ” Hamilton said .
To this day , the Hawthorne factory ships fuselage panels -- now for the forthcoming variant , the 747- 8 -- to Boeing ’s assembly plant in Everett , Wash . , by rail .
The site , currently operated by Vought Aircraft Industries Inc. , has produced the fuselage panels for every 747 that has taken to the skies -- including Air Force One -- since the aircraft program began in 1966 .
“ A tremendous amount of people in this area can attribute their jobs to the 747 , ” said Dana Dickson , the site ’s general manager .
“ There have been quite a few father - and - son teams that have worked on the program . ”
Twice a week , Vought packages the parts and sends them along to Boeing in three custom , oversized rail cars .
For the most part , the arrangement has worked without a hitch , Dickson said .
But in the 40 - year partnership , there have been a few hiccups .
One of them was the Mt. St. Helens eruption in Washington in 1980 .
“ We were at peak production around that time , so it ÃÂ sreally made things difficult , ” Dickson said .
“ There were about 2 or 3 inches of volcanic ash on the tracks .
So , everything had to be cleaned up , and we had to put special packaging on the product .
It was just a wild time . ”
The Hawthorne site is only five miles east of LAX .
Every day , the 1,100 people who work at the plant can see the fruits of their labor .
LAX has more 747 passenger flights than any other airport in the country .
“ Every now and then you ’ll hear one of the workers say , ‘ There goes the jewel in the sky , 'Ã  Â| " said Reggie Morris , a Vought aircraft mechanic who has worked there for 35 years .
“ Without looking , I know that the 747 is flying by .
There ’s a lot of pride and integrity that comes with that . ”
william.hennigan@ latimes.com
Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) on Thursday told her caucus she would not let the House be forced into signing off on the Senate ’s healthcare bill .
Pelosi spent two hours addressing her caucus via conference call on Thursday for the first time since she agreed to let the Senate bill serve as the vehicle for delivering a congressional health reform bill to the White House .
But Pelosi insisted from the onset that the House would not simply accept the Senate bill , despite the extremely fragile coalition that allowed a bill to emerge from the Senate .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ She answered questions about whether the White House wants just the Senate bill , ” a senior Democratic aide said after the call .
“ The Speaker said that is not going to happen .
We are going to negotiate a final bill . ”
For the next two hours , Pelosi and other Democratic leaders fielded questions about the areas in which the Senate bill differs substantially from the healthcare bill Pelosi steered through the House in November .
From language that bars federal dollars from covering abortion procedures to how to raise taxes to fund health insurance expansion to the very mechanisms designed to make such insurance more accessible , the House and Senate bills present leaders with significant political and substantive gaps to bridge .
Pelosi took no policy stances beyond those she has made publicly , aides and sources on the call said .
She declared earlier this week that a final bill must only meet her “ AAA ” affordability , accountability and accessibility test .
Instead , she and other House leaders used Thursday ’s call to lay out all of the issues that must be addressed , and to let members air their concerns about Senate provisions that are gaining momentum , including a state - based public insurance exchange , rather than a national , government - run “ public option ” like the one written into the House bill .
A so - called “ public option ” is seen as having almost zero chance of surviving in Senate .
At the same time , Pelosi told House liberals that the public option was still among the items under consideration by House , Senate and White House policy staff working on merging the two bills .
Rep. Jan Schakowsky ( D - Ill. ) , a member of the House Progressive Caucus , said she came away with the assurance that the public option was “ still part of the discussion . ”
“ For a number of people , it was important to have the public option discussed , ” Schakowsky said after calling in from her congressional office in Washington .
“ There ’s a sense of satisfaction that the things we worked so hard for in the House bill are still part of the discussion . ”
Schakowsky said there were no ultimatums offered on the public option or other issues .
She and other Democrats described the tone of the call as patient , probative and cordial — a stark departure from where House Democrats were a month - and - a - half ago .
“ This was n’t about people showing signs or their cards or their positions or anything else , ” Education and Labor Chairman George Miller ( D - Calif . ) said .
“ It was just a conversation .
It was n’t about trying to ferret out people ’s concessions or positions . ”
House Democrats will caucus again on Tuesday , and on Wednesday they begin their three - day “ Issues Conference , ” where they will hear from Obama directly .
Many members are awaiting guidance from the president , and there is a hope that he will help the two chambers clear their remaining hurdles .
Talk of meeting in the middle on certain areas was already permeating some of the policy discussions on Thursday .
Rep. Frank Pallone Jr. ( D - N.J. ) , who chairs the health subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee , said that the taxes issue could be resolved by simply splitting the difference between the two chambers .
The House would raise the bulk of its funding from an income surtax on high - income earners .
The Senate - passed bill would levy an excess tax on high - cost , " Cadillac " health insurance plans , which labor unions and many House Democrats oppose , along with an increase in the Medicare payroll tax on the upper - income bracket .
" Those three things could be in play in some way to achieve the pay - for , " he said .
“ We prefer the millionaire tax , " Pallone said .
" The president has always been in favor of the excise tax , and the question is whether or not it ’s in there or it ’s pared down in some way and replaced in part with some of the House pay - fors , particularly the surcharge . "
The Medicare payroll tax increase , he said , is " similar to the surcharge so there might be some way to work with that so that the senators go along in some way with what we have in mind with the surcharge on upper income . "
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - Arab members of the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) are pushing for Arabic to be made a fourth official language of the global trade body , diplomats and officials said Tuesday .
But the heavy cost of translation , interpreting and extra printing involved in adding Arabic to the three current official languages -- English , French and Spanish -- means the proposal is running up against resistance .
“ There has been a formal request made by Kuwait and members are engaged in consultations now , ” WTO spokesman Keith Rockwell said .
Any move to add Arabic as an official language would probably prompt a request for Chinese , and maybe even Russian -- aligning WTO language policy with the United Nations .
“ Well maybe Russian is a bit premature , ” said one ambassador , referring to Moscow ’s on - again off - again access process with the WTO .
Adding three languages would cost about 45 million Swiss francs ( $ 43 million ) a year , the ambassador said -- no small amount given a total WTO budget in 2009 of 189 million francs .
As a result the Arab group will need to lobby hard to convince other members of the virtues of the proposal
The WTO ’s 153 members include a dozen Arab countries , and another six are applying to join , including Iraq , Algeria and Libya .
The Arab group is also pushing for the Palestine Liberation Organization to get observer status as a prelude to membership when the occupied Palestinian territories gain statehood .
Tablet Musings
A few follow - up points speculating on The Tablet .
The App Store
The most - asked question from readers was whether I expect The Tablet to be a tightly - controlled software platform like the iPhone .
No one doubts that there will be an App Store for any possible Apple tablet computer — either a new branch of apps specifically designed for the tablet ( as I expect ) , or iPhone OS apps modified to run on larger displays , or both .
The question from readers is whether I expect the App Store will be , as on the iPhone , the only way to write native third - party software for the device .
To me this is so obvious , I did n’t consider it worth addressing .
I say : yes , of course the App Store will be the only avenue for native third - party tablet apps .
( “ Native ” as opposed to web apps , which by definition are wide open . )
Whatever the problems and complaints developers have about the iPhone App Store , Apple clearly sees it as a huge win .
They love the experience it provides , they love the control , and I ’m sure they enjoy the 30 percent cut of the revenue .
What If There Is No SDK on Day One ?
I do n’t think it ’s out of the question that we could see a replay of the iPhone third - party app story , where the SDK is not available until months after the device debuts .
Apple - quality SDKs take a lot of time and planning to produce .
As with the iPhone , the product could be good enough to ship to users long before the APIs are solid enough to ship to developers .
I do n’t think it would be tenable for Apple not to even comment on the SDK prospects this time , though .
If you thought there was an uproar with “ just write web apps for it ” in 2007 , it ’d be far louder this time .
Non-App Indie iTunes Content
But here ’s another question re : the iTunes Store and The Tablet .
Everyone , me included , presumes that a big part of The Tablet is going to involve e-reader features — some sort of thing where you can subscribe to newspapers and magazines and buy books through iTunes .
Let ’s say that ’s true .
My question here is whether it ’ll be ( a ) like the current iTunes Store for music and video , where the content comes only from major corporate media companies , or ( b ) like the App Store , where anyone can sign up to be a provider .
For that matter , why not let indie bands and filmmakers sign up to sell the music and movies through iTunes ?
Amazon lets you self - publish e-books through the Kindle store , but they take the fat side of a 65 - 35 split .
If there were an iTunes book store where Apple took only the thin side of a 70 - 30 split ( as they do with the App Store ) , I ’ll bet it would n’t take long for Amazon to sweeten their deal .
Flash
What about Flash ?
Lots of people are speculating that The Tablet will run an updated version of iPhone OS .
If that ’s true , then it almost certainly wo n’t support Flash .
Me ?
I think The Tablet is going to be running its own Whatever - the - Name - of - the - Tablet - Is OS — but if I had to bet , I ’d bet on it not supporting Flash , either .
Why ?
For most of the same reasons why I do n’t expect the iPhone OS ever to support Flash .
Flash is the leading cause of application crashes on Mac OS X .
It is buggy .
It ’s inefficient .
Presumably The Tablet is going to have a faster CPU and more RAM than an iPhone , but that does n’t mean Apple is going to treat CPU cycles and memory as any less precious than they do on the iPhone .
As I wrote in February 2008 , correctly predicting that Apple would not be adding Flash support to iPhone OS :
As it stands today , Apple is dependent on no one other than itself for the software on the iPhone .
Apple controls the source code to the whole thing , from top to bottom .
Why cede any of that control to Adobe ?
In a footnote , I added :
Google and Yahoo provide Apple with web services for things like Maps , Stocks , and Weather .
But that ’s data , not software .
To my knowledge , Apple controls the entire source code to the iPhone OS .
That ’s not to say they wrote the whole thing from scratch .
Many low - level OS components are open source .
But they have the source .
If there ’s a bug , they can fix it .
If something is slow , they can optimize or re-write it .
That is not true for Mac OS X , and Flash is a prime example .
The single leading source of application crashes on Mac OS X is a component that Apple ca n’t fix .
Yes , there ’s demand for Flash .
Yes , if The Tablet ships without Flash , there will be complaints .
But the iPhone ’s utter lack of support for Flash has n’t exactly hurt it .
( The same goes for Java , as well , but no one really complains about Java ’s absence from the iPhone . )
If The Tablet ships without Flash and it proves to be a mistake , Apple can always add it later .
But if The Tablet does ship with Flash and that proves to be a mistake , it ’d be untenable for Apple to subsequently remove it .
Barbara Forrest says there are two Louisianas .
The southern half , a mélange of ethnicities of Spanish , French , Acadians and descendants of slaves , in which Catholic and African religious traditions intermingle .
And then there is the northern half of the state with its white Anglo evangelical heritage .
It ’s this divide that has made her state a hotbed for the religious right .
The Louisiana Family Forum , a state affiliate of James Dobson ’s Focus on the Family draws much of its support from northern evangelical conservatives and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal caters to it with his support of creationist causes .
Forrest tells me this as we ’re driving around where she lives over the weekend , a place east of Baton Rouge , on a stretch of land that had been farmed by her husband ’s family for generations .
I ’m on vacation down here and stopped by for a visit .
A philosophy professor at Southeastern Louisiana University , Forrest has been at the forefront of fundamentalist attacks on religion since she co-authored with Paul Gross , Creationism ’s Trojan Horse , which connects the statements of the movement ’s leaders , providing inescapably clear evidence that the intelligent design movement is religiously motivated .
She is also a gracious host .
As we drive , Forrest points to the school in Livingston Parish where she first became involved in the issue when the board there tried to introduce creationism into its science classes .
Today , as one of intelligent design movement ’s most damning critics , a lot of people do n’t like her very much , even though they must have to work pretty hard to come up with reasons to dislike her .
As we drive , Forrest keeps up a running narrative of the history of her state .
We visit the state capitol and stand on the spot where Huey Long was assassinated .
She speaks in the soft drawl and married her high school sweetheart .
She will celebrate her 40th wedding anniversary in July .
Forrest says she believes that Louisiana ’s battles have been overshadowed by the recent Texas textbook fight in which members of the Board of Education have been trying to sneak creationist language into the curriculum .
With its incredible power over textbook publishers , Texas ( which buys its books at the state level and is the second largest purchaser of textbooks in the country next to California ) has been grabbing the anti-evolution headlines .
Meanwhile , Christian fundamentalists next door may soon quietly slip creationist friendly textbooks — under the guise of “ supplemental materials ” — into local school districts .
In 2008 , lawmakers passed the Louisiana Science Education Act , which specifically targets “ evolution , the origins of life , global warming , and human cloning ” as subjects in which educators are required to “ promote critical thinking skills . ”
It also requires “ supplemental materials ” to be used alongside textbooks in public school science class .
Forrest and the Louisiana Citizens for Science lobbied fiercely against the creationist language , but , in the end , only three members of the House voted against it because they feared crossing Jindal , who is closely allied the Louisiana Family Forum , the chief lobbyists of the bill .
Until recently , the fight had been over how the wording will be implemented and to develop a review process to make sure those “ supplemental materials ” are n’t just intelligent design books like the latest version of Pandas and People , which the Dover school board famously accepted for that purpose in 2004 .
But the Louisiana Family Forum with assistance from the pro-ID Discovery Institute have convinced the state Board of Elementary and Secondary Education to let them stack the deck in their favor .
So , here ’s where things stand now .
When there ’s a lawsuit , and there no doubt will be eventually , it ’s going to be at the local school district level .
And it ’s going to only happen after a teacher hands out a bunch of religious tracts and starts telling kids that evolution is a lie .
And some kid with the guts to stand up and challenge his teacher , a student willing to risk the inevitable hassling of his peers , is going to no doubt be the one to do it .
But until then , a lot of students in Louisiana may be indoctrinated with the message that they have to choose religion or science , but that they ca n’t embrace both .
In the run-up to the Expo , Shanghai seems to have taken this year ’s theme , “ Better City , Better Life , ” to heart , spending tens of billions of dollars to upgrade the city .
The riverfront Bund promenade is getting a makeover with parks and pedestrian - friendly sidewalks , while the subway is being dramatically expanded  including several new stations serving the World Expo site .
 Aric Chen
13 . Mumbai
On the one - year anniversary of the 2008 Mumbai attacks , citizens painted a one - kilometer stretch of wall in South Mumbai with murals to show their love and hope for the city .
The initiative , by a group of organizations that included the Mumbai Arts Project ( MAP ) , which is dedicated to creating public art projects , is just one sign that Mumbai ’s art scene is on the rebound .
A walk through the newly dubbed Colaba Art District yields no fewer than five contemporary art galleries .
In the second half of 2009 , two contemporary galleries opened : Gallery BMB ( www.gallerybmb.com), which brought in big - name artists from around the globe for its first show ( look for an exhibition focusing on new Indian women artists , starting on Feb. 8 ) , and Volte ( www.volte.in), a gallery , cafe and bookstore .
Just down the street is Project 88 ( www.project88.in), an outpost of Gallery 88 in Calcutta , focused on up - and - coming Indian and South Asian artists .
The large , simple one - room space will show the artist Hemali Bhuta with an installation on the ceiling and archival prints on the walls , starting Jan. 18 .
Also nearby is Gallery Maskara ( www.gallerymaskara.com), in a converted cotton storehouse ; starting March 15 , the space will host paintings , sculpture and watercolors by T. Venkanna , a popular artist based in nearby Vadodara .
 Lindsay Clinton
14 . Minorca
While the beat of disco pounds in Ibiza and Majorca , their quiet sister Minorca offers a tranquil contrast to the glitz next door .
The entire island is a Unesco Biosphere Reserve , so the Spanish megahotel development frenzy of the last decade has largely skipped over this patch of the Mediterranean .
That means miles of beaches some 120 of them , in fact , like the northern sweep of crystal - clear swimming waters in the coves called Cala d’Algaiarens , with fine sand and rolling dunes .
And Minorca ’s eco-diversity extends well beyond the coasts : forests , deep gorges , wetlands , salt marshes and hillsides covered in lush greenery that sometimes look more New England than Mediterranean .
Even the island ’s sun-bleached towns  Mahón and Ciutadella , each combining elements of their British colonial heritage , Moorish roots and modern Spanish identity  are more peaceful than their Majorcan equivalents .
The ideal visit to Minorca celebrates islanders ’ emphasis on agritourism  sleeping in rural establishments like Ca Na Xini ( www.canaxini.com), a dairy farm that offers an eight - room temple to modernism inside the shell of a century - old manor home .
It ’s like spring break for eco-conscious adults .
 Sarah Wildman
15 . Costa Rica
Costa Rica has been on any eco-minded traveler ’s radar for years , but with a new birding route in the northeast region of the country , there ’s a new reason to pay the country a visit .
Opened in early 2009 , the Costa Rican Bird Route ( www.costaricanbirdroute.com) encompasses 13 far - flung nature reserves with phenomenal avian diversity  the sites are home to more than 500 bird species .
Travelers can explore the route on their own with a map ( $ 12.95 when ordered online ) or hire a local guide to lead the way .
The most popular leg of the route centers on the Sarapiquí - San Carlos region , one of the last remaining habitats of the endangered and prized great green macaw .
The landscape along the route runs from wetlands and river explorations to high rain forest canopies and waterfalls ; birders can visit renowned tropical biological research stations , stay in newly built eco-lodges and hike or canoe through local family - run reserves in search of rare raptors , herons and kingfishers .
 Bonnie Tsui
16 . Marrakesh
The ancient walls of Marrakesh must have protected the city from the global recession .
Luxury boutique hotels , which began opening a few years ago , are now popping like Champagne corks over this historic and atmospheric North African city .
Suicide rates peak in the May sunshine
The Priory Group says more people take their lives in May than in any other month , which could be down to the climate .
The extra sunshine , which helps combat depression , may also provide the people the energy they need to act on their suicidal feelings , they believe .
There is one suicide every 84 minutes in UK and Ireland .
May peak
Around 6,300 people take their lives each year , the Priory Group said .
Professor Chris Thompson , the group 's director of healthcare services , said research showed there was a direct link between the amount of sunshine and the national suicide rate .
It is a harsh irony that the partial remission which most depression sufferers experience in the spring often provides the boost of energy required for executing a suicide plan
Professor Chris Thompson of the Priory Group
In Scandinavia and Canada , studies have shown that those who commit suicide have low levels of a " happy " brain chemical called serotonin .
Others have shown that serotonin levels often rise with the amount of sunlight a person is exposed to .
Professor Thompson said : " It is a harsh irony that the partial remission which most depression sufferers experience in the spring often provides the boost of energy required for executing a suicide plan .
" People coming out of depression have a higher suicide rate than those who are severely depressed and this is exacerbated by the season .
Seasonal
" Spring is a time for new beginnings and new life , yet the juxtaposition between a literally blooming world and the barren inner life of the clinically depressed is often too much for them to bear , " he said .
A spokeswoman from the Samaritans said there definitely was a rise in suicide rates in spring / summer .
She said a number of factors might be involved , such as changes in body clock and social interactions .
Figures show there has been a 50 % rise in attempted suicides since 1990 .
Most suicides are among men .
Amelia Mustapha from the Depression Alliance said : " Depression is a debilitating , life - threatening disease which affects one in five people at some stage in their lives .
" Unfortunately , depression is still under - diagnosed , which means that hundreds of thousands of people in the UK are trapped in the throes of this potentially - fatal illness .
" We urge anyone who feels suicidal , or who believes that they are seriously depressed , to visit their GP for help .
" The good news is that depression can be successfully treated and many affected by the condition go on to lead happy and fulfilling lives . "
A MAN was assaulted by a gang in a brutal race attack .
The 21 - year - old white victim was walking with his girlfriend on Clarkes Lane , Rochdale , when they were approached by a large group of Asian teenagers .
The group began attacked the couple while shouting vile abuse .
Although the 17 - year - old girl managed to struggle free , her boyfriend was repeatedly punched and kicked .
He suffered a fractured ankle and injuries to his nose and face .
The gang were aged between 16 - 20 .
One of the attackers was an older , slim youth , 5ft 8 ins , with short black hair and pointy chin and nose .
The attack was around 8 pm on Monday , November 2nd and police have issued an appeal for information now after a two - month investigation failed to track down those responsible .
Det Sgt Andrew Butterworth , of Rochdale CID , said : " The beating this man received was brutal and those responsible should be ashamed of themselves for behaving like a pack of animals .
Anyone with information is being urged to call detectives 0161 856 4644 or Crimestoppers , anonymously , on 0800 555 111 .
The cabbie drove about 50 miles to a Long Island address he found in Mrs Lettieri 's handbag .
No one answered the door at the house in Patchougue , so he left his phone number and drove back to the city .
Hours later , he received a call from the family , turned around and drove back with the money .
312px-Aecht_schlenkerla_rauchbier.jpg
Bacon - flavored beer : How could it not be awesome ?
Rauchbier is a little - known German style made from smoked malts , meaning the grains are cured over burning beech wood before they ’re brewed .
Though a couple US breweries make smoked beer ( Stone ’s smoked porter is the best of them ) , the two most traditional varieties come from Bamberg , a kind of brewer ’s Shangri - La in central Germany .
Brewing goes back a thousand years there : a population of only about 70,000 gets to share nine breweries , two malting plants , and even a factory that makes brewing equipment .
The two breweries specializing in smoked beer are Spezial and Schlenkerla .
I ’ve only been able to find Schlenkerla in the US .
( The name , apparently , means something like wobbly or crooked — a reference to the brewery ’s hunchbacked founder , crippled by a falling beer barrel as the practically required legend has it . )
Schlenkerla ’s smoked beers come in two main varieties : a märzen and a bock .
Traditionally , märzens are not as dark brown as bocks , and a tiny bit hoppier .
In this case , the Schlenkerla bock is a little harsh , and tastes smokier than it smells .
The märzen , on the other hand , is awesome : smells super rich and smoky , exactly like a nice slab of bacon .
Tastes dark and rich , with only a hint of sweet smoke , kind of like Laphroaig , or another rich scotch .
It ’s breakfast in a bottle , and at only 5 % alcohol , it makes more sense starting your day than a tumbler full of whisky .
Bigtrak was one of the awesomest toys of the 1980s ( actually introduced in 1979 ) , and , like other 80s icons , Knight Rider and the A - Team , it is staging a comeback .
Bigtrack
Jr will be a half - sized replica of the original six - wheeled autonomous robot , an object of jealous desire for kids who could n't afford one .
The rover could be programmed using a cryptic keypad on the load - bed , and sent off to " shoot " your little sister with a flashing light or deliver any manner of goods , somewhat inaccurately , from its trailer .
To get the machine where you wanted it , you 'd need to specify up to 16 ( the maximum ) steps , with instructions to turn a certain amount of degrees , pause , or move forward a certain distance ( measured in Bigtrak lengths ) .
As the only sensors on the ' bot counted wheel revolutions , it quickly strayed from the path , especially on slippery surfaces .
It was a magnificent triumph , despite requiring a knowledge of trigonometry to control it .
And rather than mess with a winning formula , Dubreq - the company which resuscitated the Stylophone - has simply shrunken it , and doubled the available program steps to 32 .
Thus yesteryear 's must - have toy becomes today 's educational device .
Actually , there is one other extra .
Dubreq has put a port on top that can accept peripherals , starting with a digital camera and - yes ! - a rocket launcher .
Little sisters beware .
Launches this year , with rocket launcher coming in 2011 .
Bigtrack Jr [ Dubreq ]
Bigtrak makes a comeback [ Pocket Lint ]
* U.S. raid could win valuable intelligence
* Attack could inflame anti-Western opinion
* Lack of civilian casualties seen as boost for military
LONDON , Sept 15 ( Reuters ) - A U.S. raid in Somalia that killed one of Africa 's top al Qaeda men has likely won valuable counter - terrorism intelligence but risks further inflaming anti-Western opinion in a country of growing concern .
The apparent absence of civilian casualties in Monday 's strike , in which U.S. special forces took custody of the body of the man , Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan , is a notable win for military anti-terror efforts often condemned for killings of innocents .
Nabhan 's body also represents a rare intelligence find for a campaign that often uses missiles fired from remotely operated drones and that as a result is sometimes hampered , most notably in Pakistan , by uncertainty about who exactly has been killed .
" Even dead , this individual is an intelligence gold mine , " said Nick Pratt , a retired U.S. Colonel and Professor of Strategy and International Politics at the Marshall Center in Germany .
" You pick up the body and there 's no speculation about whether he 's alive or dead .
With a drone you can't do that . "
" You also want to see who this fellow 's been travelling with , and you want to pick up what I call any pocket litter -- his pack , his gear , any computers . "
WORRIES ABOUT REVENGE
The Kenyan was killed by U.S. special forces in helicopters operating from a U.S. Navy ship who struck a car in the rebel - held south of the failed Horn of Africa state .
Nabhan is said to have built the truck bomb that claimed 15 lives at an Israeli - owned beach hotel on the Kenyan coast in 2002 .
He was also accused of involvement in a simultaneous but failed missile attack on an Israeli airliner in Kenya .
Several senior Somali government sources said he had been killed along with four other foreign members of al Shabaab , a group of armed Islamists fighting the fragile government .
But experts said the mere presence of U.S. troops in a war - shattered Muslim country with a disastrous record of Western intervention could hand political ammunition to Shabaab .
" There are mixed feelings , " said a Somali civic activist who declined to be identified for security reasons .
" On the one hand , people are relieved .
It happened in an isolated place with very little damage or killing of innocents , " he told Reuters .
" And no one is crying about the loss of individuals who are not Somali .
" But the idea that the Americans can come and kill whoever they want anytime , can this increase radicalisation ?
People worry about revenge .
The next few days will show . "
Al Shabaab responded angrily to Nabhan 's death , saying it would continue to target America .
But a rival militia opposed to al Shabaab welcomed the strike and called for more .
Somalia's U.N. - backed government faces a stubborn insurgency mounted by al Shabaab even as the country suffers one of the world 's worst aid emergencies .
The rebels have been joined by foreign militants who Western security agencies say are using the country as a haven to plot attacks in the region and beyond .
There are also fears about possible repercussions on Western hostages in Somalia including a French security adviser , a Canadian reporter and an Australian photographer .
" It 's contentious and potentially escalatory , " Justin Crump , head of terrorism and country risk at the Stirling Assynt security consultancy , said of Monday 's raid .
He said experts were on alert for signs that the raid would " stir up a hornet 's nest " and lead to plans to avenge Nabhan 's death in attacks in the wider east African region .
COUNTER -TERROR MOMENTUM
However , the upside of the raid for Western nations is many - faceted .
Apart from the intelligence haul including Nabhan 's DNA , it generates politically important momentum to U.S. anti-terror efforts by building on other recent killings of al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan over the past two years .
It may also raise U.S. military morale regarding a country most Americans would rather forget .
Americans remember with a shudder the disastrous U.S. - UN intervention there in the early 1990s , including the infamous Black Hawk Down battle of 1993 when 18 U.S. troops were killed in a 17 - hour fire fight that was later made into a hit movie .
James Burnell - Nugent , former commander in chief of the British navy , told Reuters the raid 's lack of civilian deaths and the recovery of DNA were " really , really important " .
" The global reach of maritime forces gives you the opportunity to carry out surgical operations using maritime troops that minimise the risk of civilian casualties , " he said .
Lack of DNA evidence after drone attacks in Pakistan has sometimes led to inconclusive results .
One example is Rashid Rauf , suspected ringleader of a 2006 plot to blow up airliners over the Atlantic , who was reportedly killed by a drone attack in Pakistan in 2008 .
Some commentators question those reports .
( Editing by Giles Elgood )
The Duty Free Time Bomb Unions Want Controls On Airport Perfume And Alcohol Sales
In the wake of the Christmas Day terror attempt on a Northwest Airlines flight , two major German employee unions are calling for closer scrutiny of products sold in airport duty free shops .
Highly flammable perfumes and high - percentage spirits could be used to make explosive devices , they argue .
Khoreshe Gheymeh - Iran - 2 ca2 , beef , lamb , mideast2 pounds stewing beef OR ; cut into 1 inch cubes or2 Pounds lamb ; cut into 1 inch cubes or1 large onion ; finely chopped3 cloves garlic chopped finely ; ( optional ) 1 can whole or crushed tomatoes � 2 tablespoon tomato paste1 / 2 cup yellow split peas1 pound potatoes ; for french fries3 teaspoons salt1 teaspoon black pepper1 teaspoon turmeric1 / 2 teaspoon cinnamon1 / 4 teaspoon cayenne pepper5 each dried lemonsvegetable oil ; for frying1 .
Fry the onions in about 2 Tbsp. of oil over medium / high heat till they are lightly golden .
Add the meat , raise the heat to high and keep frying till all the juices are absorbed .
If you want to add any garlic , it may be added at the same time as the meat .
2 .
When the juices are absorbed , add the spices ( salt , black pepper , turmeric , cinnamon , and cayenne pepper ) and fry for a minute or so ( do n't over fry ) .
Add the canned tomatoes and bring to a simmer .
If you use whole tomatoes , cut them into big chunks .
3 . Break the dried lemons into small pieces and discard the seeds as best as you can .
Add the dried lemons and yellow split peas and simmer gently for about 2 hours , or till the meat is done to your satisfaction ( fork tender ) .
If the sauce looks too thin , add the 1 - 2 Tbsp. tomato paste to thicken it .
If the sauce is too thick , add water as needed .
4 .
While the meat is simmering , make the french fries .
You want to have the french fries ready when the meat is done so do n't start too early .
I like to make the fries thinner and shorter than one usually sees in restaurants .
5 .
When the meat is done , the sauce should be thick .
Serve the stew in a large bowl with the fries sprea6 .
Serve with hot basmatti rice .�
Of course you can use fresh tomatoes instead .
Substitute about 2 pounds of skinless , seeded tomatoes .- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Yield : 1 serving Preparation Time : 0:00 ** Exported from Now You 're Cooking !
v5.32 **
The NFL will ask the competition committee to review integrity - of - game and competitive - balance concerns with clinching playoff teams that choose to rest starters at the end of the season .
" This is an issue that we have reviewed in the past .
The position of the competition committee , and affirmed by the clubs , when it was reviewed in 2005 was that 'a team that has clinched its division title has earned the right to rest its starters for the postseason , and that preparing for the postseason is just as important as protecting some other team 's playoff opportunity . '
That is the current policy , " league spokesman Greg Aiello said .
" We are aware of the fan reaction and that is a factor to be considered , " he continued .
" Some teams that have everything clinched , like the Giants and Patriots two years ago , choose to play all out to continue or gain momentum for the playoffs .
We expect to continue to review this issue . "
The Colts ' recent 29 - 15 loss to the New York Jets , which ended their shot at an undefeated season , did n't sit well with Colts fans and NFL purists .
The Colts ( 14 - 1 ) had nothing significant to play for , having clinched their eighth straight playoff berth in late
November .
In a controversial decision , coach Jim Caldwell chose to sit quarterback Peyton Manning and numerous starters for most of the second half .
The Jets ' win boosted the playoff chances for New York , which can clinch a postseason spot with a victory Sunday against the Bengals .
Cincinnati , which has clinched the AFC North , also might sit some of its key players in the game .
Information from ESPN senior NFL analyst Chris Mortensen and The Associated Press was used in this report .
Alex Queral is a Philadelphian sculptor best known for using old phone books to carve their pages into celebrities faces .
Some of the celebrities he ’s made sculptures of include Barack Obama , Jack Nicholson , Frida Kahlo and John Goodman .
The process takes at least a couple of weeks to complete .
He begins by sketching the famous person ’s face on a piece of paper and laying it over the phone book , after that he uses a razor blade , patiently carving away at the thousands of pages that lie within phone book to create the 3D portrait .
He then paints each face with a monochromatic wash to distinguish the portraits from the pages .
Queral says that creating these portraits is a very tense process because it takes so long to do , and if you “ cut something away you ca n’t get it back again . ”
Below you can check out 20 unbelievable examples of his carvings …
Compiled exclusively for WDD by Zoe Ajiboye .
What do you think of this type of art ?
Please share your thoughts below …
Late last year the Royal Canadian Mounted Police issued a directive to the agencies that facilitate national criminal background checks that has caused significant concern to employers .
This lengthy post describes this important development .
Background on CPIC and background checks
The Canadian Police Information Centre or “ CPIC ” is a national database administered by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
It contains a range of information useful to law enforcement , including records about hybrid and indictable offences .
CPIC is maintained primarily for law enforcement purposes , and is both populated and queried by “ CPIC agencies ” ( local police forces and other government agencies ) who are authorized to access the database in accordance with policies contained in a document called the “ CPIC Reference Manual . ”
Though it is maintained primarily for law enforcement purposes , CPIC is also an important source of information for employers who need to screen new hires because it is the only national database of criminal records .
Employers can obtain information about job applicants through a CPIC agency , either by contacting an agency directly or by using a commercial service provider .
The most basic kind of CPIC check identifies whether an individual has a record of a conviction or a discharge in the database .
A “ vulnerable sector ” check identifies whether an individual has been granted a pardon for certain specified sexual offences , but is only available to organizations hiring individuals to care for children and vulnerable persons based on restrictions in the Criminal Records Act .
The recent developments are only about the process for conducting CPIC checks .
A “ local indicies check ” or “ police check ” is something different , and generally refers to a check of police files and occurrence reports within a locale , and not necessarily an entire province .
Though confined , such checks can provide a broader range of information than a CPIC check , including information on provincial offences convictions , charges and miscellaneous “ occurrences . ”
The directive and interim policy
Late last November , the RCMP sent one or more directives to all CPIC agencies .
It alleged non-compliance with the CPIC Reference Manual and demanded change .
On December 8th , the RCMP issued an interim policy entitled “ Dissemination of Criminal Record Information ” and a new FAQ explaining aspects of the interim policy .
These communications address a number of compliance - related matters , two of which are having a particular impact on employers : ( 1 ) the matter of the information that may be provided in response to searches based only on name and date of birth and ( 2 ) the matter of commercial service provider involvement in the conduct of vulnerable sector checks .
Response to basic searches highly qualified
The RCMP direction on information provided in response to searches based on name and date of birth only – so called “ Criminal Name Index / Criminal Record Synopsis ” searches – dictates what agencies can say in response to a request .
If , for example , a name and date of birth search does produce a match , the RCMP has directed agencies to respond as follows :
Based solely on the name(s ) and date of birth provided , a search of the National Criminal Records repository maintained by the RCMP could not be completed .
In order to complete the request , the applicant is required to have fingerprints submitted to the National Criminal Records repository by an authorized police service or accredited private fingerprinting company .
Positive identification that a criminal record may or may not exist at the National Criminal Records repository can only be confirmed by fingerprint comparison .
Not all offences are reported to the National Criminal Records repository .
A local indices check may or may not reveal criminal record convictions that have not been reported to the National Criminal Records repository .
The RCMP says this qualified statement is necessary in order to ensure accurate identification of individuals with criminal records .
While understandable , there is currently no expeditious process for verifying a criminal record .
The RCMP says its current verification process can take more than 120 days to complete when a criminal record is encountered .
Individuals must attend at a local police station or certified fingerprinting agency to start the verification process , but results can be delivered directly to employers .
Vulnerable sector checks must be provided directly
The RCMP direction on vulnerable sector checks specifies that these checks ( and checks involving records protected by the Youth Criminal Justice Act ) must not be provided through commercial services providers .
The FAQ explains the process that police forces must follow in releasing results :
The results can only be first released to the applicant by the police .
If a record exists , it must be confirmed by the submission of fingerprints .
If the record is confirmed or there is no record and the applicant chooses to divulge the results to the organization , the police agency may only release the information to the organization with the prior written consent by that individual .
The RCMP also has specified that vulnerable sector checks can only be performed for positions inside Canada .
Impact on employers
The RCMP states that its recent directive is consistent with its pre-existing policy , its own authority to deal with CPIC records ( as granted by the Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness ) and various statutory constraints .
The perception is , however , that the directive will cause a change in the services available to employers .
The most significant perceived change relates to the length of time it will now take to receive a verified result .
The 120 time frame for a verified check raises operational concerns for employers .
Can we wait to hire a good candidate ?
Can we bear the risk of hiring a non-verified applicant ?
Can we bear the risk of employing a non-verified applicant on an interim basis ?
There are also legal concerns , particularly for employers who employ persons in jurisdictions that offer human rights code protection for “ record of offences . ”
Do we have a duty to accommodate ?
If so , how does that constrain our ability to fill an opening with another candidate ?
Employer reliance on local indicies checks is likely to increase , though conducting multiple local searches of non-standard databases may take time and leave questions about coverage .
There are also human rights compliance risks associated with local indicies checks given the scope of information they can reveal .
There is little publicly - available information on the RCMP ’s direction or on its plans to move beyond the interim policy .
The interim policy itself does indicate that a working group comprised of CPIC agencies , public safety partners and , “ as may be required , ” commercial service providers will meet in 2010 .
The RCMP will ask its working group to “ develop , clear , uniform practices for CPIC Agencies that have partnerships with Third Party Companies for conducting name - based criminal record verifications . ”
Look for more information to come .
Related Resources
So Sony have dumped Sam Raimi and Tobey Maguire , and plan to reboot the Spider - Man movie franchise by taking Peter Parker back to his high school days to start all over .
Sounds like half of a great idea , at least .
Advertisement
I actually have nothing against bringing in new people to make the next Spider - movie , especially after the mess of the third ( As blasphemous as it may sound , I was never completely sold on Tobey Maguire 's Peter Parker anyway , and do n't get me started on Kirsten Dunst ) ; there 's no reason why the Spider - Man movies could n't just be treated like James Bond , the actors , directors and writers changing on a regular basis as the movies continue ( See also , to lesser effect , the Batman movies .
But we got Chris Nolan in the end , so there 's that ) .
No , what I do n't understand is why the franchise is finding itself going backwards for the next movie .
This is how Sony announced the news :
Peter Parker is going back to high school when the next Spider - Man hits theaters in the summer of 2012 .
Columbia Pictures and Marvel Studios announced today they are moving forward with a film based on a script by James Vanderbilt that focuses on a teenager grappling with both contemporary human problems and amazing super - human crises .
Advertisement
Here 's what makes no sense to me : WHY ARE THEY PUTTING PETER PARKER BACK IN HIGH SCHOOL ?!?
It is n't just this movie reboot ; Marvel Comics have become obsessed with permanently de-aging Spider - Man over the last decade , first with their Ultimate Spider - Man series - where writer Brian Michael Bendis has publicly announced that Peter will never graduate high school no matter how long the series runs - and then with successive series Spider - Man Loves Mary - Jane and Marvel Adventures Spider - Man .
Every new version of Spider - Man , it seems , will make sure that he 's underage and fulfilling the high - school fantasies that his fanbase never achieved .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
But why ?
Despite Marvel 's insistence otherwise , Spider - Man is n't really a high - school character .
The original version of the character had graduated and was attending university less than three years after his creation ; if anything , the college - age Peter Parker is probably the archetypal one for most fans , having managed to survive for twenty years or so ( There 's a post - grad involved somewhere in there , but even so , apparently Peter was n't really fast with the learning ) .
Of course , this is the publisher who retconned the character 's 25 - year marriage because they thought it made him seem too old , so perhaps there 's some kind of not - so - subconscious wish fulfillment makeover on behalf of the creators going on here .
Advertisement
It seems off , though ; as a character , Spider - Man works best not as a high - school kid , but just past that , at the point in his life where he 's leaving that world of security behind and having to juggle newfound responsibilities as an adult ( Including having to take responsibility for himself ) with his newfound powers .
Do n't get me wrong , Ultimate Spider - Man works - but because of the sharp , witty writing , not because of the high - school setting ( The same with Marvel Adventures Spider - Man , for that matter ) .
Unlike , say , Buffy , Spider - Man is n't about metaphors for high - school , but about what comes afterwards - Dealing with asshole bosses ( Hello , J. Jonah Jameson ! ) , money worries and a repeatedly screwed - up lovelife ( One of the things that the movie series has skipped over , by bringing in Mary - Jane so early : Hopefully the reboot can do more with that aspect of the comics ) as well as all the superhero stuff people come back for time after time .
( There 's also an argument to be made that it 's about growing up in general - stuck between two identities , one of which is a reminder of who he " used " to be , and is expected to continue to be for others , and the other , which identifies as " Man " as opposed to boy , where he feels more free and yet has arguably a greater responsibility to more people .
But that 's neither here nor there . )
Advertisement
But even if Spider - Man was a classic high - school tale , rebooting the movie franchise still seems premature , not just in terms of time ( There 'll only be four years between " versions " of the character , enough time for the old version to be fresh in audiences ' minds ) , but also in terms of untapped potential in the Raimi version .
Yes , some villains have been used ( and , in the case of the Green Goblin , used up ) already , but there are many more left untouched .
Also , for the most part , the characters are still relatively clean slates beyond the basics that are unlikely to change in any version of the franchise .
Why risk confusing , or worse , upsetting fans by overwriting or remaking stories they 've just finished with when there 's so much else left to do ?
It would be one thing if the Spider - Man movies were n't hugely successful - As much as I think that rebooting the Fantastic Four and Daredevil movies is a bad move , at least you could argue that their cinematic versions have untapped potential , both in terms of financial success and moviemaking - but the idea of hitting reverse on the franchise that pretty much restarted the superhero movie boom while it was still in motion seems such a counter - intuitive move ( Why mess with success , as they say ? ) that it either speaks to a future disaster , or some impossibly cunning plan that we can't appreciate yet .
Based upon the choice to de-age the character , I 'm worried that it 's not the latter .
Knock has become a popular destination for pilgrims
An Irish eye surgeon has said an " unprecedented " rise in the number of cases of an eye condition could be directly related to people staring at the sun at a holy shrine .
Thousands of people have been travelling to the County Mayo pilgrimage shrine of Knock after hearing that the Virgin Mary would appear there .
Some claimed to have seen the sun " dancing in the sky " .
Dr Eamonn O'Donoghue , a consultant ophthalmologist surgeon told the Irish Times that the hospital would usually see one case of solar retinopathy " at most " per year .
However , there have been five such cases so far this year , all of them linked to events at Knock .
Dr O'Donoghue , who is based at University Hospital , Galway , said people needed to be warned of the condition as it was " potentially very , very dangerous " and could cause long - term damage to the most vulnerable part of the eye .
" These people came in because they have had a significant reduction in their vision and they could very well be a smaller representative sample , " Dr O'Donoghue said .
He added that two of those who had presented to the hospital had also reported that other members of their families had suffered visual damage .
Staring at the sun can cause retinal damage " It can potentially lead to blindness with prolonged exposure , " Dr O'Donoghue said .
While he was unaware how the events were organised , he said , it would be " profoundly irresponsible " for anyone to encourage people to stare at the sun .
A crowd of about 7,000 people gathered at the shrine of the Virgin Mary on Saturday 31 October .
At this and at another event on 11 October , some people claimed to have seen the sun " dancing in the sky " .
Solar retinopathy , or eclipse retinopathy as it is also known , can cause a significant reduction in vision .
It can also lead to altered images , altered colour perception and blind spots .
While most people will recover their vision within six months , solar retinopathy has the potential to have a long - term degenerative effect on the retina .
He said that reports of people seeing colours dancing in front of the sun could also be explained by the condition , describing it as " sort of a cheap trick " .
" If you stare at the sun for long enough you 're going to get some visual disturbances .
Not only will you get reduced vision but also a condition called metamorphopsia , " he said , adding that this could explain such visual alterations .
" Since the time of Galileo people have known that looking directly at the sun can do damage to your eyes , " Dr O'Donoghue said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Inchirieri auto Bucuresti ieftine Otopeni – flexibilitate si eficienta
Este indicat sa luati in calcul posibilitatea de a opta pentru aceste servicii de inchirieri auto Bucuresti ieftine , deoarece numai in aceste conditii veti avea parte de conditii eficiente si flexibile de transport .
Puteti lua legatura cu o companie din acest domeniu ( vezi oferte bune pe www.expert-inchirieriauto.ro ) pentru a primi masina in locatia dorita cu sofer sau fara sofer .
In aceste conditii , veti avea la dispozitie o variata ideala de transport atunci cand veti ajunge la aeroport si veti dori sa ajungeti in anumite zone .
Acestea sunt si motivele pentru care multe persoane iau in calcul posibilitatea de a opta pentru astfel de servicii .
Nevoile personale in ceea ce priveste eficienta si flexibilitatea in transport , fac ca multe persoane sa ia in calcul posibilitatea de a colabora cu o companie ce poate oferi masini de inchiriat Bucuresti Otopeni .
Oricum , piata serviciilor de acest tip s - a dezvoltat foarte mult si in tara noastra , ceea ce inseamna ca veti avea posibilitatea de a gasi exact ceea ce va intereseaza , servicii ideale pentru a ajunge in locatiile dorite mereu la timp .
Serviciile de acest tip va pot oferi o solutie eficienta si in situatiile in care nu veti dori sa calatoriti cu masina personala din diferite motive .
Acestea sunt motivele pentru care serviciile de inchirieri masini sunt tot mai solicitate in ultimii ani si ofera mereu confort , rapiditate , flexibilitate si independenta .
Astfel , orice persoana va avea posibilitatea de a ajunge de la aeroport in locatiile dorite , indiferent de distanta sau de ora .
In plus , serviciile de inchirieri pun la dispozitie metode confortabile de transport , in raport cu celelalte posibilitati reprezentate de mijloacele de transport in comun .
Nu trebuie decat sa luati in calcul posibilitatea de a opta pentru aceste servicii de inchirieri masini Bucuresti Otopeni si cu siguranta veti ajunge mereu la timp in locatiile dorite .
Persoanele care au facut deja acest lucru sunt pe deplin multumite de ceea ce au primit si mai ales de pretul pentru serviciile de acest tip .
In alegerea pe care o veti face in ceea ce priveste compania cu care veti colabora , este indicat sa tineti cont de unele recomandari pentru a lua deciziile potrivite .
Apoi , nu trebuie decat sa va ganditi la perioada de inchiriere si la data si ora la care veti dori sa primiti masina la aeroport .
Lucrurile sunt destul de simple in ceea ce privesc serviciile de acest tip si nu va trebui decat sa luati in calcul posibilitatea de a beneficia de serviciile oferite de o firma de inchirieri masini in Bucuresti .
Mai jos va rugam sa gasiti datele de contact pentru Expert inchirieri auto .
Automobile Expert SRL
B-dul Iuliu Maniu , nr7 , Cladirea Administrativa Apaca , etaj 1 , Biroul 5 , Bucuresti 061072
Phone 0754422599
Email : contact@expert-inchirieriauto.ro

1. Without the Troubled Asset Relief Program , Wall Street banks would not have survived the shock to the financial system that occurred in September 2008 .
Nor would they have subsequently accrued large profits and bonus pools in 2009 .
Should n’t a substantial share of those bonus pools be sequestered on bank balance sheets for several years to increase the banks ’ capital levels and shield taxpayers against another bailout ?
2 . All deposits insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation that were held by Wall Street financial conglomerates should have been insulated in separate bank subsidiaries that were prohibited from trading , holding derivative securities and investing in risky assets like equities or bonds with less than a AAA rating .
Would n’t such safeguards have reduced excess banker risk - taking , thereby reducing the need for taxpayer bailouts ?
3. Wall Street turbocharged the subprime mortgage boom from 2002 to 2006 by providing billions in cheap warehouse loans to non-bank lenders that otherwise had virtually no capital or financing .
Had the Federal Reserve kept short - term interest rates at a more normal 4 percent to 5 percent , rather than pushing them down to 1 percent , would this not have greatly curtailed the reckless growth of subprime loans ?
 DAVID STOCKMAN , a director of the Office of Management and Budget under President Ronald Reagan

1 . One result of the Pecora commission , the Depression equivalent of this investigation , was the Glass - Steagall Act , which kept investment banking separate from commercial banking until the act was repealed in 1999 .
Many experts now believe that divide should be reinstated .
Yet commercial banks like Washington Mutual lost a lot of money during the crisis without having any investment banking activities , and pure investment banks like Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers collapsed without being deposit - taking institutions .
This suggests that the problem does not lie with mingling commercial and investment banking .
Are you in favor of the return of Glass - Steagall , and why ?
2 . Many people argue that the financial industry now accounts for far too much of the gross domestic product and that it is unproductive , indeed counterproductive , to devote so much of the nation ’s resources to simply moving money around rather than making things .
Why has this shift occurred and what , if anything , can the government do about it ?
3 . Over the last 20 years , the world of finance has been irrevocably transformed : individuals have moved their money from savings accounts into money market funds , and institutional investors now keep their cash in the repo market , where Treasury securities are borrowed and lent , rather than as deposits in commercial banks .
As a result , before the crisis , half of the credit provided in the United States was being channeled outside the commercial banking system .
What regulatory changes do we need to ensure that our current financial system is as stable as the traditional banking system that served us so well from 1936 to 1996 ?
 LIAQUAT AHAMED , the author of “ Lords of Finance : The Bankers Who Broke the World ”

1. Describe in detail the three worst investments your bank made in 2007 and 2008  that is , those transactions on which you lost the most money .
How much did the bank lose in each case ?
OTTAWA–The Royal Canadian
Mint is going to keep better track of its gold after investigations into how $ 15.3 million of the precious metal was lost revealed it had never gone missing .
The Crown Corporation released the results of three third - party reviews Monday that fully explain how its records showed it had 17,500 troy ounces ( about 544 kilograms ) of gold that was not actually in its coffers .
There was speculation the mint had been the target of a heist after an external audit in June ruled out sloppy bookkeeping as the cause and urged officials to look into whether the gold had been stolen .
The third - party security reviews released Monday " concluded that the unreconciled difference was not the result of criminal activities , either by theft , fraud or reasons relating to data manipulation of information technology systems , " the Mint said on its website .
The RCMP had also concluded last month there was no evidence to support a criminal investigation .
Instead , the reviews found that more than $ 3 million was sold off as slag - at a fraction of what it was worth - and another $ 8 million had never left the building but was miscounted .
" The Mint has learned some valuable lessons , " the statement on the website said .
The Mint is now changing the way it keeps track of its gold by counting its precious metal stock every quarter instead of twice a year .
The Mint will also refine all its slag by - products internally and quickly to avoid accumulating ( and losing track of ) too much slag .
It has also hired a new metal comptroller and additional material management staff , implemented a more robust accounting system , is updating how it estimates process losses and staff will be better prepared for the counts .
The Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines ' ship Independence of the Seas went ahead with its scheduled stop at a fenced - in private Haitian beach surrounded by armed guards , leaving its passengers to " cut loose " on the beach , just a few kilometers from one of the worst humanitarian disasters in the region 's history .
The ship 's owners justified it as a humanitarian call , because the ship also delivered 40 palettes of relief supplies while its passengers frolicked on zip - lines and ate barbeque within the 12 - foot - high fence 's perimeter :
The Florida cruise company leases a picturesque wooded peninsula and its five pristine beaches from the government for passengers to " cut loose " with watersports , barbecues , and shopping for trinkets at a craft market before returning on board before dusk .
Safety is guaranteed by armed guards at the gate .
The decision to go ahead with the visit has divided passengers .
The ships carry some food aid , and the cruise line has pledged to donate all proceeds from the visit to help stricken Haitians .
But many passengers will stay aboard when they dock ; one said he was " sickened " .
" I just ca n't see myself sunning on the beach , playing in the water , eating a barbecue , and enjoying a cocktail while [ in Port - au - Prince ] there are tens of thousands of dead people being piled up on the streets , with the survivors stunned and looking for food and water , " one passenger wrote on the Cruise Critic internet forum .
" It was hard enough to sit and eat a picnic lunch at Labadee before the quake , knowing how many Haitians were starving , " said another .
" I can't imagine having to choke down a burger there now . "
Pink does n't need a bodyguard .
In fact , she has an entourage of exactly one — her tour manager , Nick Cua — when she arrives at a hotel in Birmingham , England ( where she 's on tour ) , for her Women 's Health interview .
" She can take care of herself , " Cua says .
But the five - foot - three firecracker who emerges from the dressing room in a curve - cradling designer dress also could n't be sweeter or more polite , thanking the Women 's Health team for choosing her to be on the cover because " I 've worked hard for this body ! "
Oh , yes , that body .
Should you need inspiration to break out of the tedium of your treadmill routine , you 'd do well to get to a Pink concert pronto for a close - up look at the performer 's fantastic new physique , as showcased in barely - there costumes .
You 'll leave itching to hit an all - night fitness club after the encore .
But the artist behind the Cirque du Soleil - style stunts ( at the 2009 VMAs , Pink sang upside down , dangling by one leg from a trapeze ) is also a woman to be admired for many other reasons .
Get the complete WH interview on newsstands now and hear the kind of honesty rarely exhibited by a major star .
Pink talks about the power of performing in front of thousands , enduring a yearlong separation from her husband , and how ramping up her workout helped restore her confidence .
( Plus , why she 'd only rate her body at a seven and a half ! )
Do n't wait -- Pink is on newsstands for only one more day !
More Pink :
Behind the scenes in our January / February cover shoot :
Also , congrats to Pink for leaving us all breathless with her showstopping ( and athletic ! )
Grammy performance .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
La diretta di luned ì 1 febbraio con il Passaparola di Marco Travaglio sarà trasmessa alle ore 16.30 .
Da Il Fatto Quotidiano del 30 gennaio 2010
( Vignetta di
Fifo
Commento del giorno
di Alessandro
- lasciato il 29/1/2010 alle 18:52 nel post Ambrogio Mauri , una vittima vera
Secondo il " Principio di Peter " , best - seller degli anni ' 70 scritto dallo psicologo canadese Laurence Peter , ogni posizione lavorativa tende ad essere occupata da un impiegato incompetente per i compiti che deve svolgere .
E fu così che il nano ebbe l'illuminazione : Bertolaso ministro .
Grazie a Massimo Tartaglia , il collega squilibrato che l’ha colpito con un souvenir , il Banana era riuscito a far dimenticare Veronica , le euroveline , Noemi , Patrizia e i ponti aerei di gnocca aviotrasportata su voli di Stato nelle sue varie residenze .
Svanite anche le dieci domande di Repubblica , dopo le dieci non-risposte date nel libro di Vespa e i casi Marrazzo e Delbono .
Grazie a D’Alema , poi , la Puglia era tornata a essere un caso politico e non un serbatoio di escort presidenziali .
Poi , due giorni fa , è uscito Panorama con lo scoop dell ’indagine di Bari sul , subito smentita dalla Procura e confermata da Panorama ( quindi una balla ) .
E ilè tornato al centro dell ’attenzione .
Anche perché la patacca è stata rilanciata dal Giornale e da Libero .
Ora persino Minzolini potrebbe scoprire l’esistenza di Patrizia .
Ancora una volta , non bastando i casi Boffo e Fini , rovinano le strategie comunicative del pover ’ometto che li paga .
“ Esclusivo .
Il piano organizzato a tavolino per mettere alle corde Berlusconi .
I registi : politici , magistrati e giornalisti .
E un gruppo di personaggi disposti a tutto ” ( anche a portarsi la D’Addario nel lettone di Putin e a candidarla a Bari ) .
Il Giornale : “ Complotto contro il premier .
Panorama rivela un’indagine segreta ” ( così segreta che nemmeno la Procura ne sa nulla ) .
Libero : “ Sputtanata .
Crollano le accuse della D’Addario .
Toghe , politici e giornali d’accordo per rovinare Silvio .
Patrizia era l’esca ” ( chi fosse il tonno è superfluo precisarlo ) .
Cogliamo fior da fiore dagli articoli di Giorgio Mulè , sagace direttore di Panorama , e di Giacomo Amadori , autore dello .
“ A noi – comunica Mulè restando serio – interessano i fatti ” .
Perbacco .
“ Gli inquirenti sono sul punto di alzare il coperchio su una trama maleodorante ” .
Slurp .
“ Berlusconi vittima di complotto , la D’Addario ‘ agente provocatore ’ manovrata da Tarantini , Tarantini ‘ terminale ’ di spregiudicati burattinai politici , a loro volta legati a giornalisti ” .
Ma “ sotto la lente degli inquirenti ” ( e dove , se no ? ) “ ci sarebbero perfino magistrati in servizio a Bari ” .
Roba forte , anche perché “ il capo della Procura Laudati è tutto fuorché uno sprovveduto ” : “ si muove coi piedi di piombo ” ed “ estrema riservatezza ” ( per questo smentisce : è schivo ) , è “ affilato e distinto ” , usa un “ metodo investigativo che , per giungere alle conclusioni , si basa sui fatti e sull ’ analisi di tutti i particolari che gravitano intorno a essi ” .
Mica bruscolini .
Dunquefu “ selezionata e consegnata a Tarantini ” perché la infilasse nel lettone di Putin .
Quella sera l’anziano premier stava ultimando la consueta partita a rubamazzo con Bondi , Cicchitto e Capezzone , che perdevano apposta per non farlo star male , quando la maliarda , intrufolatasi a Palazzo Grazioli travestita da Bonaiuti , lo sorprese alle spalle e lo violentò .
“ No , no , vade retro Satana ” , urlava lui dimenandosi come un ossesso nel suo curioso accappatoio bianco , “ io penso solo a Veronica e ai valori della famiglia di Santa Romana Chiesa ! ” .
Ma non ci fu nulla da fare , complice unaa base di Cialis e Viagra trovata nel comodino .
Resta da capire chi montò un filmato col sosia del Banana che pareva piuttosto entusiasta della cosa , quale imitatore telefonò più volte alla signora nei giorni seguenti e come fu che lei finì in lista alle comunali di Bari .
Ma lo scopo del complotto è evidente : “ Compromettere la reputazione del premier ” e “ ridicolizzarlo oltreconfine ” più di quanto non faccia lui da solo .
Una mission impossible .
Nulla però è impossibile a queste , legate a “ intermediari internazionali , diretti a loro volta da politici italiani rimasti per ora nell ’ ombra ” , anche se “ è logico pensare che i burattinai vadano ricercati nel campo avverso al Pdl ” .
Visto che si proponevano di rovesciare il premier , si esclude pure che appartengano al Pd.
Si batte la pista dei venusiani .
JP Morgan is the first US bank to report fourth - quarter results Wall Street bank JP Morgan Chase has reported profits of $ 3.3 bn ( £ 2 bn ) for the last three months of 2009 .
That compares with profits of $ 702 m reported at the end of 2008 at the height of the financial crisis .
Total profits for the year were $ 11.7bn , the bank said , with investment banking providing the bulk of the earnings .
Staff compensation - made up of salaries and bonuses - totalled $ 27bn for the year .
Investment bankers earned $ 9.3 bn in pay and bonuses .
Mixed performance Jamie Dimon , JP Morgan 's chairman and chief executive , said he was pleased with the bank 's performance , but said it could be better .
" Though these results showed improvement , we acknowledge that they fell short of both an adequate return on capital and the firm 's earnings potential , " he said .
JP MORGAN CHASE
Third - largest bank in the US with operations in 60 countries Rescued two of its large rivals , Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual , in 2008 Its exposure to the US sub - prime mortgage market was relatively small Quickly repaid a $ 25 bn emergency loan it received from the US government as part of the Tarp programme Mr Dimon also praised staff for helping to protect the bank in its recovery from the banking crisis and for keeping it " healthy and vibrant " .
Investors appeared unimpressed with JP Morgan 's results , with shares in the bank falling 2 % in early trading , though they later recovered .
" The top - line results were disappointing and there were pressures on credit card lending and retail banking , " commented David Buik from BGC Partners .
" It shows the US economy is far from out of the woods yet . "
The bank lost $ 2.2 bn through its credit card business last year , and retail banking also made a loss in the fourth quarter .
Bonus payouts JP Morgan 's 200,000 employees were paid a total of $ 27bn in salaries and bonuses over the year - an 18 % increase on 2008 - though a figure for bonus payments alone was not given .
The $ 9.3 bn earned by investment bankers was a 21 % increase on the previous year .
The results follow US President Barack Obama 's announcement on Thursday of plans to claw back nearly $ 120 bn from US banks to pay back bail - out costs .
" If these companies are in good enough shape to afford massive bonuses , they are surely in good enough shape to afford paying back every penny to taxpayers , " President Obama said , announcing the measure .
JP Morgan received $ 25 bn of funds from the government 's bail - out fund , known as the Troubled Asset Relief Programme ( Tarp ) , but repaid it in full in June last year .
Unlike many of its rivals , the bank did not report a quarterly loss during the financial crisis , having benefitted from a relatively low exposure to the US sub - prime mortgage market .
The US 's other major banks including Goldman Sachs , Morgan Stanley and Citigroup will report their results from Monday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A team of deputies hit the streets last night in an attempt to interview Superior Court judges ' assistants in their homes .
" It was pure intimidation , " one judge who asked to remain anonymous tells New Times .
Judicial assistants are hired and fired by the judges , and Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio was counting on their loyalty to their bosses to deliver his message of fear , the judge surmises .
" The first thing they ( JA's ) would do is pick up the phone and call their boss , " the judge says , adding that 's what Arpaio wanted .
Before the deputies could get started with their questions , this judge 's JA asked the deputies to make an appointment to talk at the courthouse .
The deputies asked some of the assistants if they thought anything was
suspicious about the planned construction of a new court building .
But
the Arpaio 's people obviously knew that getting anything would be a long shot .
Do n't you wonder how many criminals went uncaught last night because deputies were fooling around on this political mission ?
Sure , the deputies may have hoped someone would spill their guts about
the evil conspiracy alleged in the federal racketeering lawsuit launched last week by Thomas and Arpaio .
The deputies tried the same tactic over the weekend , visiting the homes of 11 county employees .
As an evidence - gathering technique , this seems like a random act of desperation -- an outside hope that convincing evidence of a crime could be found in this court - tower investigation .
That is , something that might make the public believe the investigation is
legit .
But it does seem that the deputies ' primary mission is intimidation .
The judge we chatted with this morning was n't intimidated .
" I 'm angry as hell ! " the judge says .
UPDATE : Here are the names of the judges whose assistants were contacted by deputies last night , provided to us by a trusty source .
Deputies also attempted to contact more court employees besides the JAs :
Deputies tried to contact the judicial assistants of the following judges :
Flores
Morez
Martin
Harrison
Granville
Commissioner Hintz
Other court employees receiving contact or attempted contact :
Cedric Lamar - Criminal Court Administrator
Betsey Jobes - Criminal Court Administrator
Kerry Vogel
Sheryl Prokoff
Vincent Funari - Media Relations
Neda Billingsly ( former JA to Judge Baca , now criminal JA trainer )
Robin Hoskins ( Court Admin and Daughter of Treasurer Hos Hoskins ) .
Me : “ Thanks for calling [ Credit Card Company ] .
My name is [ My Name ] .
Can I get your first and last name , please ? ”
Caller : “ I wanted to talk to the computer . ”
Me : “ Well , ma’am , the reason you got me is because [ Credit Card Company ] wants to take care of you personally and let you know about – ”
Caller : “ I want to talk to the computer , not a person !
I do n’t like talking to people . ”
Me : “ Well , ma’am , I ’ve already got your account info up on the screen .
I can give you the same info the computer lady can . ”
Caller : “ No !
I want to talk to the computer !
I do n’t want to talk to a d*** agent !
I wanted to get my balance from the computer ! ”
Me : “ Ma’am , since I ’ve got it up already , would you like me to just give you the info so you do n’t have to call back ?
You ’d still get an agent if you did . ”
Caller : “ NO !
I WANT TO TALK TO THE COMPUTER ! ” * click *
Speaking with Gamekult , Ubisoft France boss Geoffroy Sardin has revealed that Beyond Good and Evil 2 is still in production .
Good news , innit .
Asked if both the pig - based sequel and I Am Alive were still on the go , he said ( via translations ) :
“ They are still in production every two … ”
The last anything was heard on BG&E2 was when the game was , apparently , put on hold last August .
Some leaked footage , apparently of the game , came out nearly three weeks before E3 last year .
The game was first shown at Ubidays 2008 , but since then , nothing official has come from Ubisoft in terms of media .
Deep Discount Discount Tips
There are tons of ways to score a deal on your next movie purchase at Deep Discount .
You do n't need to look much further than the front page , where you can view current promos like Buy More , Save More sales and a list of titles that you can buy for under $ 20 .
Whenever possible , check this page for the latest Deep Discount coupon codes and online promo codes .
Even when there are n't any coupon codes available , you can still save money at this retailer by signing up for its email list , qualifying for free shipping and shopping the sales .
Deep Discount does not offer any status - based discounts like a student discount , military discount or senior citizen discount .
If you want to make sure that you ’re always getting the best deal on your fan merchandise and vinyl purchases , read on for all of the different ways to save at this merchant .
Deep Discount Coupon Policy
Before filling up your cart with new and classic movies and music , make sure that you 're familiar with the Deep Discount coupon policy .
You can only use one coupon code per transaction , as Deep Discount does not offer any stackable coupons .
If you enter more than one discount code , the system will only recognize the one entered most recently .
Some offers might require a minimum purchase or they may only work on eligible items , so make sure you 've chosen the correct items before applying the coupon .
Deep Discount Email Program
Want to hear about new releases , upcoming sales events and exclusive offers and promotions from Deep Discount ?
It only takes a moment to sign up for the website 's email newsletter .
You can join by clicking the " Join Our Email List " button at the top of the webpage , or by enabling email updates under your account settings .
Deep Discount does not have a rewards program or a loyalty program .
By joining the email list , you can stay in touch with the company and rest assured knowing that you can always get the best possible deal .
Deep Discount Return Policy
Not feeling your recent Deep Discount acquisition ?
That 's okay , you can return most items within 30 days of the shipping date and still get a full refund or exchange .
The item must be in its original unopened packaging to qualify for a refund .
You are still responsible for the cost of return shipping , unless your return is due to damage , defect or company error .
Once your refund has been processed , it will be returned to your credit card or other original method of payment .
Deep Discount Price Adjustment Policy
While Deep Discount does n't necessarily provide price adjustments on its own products , it will match prices from other online media retailers .
The Guaranteed Lowest Total Price guarantee does not apply to items that are no longer available on the Deep Discount website , price mistakes or items that are sold in auctions or by unauthorized resellers .
You cannot combine a price match with a coupon .
Get the Best Shipping Price
It 's pretty easy to score free shipping on your Deep Discount order .
All you have to do to qualify is spend at least $ 25 on the website .
Otherwise , expect to pay $ 1.99 per unit on shipping for orders $ 25 or less .
Oversized and heavy items may be subject to an additional shipping fee .
Contact Deep Discount Customer Service
Have questions about Deep Discount products , price matches or any other related inquiries ?
There are a couple of different ways to get in touch with the company .
You can speak with a representative by calling 1 ( 800 ) 264-5076 .
If you would prefer to submit a help ticket and correspond over email , you can do so on the Deep Discount Contact Us page .
Deep Discount Company Information
Corporate Headquarters Address : 740 Hilltop Drive , Itasca , IL 60143
Social Media :
Deep Discount About Us
Deep Discount Facebook
Deep Discount Twitter
About Slickdeals
Slickdeals is the leading crowdsourced shopping platform :
Why is poetry so hard to write
When the air is cold
and the sun so bright ?
In the fragrant spring , it ’s no big deal
And summer ’s months
are easier still .
Perhaps the dark is too mundane .
The cold chills my bones
and even my brain .
What happens after governments go trillions into debt to rescue their banking systems ?
The governments themselves collapse .
It 's what Niall Ferguson has been warning about .
It 's the lesson that Roubini sees in Dubai .
And now Morgan Stanley , in a new report about the upcoming slog , reminds us of some history .
What to do if Maryland State Police Question You About Your Guns
Maryland – -( AmmoLand.com ) - Several Maryland attorneys commented on the recent reports of private citizens being questioned by the Maryland State Police regarding the firearms they currently own .
Please note that the following comments shall not be considered legal advice .
In matters of law , always consult with your own attorney .
Attorney # 1 :
I think my position will be that the police do not have authority to do this .
Any cooperation on the part of the homeowner will be voluntary .
There is no regulation as of this date either by statute or regulation to permit the MSP to perform home inspections of registered or regulated firearms by MSP .
Perhaps we will have to create a test case and sue them to stop this activity .
I think that may be their purpose , i.e. to get some case law on the books .
Intrusions into one 's home by law enforcement personnel still requires a warrant .
A warrant requires a statement of probable cause by police as to why they need the warrant , then a judge must agree and sign same .
Without a warrant a home owner may refuse the intrusion by police unless they are in pursuit of a fleeing felon .
If police are inside one 's home and they see the fruits or instrumentalities of a crime then they may seize the evidence , even if their reasons for being in the dwelling are unrelated to the evidence seen in “ plain view . ”
It would seem that the MSP are attempting to expand the Code of Maryland Administrative Regulations ( COMAR ) regarding regulated firearms and checking up on people at random who they have some suspicion about .
We should look for any pattern in these visits to see if my theory can be supported .
Maybe these people would talk to us in strict confidence to see if there were any possible reasons why they attracted police attention .
I think the MSP are attempting to carve out a regulatory or enforcement mechanism from the regs that essentially says , ” If we have any authority to administer these laws and regs then we have to know what the data base is that we must regulate . ”
If that is their goal then it is very sinister and is the “ registration , regulation , ” predicate to confiscation that we all fear .
Probably the strategy for Joe homeowner when faced with a random MSP check is to say : 1) Why are you here ?
2 ) Do you have a warrant ?
3 ) If answer is NO then speak outside the dwelling to the MSP officers and be polite but firm .
4 ) If you have no warrant then under what authority are you here ?
5 ) If homeowner feels threatened by the answers then have Joe say I will speak to you once I have contacted my attorney and only in his presence .
Other than this we can get in trouble for giving out legal advice or perhaps obstructing justice if there is a legitimate investigation .
Attorney # 2 :
You have posed an interesting question in what your members should do when the Maryland State Police come knocking on the door .
To answer that question , there are basically two ( 2 ) trains of thought .
First , is to be compliant and do what the police ask .
The second , is to use the US and State Constitutions and their protection .
Each has merit , depending on your personality and beliefs .
Likewise , each train of thought has its disadvantages .
While I cannot address every situation that may arise when the MSP come to a person 's house , there are two ( 2 ) tactics that have been utilized by most police departments across the US ; the search warrant and / or the knock and talk policy .
Each individual should seek independent legal advice for his or her situation .
Under the search warrant , there is only one position that you can take and that is to allow the police to do their job or you may and will be arrested for obstruction .
Basically , with a search warrant , there has been a Judge who has already determined there was probable cause to search for whatever the police may be looking for and issued the search warrant .
It is not for you , at the time of the search , to try and challenge the validity of the warrant .
In addition , sometimes when the police has a search warrant , it may be better to tell the officers where the items are that they are looking for to prevent total destruction to your house .
Just a thought .
Lastly , I would immediately contact an attorney .
The knock and talk policy use to be used during the course of an investigation , ie , solving a crime .
It is a useful tool to the police and many crimes have been solved using this tactic .
Apparently , now there certain members of the MSP that have decided , for whatever reason , to knock and talk with law abiding citizen 's regarding their ownership of their firearms .
There is nothing illegal about doing this .
The police have every right to knock on your door and ask you questions .
However , there is no law that states you must talk to them or answer the questions .
Contrary , the 5th Amendment of the US Constitution protects the right against self - incrimination .
When the police first knock on the door , the initial reaction is to be submissive and / or compliant , to do as you are asked and not question why they are there .
There is absolutely nothing wrong with this reaction .
However , what I would advise your members to do is to politely ask the reason why they are asking for this information from them or what the police are there to search for and why .
If it is a legitimate investigation the officers will explain such .
If the officers are there for a legitimate reason it is still optional to cooperate .
It could be that they are trying to see if you have information about a crime that you may have witnessed or an accident or if you saw something that may be useful .
There are a variety of legitimate reasons .
On the other hand , if the officers are there for what is not a legitimate reason or does not appear to be a legitimate investigation , I would politely ask for the officers name , badge number and unit .
( In addition to obtaining the other information you suggested in a previous news letter ) .
I would tell them that you need to contact an attorney to speak with them first before answering anymore questions .
Asking to speak with a lawyer usually ends the meeting .
In fact , if they are there for a legitimate reason , they may even give you the name and number of the lead officer and / or Assistant State 's Attorney for your attorney to contact .
Likewise , if they ask your members to produce a firearm and / or show the officers their firearms , I would ask if they have a search warrant .
Usually such request is meet with intimidation and threats that they could go get one and then arrest you once they return .
Threats to that extent , at least to my understanding , is against MSP policy .
Furthermore , if they had enough probably cause in the first place , they would have obtained a search warrant prior to coming to the home and more likely than not , when dealing with a firearm , would not knock .
It is an idle threat that is meant to make you compliant and has worked in a number of occasions .
If the officers make such a threat , I would advise them to obtain a search warrant and politely ask them to leave .
DO NOT get belligerent .
If you give the officers a reason to arrest you , they will , and then a whole number of other factors come into play .
Once the officers leave , I would immediately contact an attorney .
If it is determined that there was no legitimate reason for the officers to be there I would write a letter to the Superintendent of the State Police , your state and federal senators and legislatures advising them of this harassment .
If enough complaints are received the issue will be addressed .
Notwithstanding , the police do not have the right to enter your home without a warrant and / or being invited in by you or another occupant .
If you do invite them in , you can ask them to leave at anytime .
I hope that this helps .
About :
Associated Gun Clubs of Baltimore , Inc. ( AGC ) , located in Marriottsville , Maryland .
The Associated Gun Clubs of Baltimore , Inc. was formed on July 1 , 1944 when a number of World War II veterans in the Baltimore , Maryland area began looking for a place for recreational and competitive shooting .
They organized with several other Baltimore area shooting clubs to form the “ AGC ” Visit : www.associatedgunclubs.org
Sometimes we take wildlife pictures that we see in books and magazines for granted ; seldom does it give you the impressions that they were taken easily .
The truth is , photographing animals ( especially in wildlife ) is very involved , such a moment could only be told through some timely amazing shots .
For someone who loves animals , photographing them can be both very fulfilling and frustrating at the same time .
Excellent animal photography requires experience , knowledge and patience .
Animals can make very eye catching subjects to photograph in wild .
Taking wildlife photography in a place where the animals do n’t fear humans makes your task a bit difficult .
In their natural environment , animals often provide many opportunities for taking dramatic shots .
Let ’s now take a look at some of these dramatic images of animal photography to see emotions in the wild nature .
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Source
Whiteboard
pitti , 2010 - 03 - 02 : Moved descriptive bits from whiteboard to wiki page and description
pitti , 2010 - 03 - 02 : Criteria , approach , number of apps look fine to me , approved .
The actual selection of the apps falls under " implementation " and is not covered by this spec review ( only the criteria ) .
[ jorge ]
What about apps that " complete " something that we 're shipping already ?
For example I install " openoffice.org " to get the rest of the apps ( notably the database app ) or should we include those seperately ?
[ sebastian -s ] I think the installbase statistics should at least be considered as a guide on what software to feature .
Having feature apps based on the love of some will not reflect the Ubuntu user base .
I further think that there should only be one program per category .
Similar programs than those coming with the standard installation should be avoided - better change the standard installation else it gives a strage taste to the Ubuntu experience ( Ubuntu ships software XY but they feature software XZ although they are very similar ) .
[ gsmx ]
What happened to the idea of ' software - packs ' ?
Like a ' featured image edit pack ' that could include the install of Gimp , Inkscape , Phatch , ( maybe Blender ) etc ?
[ qense ]
I think the Featured Applications should also list what application it replaces , if it replaces another application .
E.g. AbiWord is a replacement for OpenOffice.org Writer .
It would make things a lot easier if the user was told what the application replaces -- if it does replace anything -- and asked whether he or she wants to remove the previously installed application .
( Which does n't go really well if it 's a dependency of ubuntu - desktop .
Problem ! )
[ robert - ancell ] qense , Nothing in featured applications will replace any existing applications .
The idea of this section is to list some things that are either too big to be included on the CD or do n't have a wide enough appeal for all CD users .
We want to show good examples of open - source software .
[ didrocks ] as discussed with rick , I 'll make sense as the features app are the apps we can't include in the CD , that we ship all of them on the DVD for consistency ( and so , DVD is ubuntu CD + featured apps + translation for all languages ) .
The consequence is that the DVD will have universe software on it , I do n't know if that 's a strong issue though .
[ pitti ]
Right now the DVD can only contain packages from main and restricted .
[ Ben ]
If we 're going to do this much changing anyway , can you at last consider supporting remastersys , to build custom iso's out of the standard releases ?
After years of speculation , Google has finally jumped into the Energy market via Google Energy LLC .
Hoping to not only cut costs on its massive energy use , but also to become carbon neutral .
It has been years since Google began ‘ talking ’ about the inefficient energy practices and the fact that Wind Power was the way of the future .
Even at that time many speculated that Google would soon create an energy company to compete on a pseudo global scale .
While it does n’t look like Google is planning to sell its energy at this time , this is a step in the right direction .
More from Slashdot :
Google consumes massive amounts of electrical energy to power its data centers across the country and world .
Now it has created a subsidiary , Google Energy LLC , and applied ( pdf ) to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to become a utility - scale energy trader .
Google ’s stated aim is to be able to purchase renewable energy directly from producers at bulk rates , pursuing its goal of becoming carbon neutral .
It is likely that Google Energy would also permit Google ’s own renewable energy projects to sell their energy at more favorable rates .
Google reportedly does not have plans to actively become an energy broker , a la Enron .
“ Stuck in the mud ” — the Obama administration ’s civil war over Sudan
A meeting of top U.S. officials on Sudan last week was supposed to yield big recommendations on how to craft the right balance of incentives and pressures toward the Khartoum regime , which stands accused of fomenting genocide in Darfur and stirring instability in its autonomous southern region .
Instead , the meeting seems to have left the Obama administration ’s Sudan policy in limbo , leading to angst among both Sudan insiders and observers , sources tell The Cable .
The meeting , hosted by the National Security Council and carried out at the deputies level , had been greatly anticipated by Sudan watchers as a watershed moment in their long struggle to turn Darfur into a top - tier policy issue .
Expectations were so high that Sudan advocacy groups published an unorthodox ad in the Washington Post before the meeting calling out the deputies — U.N. ambassador Susan Rice‘s No. 2 Erica Barks - Ruggles , NSC deputy Tom Donilon , Deputy Secretary of State Jim Steinberg , Treasury Undersecretary Stuart Levey , and Michèle Flournoy , the under secretary of defense for policy — by name .
Several members of the Sudan advocacy community said they were told that the quarterly deputies meetings would be tracking progress and making recommendations on specific " carrots and sticks " to use as leverage in Khartoum .
And they pointed to the October remarks of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who said during the press conference announcing the administration ’s new Sudan policy : " Assessment of progress and decisions regarding incentives and disincentives will be based on verifiable changes in conditions on the ground .
Backsliding by any party will be met with credible pressure in the form of disincentives leveraged by our government and our international partners . "
But the deputies , who do n’t decide policy but make recommendations to their bosses , never got to outlining those incentives and pressures , instead only reviewing the various agencies ’ " assessments " of the situation in Sudan , one high - level participant confirmed to The Cable .
" This was an opportunity to hear the views of the representative , a number of challenges were outlined , and each of the assessments were in line , " the participant said , referring to Sudan envoy J. Scott Gration .
" I thought it was a very productive meeting , " the participant said , arguing that the assessments were always meant to be the basis of the discussion .
One big problem , though , was that the briefing paper that was to have all the agencies ’ positions clearly spelled out was not prepared in advance , hurting the deputies ’ ability to iron out any differences .
According to one person familiar with the meeting , Deputy National Security Advisor Tom Donilon scolded NSC Africa Director Michelle Gavin for a lack of preparation in front of all the other participants .
A government source characterized Donilon ’s comments to Gavin as no different than comments he might make to any staffer at any meeting .
Besides , this second source said , it was n’t Gavin ’s responsibility to prepare the document .
The source declined to specify exactly who dropped the ball .
The first source also said that Steinberg , upon learning that the prep materials were absent , moved to leave the meeting in protest but was directed to stay by Donilon , which he did .
Steinberg denied that account .
" I did n’t move to walk out of the meeting , " Steinberg told The Cable .
" The meeting ran overtime and I had to leave to attend another meeting on a time - urgent subject that was happening at the same time and which I had previewed to Tom [ Donilon ] . "
A participant source inside the meeting confirmed that Donilon asked Steinberg to stay to the end , but said that Steinberg was n’t trying to make a show of exiting .
Regardless , the inability of participants to demonstrate any real progress on outlining a package incentives or disincentives struck many observers as a bad sign going forward .
" What ’s concerning here is that this signals that the same kind of dysfunction that occurred leading up to the policy review appears to continue to this day , " one advocacy leader said .
" It ’s a cliché to say the clock is ticking , but it is . "
National elections are slated for April , and Sudan watchers worry that the Obama administration does n’t have a clear strategy for dealing with the autonomous South , which in January 2011 will hold a referendum on whether to remain part of a unified Sudan .
" If they ’re not moving the ball forward , that means the process is stalled at that level and the new policy is already stuck in the mud , " said John Prendergast , cofounder of the Enough Project and an outspoken critic of the administration ’s Sudan policy .
Rice vs. Gration ?
Obama ’s approach to Sudan has been hobbled from the beginning by deep divisions between senior officials — especially Gration , the special envoy , and Rice , the U.N. ambassador — on how best to handle Khartoum , sources said .
Gration is said to be big on carrots , while Rice prefers sticks .
Steinberg is also said to lean towards a harder line , which the advocacy community also favors .
In 2006 , Rice coauthored an article saying , " History demonstrates that there is one language Khartoum understands : the credible threat or use of force . "
ABC News reported that Rice was " furious " in June when Gration said that Darfur was experiencing only the " remnants of genocide . "
The State Department quickly confirmed that its official position is that genocide is ongoing .
In remarks this week , Rice stated clearly that violence in South Sudan was on the rise and she was concerned new weapons were flowing in from the North .
She also said she was not confident April elections would be safe and fair .
Regardless , Prendergast said , Gration is the driver of policy now .
He has consolidated control and meets with Obama directly , often without Secretary Clinton in the room .
" This is a White House driven policy and the State Department at multiple levels has been deeply frustrated at their lack of input at various levels of the process , " he said .
But if it ’s a White House driven policy , it ’s not one getting much public attention from the president : Obama did n’t mention Sudan or Darfur once in this week ’s State of the Union address .
The FIA has published an updated version of the 2010 F1 sporting regulations .
It adds many of the changes announced earlier such as the new ten - place points system and refuelling ban , as well as a few other small - but significant changes .
The testing restrictions will be even tighter in 2010 and drivers who perform mutliple engine changes in a weekend will now get extra penalties .
Pit space – which will be at a premium next year – will now be allocated evenly between the teams .
The new changes include :
Changes to how drivers are given time penalties after a race
A reduction in the amount of one - day aerodynamic tests a team may conduct from eight to six
Teams may now substitute aerodynamic test days for 24 hours of full - scale wind tunnel testing
Teams which choose to bring in a driver with no prior F1 experience will be permitted an extra days ’ testing on a non-calendar track
A new clause stipulates that pit space will be allocated “ on a strictly equal basis ” – this space will be under pressure with the addition of new teams in 2010
Teams are no longer allowed to use powered devices to lift the cars in the pit lane
Although tyre warmers remain legal a new clause says the heating element may only act on the surface of the tyre
There are new restrictions on how teams can test tyres
Drivers who use two additional engines during a weekend will be moved back ten places on the grid at that race and the next one
Drivers who get away slowly on the formation lap and cannot start from their designated starting position must start the race from the pit lane .
During safety car periods drivers must lap slower than a designated lap time displayed in their cars
Here are the revised regulations in full :
Read more : F1 2010 Season
You know you can't obtain an iPad for least three months , but you may not know the reason you can't even buy one in advance : Apple has not yet obtained the necessary Federal Communications Commission approval to unleash it on the nation 's airwaves .
The specs on the iPad page mention the lack of FCC approval in tiny print that is easy to miss .
And nobody seriously expects the iPad wo n't be approved – Apple 's been through this before , with the launch of the first iPhone announced six months before it was available .
And the " why ? " is almost certainly to have kept as few people in the loop , and only those you could in some way control .
But in an e-mail sent to customers , Apple made the situation a bit more clear .
" Some features and applications are not available in all areas , " reads the note .
" Application availability and pricing are subject to change .
This device has not yet been authorized as required by the rules of the Federal Communications Commission .
This device is not , and may not be , offered for sale or lease , or sold or leased , until authorization is obtained . "
Apple has good reason to keep a government agency out of the advance loop , since somehow anything juicy is likely to see the light of day .
Still , the FCC likes Apple right now , recently commending the company for reversing its policy against VOIP calling over AT&T 's 3G network , which allows the iPhone and iPad to be used as web phones .
However , the new reference in Apple 's e-mail about certain features and applications not being available or being priced differently depending on a customer 's location raises unanswered questions .
It could refer to content - oriented applications ( movies , books , magazines , etc. ) , which in their physical forms , vary in price based on location – we already know that this is true of books .
But all we really know about that at this point is that the iPads sold in one area will differ in features and app prices from iPads sold in another area .
The FCC 's approval process is standard for electronic devices .
The agency ensures that they do n't interfere with other wireless equipment , operate in an area of the spectrum that 's allocated for something else , or emit too much radiation into the people using them .
The agency approved the iPhone about a month after Apple announced it .
Unless there 's an unexpected hiccup , it will most likely do the same for the iPad .
A conspiracy theorist might say that Apple secretly hopes the FCC will step in and " force " it to sell the iPad to all of its potential customers , regardless of which wireless carrier or plan they want to use , but that seems like wishful thinking .
See Also :
The World Privacy Forum has issued a new report :
New forms of sophisticated digital signage networks are being deployed widely by retailers and others in both public and private spaces .
From simple people - counting sensors mounted on doorways to sophisticated facial recognition cameras mounted in flat video screens and end - cap displays , digital signage technologies are gathering increasing amounts of detailed information about consumers , their behaviors , and their characteristics .
These technologies are quickly becoming ubiquitous in the offline world , and there is little if any disclosure to consumers that information about behavioral and personal characteristics is being collected and analyzed to create highly targeted advertisements , among other things .
In the most sophisticated digital sign networks , for example , individuals watching a video screen will be shown different information based on their age bracket , gender , or ethnicity .
While most consumers understand a need for security cameras , few expect that the video screen they are watching , the kiosk they are typing on , or the game billboard they are interacting with is watching them while gathering copious images and behavioral and demographic information .
This is creating a one - way - mirror society with no notice or opportunity for consumers to consent to being monitored in retail , public , and other spaces or to consent to having their behavior analyzed for marketing and profit .
The privacy problems inherent in these networks are profound , and to date these issues have not been adequately addressed by anyone .
Digital signage networks , if left unaddressed , will very likely comprise a new form of sophisticated marketing surveillance leading to abuses of the collected information .
HMS Indestructible : Unlocking the bloody history of the ship made famous by Turner , the Fighting Temeraire
Advertisement
Struggling to breathe in mouthfuls of air rank with choking gunsmoke , hundreds of men and boys crouched low on the gun decks of His Majesty 's Ship Temeraire .
In that cramped space , where shouted orders competed with the screams of the injured , blood ran freely through a hull hewn from English oaks .
Already the sails high above were riddled with chain shot from the French warships , but it was there , on the crowded gundecks that a brutal slaughter was unfolding .
In the hellish tempest of the Battle of Trafalgar , in an act of almost suicidal valour , the Temeraire 's captain chose to draw fire away from the Victory , in which Nelson lay dying .
Nation 's favourite : Turner 's Fighting Temeraire can be found in the National Gallery in Trafalgar Square
Soon , two vast enemy warships were lashed to the flanks of the Temeraire , a lethal barrage of fire pouring from their gunports .
Forty - seven men lost their lives on the British ship and 67 were severely injured - a terrible butcher 's bill for the surgeon working feverishly in the bowels of the vessel .
Later , the contemporary art critic John Ruskin described how the Temeraire had fought until her sides ran ' wet with the long runlets of English blood ... those pale masts that stayed themselves up against the warruin , shaking out their ensigns through the thunder , till sail and ensign dropped ' .
Two centuries later , Turner 's famous painting of the Fighting Temeraire can be found in the National Gallery in Trafalgar Square .
Every day visitors flock to see the great warship glowing in sepulchral light as she is towed to the breaker 's yard by a steam tug .
It is the nation 's favourite painting - its popularity is as much due to the melancholic subject matter as the deftness of the artist 's brushstrokes .
Yet few people know anything of life on board , or of the terrible sacrifices made by her crew .
That 's why , with new access to previously restricted archives , I decided to write a book about the Fighting Temeraire - a choice , in part , inspired by Turner 's great painting .
Although it 's one of the most iconic images of the overlapping ages of sail and steam , it amazed me that no one has ever written the full history of the ship itself .
When I started my research , I discovered the records of the Admiralty survive in amazing condition .
I used logbooks of the Temeraire and reports from her captains ; maps drawn by sailors aboard ; letters to fathers , wives , children and lovers ; ship plans and sailing reports .
The Temeraire started life in the ancient shipyard of Chatham in 1793 , costing a staggering £ 73,241 ( £ 4million today ) .
That year Revolutionaries in France had guillotined their king , Louis XVI , in the centre of Paris .
On both sides of the Channel , the hammering of shipwrights ' tools called their navies to war .
Temeraire was named after an earlier ship seized from the French .
The Temeraire 's three decks gave her a distinctive silhouette ; she was easily recognised by both friend and enemy .
The three decks also gave plenty of room for the officer 's quarters , which made her suitable as a flagship .
She was in fact larger than the first - rate HMS Victory , which had been built 30 years before .
A staggering 5,000 trees were used to build her hull .
The strong , naturally curved oak that English forests grew so well formed the wine - glass shape of her hull , and the beautifully straight pines of Baltic forests provided her with deck planks and masts .
The rig was vast .
The sails of the three masts , if all set , covered a staggering 6,510 sq yds of sky .
Twenty - five miles of rope held up the masts and worked the sails through 750 blocks .
The masts were 205 ft high .
Make no mistake , this was a ship designed to wage bloody war .
She was armed with 98 guns on three gun decks with more bristling from her quarterdeck and forecastle , not least the murderous carronades , the short but immensely powerful gun known then as the ' smasher ' for the destruction it caused at close range .
Gunnery tactics varied , but in fleet action in the Royal Navy , and under Nelson 's command , close action was favoured .
The men would stand silent as the ship sailed towards the enemy - the silence speaking volumes of the sailors ' discipline .
This unnerved the jittery French , always so keen to fire as soon as their enemy was in range , often with little effect .
But the British scorned such tactics , as they could not deliver decisive victory .
They did not want to fight off the French ships , but to capture or destroy them .
As for the layout of the ship , the officers lived at the stern - their quarters lit by the vast bank of windows .
Access to daylight itself was a privilege of rank .
Seamen were restricted to peeking out of gunports and risked a soaking while doing so , whereas the officers could enjoy the view from the comfort of their mess table .
Some officers furnished their quarters lavishly .
The crew 's diet was central to their health , and significant numbers of livestock were taken aboard .
Hence , the noise of a warship was as much characterised by clucking , mooing and oinking as it was by gunfire and shouting , and the smell in some parts was farmyard .
Every week , each man was allowed 4lb of beef , 2lb of pork , 2lb of peas , 11 / 2lb of oatmeal , 6 oz of sugar , 6 oz of butter and 12 oz of cheese .
Each day he was also issued with a full pound of ship 's biscuit .
This diet kept the men alive and strong , if hungry , and it was often far better fare than most people ashore could expect to receive regularly .
But it was fresh food , however , that kept the dreaded scurvy at bay - this curious disease that made gums bleed , teeth fall out , and men so weak they could not stand .
In the years that the Temeraire fought the French , the Navy started to get a grip on preventing scurvy through the regular issue of lemon juice .
The lemon juice was taken neat or with the sailor 's grog .
This was the highlight of the sailor 's day .
Twice a day , every day , the sailors were issued their tot of rum ; half a pint in total , diluted with three parts of water , issued morning and evening .
If spirits were unavailable , the men received beer - a gallon each .
With so many men cooped up in one place , discipline was a constant challenge .
It was maintained through a complex and forgiving relationship between officers and men .
The majority of officers knew that to run a ship some misdemeanours had to be harshly punished .
Only very rarely was mutiny sparked by punishment - usually it was over food , money or leave .
But discipline was one area where , once , the crew of the Temeraire failed - on a cold winter 's morning in 1801 .
A truce had been agreed with Napoleon and the men were delighted at the prospect of going home after eight long years of war .
Their political masters , how ever , had other ideas .
They mistrusted Napoleon , who had taken the opportunity of peace to send a huge force of 41 ships and 12,000 men to the West Indies under the command of Jerome Bonaparte , his brother .
The Temeraire was ordered to the Caribbean , but with no hope of leave for at least a year , the men mutinied .
This was no quiet affair , a gentle negotiation with the officers behind closed doors , but a violent protest .
The mutineers took control of the ship 's discipline , threatening any who dissented from their plan with death .
One mutineer , Norman Dixon , threatened to stab the ship 's Marines when they were asleep in their hammocks if they did not lend their support to the uprising .
In the end , it took an armed coup by the officers to seize back control of their ship .
The mutineers were taken back to Portsmouth where the ringleaders were tried and hanged , or as it was reported in the Press , ' launched into eternity ' .
The Admiralty sent the Temeraire immediately back on blockade duty to keep her crew out of trouble and there , beaten by the gales of Biscay off the coast of France , and tossed like a cork in the deep Atlantic swells , the men re-found their discipline in the steady rhythms of shipboard life and gunnery drill .
By October 1805 , they were fit for any challenge that faced them , and when Nelson penned his order of battle to face the combined French and Spanish fleets off Cape Trafalgar , the very first ship on his list - that commanded by the senior captain of the fleet , Eliab Harvey - was the Temeraire .
She was ready for glory .
Harvey was cut from the same canvas as Nelson .
He had joined the Navy at 13 and was a captain by 25 .
He had enjoyed a glittering career and was renowned for his daring .
He was exactly the kind of captain that Nelson wanted .
Compulsive and brave ( in gambling as well as war ) , he represented his countrymen at both the ballot box and on the gundeck , and he did so for the love of his country and his hatred of the French .
Harvey 's crew was a little under its full roster , but still 720 men and boys crammed into her dark gun-decks .
The youngest officer was Alexander Brennan , a midshipman from Dublin .
He was just 12 .
The youngest member of the crew , however , was Richard Elliott , who was 11 .
There were 41 other boys aboard .
The oldest crew member was Michael Leonard , another Irishman .
He was 62 .
In the hellish tempest of the Battle of Trafalgar , Temeraire first took on the largest warship of the time , the giant four - decked Spanish first - rater Santisima Trinidad , before being trapped between two French ships , defending the Victory .
It was an action of extraordinary courage .
' Nothing could be finer , ' wrote the Admiral Cuthbert Collingwood to Harvey after the battle .
' I have not words in which I can sufficiently express my admiration . '
Forty - seven of the vessel 's sailors had died in the battle , and 76 more were wounded .
There was little time to record details of individual injuries in the heat of battle , but we do know that one young midshipman , 20 - yearold William Pitts from London , had a leg blown off as he boarded the first French ship to surrender to the Temeraire , La Redoutable .
The French crew were so horrified that he had been injured by another French ship when they had officially surrendered , that Pitts was taken straight down to the French surgeon , past the lines of Frenchmen waiting for treatment , to have his leg amputated .
Pitts died that night .
The Temeraire survived the horrific storm that followed the battle and eventually limped home .
The damage was enormous .
Every sail and yard had been destroyed ; only the lower masts were standing and they had been shot through in many places ; the rudder had been shot off together with the starboard ' cat - head ' , from which the starboard anchor should have been suspended .
Eight feet of her hull on the starboard side was stove in and the quarter galleries on both sides of the ship had been destroyed as she was crushed between the French ships .
But it could have been worse .
At one stage , a grenade thrown from a French ship found its way onto the Temeraire 's quarterdeck and caused an explosion .
It took the quick thinking of John Toohig , the Temeraire 's master - at - arms , to prevent the fire from spreading to the magazine , which would have destroyed her .
Upon its return to England , the public flocked to see the battlescarred ship , and among their number was Joseph Mallord William Turner , who sketched the ship and its survivors .
The Temeraire captivated the artist for the next 30 years until , at the height of his powers , he completed that mournful painting of her final voyage to the breaker 's yard that we know so well , with a steam - tug pulling a ghostly leviathan , and the sun setting on the wooden walls of old England .
If you ’ve kept track of various creationist - related nonsense over the years , then you no doubt have heard about their attempts to insert “ disclaimer stickers ” into biology textbooks .
For example , in the case of the infamous Cobb County debacle , here ’s what the sticker looked like …
Of course , this is just another variation on the tired , old creationist tactic where they say schools should “ teach the controversy ” or “ teach all views ” and “ let the kid ’s make up their minds ” .
In response to this idiocy , some skeptics & educators have decided to fight fire with fire : by providing textbook stickers for all manner of subjects .
This is done partly as a joke , but the serious side is to illustrate just how stupid & intellectually vacuous this creationist argument really is – here ’s a link to the stickers ( image below ) …
Hat tip to Kylie over at the Podblack Cat blog for passing this along to me 🙂
Artist Michael Landy , who once destroyed his possessions in the name of art , has turned a gallery into a giant bin for the disposal of artworks .
Over the next six weeks , hundreds of works by artists both famous and unknown will be dumped in the " Art Bin " at the South London Gallery .
So far , pieces by Tracy Emin and Damien Hirst , have been thrown away .
David Sillito reports .
You can mark down Dec. 3 , 2009 as the day Sarah Palin reached her kookiest extreme , at least until she outdoes herself again ( h/t : Ben Smith ) :
Transcript :
HUMPHRIES : Sarah Palin here on the Rusty Humphries Show .
One of the questions Jason asks is would you make the birth certificate an issue if you ran ?
PALIN : I think the public rightly is still making it an issue .
I do n’t have a problem with that .
I do n’t know if I would have to bother to make it an issue because I think there are enough members of the electorate that still want answers .
HUMPHRIES :
Do you think it ’s a fair question to be looking at ?
PALIN : I think it ’s a fair question just like I think past associations and past voting records .
All of that is fair game .
You know , I ’ve got to tell you too , I think our campaign , the McCain - Palin campaign did n’t do a good enough job in that area .
We did n’t call out Obama and some of his associates on their records and what their beliefs were , and perhaps what their future plans were , and I do n’t think that was fair to voters to not have done our job as candidates and a campaign to bring to light a lot of things that now we ’re seeing manifest in the administration .
HUMPHRIES : I mean , truly if your past is fair game and your kids are fair game , certainly Obama ’s past should be .
I mean , we want to treat men and women equally , right ?
PALIN : Hey , you know , that ’s a great point .
And that weird conspiracy theory freaky thing that people talk about that Trig is n’t my real son , and a lot of people that went " Well , you need to produce his birth certificate , you need to prove that he ’s your kid , " which we have done , but yeah , so maybe we can reverse that , and use the same [ inaudible ] thinking on the other one .
[ Note : Final sentence of transcript edited for accuracy . ]
Egy jó hír főleg azoknak a webmestereknek akiknél több script is lassítja az oldal betöltési idejét .
A Google Analytics bejelentett egy új , az eddiginél lényegesen gyorsabb , aszinkron kommunikációval működő kódot , ami sokkal kevésbé lassítja majd a betöltést , mint a korábbi ga.js .
Részletesebb technikai információk az angol nyelvű Google Súgóban , ahol azt is leírják , hogy a régebbi kódokkal ellentétben , ennek a kódnak az elhelyezését az oldal forrásának az elején javasolják .
Az új kód nemcsak gyorsaság tekintetében jobb , adatgy űjtés tekintetében is , pontosságban .
Ugyan a régi kódok tovább működnek , de a bejegyzésben leírtak alapján elmondható , hogy mindenképp ’ érdemes lecserélni a régi kódot .
America 's Most Impressive Ski Homes
Each year , millions of Americans hit the slopes at ski resorts across the country .
For ski enthusiasts with the deepest pockets the best way to enjoy a ski trip may be to own a home on or near some of America 's most prestigious winter destinations .
Recently , real estate website surveyed realtors across the country and ranked America ’s most spectacular ski homes ; from Aspen , Colorado and Jackson Hole , Wyoming to Stowe , Vermont .
These impressive homes allow their owners to live in luxury while enj Source : TopTenRealEstateDeals.com
Each year , millions of Americans hit the slopes at ski resorts across the country .
For ski enthusiasts with the deepest pockets the best way to enjoy a ski trip may be to own a home on or near some of America 's most prestigious winter destinations .
Recently , real estate website TopTenRealEstateDeals.com surveyed realtors across the country and ranked America ’s most spectacular ski homes ; from Aspen , Colorado and Jackson Hole , Wyoming to Stowe , Vermont .
These impressive homes allow their owners to live in luxury while enjoying some of the best ski runs in the country .
So , where are America 's most impressive ski homes ?
Click ahead to find out !
By Paul Toscano
Posted 21 Jan 2010
10 . Whitefish , Montana
List Price : $ 3.9 millionSize : Approx .
5,700 sq ftBedrooms : 4Bathrooms : 4 half
This mountain retreat offers ski-in and ski-out access , along with views of the Whitefish Mountain Resort and the Flathead valley .
The property also includes an additional foundation behind the main house that allows the future owner the option of adding a guest home .
The home has a mountain feel , with log accents both inside and out , a hot tub , porch and stone wine cellar that is carved out of the mountainside .
Photo : Will MacDonald - Trails West Real Estate
List Price : $ 3.9 million
Size : Approx .
5,700 sq ft
Bedrooms : 4
Bathrooms : 4 half
This mountain retreat offers ski-in and ski-out access , along with views of the Whitefish Mountain Resort and the Flathead valley .
The property also includes an additional foundation behind the main house that allows the future owner the option of adding a guest home .
The home has a mountain feel , with log accents both inside and out , a hot tub , porch and stone wine cellar that is carved out of the mountainside .
See the realtor 's full listing
9. Sun Valley , Idaho
List Price : $ 8 millionSize : Approx .
8,800 sq ftBedrooms : 6 Bathrooms : 3 , 1 halfOverlooking the Sun Valley Ski Resort this ski home is currently listed at $ 8 million .
It includes a 1 bedroom , 1 bathroom guest house , along with an attached studio / office and solar greenhouse addition .
The home also features 3,454 square feet of decks and balconies , as well as a cobblestone driveway , which was hand laid by a team from Switzerland who was brought to Idaho specifically for that purpose .
Photo : Vicki Carnes Broker / Principal / GRI Sun Valley Resort Realty LLC
List Price : $ 8 million
Size : Approx .
8,800 sq ft
Bedrooms : 6
Bathrooms : 3 , 1 half
Overlooking the Sun Valley Ski Resort this ski home is currently listed at $ 8 million .
It includes a 1 bedroom , 1 bathroom guest house , along with an attached studio / office and solar greenhouse addition .
The home also features 3,454 square feet of decks and balconies , as well as a cobblestone driveway , which was hand laid by a team from Switzerland who was brought to Idaho specifically for that purpose .
See the realtor 's full listing
8. Park City , Utah
List Price : $ 8.495 millionSize : 9,683 sq ftBedrooms : 5 Bathrooms : 8 Located in one of two major resort towns in Utah , this custom home was built to the National Association of Homebuilders Green Home Building Guidelines and sits atop a seven acre lot .
Portions of the home feature two - story windows peering out on pine forests , along with a sweeping deck that features a hot tub and fire pit .
The home also features an entertainment area with a 110 " screen , a billiards room and a fitness room , the las Photo : Shane Herbert , Summit Sothebyâ€™s International Realty
List Price : $ 8.495 million
Size : 9,683 sq ft
Bedrooms : 5
Bathrooms : 8
Located in one of two major resort towns in Utah , this custom home was built to the National Association of Homebuilders Green Home Building Guidelines and sits atop a seven acre lot .
Portions of the home feature two - story windows peering out on pine forests , along with a sweeping deck that features a hot tub and fire pit .
The home also features an entertainment area with a 110 " screen , a billiards room and a fitness room , the last of which takes advantage of the area 's mountain views .
See the realtor 's full listing
7. Park City , Utah
List Price : $ 11.95 millionSize : 16,695 sq ftBedrooms : 7Bathrooms : 11 , 4 halfAlso in Park City , this home offers a 360 degree view of the surrounding mountain peaks and canyons marking the area and also features an additional 2 bedroom guest house for additional privacy .
The home features a balcony , several decks , a heated driveway , spa , hot tub and sauna .
The home also has the distinction of being Mountain Living Magazine 's " Top Pick " for Utah .
Photo : Tom Peek / Sean Matyja , Prudential Utah Real Estate , Park City , Utah
List Price : $ 11.95 million
Size : 16,695 sq ft
Bedrooms : 7
Bathrooms : 11 , 4 half
Also in Park City , this home offers a 360 degree view of the surrounding mountain peaks and canyons marking the area and also features an additional 2 bedroom guest house for additional privacy .
The home features a balcony , several decks , a heated driveway , spa , hot tub and sauna .
The home also has the distinction of being Mountain Living Magazine 's " Top Pick " for Utah .
See the realtor 's full listing
6. Arrowhead , Colorado
List Price : $ 11.95 millionSize : 13,700 sq ftBedrooms : 7Bathrooms : 8 , 2 halfListed by the realtor as a " prime ski in / ski out location ” , the home features 10 fireplaces , a grotto with small swimming pool , an outdoor patio with a waterfall , wine cellar , theater room , elevator and game room .
The realtors have dubbed the home " Chateau De Mon Reve , " which translates to " Castle of My Dreams " Photo : Sondra Slappey , Keller Williams Mountain Properties
List Price : $ 11.95 million
Size : 13,700 sq ft
Bedrooms : 7
Bathrooms : 8 , 2 half
Listed by the realtor as a " prime ski in / ski out location ” , the home features 10 fireplaces , a grotto with small swimming pool , an outdoor patio with a waterfall , wine cellar , theater room , elevator and game room .
The realtors have dubbed the home " Chateau De Mon Reve , " which translates to " Castle of My Dreams "
See the realtor 's full listing
5. Stowe , Vermont
List Price : $ 16 millionSize : 18,095 sq ftBedrooms : 4 Bathrooms : 6 , 3 half
This home features two wings , an east wing dedicated to the master suite while the west wing contains the home 's library , offices and kitchen .
The wings are separated by a great room which features a grand piano , while the entertainment room includes a studio - quality theater with seating for 18 .
After a day on the slopes , the home features something rarely seen in ski houses , an indoor pool and spa area , complete with marble Photo : Sharon A Bateman , ABR , CRS | Pall Spera Company
List Price : $ 16 million
Size : 18,095 sq ft
Bedrooms : 4
Bathrooms : 6 , 3 half
This home features two wings , an east wing dedicated to the master suite while the west wing contains the home 's library , offices and kitchen .
The wings are separated by a great room which features a grand piano , while the entertainment room includes a studio - quality theater with seating for 18 .
After a day on the slopes , the home features something rarely seen in ski houses , an indoor pool and spa area , complete with marble surround and cascading waterfall .
See the realtor 's full listing
4. Beaver Creek , Colorado
List Price : $ 12.995 millionSize : N / ABedrooms : 7 Bathrooms : 9 , 3 half
This home offers an amenity that very few other ski getaways offer : it is the former home of a US President .
The former President was Gerald R. Ford , who left his mark by detailing the home with American imagery , from flag - inspired artwork to the granite - carved Presidential Seal in the home 's foyer .
Large windows allow for views of the area 's ski runs , which serve as regular hosts of the Alpine Skiing World Cup events .
The home f Photo : Kraig Forbes and Dee Dee Lantzy | Forbes Sotheby 's International Realty
List Price : $ 12.995 million
Size : N / A
Bedrooms : 7
Bathrooms : 9 , 3 half
This home offers an amenity that very few other ski getaways offer : it is the former home of a US President .
The former President was Gerald R. Ford , who left his mark by detailing the home with American imagery , from flag - inspired artwork to the granite - carved Presidential Seal in the home 's foyer .
Large windows allow for views of the area 's ski runs , which serve as regular hosts of the Alpine Skiing World Cup events .
The home finds itself not only in prime position for skiing , but features access to a golf community for the snow - less months .
See the realtor 's full listing
3. Jackson Hole , Wyoming
List Price : $ 29.5 millionSize : 23,000 sq ftBedrooms : 7 Bathrooms : 7 , 2 half
If you 're looking for a ski home with a massive interior , look no further than this $ 29.5 million property in Jackson Hole , Wyoming .
Sitting atop approximately 10.63 acres , the home also features a guest house , a 1,200 foot gym , 12 seat home theater , an elevator , spa / hot tub , 7 car garage , and a wine cellar .
Located near the Grand Tetons , this home brings residents close to many of Jackson 's ski resorts which are known for Photo : Pamela B. Renner , Jackson Hole Main Office Sotheby 's International Realty
List Price : $ 29.5 million
Size : 23,000 sq ft
Bedrooms : 7
Bathrooms : 7 , 2 half
If you 're looking for a ski home with a massive interior , look no further than this $ 29.5 million property in Jackson Hole , Wyoming .
Sitting atop approximately 10.63 acres , the home also features a guest house , a 1,200 foot gym , 12 seat home theater , an elevator , spa / hot tub , 7 car garage , and a wine cellar .
Located near the Grand Tetons , this home brings residents close to many of Jackson 's ski resorts which are known for their high amount of snowfall and quality of powder .
According to the realtor , this home will be featured on HGTV in March 2010 .
See the realtor 's full listing
2. Aspen Mountain , Colorado
List Price : $ 24.95 millionSize : 9056 sq ftBedrooms : 7Bathrooms : 8 , 2 Half
This ski home , which offers direct ski access and eastern exposure on Aspen Mountain , also sits directly beneath the mountain 's famed gondola .
The home has a custom design , both on its exterior and interior , 6 gas fireplaces , a theater / media room , steam room , motorized window coverings and an elevator to all three levels of the home .
The home also features views of Smuggler Mountain and Independence Pass .
Photo : Craig Morris , Morris & Fyrwald Sothebyâ€™s International Realty
List Price : $ 24.95 million
Size : 9056 sq ft
Bedrooms : 7
Bathrooms : 8 , 2 Half
This ski home , which offers direct ski access and eastern exposure on Aspen Mountain , also sits directly beneath the mountain 's famed gondola .
The home has a custom design , both on its exterior and interior , 6 gas fireplaces , a theater / media room , steam room , motorized window coverings and an elevator to all three levels of the home .
The home also features views of Smuggler Mountain and Independence Pass .
See the realtor 's full listing
1. Red Mountain , Colorado
List Price : $ 35 millionSize : 15,478 sq ftBedrooms : 9Bathrooms : 9 , 4 HalfFor $ 35 million , you can own what Top Ten Real Estate Deals has labeled the most impressive ski home in America .
Located in Red Mountain , Colorado , it has been nicknamed the " Compound on the Ridge , " with a main house and a 5 bedroom , 4,187 square foot guest house , offering " front row " views of Aspen Mountain and Independence Pass .
The main home measures 11,300 square feet and features a theater room with an 8 - foot high defin Photo : Mike Hefferon , Aspen Marketing Group | Mark Haldeman , Morris & Fyrwald Sothebyâ€™s International Realty
Interview of William G. Hunter on Improving Quality and Productivity in Organizations by Peter Scholtes .
Bill taught a course at the University of Wisconsin – Madison , Improving Quality and Productivity in Organizations , which was co-sponsored by the business school , statistics department and industrial engineering department .
There were a few undergraduate students , more graduate students and even more students who were working full time ( many of whom only took this course – they were not pursuing a degree at the university ) .
The course met 7 to 9:30 PM ( often going longer ) once a week .
The main focus of the course was projects undertaken at banks , industry , city government , etc . .
The course was designed with an understanding of how adults learn .
The interview includes a discussion of andragogy , pedagogy and how to facilitate learning by adults .
The course was designed to let students apply the ideas on management improvement in real organizations while learning about the principles .
Bill discusses the parallels to how a manager applying management improvement principles is very similar to an educator facilitating adult learning .
Rather than an authoritarian approach where the boss tells subordinates what to do a manager helps employees achieve better results by supporting their efforts .
A student mentioned a common objection that managers have to adopting the management improvement methods that promote respect for people :
[ Applying these management methods ] requires that the workers care about what they are doing , to contribute ideas , to get involved , to be enthusiastic and to try and make things work better and to improve productivity .
They are not going to do that , I mean , they come and they are sort of in prison from the time they come to work until they go home .
It is when they leave work that they get to live and enjoy themselves .
Going to work is just getting a paycheck …
It is simply not going to work .
Bill talks about the experience with Joe Turner and Terry Holmes at the City of Madison First Street Garage .
Out of the Crisis by W. Edwards Deming includes a couple pages on a project involving them ( and Bill Hunter and Peter Scholtes ) .
The bottom line is those two gave a presentation to the class sharing how the attitude in the question was overcome at their unionized workplace .
This question though is a challenging one .
The problem is that overcoming decades of bad management practices that lead many people to think in the same way this questioner did is not easy .
I have written several posts related to this topic , including : Effective Change Management Strategies and Tactics , People Take Time to Believe Claims of Changed Management Practices , How To Create a Continual Improvement Culture and A Practical Approach to Change : Some Strategies and Tools , a presentation by Peter Scholtes .
Sadly you do n’t have a huge advantage that the City of Madison project had , the involvement of Bill Hunter and Peter Scholtes .
( more … )
On January 28 , a free multiplayer pack for Uncharted 2 will be released with skins from PS3 exclusives Killzone 2 , Resistance 2 and Infamous .
PS3 owners will need 141MB of HDD space .
Update : Sony Computer Entertainment of America has announced this skin pack as well .
It , however , will not be free .
Advertisement
Avatar : Film - making and Human Destiny
by Larry Klaes
Judging by the abundant reaction to Larry Klaes ’ recent article on James Cameron ’s Avatar — and by the continuing commentary in society at large —
Larry seems to be vindicated when he says the film has become a focal point of discussion for many in the general public .
Having engaged in the lively debate in these pages , Larry now wraps up our Avatar coverage with a look at the film ’s message and its ramifications , along with comments on its use of science .
To some the new film Avatar may seem like just another science fiction action - adventure flick designed to show off some new special effects while raking in the money for Hollywood and giving audiences some feel - good messages in the process .
In Avatar ’s most essential sense , this is true .
At their core , all films are about giving certain people jobs and making a profit through the entertainment of the masses .
However , there are deeper messages to be found in Avatar , some of which the makers of this film and its intended audience may not appreciate in full , nor their potential consequences that may reach far beyond a mere night at the movies .
In fact , I would go so far to say that the overriding message in Avatar might even threaten the ultimate goals of groups like Tau Zero and Project Icarus if left unchallenged and unanswered .
Hollywood ’s Reach
It may appear to be a bit much to assume that one film could influence the destiny of humanity , but Avatar has the advertising publicity befitting a film that cost approximately $ 237 million to make , along with its new filming and presentation techniques which have already established its status in cinematic history .
In addition to all this , producer James Cameron says he plans to make two more Avatar films if this first one is financially successful , which it seems well on its way to becoming .
Avatar ’s presence in the public mind and in our popular culture is ensured for decades .
As I said in my previous article on Avatar , a fair percentage of the people who see this film will get their main ‘ education ’ on the various themes presented to them by Avatar itself .
Now these same people may have seen the occasional news blurb on one of the subjects , but they probably tend not to read science books and periodicals about them .
Sadly this is the state of many people in our society , even the otherwise educated ones .
Avatar will be giving them one side of a complex theme that will one day become one version of reality for our descendants , a reality that is now taking shape in our present culture .
Before I become fully involved in the main focus of this piece , allow me to address a few more items about Avatar , thanks in part to the comments and information pointers on my previous Avatar articles in Centauri Dreams .
Regarding earlier cinematic efforts that have plots and ideas similar to Avatar , I add to this list one animated feature titled Battle for Terra , which first appeared in Canada in 2007 and arrived ( with relatively little fanfare ) in the United States two years later .
Avatar in Cinematic Context
Battle for Terra involves the surviving remnants of the human race seeking a new home in the galaxy after they managed to destroy Earth and its neighboring colonies in a self - inflicted interplanetary war .
They come across an alien world named Terra where the ranking native intelligence lives in peace and harmony with each other and the ecology of their planet .
Some humans want to work out a mutual agreement with the natives to live among them , while the military elements want to skip past any diplomacy and simply take over the planet .
The two main characters in Battle for Terra are a human male fighter pilot and native female whose cooperative efforts may hold the key to saving both species and the planet .
Perhaps it is true that there are only so many story plots in existence .
Or perhaps it is also true that Hollywood has a rather limited repertoire of ideas when it comes to science fiction stories .
There have also been claims that certain elements in Avatar come from a science fiction story written in 1957 by author Poul Anderson titled “ Call Me Joe . ”
This story involves a physically handicapped human scientist who explores the planet Jupiter ( as that world was envisioned at the time ) by placing his mind in the body of a native creature not altogether different from the Na’vi in Avatar .
Eventually the scientist abandons his human body and fully becomes the Jovian being .
In any event , Cameron has learned his lesson in regards to credit from the events surrounding his 1984 film , The Terminator .
After Cameron publicly stated that he got his ideas for The Terminator from two 1960s television stories by science fiction author Harlan Ellison , he was subsequently sued when the producer initially failed to give Ellison screen credit on the film .
This time around , Cameron has declared that Avatar ’s elements come from “ every single science fiction book I read as a kid , ” thus covering all his bases .
The Problem of Polyphemus
One staple of the science fiction genre where Cameron was clearly influenced from his youth in making Avatar is the giant planet and retinue of moons seen hovering in the sky of the world essential to the plot .
While having such worlds hanging prominently in an alien sky is indeed a very cool thing to see , it does not necessarily follow that having such a sight would be necessarily safe for any living beings on the main moon , assuming they could even exist at all with such massive nearby celestial neighbors .
The chances for such a place having major tectonic upheavals , numerous erupting volcanoes , and lakes of molten lava are quite high , taking Jupiter ’s moon
Io as a prime and real example .
Other hazards to be encountered from living on a moon so close to a Jovian type planet as Pandora does to Polyphemus would include major amounts of radiation from the Jovian world , assuming Polyphemus has radiation belts as big and as nasty as the ones surrounding Jupiter and Saturn in our Sol system do .
The first probe to orbit Jupiter , appropriately named Galileo , was frequently affected by all the intense radiation it had to fly through on a regular basis , constantly going into safe mode at critical moments during its mission .
Galileo might still be operating in Jovian orbit to this very day had it not been for all that collective radiation .
With Jupiter , you have to move all the way to the moon Callisto to get outside the range of that planet ’s radiation belts , and by then Jupiter , while still being pretty impressive to look at in the heavens compared to , say , our Moon , is nowhere near as big as Polyphemus is in Pandora ’s skies .
Another Pandoran space hazard to contemplate is a ring system .
Now while Polyphemus did not appear to have such a collection of debris around its equator on the level of Saturn ( now there ’s another staple of science fiction visuals , a planet with rings ) from the relatively brief and distant glimpses we were given , every Jovian type world in our Sol system has a system of rings , though some like Jupiter ’s are faint and thin compared to Saturn’s .
So assuming Polyphemus and many other such massive globes have some kind of flat plane of debris , then add in Pandora ’s proximity to its mother world , there should be a fair number of debris hits from the rings .
Even if the moon ’s atmosphere keeps out all but the largest objects , a world like Polyphemus will also attract many comets , planetoids , and meteoroids just as Jupiter does ( the impressive breakup and smashup of comet Shoemaker - Levy 9 into the Jovian atmosphere in 1994 is a prime case in point ) .
It is hardly unreasonable to imagine that Pandora and its fellow moons have been struck by objects pulled in from deep space by Polyphemus ’ massive bulk more than a few times in their history .
Some of those impacting bodies were probably big enough to radically affect any past life on Pandora , just as the dinosaurs on Earth disappeared after a five - mile wide planetoid or comet hit our world 65 million years ago .
On Setting and Culture
I also have to wonder if massive , looming Polyphemus also does the Na’vi a disservice in terms of not only blocking much of the Pandoran sky from the natives with its apparent size but also the serious amounts of natural light pollution it spreads across the heavens of that moon and its neighbors .
Observe how many stars are washed out on an otherwise clear night with a full phase Moon in Earth ’s skies and now imagine our satellite replaced with a world that takes up half the heavens !
I chalk this up as another reason why the Na’vi ( or at least the Omaticaya tribe who our main human character interacts with the most ) do n’t seem terribly interested in astronomy , at least given the amounts we were shown of their culture in the film .
One could argue that they are alien beings who evolved on a different world , but considering how similar they seem to have developed otherwise to aboriginal humans on Earth , I find it odd that they would ignore what so many other cultures all across Earth for millennia have focused on with more intensity than our current artificially light polluted society .
At the least one might think that the presence of a giant planet with a big “ eye ” ( several times we saw a giant hurricane - style storm on Polyphemus very similar to the Great Red Spot on Jupiter ) and at least three nearby big moons would have developed some kind of interest and / or worship among the Na’vi .
What this really says to me is that Polyphemus was put there ( or Pandora put in its realm ) to look really cool aesthetically to audiences and physics be darned with what that giant planet would really do to a moon so close to it .
It would have been better for the logical existence of life on Pandora if that world had been made a separate Earth - type planet orbiting Alpha Centauri A. Besides , there do not seem to be any Jovian - type worlds in the real Alpha Centauri star system ( astronomers have looked and they would have been found by now ) , but there is still a chance for much smaller planets around our nearest stellar neighbors .
Otherwise , though , Pandora is a fantasy place existing strictly in the minds of its creators .
Starship Design
Thanks to the Pandorapedia and comments on my earlier Avatar articles in Centauri Dreams , I was able to learn quite a bit more about the starship seen briefly at the start of the film .
It turns out I was correct that the ship , named the ISV Venture Star ( you can see the name on its hull ) , appears to be based on a realistic starship design , as opposed to most science fiction starships which rely on hyperspace bypasses and magical crystals to channel their energy from .
They do use instantaneous communication across the light years with quantum entanglement ( we will see how that ever works out ) .
The Avatar starship concept comes from an antimatter starship design by Charles Pellegrino and James Powell called a Valkyrie , which you can read a fair bit about here .
That ’s refreshing , at least .
It is ironic , though , that a ship which had so little screen time has been given so much realistic detail , more so than the Polyphemus system and the biology of Pandora if you really think about it ( as of this writing , there is no entry on Pandora itself ) .
Ignoring for one moment whether complex life could exist on Pandora at all given its situation as just described , note how similar the creatures and intelligent beings on that moon are to Earth life .
The Pandoran life forms really were n’t all that imaginative .
Maybe all Earth - type worlds evolve similar types of beings , but then why bother to have Avatar take place 4.3 light years from here , other than to make comments on human society without offending certain groups , of course .
Let ’s Go Camping – Forever !
Although we never really see human civilization on Earth in the year 2154 as imagined in Avatar , we are told that the place has become rather rundown , with not much green left ( shades of Silent Running ) , lots of skirmishes all over the globe ( that is how our Marine hero , Jake Sully , ended up in a wheelchair ) , and most everything is run by a company ( shades of Rollerball and Robocop ) called the Resources Development Administration , or RDA ( about as bland a corporate name as one can get ) .
Crime rates have probably gone up ( Jake Sully ’s twin brother was murdered by a thief , which is why he was sent to Pandora to replace his scientist sibling ) and resources have certainly dwindled , which is why the RDA has gone to all the bother and expense of traveling over 25 trillion miles across the Milky Way galaxy to set up a colony and research facility ( but in fact more like a military base ) on an alien moon to mine a mineral called unobtanium to supply energy for human society back on Earth .
In a previous Avatar article I discussed why it seems so foolish that a society which has space travel would need to go all the way to another solar system , even the nearest one , to mine resources just for civilization on Earth .
There should be colonies on worlds in our Sol system , especially on various planetoids , which have their own societies and access to lots of untapped resources .
Clearly the filmmakers wanted and needed some kind of conflict with beings roughly equal in intelligence to humans , and since they at least knew no other intelligences exist in our Sol system ( no living native ones anyway ) , they looked into the galaxy , where there are still so many unknowns that one can still create their own mythos of living worlds and feel safe from most ridicule ( Venus and Mars used to serve this role until the first few decades of the Space Age showed them to be hostile to complex organisms ) .
Thus the need to go mining around Alpha Centauri in Avatar .
In contrast we have the alien moon Pandora , which , despite the fact that most of the life forms and even the air are dangerous and deadly to Earth natives , is perceived of as some kind of Garden of Eden to the human race of the Twenty - Second Century .
Certainly in Avatar little time is wasted in making sure that we see the humans and their technology on Pandora as short - sighted at best and outright destructive at worst while the native beings on that moon – while being more hostile overall than in any jungle on Earth – are revealed to be in a harmonious and literal connection with each other .
We the audience are supposed to take this to mean that the Na’vi are not only the “ good guys ” but also good in general , even above the humans in a moral and spiritual sense .
Granted it was the humans who “ invaded ” their world and brought motives and items with them that are not for the benefit of the Na’vi , despite the representative company boss ’ retort that they tried to give the natives schools and roads but rejected all their overtures .
But the Na’vi people are not saints , they are mortal creatures just like the human species .
The fact that so many of the Omaticaya are warriors ( or are at least among the highest ranking social order of their people ) implies that they battle with each other just as most aboriginal tribes on Earth did for ages .
The Na’vi are not better or worse than the humans , they are just different and wonderfully adapted – to the world they evolved on .
This is one of the two main issues I have with the themes and depictions in Avatar .
By making the Na’vi out to be better than humanity because they are so “ natural ” while our technological civilization has brought nothing but hardships and problems to Earth and now to Pandora , this reinforces the notion among those in our society who think all technology is evil and only by returning completely to nature can we be saved .
The conclusion of Larry ’s essay will appear tomorrow .
Saving What Remains
SECONDARY FOREST PRODUCTS
Large - scale development of secondary forest products could be one path toward boosting local and national income without destroying forests .
Some forest products can be domesticated and cultivated on highly degraded and formerly forested lands .
Many of these products are better suited to the tropical environment and can produce greater economic returns than imported temperate species .
As discussed earlier , small farmers can be incorporated into the national economy and large - scale agricultural production through small agroforestry plots that feed into the wider market .
FOODS
There are a wide range of rainforest products that can be harvested at lower cost to the environment than widely harvested crops brought in from elsewhere .
The keys are to developing these products at scale , bringing them to market , and then marketing them , while always working to ensure that damage to the environment is minimized .
Cultivated Foods
Many of the foods we eat today have their origins in the rainforest , including the avocado , banana , Brazil nuts , cassava / manioc , cashews , chocolate / cocoa , cinnamon , cloves , coconut , coffee , cola , corn / maize , eggplant , fig , ginger , grapefruit , guava , herbal tea ingredients , jalapeno , lemon , mango , orange , papaya , peanut , pepper , pineapple , potato , rice , squash , sugar cane , tomato , and vanilla .
But there are still many more that have yet to be developed to their fullest potential : of the 3,000 rainforest fruits , only 200 are regularly used .
Of the estimated 25,000 to 30,000 species of plants that have edible parts , only about 7,000 have been cultivated or collected .
Of these , only 20 species provide 90 percent of the food needs , while rice , wheat , and maize make up more than 50 percent of caloric intake .
Tropical agriculture with conventional crops has often proven to be a failure because tropical forest lands are rife with pests , disease , poor soils , drought , and inconsistent rainfall .
Tropical agriculture based on these few crops rarely eases poverty for local people — most benefits accrue to large landowners and corporation .
What is needed is experimentation with other plants , especially those that would be better situated to cultivation in the tropics .
For example , the Buruti palm of the Amazon produces a vitamin - rich fruit with a bread - like pith , while two plants from West Africa produce compounds thousands of times sweeter than sucrose and could be used as natural sweeteners .
There are already examples of breakthrough plants .
Witness the surge in popularity for açai berries derived from an Amazon palm tree .
While expansion has had some negative social and environmental impacts , açai can be cultivated in a way that is minimally damaging .
Meanwhile sago palm in Southeast Asia is used widely as a starch in sweets and grows better when cultivated in a mixed forest habitat rather than a single - species plantation .
Animal - based foods
Similarly , rainforest animals have great potential as semi-domesticated food animals for the tropics .
These are better suited to the tropical climate and tropical ecosystems than domestic animals brought from more temperate climates that can be destructive of the rainforest lands and species .
Using native animals means lower environmental impact , greater diversity of animal - based foods , and greater efficiency of production than cattle ranching .
Tropical species with potential as sources of meat include Amazon river turtles ( Podocnemus sp ) , which have long been harvested ( usually unsustainably ) from their native habitat for their tasty meat .
These turtles can be easily cultivated in cement ponds located along the floodplains of tropical rivers and raised on aquatic vegetation and fruit .
The turtle produces 22,000 pounds of meat per acre ( 24,659 kg per hectare ) more than 400 times the yield of cattle raised in pastures and in a far less costly manner to the environment .
The green iguana of Central and South America has been over - hunted for its chicken - like meat and is endangered in some of its range .
The iguana is already being raised commercially in farms in Central America .
Iguanas can be ten times as productive in terms of yield as cattle on the same land , reducing the need to clear additional forest areas for pasture .
The capybara ( the world 's largest rodent ) , chachalacas ( like tropical chickens ) , and paca ( cat - sized rodents ) are other New World mammals that could provide sources of tropical meat without major disruption to the ecosystem .
These are just a sampling ( from the New World alone ) of tropical species that could productively replace temperate domestic animals in the tropics .
PROVIDERS OF GENETIC DIVERSITY
In 2010 , wheat grew on 838,700 square miles ( 217 million hectares ) of land around the world .
With an average of 2 million stalks per hectare , the total number of individuals exceeds 434 trillion individuals .
Clearly wheat is not an endangered species , but because of selective breeding toward genetic uniformity , wheat has lost most of its populations and hence its genetic variability .
What is the recourse if a disease breaks out in this gargantuan monoculture ?
Most likely scientists will scour the few wild places left on Earth for the remaining wild strains of wheat in hopes of finding genetic traits that will offer resistance to the pest .
In addition to food , rainforests serve as reservoirs of genetic diversity .
These wild species have traits that have been inadvertently removed by selective breeding , a process which selects traits based primarily on their utility to man .
Thus domesticated plants and animals are more susceptible to pests and disease .
To protect domestic species from these hazards , they can be bred with wild species that still retain traits protecting them from agricultural pests .
The most famous example of the value of wild gene pools comes from Asia in the 1970s when the rice crop was struck with grassy stunt virus , threatening the rice crop across the continent .
The International Rice Institute surveyed some 6,273 varieties of rice for attributes against grassy stunt .
Of this array , only one , inhabiting a small Indian valley slated to be cleared and developed , proved to have the desired qualities .
It was crossed with the predominant form of rice , creating a resistant hybrid , and was subsequently bred across Asia .
Had it not been for this tiny reservoir of diversity , Asia would have faced a deadly human catastrophe .
Today the ICCO ( the International Cocoa Organization ) is seeking out new strains of cocoa in the Orinoco and Amazon rainforests .
The ICCO is searching for varieties that will improve the yield and resistance of commercially grown cocoa , which has a very narrow genetic base .
For example , the entire cocoa agriculture of Ghana , a major world cocoa producer , is derived from a single pod brought in the 1870s by a visiting blacksmith .
Commercial oil palm and rubber face similar risks from narrow genetic bases .
Secondary forest products collected by forest people in the Loita Hills of Kenya .
Photo by Rhett A. Butler
Review questions :
Why is genetic diversity important for agriculture ?
Other versions of this page
Continued / Next : Medicinal plants
" Meat grown in laboratory in world first , " trumpets the headline of an article in The Telegraph .
The article went on to explain that Dutch researchers have grown in vitro meat in a laboratory , which is essentially edible fake meat grown in a test tube using the cells of a livestock animal .
Sounds cutting - edge , right ?
But we here at DISCOVER , we 've seen a pile of other headlines over the past decade that make it clear that lab - grown meat is nothing new .
A sampling of previous articles : Serving up man-made meat ( 2005 ) , Test Tube Meat Nears Dinner Table ( 2006 ) , Scientists develop method for home - grown meat ( 2006 ) , Scientists Flesh Out Plans to Grow ( and Sell ) Test Tube Meat ( 2008 ) .
Nonetheless , according to The Telegraph :
Scientists have managed to grow a form of meat in a laboratory for the first time , according to reports .
Researchers in the Netherlands created what was described as soggy pork and are now investigating ways to improve the muscle tissue in the hope that people will one day want to eat it .
It 's a great headline and opening ( regardless of whether anyone will eat something as delectable sounding as a soggy hotdog ) , however researchers have been growing tiny bits of meat in their labs for years .
The non -bylined Telegraph article does not mention that the idea of in vitro meat has been around since the 1930s , and the modern technology was born from a little agency named NASA , which was looking for a way to feed hungry astronauts , as reported in a 2008
Time
article [ emphasis added ] :
Scientists first began working with in vitro proteins , grown from animal cells in Petri dishes and bioreactors , about a decade ago .
The technology was originally conceived as a means to make food for astronauts to take on long space missions ; in 2000 , the first edible in vitro muscle protein was created from a goldfish by the NSR / Touro Applied BioScience Research Consortium .
Soon after , scientists realized the broader applicability of the technology and began developing it to feed the rest of us earthbound folk .
While it seems that the Dutch researchers ' sci- fi sausage may in fact be the world 's first in vitro pork , it 's far from the first lab grown meat .
As DISCOVER confirmed in a 2006 story :
... NASA - funded experiments have succeeded in culturing turkey muscle cells and goldfish cells as a potential way to feed astronauts on long space missions .
Fake meat has been a hot news item ever since PETA announced last year that they would award a $ 1 million dollar prize to the first person to create commercially available fake meat for sale at reasonable prices by 2012 .
The new beaker bacon does n't qualify for the prize , because according the contest rules the meat has to be faux - chicken and have the " taste and texture indistinguishable from real chicken flesh to non-meat eaters and meat eaters alike , " according to CNN .
The Telegraph article goes on to say that the new petri pork could be available for consumers as soon as 2012 .
However , since the article is light on sources beyond the researchers ( and it 's not clear where / if this work was published in a scientific journal ) , it 's hard to place a timeline on fake meat .
The Time article suggests at least 5 to 10 more years of research , plus a lengthy U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval process , will have to take place before any of the in vitro meats hit the shelves in the United States .
Believe it when you see it .
Related Content : DISCOVER : I'll Have My Burger Petri-Dish Bred , With Extra Omega - 3 Discoblog : Worst Science Article of the Week : The “ Dark Side ” of Darwin Discoblog : Worst Science Article of the Week : io9 ’s Unspeakable Genetic Error Discoblog : Worst Science Article of The Week : Women Are Evil , and Want Your Husband
Image : flickr / TheBusyBrain
Meat grown in laboratory in world first
Two great comic things are happening right now !
NUMBER ONE : John Campbell is making his perversely entertaining hourly comics again !
Fun Fact : although I have met John Campbell in real life several times , because of his annual hourlies , I still always imagine him as his hairless stick - figure avatar .
NUMBER TWO : KC Green 's Horribleville is now available in book form , from the great New Reliable Press !
Go ahead , preorder it
Not only are personal bankruptcies soaring , U.S. business bankruptcies rise 38 pct in 2009 .
U.S. business bankruptcies rose 38 percent last year , to a record since bankruptcy laws were changed in 2005 , according to a bankruptcy data firm on Tuesday .
There were 89,402 bankruptcy filings by businesses last year , compared with 64,584 the previous year , according to data compiled from court filings by Automated Access to Court Electronic Records , which is part of Jupiter eSources LLC in Oklahoma City .
Personal bankruptcies jumped to 1,357,565 last year , from 1,031,562 the year before .
The data included bankruptcy codes Chapter 7 , 11 and others .
Consumers often use Chapter 7 to get a new start on their financial lives .
Chapter 13 lets people discharge some debts .
Businesses typically use Chapter 7 to relieve themselves of debt and Chapter 11 to restructure debt and operations .
The numbers have been " steadily up , " said AACER President Mike Bickford .
" I do n't think ( 2010 ) will be less than 2009 .
I think what 's going to tell the tale for 2010 is the first quarter . "
US home sales plummet , personal bankruptcies soar
An important measure of future home sales fell far more sharply in November than economists had expected .
The National Association of Realtors ( NAR ) index on pending home sales — contracts agreed upon but not finalized — dropped by 16 percent in November , more than three times what economists interviewed by the Dow Jones Newswires had anticipated .
The pending home sales index registered declines in every region : 26 percent in the Northeast and Midwest , 15 percent in the South , and 3 percent in the West .
The NAR report follows the release last week of a Case - Schiller report showing home prices were flat in October , in spite of the surge in purchases based on the home buyer tax credit and exceptionally low mortgage interest rates .
This was not enough , a Tuesday New York Times editorial points out , “ to overcome the drag created by a glut of 3.2 million new and existing unsold single - family homes — about a seven - month supply . ”
“ The situation , we fear , will only get worse in months to come , ” the Times writes , citing increasing mortgage rates , the eventual ending of the home buyer tax , and an anticipated “ flood ” of foreclosed homes .
Foreclosures continue to increase .
In 2008 , more than 1.7 million mortgages fell to foreclosure or similar actions .
In 2009 , the number swelled to 2 million , and in 2010 , the figure is expected to increase to 2.4 million , according to Moody ’s Economy.com .
The looming glut of new foreclosed homes will drive down home values by as much 10 percent next year , bringing to 40 percent the four - year drop - off , the New York Times reports .
How To Find A Bankruptcy Attorney
James Cole
Kill The Debt
FatBeard
Leo Chen
Birth Death Nonsense
Birth Death Model Revisions 2009
Massive Revision Coming
Thursday was the last day for comments on the Federal Communications Commission 's proposals to bolster the agency 's Internet nondiscrimination rules , and under the wire comes another study that suggests that net neutrality makes good economic sense — we summarized a somewhat similar report on Monday .
This latest is produced by Christiaan Hogendorn of Wesleyan University .
And whether you agree with it or not , it raises an interesting question : how do you measure the total value of the ' Net ?
The answer , for this economist , is by measuring the participation of people .
Hogendorn 's pro-net neutrality paper argues , in essence , that the " the full value to society of an open Internet " is more or less equivalent to the degree of social participation that it draws .
And that value " is likely to be considerably higher than the value that an ISP would consider when setting prices and policies that would degrade the quality of some sources of content relative to others , " e.g. , the kind of prioritized access rules that the FCC 's proposed net neutrality regulations would bar .
The more the merrier
Hogendorn 's study does not skimp on economist jargon , but it 's not bad jargon ( for jargon ) .
First , the Internet is a general purpose technology , he explains , which means that it can be put to all kinds of uses .
Second , it is subject to all kinds of network effects that result in positive spillovers .
This means that the Internet increases with value as it draws more and more social participation .
That happens at a variety of levels .
The more ' Netizens use Facebook or Twitter , the more these apps become of social value to an ever - expanding number of people .
The more eBay is accessed to buy and sell , the greater economic value the company offers to online buyers and sellers .
The more participatory a service like Amazon makes itself , the more consumers will want to stick around the site and buy stuff .
And the more users glom onto applications with various formatting or programming standards — e.g. , html , xml , css , php — the more developers will create more apps for them or expand the standards themselves .
" Consumers value network effects a lot , " the paper plainly notes , reconfirming what scholars like Andrew Odlyzko say — that it's not content that draws people to the Internet , it 's other people .
The balance of worldwide telco revenue ( perhaps as much as 80 percent ) , Odlyzko contends , still comes from voice .
" And the bulk of the remainder is from other connectivity services ( such as texting , or , to the extent one can allocate revenues from Internet access , from email ) . "
It 's not like content does n't play a crucial role , Hogendorn notes .
Sites like Wikipedia create positive externalities , by offering an enormous amount of free " useful information . "
But overall , these are the dynamic benefits of the Internet .
They 're much harder to measure than the static benefits ( the immediate fees charged for services ) , but they 're definitely out there drawing ever more people into cyberspace .
" By charging consumers a subscription fee , [ ISPs ] receive compensation for use of the Internet and capture some value from the consumer , " the paper argues .
" But they do not capture the full value of consumers ' use of this communication tool — neither the full value in terms of the consumers themselves , and particularly not the spillovers that come from the consumers putting their Internet access to productive uses , and communicating or transacting with someone else . "
Crashing the party
But this spillover phenomenon is threatened by the prospect of ISPs offering prioritized services over the Internet , Hogendorn contends — offering faster speeds to some companies ( at a price ) , or preferring certain applications over others .
Prioritizing big areas of the Internet could reduce the total number of participants in any communications or social networking service :
For example , suppose an ISP introduces a traffic management practice that forces users to pay extra for a voice application like Skype .
Then some users will not feel the benefits of joining are sufficient to justify paying the fee , and they will not join .
But this does not create a loss for that consumer
alone .
All of the other users of the network will also receive less value , even if
they choose to pay the fee , because the direct network effect has been reduced .
And this is crucial to the development of the ' Net .
The paper cites other studies concluding that consumers value a ten percent jump in the number of similar users in a network about the same as they appreciate a five percent drop in the price of participation .
" Thus , if discrimination were to ' balkanize ' the Internet and reduce the size of many network communities using various applications by similar amounts , the costs in terms of lost surplus from network externalities could be very large . "
On the other hand ...
Hogendorn 's paper offers very humanist take on the net neutrality question .
But one can see his participatory network - oriented arguments being used by critics of net neutrality as well .
If ISPs can't take aggressive steps to prioritize and manage user traffic , skeptics will continue to counter , the quality of many networks will decline — a complaint already being heard by iPhone users .
That could decrease participation on a variety of platforms just as easily as prioritized access .
Others want assurances that strict net neutrality rules wo n't result in a jump in consumer ISP prices , raising the economic participation bar for many households , especially minority households .
That 's a concern already raised by a host of minority advocacy groups .
Still , it 's good to see an economist arguing that the true value of the Internet must be measured in something besides money .
Although Thursday was the deadline for comments , you can still reply to what others have written through March 5 .
Read it all here .
Submit a comment here ( the number for field # 1 " proceeding " is 09-191 ) .
Fifteen of the best rising music stars have been named on the longlist for the BBC's Sound of 2010 .
The list is designed to highlight the most exciting musical talent for the coming year and the artists have been picked by 165 UK - based tastemakers .
They each named their favourite three new acts and those with the most votes were put on the list .
The top five and winner will be unveiled in January .
Little Boots , Adele and Mika are among the previous Sound of ... winners .
The longlist is below .
Click on the links to watch , hear and read about the acts .
President Obama has finally taken a more populist tone on the economy by proposing that the TARP money given to the financial institutions in the midst of crisis be repaid by a special tax on large banks .
It ’s a good start , but only a start .
What matters is how this plays out over the next few weeks and whether or not it catches on .
Less obvious , however , is that support of this approach is going to be good politics for everyone as we head into an election year , Democrats and Republicans alike .
The proposal at hand is nothing more than a step towards what I proposed in the first place , which is a kind of insurance system for large financial institutions .
The basic is idea is that an independent panel of underwriters should periodically evaluate the risk inherent in the whole system and charge a premium to everyone for the costs of our government being “ the insurer of last resort ” .
When they get behind , as they have done lately , the premiums go up across the board for everyone .
That is something like what the FDIC does .
Back when smaller banks were the engine of our economy , this form of insurance stopped the panics that were triggering bank failures and became the first step towards recovery in the last Depression .
Since our system is a bit bigger and more complicated than it was then , a more comprehensive kind of FDIC is needed to handle the whole job .
That ’s what has been created in an ad hoc basis for this crisis .
Why is this still a problem ?
Because we do not , as of yet , have any kind of comprehensive reform in place to prevent these abuses from happening yet again sometime later on .
The banks have been fighting it and Congress has been busy trying to figure out the politics of this and health care and a few other things .
What has been proposed is an overly complicated bureaucratic system that lacks clear lines of responsibility and , more importantly , good incentives for good behavior .
That ’s where the Republicans need to step up and do something other than whine about “ socialism ” .
Regulation is , obviously , needed .
What ’s less obvious is something that I think that everyone should be able to agree on , which is the need for market - like forces that promote self - regulation in the industry .
That ’s where insurance comes in .
The last bubble was created , in part , by fantastic short - term gains by companies that took on huge risks that they really did n’t understand ( or care to ) .
They were able to do this because derivative contracts allowed them to spread the risk out through the whole market in ways that made everything less stable .
This all became a bubble when large ( and previously conservative ) institutions started to get their butts kicked by high - fliers who could promise very high returns .
There was a ton of competitive pressure for everyone to get into the game , and so they did .
Insurance premiums that assessed this risk properly would have met that pressure with an incentive for the industry to self - regulate in order to keep the premiums down .
Insurance by itself is not self - regulation , of course , but it ’s a piece of the puzzle .
The problem is that an oligarchy of banks will always naturally form because competition encourages them to off - load risk on the greater system of banking .
Those who can ditch the risk that they wo n’t be paid back are the ones who get rich .
Without incentives for banks to act against the oligarchy and be genuinely competitive , which is to say have an immediate reason to resist taking on everyone else ’s risk , they will always go along with the latest trends in banking .
That ’s where the Republicans come in .
I doubt that they will be able to come up with a system of strong market forces that create a genuinely self - regulating system , but I dare them to try .
Whatever they do come up with will be a genuine contribution to the debate and help us to move forward with a regulation system that will be inherently stronger – and probably less costly overall to the banks .
Why not give it a try ?
The only reason for them to not take up this challenge is that they are too embedded in the system as we know it to understand that change is inevitable .
Let ’s hope that the dose of populism injected by Obama changes the political game just enough that some kind of regulation – and repayment – becomes a given .
There ’d be no excuse for cowardice if the Democrats can ratchet it up just that far .
Of course , I ’m still waiting for a real WPA and a focus on the cost of creating jobs .
Those may seem like a distraction in the twisted politics of Washingtoon , but they are how the economy will be restructured properly .
What the Democrats need to understand is that a bit more populism might force some of these other nasty issues , like financial regulation , to move forward much quicker .
Here ’s hoping .
This argument is building on a lot of old arguments that I ’ve made over the last two years .
Those are imbedded in the links , which I invite you to follow .
Thanks .
Update : Dean tells Good Morning America that he thinks health bill should be scrapped : Video at bottom
WASHINGTON — Following the jettisoning of both the public option and the Medicare buy - in provision , one of the nation ’s leading progressive voices on health care reportedly said Tuesday that the Senate bill is no longer worth supporting .
“ This is essentially the collapse of health care reform in the United States Senate , ” former Gov. Howard Dean told political reporter Bob Kinzel of Vermont Public Radio .
Kinzel relayed the news to The Plum Line ‘s Greg Sargent , and the full VPR interview will air at 5:50 pm today .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Honestly the best thing to do right now is kill the Senate bill , go back to the House , start the reconciliation process , where you only need 51 votes and it would be a much simpler bill , ” he said .
Dean has been an outspoken champion of the public insurance option , describing it as the central component of the legislation .
A health care bill without it , he has said , is not worth supporting .
Dean lifted the spirits of dismayed progressives after the public option was compromised in favor of the Medicare buy - in provision .
He said last Wednesday that it was a “ positive step forward , ” and that expanding existing government - run insurance programs can achieve the same goals of lowering premiums and extending coverage .
But now that the Medicare compromise has also been scrapped , Dean no longer thinks the bill will meet these goals .
According to him , it ’s time for Democrats to pull the plug and start over using the parliamentary procedure known as reconciliation , through which a bill can be passed with a 51 - vote majority .
While some progressives agree with Dean , others say the bill still improves the current system .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The public option and its compromised iterations were a battle that came to seem like a war , ” Washington Post ‘s Ezra Klein wrote on Wednesday .
“ But they were n’t the war .
The bill itself was . ”
“ On its own terms , the bill is the most important social policy achievement since the Great Society .
It will save a lot of lives and prevent a lot of suffering , ” he added .
“ Political change is n’t easy , ” wrote Josh Marshall of Talking Points Memo .
“ It includes tons of reverses and inevitably involves not getting a lot of what you wanted , at least not at first …
People do n’t agree on things .
That ’s life .
But that ’s different from cashing out of the process if you do n’t get just what you want . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I understand that most of the liberal skepticism over the Senate bill is well intentioned , ” Nate Silver of FiveThirty Eight wrote on Wednesday .
“ But it has become way , way off the mark . ”
Dean ’s declaration comes on the same day that President Obama gave a speech signaling that positive health reform will pass .
Obama warned that inaction will create many more problems .
“ If we do n’t get this done , your premiums are guaranteed to go up , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from ABC ’s Good Morning America , broadcast Dec. 16 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
“ This a bigger bailout for the insurance industry than AIG , ” Dean told Good Morning America .
ADVERTISEMENT
Excerpts from George Stephanopoulos ’ ABC
News report :
Iraq ’s Politics of Fear
Until recently , the Iraqi elections on March 7 , 2010 seemed likely to showcase the growing maturity of local democracy and offer the United States a chance to claim some success and , more importantly , a mandate to withdraw troops .
The election would mark the third time a peaceful transfer of power from one elected civilian - led government to another has occurred since January 2005 .
The electoral system guaranteed a healthy connection between candidates and local constituencies , the formation of a manageable half dozen major coalitions represented a good balance of nationalist and ethno- sectarian platforms , and it was clear that a future government could only be formed by forging a diverse cross-sectarian and multi-ethnic alliance .
So what ’s the worry ?
The key threat to the success of Iraq ’s upcoming election stems from a decision by the Justice and Accountability Commission ( JAC ) , the successor organization to the deeply politicized De-Baathification Commission .
On Jan. 7 , the JAC , chaired by Ali Faysal al - Lami , a political ally of Ahmed Chalabi and a current candidate on Chalabi ’s Iraqi National Congress list for parliament , announced that it was seeking the exclusion of 500 primarily Sunni Arab candidates and 15 political lists from the elections due to their alleged connections to the banned Baath party .
Following the commission ’s ruling , despite the questionable legality of its actions , neither the legislature nor the executive branch leadership have taken steps to quash this inflammatory decision .
Hopes for reversing the JAC ’s move now fall to a special judicial commission appointed just days ago by the legislature .
The names of the appointed judges remain a secret .
While the government claims that this is for their personal security , it also reflects the lack of transparency with which the Iraqi government has approached this issue .
The ban will mainly affect candidates from the Iraqiyya coalition , a cross-sectarian alliance dominated by secular nationalists and led by Iyad Alllawi , the first Iraqi prime minister of the post - Saddam era .
Saleh Mutlaq , one of the three most senior leaders in the coalition , was among the candidates struck from the ballot — along with all candidates from his party , the Iraqi Front for National Dialogue .
Wathab Shakir , the Sunni Arab head of the national reconciliation committee , was also banned , alongside numerous candidates of the Unity of Iraq coalition , another cross-sectarian nationalist alliance .
Even if the decision is overturned , damage has already been done .
The exclusion of Sunni Arab candidates has coincided with other factors that are reducing public confidence in the success of the elections .
Al Qaeda in Iraq continues to plan and undertake mass casualty attacks against government and civilian targets , fueling sectarian distrust and the risk of heavy - handed responses by the predominantly Shiite security force in Baghdad .
On Jan. 12 , all movement in Baghdad was abruptly curtailed as the city went into lockdown as a result of a newly - foiled terrorist plot against key ministries .
The reaction to this incident — pervasive rumors concerning an attempted neo-Baathist military coup — was significant .
The rumors were magnified by various military parades and U.S. overflights that attended the Iraqi Armed Forces anniversary , which were misconstrued by a wary Baghdad populace .
By manipulating well - justified cultural and historical fears , the Shiite sectarian parties have also stoked fears of a " Baathist return " as part of their election strategy .
These concerns have not been effectively assuaged by the United States and its allies .
For example , there was insufficient explanation following the Jan. 8 statement by John Jenkins , the British ambassador to Iraq , warning of a future coup .
Given the makeup of today ’s Iraqi military — the vast majority of its leadership are Shiite Arabs or Kurds — a neo-Baathist coup remains highly unlikely .
The political exploitation of such rumors may therefore reflect the nurturing of paranoid identity politics in Iraq by parties , such as the Iranian - backed Islamic Supreme Council in Iraq ( ISCI ) , who performed poorly in last January ’s provincial elections and fear a transition to issues - based politics .
However , such a gambit comes at a sensitive moment for the Sunni Arab community in Iraq .
Though patiently enduring , the Sons of Iraq are feeling the heat as their U.S. military allies begin to withdraw and anti-U.S. Sunni militants increase their intimidation attacks .
Put simply , when viewed from the Sunni Arab perspective , the atmospherics surrounding the imminent campaign period stink — and thus , could foreshadow a larger shift away from participation in the established political process .
If hope is still to trump fear in Iraq ’s ongoing democratic experiment , the Obama administration should work urgently with the Iraqi political leadership in Baghdad to see that the JAC ’s legally dubious actions are overturned .
While unlikely , such a reversal might be possible should the United States , the United Nations , the Arab League , and responsible Iraqi political leaders continue to apply pressure .
Whatever the merits of de-Baathification , Iraq ’s democratic future should not be held hostage by this blatantly politicized ruling .
Unique And Funny Mailboxes
Ready to make fun of your mailbox ?
A mailbox ( or you can call it letterbox ) is a receptacle for receiving incoming mail at a private residence or business .
We see it everyday , use is everyday , nothing special .
However , if you want , they can be really unique and maybe funny .
Check out the various designs for mailbox in the post .
Most of them are hand - made ( creative owners ) .
Allies decided today to grant Montenegro its request to join the Membership Action Plan ( MAP ) , a NATO programme of advice , assistance and practical support tailored to the individual needs of countries that wish to join the Alliance .
Allies also stated that Bosnia and Herzegovina will join MAP , whenever there is progress in reforms .
“ I congratulate Montenegro on their success .
It ’s the result of hard work , ” said NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen .
“ And with a sustained effort at further reform , today ’s invitation to join the MAP will be a stepping stone to the ultimate goal : full membership in the Atlantic Alliance . ”
Allies agreed that Bosnia and Herzegovina will also find its home in NATO and that it is not a question of if it will join , but of when .
At the same time , Allies noted that while progress has been achieved in defence reform , there is not enough progress in other important reform areas .
During the discussion , NATO Allies welcomed the broad national consensus behind Bosnia and Herzegovina ’s request for MAP .
“ The fact that three armies that so recently fought each other are now one , under one Defence Ministry , is a real achievement , ” the Secretary General said .
“ But it is also true that Bosnia - Herzegovina has to do more .
We have therefore decided that Bosnia - Herzegovina will join MAP once it achieves the necessary progress in its reform efforts and we will keep Bosnia - Herzegovina 's progress under active review . ”
“ There should be no doubt in Bosnia - Herzegovina : we want to see you in MAP , and to see you in NATO , ” said the Secretary General .
“ We will work hard to support your hard work . ”
It is not the first time that lorries carrying arms have disappeared in Yemen , and sources suggested that the weapons may well have been bound for tribal rebels in the North .
The insurgents , who are Shia , are regarded as apostates by al - Qaeda , although some observers say there may be a limited alliance of convenience between the two .
Kabul , Afghanistan ( CNN ) --
Two of the seven CIA officers killed Wednesday in a suspected terrorist attack on a U.S. base in Afghanistan were contractors for Xe , a private security firm formerly known as Blackwater , a former intelligence official said Thursday .
A current intelligence official confirmed to CNN that the casualties included a mix of people -- CIA staff and contractors .
The CIA considers contractors to be officers .
The Taliban have claimed responsibility for Wednesday 's attack , which wounded six other people .
A senior U.S. official said information suggested that a bomber walked into a gym facility at Forward Operating Base Chapman -- in Khost Province , near the border of Pakistan -- and detonated bombs in a suicide vest .
It is not known how the bomber got past security .
In a posting on its Web site Thursday , the Taliban claimed the bomber was an Afghan National Army soldier .
A U.S. intelligence official on Thursday vowed that the United States would avenge the attack .
" This attack will be avenged through successful , aggressive counterterrorism operations , " the intelligence official vowed .
Former CIA official Robert Richer called it " the greatest loss of life for the Central Intelligence Agency since the Beirut Embassy bombing " in 1983 , which killed eight agents .
Flags at CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia , flew at half - staff Thursday .
" These brave Americans were part of a long line of patriots who have made great sacrifices for their fellow citizens , and for our way of life , " President Obama said in a written statement Thursday .
" The United States would not be able to maintain the freedom and security that we cherish without decades of service from the dedicated men and women of the CIA . "
Richer , who retired from the agency in 2005 as the associate deputy director for operations , knew many of Wednesday 's victims personally .
In a written statement Thursday , he called on the public to " remain mindful that our great country is served well by those in and out of uniform .
That officers like those lost in this attack placed themselves in harm 's way , at a critical and dangerous crossroads in the war on terror .
" We should be thankful for the service and sacrifice of these fine Americans .
They and their colleagues , who compose the very thin line of Agency officers working in the shadows at the very tip of the war on terror , are a national asset ; an asset often misunderstood and under appreciated . "
CIA Director Leon Panetta said in a statement Thursday that " those who fell ... were far from home and close to the enemy , doing the hard work that must be done to protect our country from terrorism . "
A U.S. military source noted that Chapman was originally a base for the Khost Provincial Construction Team , but the team left some time ago .
A U.S. intelligence official would not discuss the specific mission of the base but acknowledged that it was a crucial CIA post and a " hub of activity . "
Authorities believe that the suicide bomber might have attacked just after a convoy was ending or beginning , which would account for the high number of casualties .
Eight Americans were originally believed to be killed in the bombing .
CNN 's Barbara Starr , Pam Benson , Atia Abawi and Suzanne Simons and journalist Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .
Yesterday I published my Patent Wishes for 2010 .
Those things identified were largely industry wide wishes or desires and did not focus on any particular category or classification of invention .
I wrote about how the monstrosity of an obviousness test we are hobbled with thanks to the Supreme Court ’s KSR decision must be changed and how Congress needs to take their head out of the sand and fund the Patent Office adequately .
These and the other things I wrote about would benefit the patent system as a whole and assist the Patent Office in streamlining the patent process , which benefits everyone .
Notwithstanding , there were a few things I purposefully did not include in my 2010 wishes .
The word “ wish ” does not really capture the essence or depth of the magnitude of the desire I have for a few certain , industry specific events that will take place at some point during 2010 .
So rather than “ wish ” for certain things I thought it might be appropriate to beg for them instead .
Thus , I beseechingly request the following : ( 1 ) a decision from the Supreme Court in Bilski that does no damage ; and ( 2 ) an end to the nonsense surrounding gene patents and biologics .
I also wish with the utmost urgency that the City of Alexandria stop issuing parking tickets after hours .
After attending the USPTO Inventors Conference I received a parking ticket at 8:27 pm , while parked at a meter requiring payment only until 5 pm .
I challenged , and lost , which cost me an extra $ 10 .
Go figure !
1. Bilski — Supreme Court vs. Patent Law
About two months ago the United States Supreme Court heard oral arguments in Bilski v. Kappos , which relates to patentable subject matter ; namely what should be allowed to be patented in the United States , and more specifically to whether business methods are patentable if they satisfy the other patentability requirements .
My hope is that the decision in the case , which is likely to be released during the Spring of 2010 , does not turn out to be Supreme Court vs. Patent Law et al , where et al is the US economy .
In Bilski the inventor essentially came up with a mental process akin to looking at information , synthesizing the information and acting .
Such a method has been referred to , and probably rightly so , as a pure business method .
Business methods have been vilified in the popular press , across the Internet and in Congress where some Members of Congress have sought to kill them all together , but have failed time after time .
It is not at all an overstatement to say the fate of future innovation in the US rests squarely on the Supreme Court getting the Bilski ruling correct .
Long ago the manufacturing jobs started leaving and they are gone and not coming back .
To the extent that the US has anything other than a service economy it is thanks to intellectual property and intangible assets , and everyone who seriously considers the matter knows that the chief intangible asset for businesses is software .
Just take a look at the technology sector and the companies in that space and you ca n’t help but notice that the major employers in the US all have one thing in common — they use , create and exploit software .
Erase software patent protections and hundreds of thousands of jobs will be erased from the economy and investment dollars will go elsewhere .
But what does software have to do with a business method case ?
Exactly !
Unfortunately , the Federal Circuit did n’t understand that and issued the CAFC decision in Bilski that calls into question the patentability of software , as well as the patentability of medical processes , diagnostic processes and therapeutic treatments .
So in order to kill pure business methods the Federal Circuit shot at and killed much more .
In truth , what the Federal Circuit did was akin to pulling out an elephant gun to shot a fly .
There has been and will continue to be enormous collateral damage unless and until the Federal Circuit Bilski debacle is fixed .
Luckily , the Supreme Court has almost always erred on the side of an expansive view of what is patentable subject matter , and that is why in the United States we can patent living matter , such as a genetically modified bacterium , business methods and software .
The US economy would be dramatically different today if we did not have an expansive view of patentable subject matter .
It is no coincidence that the US dominates in software , biotechnology , pharmaceutical and many other industries , and such dominance is owed to our strong patent policies that foster innovation and entice investors to part with much needed capital to fund research , development and company building .
The cause for concern is that in the few instances where the Supreme Court has not had an expansive view of patentable subject matter the technology in question was computer processes , also known as software .
So will the Supreme Court cut off avenues of endeavor and potentially unborn industries that could spawn from never before considered technological
advances ?
We would be kidding ourselves if we did n’t acknowledge that such lunacy is definitely a possibility .
At times the Supreme Court has shrugged off methods and processes as “ only ” relating to a computer .
Given that software is the new engine that drives much technology advances today a death blow to software would no doubt slow the march of innovation and severely damage the US economy .
To see the impact you merely have to look at the patent portfolios of such large companies who employ many thousands like Microsoft , IBM , Intel and others .
Lost value , the inability to protect inventions and the ensuing disaster is guaranteed to lead to massive numbers of job losses and would kill whatever recovery we could otherwise have in 2010 !
The truth is that whatever the Supreme Court rules software will remain patentable , we just wo n’t be able to call it software .
We will have to act like the machine is what is new , not the directions given to the machine .
There will be tremendous opportunities for those who get to define their inventions moving forward , adhering to the restrictive dictates of Bilski will be expensive , but we know the target and patent attorneys are definitely resourceful .
But more than a decade of patents and still pending patent applications will be compromised with a negative Bilski decision from the Supreme Court , and there is just no reason to casually erase trillions of dollars of value when that value was obtained and property defined based on a set , certain and stable set of rules .
Make changes moving forward if you like , but changing the rules in the middle of the game is nothing more than cheating .
I am begging , praying , pleading .
I am throwing salt over my shoulder , rubbing lucky rabbits feet ( which admittedly were n’t so lucky for the rabbit ) , making sure I do n’t walk under ladders , not stepping on cracks , avoiding cats in general and specifically staying away from black cats .
Wishing for a decision in Bilski that does n’t do harm is simply not enough !
There is far too much at stake .
Up next … pleading for an end to the nonsense surrounding gene patents and biologics .
The ion trap where the main action takes place in the NIST aluminum ion clock .
The aluminum ion and partner magnesium ion sit in the slit running down the center of the device between the electrodes .
Credit : NIST
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Physicists at the National Institute of Standards and Technology have built an enhanced version of an experimental atomic clock based on a single aluminum atom that is now the world ’s most precise clock , more than twice as precise as the previous pacesetter based on a mercury atom .
The new aluminum clock would neither gain nor lose one second in about 3.7 billion years , according to measurements to be reported in Physical Review Letters .
The new clock is the second version of NIST ’s “ quantum logic clock , ” so called because it borrows the logical processing used for atoms storing data in experimental quantum computing , another major focus of the same NIST research group .
The second version of the logic clock offers more than twice the precision of the original .
“ This paper is a milestone for atomic clocks ” for a number of reasons , says NIST postdoctoral researcher James Chou , who developed most of the improvements .
In addition to demonstrating that aluminum is now a better timekeeper than mercury , the latest results confirm that optical clocks are widening their lead — in some respects — over the NIST - F1 cesium fountain clock , the U.S. civilian time standard , which currently keeps time to within 1 second in about 100 million years .
Because the international definition of the second ( in the International System of Units , or SI ) is based on the cesium atom , cesium remains the “ ruler ” for official timekeeping , and no clock can be more accurate than cesium - based standards such as NIST - F1 .
The logic clock is based on a single aluminum ion ( electrically charged atom ) trapped by electric fields and vibrating at ultraviolet light frequencies , which are 100,000 times higher than microwave frequencies used in NIST - F1 and other similar time standards around the world .
Optical clocks thus divide time into smaller units , and could someday lead to time standards more than 100 times as accurate as today ’s microwave standards .
Higher frequency is one of a variety of factors that enables improved precision and accuracy .
Aluminum is one contender for a future time standard to be selected by the international community .
NIST scientists are working on five different types of experimental optical clocks , each based on different atoms and offering its own advantages .
NIST ’s construction of a second , independent version of the logic clock proves it can be replicated , making it one of the first optical clocks to achieve that distinction .
Any future time standard will need to be reproduced in many laboratories .
NIST scientists evaluated the new logic clock by probing the aluminum ion with a laser to measure the exact " resonant " frequency at which the ion jumps to a higher - energy state , carefully accounting for all possible deviations such as those caused by ion motions .
No measurement is perfect , so the clock ’s precision is determined based on how closely repeated measurements can approach the atom ’s exact resonant frequency .
The smaller the deviations from the true value of the resonant frequency , the higher the precision of the clock .
Physicists also evaluate the performance of new optical clocks by comparing them to older optical clocks .
In this case , NIST scientists compared their two logic clocks by using the resonant laser frequency from one clock to probe the ion in the other clock .
Fifty - six separate comparisons were made , each lasting between 15 minutes and 3 hours .
The two logic clocks exhibit virtually identical “ tick ” rates — differences do n’t show up until measurements are extended to 17 decimal places .
The agreement between the two aluminum clocks is more than 10 times closer than any previous two - clock comparison , with the lowest measurement uncertainty ever achieved in such an evaluation , according to the paper .
The enhanced logic clock differs from the original version in several ways .
Most importantly , it uses a different type of “ partner ” ion to enable more efficient operations .
Aluminum is an exceptionally stable source of clock ticks but its properties are not easily manipulated or detected with lasers .
In the new clock , a magnesium ion is used to cool the aluminum and to signal its ticks .
The original version of the clock used beryllium , a smaller and lighter ion that is a less efficient match for aluminum .
Clocks have myriad applications .
The extreme precision offered by optical clocks is already providing record measurements of possible changes in the fundamental “ constants ” of nature , a line of inquiry that has important implications for cosmology and tests of the laws of physics , such as Einstein ’s theories of special and general relativity .
Next - generation clocks might lead to new types of gravity sensors for exploring underground natural resources and fundamental studies of the Earth .
Other possible applications may include ultra- precise autonomous navigation , such as landing planes by GPS .
Animation of NIST logic clock .
Credit : Greg Kuebler / JILA
Background : Where the ‘ Quantum Logic Clock ’ Gets Its Name
The NIST quantum logic clock is so named because it borrows techniques that are key to quantum computers , which would solve problems using quantum mechanics , nature ’s instruction book for the smallest particles of matter and light .
Logic is reasoning that determines an action or result based on which one of different possible options is received as input .
In the NIST clock , the input options are two different quantum states , or internal energy levels , of an aluminum ion .
Information about this state is transferred to a beryllium ion , which , depending on the input , produces different signals that are easily detected .
NIST scientists use lasers to cool the two ions which are held 4 thousandths of a millimeter apart in an electromagnetic trap .
Aluminum is the larger of the two ions , while the beryllium emits light under the conditions of this experiment .
Scientists hit the ions with pulses from a “ clock laser ” within a narrow frequency range .
If the laser frequency is at the center of the frequency range , the precise “ resonance frequency ” of aluminum , this ion jumps to a higher energy level , or 1 in the binary language of computers .
Otherwise , the ion remains in the lower energy state , or 0 .
If there is no change in the aluminum ion , then another laser pulse causes both ions to begin rocking side to side in unison because of their physical proximity and the interaction of their electrical charges .
An additional laser pulse converts this motion into a change in the internal energy level of the beryllium ion .
This pulse reverses the direction of the ion ’s magnetic “ spin , ” and the beryllium goes dark , a signal that the aluminum remained in the 0 state .
On the other hand , if the aluminum ion jumps to the higher energy level , then the additional laser pulses fail to stimulate a shared rocking motion and have no effect on the beryllium ion , which keeps emitting light .
Scientists detect this light as a signal that the aluminum ion jumped from 0 to 1 .
The goal is to tune the clock laser to the exact frequency that prompts the aluminum to jump from 0 to 1 .
The actual measurement of the ticking of the clock is provided not by the ions but rather by the clock laser ’s precisely tuned center frequency , which is measured with a “ frequency comb , ” a tool for measuring very high optical frequencies , or colors of light .
Explore further Ytterbium gains ground in quest for next - generation atomic clocks
More information : C. - W. Chou , D.B. Hume , J.C.J. Koelemeij , D.J. Wineland , and T. Rosenband .
2010 .
Frequency Comparison of Two High - Accuracy Al+ Optical Clocks .
Physical Review Letters .
Forthcoming .
A preprint is available at C. - W. Chou , D.B. Hume , J.C.J. Koelemeij , D.J. Wineland , and T. Rosenband .
2010 .
Frequency Comparison of Two High - Accuracy Al+ Optical Clocks ..
Forthcoming .
A preprint is available at arxiv.org / abs/0911.4527
Scrooge would be proud .
Even Mr. Potter , the greedy banker in " It 's A Wonderful Life , " did n't think of this .
The bankers whose disastrous and incompetent speculations were subsidized by taxpayers through gargantuan bailouts , were foreclosing churches while they were celebrating their giant holiday bonuses .
I first became aware of the magnitude of this from an excellent story in The Washington Post on Wednesday , Dec. 30 .
I have been doing research about church foreclosures and making phone calls to both Democrats and Republicans in Washington since reading the Post story .
I can promise that while I will be pursuing this matter in my column , there are also players in national print and network television media who have begun digging as you read these words .
The banks ' attacks on the churches began well before the holiday season , and follow the pattern of the banks ' attacks on other Americans such as victims of the Grapes of Wrath foreclosure wave generally : consumers who are being gouged with credit card rate increases over 30 percent , creditworthy small businesses that are denied loans , the tidal wave of outrageous fees , and the long litany of abuses that continue in our modern version of the Gilded Age .
Long before the holiday season , the banks turned the screws on many houses of worship of many denominations , in many states and congressional districts .
Some were simply foreclosed because they fell behind on payments in hard times where they were the last refuge of the hungry flock or the jobless workers who has nowhere else to turn .
In one of the most heinous financial abuses in decades , other churches with a perfect payment history on their loans were forced by banks to create large capital reserves .
In one example mentioned in the Post story , a church with a perfect payment history was forced to create a $ 750,000 capital reserve , and desperately had to raise $ 500,000 of emergency money just to satisfy the voracious hunger of its bank .
That bank finally backed off , after the intervention of Jesse Jackson , but in many other cases , easily researched , the banks did not back off .
Think about what this means :
With so many Americans hurting , in large measure because of the financial abuses that required huge taxpayer bailouts , many churches are forced to use scarce money to satisfy the voracious hunger of banks .
That money cannot be used to shelter the homeless , feed the hungry , clothe the needy , and perform their vital missions in the service of the Lord .
The banks , who became charity wards of the state with taxpayer money , paying themselves gigantic salaries and bonuses for their failures , now place under attack the vital missions of churches , even those who have always paid their bills .
I have only begun with this issue , after reading the Post story , and others are now joining .
We should follow the trail of the money .
Are banks using money they force churches to put in reserve accounts to meet their own capital reserve requirements ?
What do Treasury Secretary Geithner and Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke think of this ?
Is n't it time for a full congressional investigation ?
Will President Barack Obama fight for the churches being wrongly placed under attack ?
I hope so .
The American people are not happy with the behavior of banks , or the performance of the government .
They are right .
It is one of the great outrages in history that those who speculated with credit derivatives and bundled mortgages , and countless bankrupted machinations that even they did not understand , lost oceans of money and become wards of taxpayers through bailouts of the largest magnitude ever , and then show the greed and arrogance to pay themselves gargantuan bonuses that they celebrate with champagne on New Year 's Eve for a job well done .
Then they foreclose churches doing the mission of the Lord and they attack and abuse even those churches that have always paid their bills .
Have they no shame ?
No honor ?
No decency ?
Yes indeed , Scrooge would be proud , Mr. Potter would be joyous .
But the American people are angry .
It is time for Democrats and Republicans to unite to make this stop .
To mix a Biblical metaphor , the moneychangers are foreclosing the temple , and it is time to chase them out .
[ Please crosspost your comments to The Hill , where this blog entry also apppears . ]
_______
About author Brent Budowsky served as Legislative Assistant to U.S. Senator Lloyd Bentsen , responsible for commerce and intelligence matters , including one of the core drafters of the CIA Identities Law .
Served as Legislative Director to Congressman Bill Alexander , then Chief Deputy Whip , House of Representatives .
Currently a member of the International Advisory Council of the Intelligence Summit .
Left goverment in 1990 for marketing and public affairs business including major corporate entertainment and talent management .
He can be reached at Brent Budowsky served as Legislative Assistant to U.S. Senator Lloyd Bentsen , responsible for commerce and intelligence matters , including one of the core drafters of the CIA Identities Law .
Served as Legislative Director to Congressman Bill Alexander , then Chief Deputy Whip , House of Representatives .
Currently a member of the International Advisory Council of the Intelligence Summit .
Left goverment in 1990 for marketing and public affairs business including major corporate entertainment and talent management .
He can be reached at brentbbi@webtv.net
GOOGLE'S fight with Chinese censors risks escalating into a fullblown US - China showdown over cyber warfare , as claims emerge about the unprecedented scale of Chinese attacks on US commercial and defence systems .
The Chinese - originated attack on Gmail accounts of human rights activists , which Google said had partly prompted its threat to leave China , was " probably insignificant " compared with the " theft " of source code and data from Google and at least 33 other leading technology companies , said a consultant briefed on the cyber attacks .
The details coincided with claims that the FBI had tracked more than 90,000 Chinese - originated attacks last year on the Defence Department alone .
Australia 's big mining companies are refusing to negotiate iron ore contracts in China because of Chinese security agency intrusions at Rio Tinto , which culminated in the arrest of one of its executives , Stern Hu .
One of the reasons why most counterinsurgency campaigns fail is that they ’re run by foreign occupiers who do n’t know the culture of the invaded country .
This usual cultural ignorance , latent for eight years of the U.S. war effort in Afghanistan , came into sharp focus during the recent election campaign .
The American foreign policy elite blanched at the massive fraud allowing President Hamid Karzai to win a second term handily .
The election fraud then led to a thorough examination by the American media of Afghanistan ’s corrupt government and questions about whether such a venal government could ever win the hearts and minds of the Afghan people .
Of course , the implication was that it could n’t and that the U.S. war effort , attached to this sinking anchor , would ultimately fail .
Odds are that the U.S. war effort will ultimately fail , not primarily because of a tainted election or a corrupt government – but because the U.S. elite and ordinary Afghans have such different worldviews that they might as well live on different planets .
Two things that Afghans have gotten used to in the last 200 years are wars caused by foreign occupiers and corruption from their own rulers .
The impact of the fraudulent election , as an example of the latter , probably has not disillusioned Afghans as much as it has Westerners .
That is because in Afghan culture , elections and majority rule do n’t have that much legitimacy anyway .
People in Afghanistan usually solve their political issues by inviting tribal leaders and warlords to a grand assembly called a loya jirga .
Rather than majority rule governing , a consensus is hammered out .
Furthermore , what is considered corrupt in Western countries is just good clean fun in Afghanistan .
In the West , to soothe our consciences , our leaders disguise fighting for loot , territory , influence , or national interest in terms of high national principle ( peacekeeping , nation - building , spreading democracy , etc. ) , and then people actually start believing the malarkey .
In Afghanistan , fighters who switch sides for money may seem corrupt to the Western eye , but may be more honest with themselves than are Westerners .
Because of this vast cultural divide , the United States should realize that a foreign occupier can never really win hearts and minds in Afghanistan .
Afghan factions loyal to the U.S. will only be so until the cash or in - kind payments run out .
Thus , the Obama administration needs to realize that it probably can never bring about long - term stability in Afghanistan – which should have been obvious since the Russians , Soviets , and British all failed to do so .
The Afghans will somehow have to do that themselves .
However , tactically , the United States could take advantage of Afghan culture to bring about enough short - term stability to wisely and quickly get out of Dodge .
In the 20th century , the few successful counterinsurgency campaigns run by an outside power – the Americans in the Philippines after the Spanish - American War at the turn of the last century , the British in Malaya in the 1950s , and the Americans in Iraq – have one thing in common : the insurgency became divided .
The Obama administration is using Iraq as a template for success in Afghanistan without focusing on how the U.S. achieved this qualified success ( in Iraq , the U.S. has not withdrawn rapidly and could yet be caught in an ethno - sectarian civil war ) .
The surge of troops in Iraq might have helped – infusing a similar number of troops in 2005 did n’t – but the real reason that violence is down in Iraq is that al - Qaeda ’s indiscriminate violence became too great even for Sunnis to endure , and the United States simply paid the Sunni tribes to change sides and fight the group instead of the U.S. military .
In Afghanistan , although the tribal leadership has been weakened by years of war and assassinations , the U.S. could still pay off many Taliban to switch sides .
Contrary to conventional wisdom , many Taliban fight for money rather than because of ideological zeal .
Reading between the lines of his recent speech , President Obama seems to be looking for a minimal level of stability in Afghanistan in order to politically sell getting out of Afghanistan .
Buying off and dividing the Taliban is the way to do that .
President Obama then needs to rapidly take advantage of any lessening of violence , while using the cover of the temporary troop surge to rapidly withdraw from Afghanistan .
Also , he should more rapidly pull out of Iraq in order to avoid being enmeshed in a likely civil war .
In sum , being more honest with ourselves about getting bogged down in such unnecessary and ill - advised quagmires is needed .
Simply put , we need to pay off some of our opponents and head for the door .
In November 1660 , the world was a mysterious place .
There was no explanation for the rise and ebb of the tides .
Air was a puzzling , invisible fluid with unexplained properties .
There was no known way to measure the height of a mountain .
Minerals were produced by " certain subterranean juices through veins of the earth " .
A small group of men who began meeting at Gresham College that month and formed a society to promote experimental knowledge ( the royal charter came in 1662 ; the first women fellows were elected in 1945 ) listened to strange reports from Iceland of smoking lakes and fire in the sea .
They wondered why winter was colder than summer , and they speculated on the spontaneous generation of life in the absence of " certain seminal principles " .
They did more than wonder : they experimented .
They choked chickens , gagged fish , strangled dogs and dissected living cats .
They transfused blood from a sheep to a human .
They tried to imprison a spider inside a circle of powdered unicorn 's horn .
They also suffocated mice ; but according to their first chronicler , they themselves breathed " a freer air " and conversed quietly " without being ingag'd in the passions , and madness of that dismal Age " .
These men lived in a world of plague , fire , war , public execution , witchcraft , alchemy , religious hatred , political ferment and precarious patronage : but they made it a rule to discuss neither God nor politics , nor news " other than what concern 'd our business of Philosophy " .
As well as collecting uncritical observations of monstrous births and listening to investigations into the supposed consequences of a tarantula 's bite , they read a paper from a certain Mr Isaac Newton of Cambridge , which showed that white light was in fact made up of the colours of the rainbow .
This was a landmark moment in science , but as James Gleick – the first of many impressive contributors to this substantial celebration of 350 years of the Royal Society – reminds us , we recognise landmarks after we have passed them .
At the time , the society 's own experimenter , Robert Hooke , dismissed Newton 's hypothesis as wrong .
This snub drove the sulking Newton back to his obsession with alchemy and scripture .
There is a solid case for regarding Hooke and Newton and their peers as the makers of the modern world , but it might not have seemed so at the time , even to members of this not so exclusive club .
Past fellows have included Samuel Pepys , John Evelyn , Edward Gibbon and Lord Byron , and Bill Bryson appropriately enhances his celebratory mix with contemporaries better known for pen than pipette .
Margaret Atwood traces the origin of that ever - popular B - movie figure , the mad scientist , back to book three of Gulliver 's Travels , and points out that Swift can only have been lampooning the Royal Society when he invented the flying island of Laputa and the Grand Academy of Lagado .
But she also identifies strands in the Swiftian mockery – the anal inflation of dogs , the extraction of sunbeams from cucumbers – that eerily prefigure later realities involving colonoscopy and cod liver oil tonics .
The science writer Margaret Wertheim uses Dante 's Divine Comedy , with its journey through concentric spheres of increasing perfection , to illuminate the retreat from the Aristotelean cosmology that had been shared into the 17th century by papists , Puritans and the first professors of natural philosophy .
Euclidian space in a few generations expanded to exclude celestial space .
The telescope , and the Copernican principle that there was nothing special about the Earth or the solar system , began to banish God and his angels from any physical location in the heavens .
Stark rationalism swiftly provoked its own enduring counter - revolution .
" To the continuing horror of many champions of science , " she warns , " belief in astral planes , psychic channelling , reincarnation and past lives seems to be growing stronger . "
But out of untidy discovery , wonders emerged .
The universe was an ever - open book , said Galileo , " but it can not be understood unless you have first learned to understand the language and recognise the characters in which it is written .
It is written in the language of mathematics . "
Out of the original " Colledge for the Promoting of Physico - Mathematicall Experimentall Learning " and the work of its correspondents , admirers and imitators , first in Europe and America , and later everywhere on the planet , came so many of the things we now recognise as modern science and technology .
Bryson 's contributors celebrate aeronautics and evolution ; suspension bridges and systematic biology ; X - ray crystallography and lightning conductors ; Bayesian distribution and Bakelite ; climate science and complexity theory .
This is a book of cerebral riches , heavy with history , to be consumed at leisure .
It is also beautifully illustrated .
All but one of its 22 contributors wrote specially for this anthology .
Richard Holmes , fresh from his scientific history The Age of Wonder , provides new material on 18th - century balloon flights .
Richard Dawkins sums up the significance of Darwin 's achievement with renewed metaphorical force .
The Natural History Museum palaeontologist Richard Fortey highlights the importance of collections ; Steve Jones raises some of the puzzles of biodiversity ; the physicist and science fiction author Gregory Benford contemplates the enigma of time .
Every now and then , the book begins to seem like a royal variety performance : well - known acts trip on to the stage , perform a much - loved routine and disappear , to be followed by something completely different yet equally familiar .
But all contributors in their different ways also remind us that the show goes on .
Do we see more clearly than Hooke and Newton did three and a half centuries ago ?
Oliver Morton argues that we may have traded one picture of the Earth for another , but our understanding of the globe remains incomplete ; Ian Stewart reminds us that for all Galileo 's astuteness , even scientists can be oblivious to the subtle mathematics that underpin their research ; John Barrow considers the apparent simplicity of cosmological physics and points out that we do not observe the laws of nature , we see only the outcomes of those laws .
" Outcomes are much more complicated than the laws that govern them . "
The physicist and astrobiologist Paul Davies reminds us that even the keystone of the Copernican revolution – the assumption that there is nothing special about us – might be incompletely laid .
Is the solar system typical ?
Perhaps , but supporting evidence began to emerge only 15 years ago , and carbon - based life exists on Earth but , as far as we know , nowhere else .
Is there anything typical about our position in spacetime ?
Davies has his doubts : carbon , manufactured by burning stars , was not possible for the first five billion years , and may not be possible 100 billion years from now , although the universe could drag on , getting ever colder and darker , for another 10 billion billion empty years .
Gregory Benford makes the same point : " We seem to occupy an unusual niche in the long history of this universe . "
The novelist Maggie Gee takes global warming as a text for an entertaining sermon on fiction 's love affair with apocalypse .
The astronomer Martin Rees , president of the Royal Society , who in a 2003 book warned that we might already have begun Our Final Century , is sure that many mysteries remain .
" Most of the questions still being addressed simply could n't have been posed 50 years ago ( or even 20 ) : we can't conceive what problems will engage our successors . "
Am kommenden Mittwoch findet in der Staatskanzlei in Mainz eine Anhörung zum aktuellen Entwurf des überarbeiteten Jugendmedienschutz - Staatsvertrages ( PDF ) statt .
[ Ergänzung :
Es handelt sich dabei um einen Staatsvertrag zwischen den Bundesländern und wurde am 15 .
Dezember von der Rundfunkkommission der Länder für die Anhörung „ vorgesehen “ .
Diese ist die Vermittlungsinstanz der Länder zur Medienpolitik .
Vorsitzender der Rundfunkkommission ist Kurt Beck . ]
Dazu haben wir beim AK Zensur eine Stellungnahme ( PDF ) verfasst , die den Entwurf in den meisten Punkten kritisiert .
Der aktuelle Entwurf zum Jugendmedienschutz - Staatsvertrag ( JMStV ) enthält eine ganze Reihe abzulehnender Vorschriften :
Es werden sowohl Internet - Zugangs - Anbieter ( Access - Provider , ISP ) als auch Anbieter von Webspace ( Hosting - Provider ) mit den eigentlichen Inhalte - Anbietern gleich gesetzt .
Sie werden als „ Anbieter “ bezeichnet .
Sie alle sind für die Inhalte ihrer Kunden verantwortlich .
Access - Provider werden verpflichtet , ausländische Webseiten zu blockieren , die sich nicht an die in Deutschland geltenden Jugendschutzbestimmungen halten .
Es muss also eine weitaus umfangreichere Internet - Zensur - Infrastruktur aufgebaut werden , als dies Ursula von der Leyen im Wahlkampf vorgesehen hat .
Wenn auf einer Webseite die Nutzer Inhalte erstellen können ( also zum Beispiel Kommentare in Blogs ) , dann muss der Betreiber der Plattform ( also zum Beispiel der Blogger ) nachweisen (! ) , dass er zeitnah Inhalte entfernt , „ die geeignet sind , die Entwicklung von jüngeren Personen zu beeinträchtigen “ .
Ausnahmen sind keine vorgesehen .
Generell werden alle Inhalte in Kategorien eingeteilt : ab 0 Jahre , ab 6 Jahre , ab 12 Jahre , ab 16 Jahre , ab 18 Jahre .
Alle „ Anbieter “ müssen sicherstellen , dass Kinder der entsprechenden Altersstufe jeweils ungeeignete Inhalte nicht wahrnehmen .
Dafür sind mehrere ( alternative ) Maßnahmen vorgesehen :
Es wird ein von der Kommission für Jugendmedienschutz ( KJM ) zugelassenes Altersverifikationsverfahren genutzt .
Inhalte werden nur zu bestimmten Uhrzeiten angeboten .
( beispielsweise nur zwischen 22 und 6 Uhr , wenn ab 16 Jahre ) Alle Inhalte werden mit einer entsprechenden Altersfreigabe gekennzeichnet .
Die bestehenden Regelungen bezüglich schwer jugendgefährdenden Inhalten ( das betrifft u.a. Hardcore - Pornographie usw . ) bleiben natürlich in Kraft .
Kurz - Zusammenfassung unserer Stellungnahme
Eine Verantwortlichkeit und Sperr - Verpflichtung der Internet - Zugangs - Anbieter ( Access - Provider ) für in - oder ausländische Inhalte lehnen wir ab .
Eine solche Regelung wäre eine Verletzung europäischen und nationalen Rechts und würde zu erheblichen Einschränkungen der Meinungs - und Informationsfreiheit führen .
Darüber hinaus wäre auch der eCommerce in Deutschland im internationalen Wettbewerb massiv beeinträchtigt , wenn Access - Provider aus Haftungsgründen zu einer inhaltlichen Kontrolle der von ihnen transportierten Inhalte gezwungen wären .
Eine solche Regelung wäre eine Verletzung europäischen und nationalen Rechts und würde zu erheblichen Einschränkungen der Meinungs - und Informationsfreiheit führen .
Darüber hinaus wäre auch der eCommerce in Deutschland im internationalen Wettbewerb massiv beeinträchtigt , wenn Access - Provider aus Haftungsgründen zu einer inhaltlichen Kontrolle der von ihnen transportierten Inhalte gezwungen wären .
Eine Ausweitung der Prüf- und Lösch - Pflichten für Inhalte Dritter , beispielsweise für Kommentare in Blogs und Diskussionsforen bzw .
sog .
„ User Generated Content “ , lehnen wir ab .
Eine solche unverhältnismäßige Ausweitung von Kontrollpflichten führt dazu , dass derartige Angebote in Deutschland nicht oder nur noch extrem eingeschränkt verfügbar wären .
Denn Anbieter würden gänzlich unkalkulierbaren Haftungsrisiken ausgesetzt .
Hierdurch wäre nicht nur die Entwicklung innovativer Web - 2.0 - Angebote , sondern auch der wirtschaftliche Standort Deutschland massiv gefährdet .
Derartige Prüfungspflichten schränken zudem die Meinungs - und Rezipientenfreiheit ( Artikel 5 GG ) erheblich ein .
Eine solche unverhältnismäßige Ausweitung von Kontrollpflichten führt dazu , dass derartige Angebote in Deutschland nicht oder nur noch extrem eingeschränkt verfügbar wären .
Denn Anbieter würden gänzlich unkalkulierbaren Haftungsrisiken ausgesetzt .
Hierdurch wäre nicht nur die Entwicklung innovativer Web - 2.0 - Angebote , sondern auch der wirtschaftliche Standort Deutschland massiv gefährdet .
Derartige Prüfungspflichten schränken zudem die Meinungs - und Rezipientenfreiheit ( Artikel 5 GG ) erheblich ein .
Eine Verpflichtung zur Kennzeichnung ( „ Labeling “ ) von Inhalten im Internet lehnen wir ab .
Sie ist logistisch und technisch undurchführbar und weltweit nicht sinnvoll durchsetzbar .
Zudem ist eine solche Kennzeichnung in vielen Fällen auch willkürlich , da es kaum greifbare und objektive Kriterien zur Einstufung einer Seite , gerade im Altersbereich zwischen 3 und 16 Jahren , gibt .
Sie ist logistisch und technisch undurchführbar und weltweit nicht sinnvoll durchsetzbar .
Zudem ist eine solche Kennzeichnung in vielen Fällen auch willkürlich , da es kaum greifbare und objektive Kriterien zur Einstufung einer Seite , gerade im Altersbereich zwischen 3 und 16 Jahren , gibt .
Eine Einführung bzw .
Ausweitung von generellen „ Sendezeitbegrenzungen “ im Internet lehnen wir ab .
Sendezeitbegrenzungen sind in Broadcast - Medien durchaus sinnvoll .
Diese werden aber der Natur eines internationalen Kommunikations - und Abruf - Mediums nicht gerecht .
Zudem würde die Einführung einer „ Sendezeit “ für das deutsche Internet nur bereits bestehende Ansätze verstärken , nicht jugendfreie Inhalte in das für den deutschen Gesetzgeber nicht kontrollierbare Ausland zu verlagern , so dass überhaupt kein Schutzniveau mehr vorhanden ist .
Sendezeitbegrenzungen sind in Broadcast - Medien durchaus sinnvoll .
Diese werden aber der Natur eines internationalen Kommunikations - und Abruf - Mediums nicht gerecht .
Zudem würde die Einführung einer „ Sendezeit “ für das deutsche Internet nur bereits bestehende Ansätze verstärken , nicht jugendfreie Inhalte in das für den deutschen Gesetzgeber nicht kontrollierbare Ausland zu verlagern , so dass überhaupt kein Schutzniveau mehr vorhanden ist .
Dem Entwurf mangelt es an ausreichender Normenklarheit .
Er ist insgesamt nicht eindeutig , zu unbestimmt und überaus interpretationsfähig .
Der Gesetzgeber muss für die wesentlichen Punkte seines Anliegens von Verfassungs wegen klare und eindeutige Regeln schaffen und nicht solche , die durch andere Institutionen nachträglich interpretiert werden müssen und einen viefältigen Spielraum zur Auslegung bieten .
Der AK Zensur lehnt den Entwurf zur Novellierung des Jugendmedienschutz - Staatsvertrages ( JMStV - E ) in der vorliegenden Form ab , weil er die Meinungs - und Rezipientenfreiheit der Bevölkerung übermäßig einschränkt , die Entwicklung von modernen Internet - Anwendungen behindert , die wirtschaftliche und soziale Weiterentwicklung des Internets hemmt und gleichzeitig kein höheres Jugendschutzniveau bietet .
Im Bereich der Pornographie dient er nicht dem Schutz von Jugendlichen , sondern dient der Marktabschottung der inländischen Porno - Industrie vor ausländischer Konkurrenz .
Der Beifall der deutschen Porno - Produzenten ist ihm daher sicher .
In anderen Bereichen dient der JMStV - E der Durchsetzung moralischer und sittlicher Vorstellungen unter dem Deckmantel des Jugendschutzes , da auch Erwachsenen der Zugriff auf und die Diskussion über Inhalte deutlich erschwert wird , die potentiell „ geeignet sind , die Entwicklung von Kindern oder Jugendlichen zu einer eigenverantwortlichen und gemeinschaftsfähigen Persönlichkeit zu beeinträchtigen “ .
Unserer Ansicht nach widerspricht der vorliegende Entwurf in zentralen Punkten Artikel 19 der Allgemeinen Erklärung der Menschenrechte , Artikel 10 der Europäischen Menschenrechtskonvention und Artikel 5 des Grundgesetzes .
Es ist nicht Aufgabe des Gesetzgebers , einem Unternehmen wie der jugendschutz.net GmbH neue Geschäftsfelder zu erschließen .
Aber eben diesen Eindruck kann man bei der Lektüre des Entwurfs zur Novellierung des Jugendmedien - Staatsvertrags bekommen : Die Ausweitung der Arbeit für die nächsten Jahre wäre gesichert .
Weitere Stellungnahmen gibt es u.a. von 1&1 und eco .
Unsere Stellungnahme im Volltext :
jmstv-stellungnahme-ak-zensur-januar-2010.pdf
( PDF , 233 KB , 11 Seiten )
Siehe auch :
Der aktuelle Entwurf zur Änderung des Jugendmedienschutz - Staatsvertrags .
Der JMStV - Entwurf muss vom Tisch !
Ein Kommentar nach der Anhörung .
Gone in minutes ( Image : Chris Hackett )
I ’M lying on a bed in a cosy room .
Soothing music plays in the background .
Four palm - sized paddles rest silent and cool across my midriff .
In the time it takes to do a typical gym workout , I could be up to 7 inches thinner than I was before I lay down .
No , I ’m not in the middle of a daydream , I ’m in a private clinic in London , and I ’m about to have my fat zapped .
Half an hour ago , I walked into a plush reception lobby on Harley Street – a thoroughfare famed for its exclusive private medical practices .
Business is good .
Two beauty therapists sit in the reception area chatting to a customer .
“ You lost just 3 inches this time ?
Never mind , we ’ll see if we can get a few more next week .
How does Tuesday suit ? ”
I am visiting Harley Fit , one of a string of new companies that promise to transform your waistline in your lunch break .
My visit is the culmination of a journey that began when a press release landed on my desk boasting a treatment that could make me “ 7 inches thinner in 20 minutes ” .
It sounded too good to be true .
Yet thousands of people have attended one of the hundreds of clinics around the world that offer the treatment , and scores of reviews in lifestyle magazines speak of results that are “ nothing short of amazing ” .
At around £ 250 per treatment it does n’t come cheap , but with the diet industry estimated to turn over tens of billions of dollars every year in the US alone , the appetite for …
Every year , millions of people find themselves craving a vacation from greater Los Angeles .
Many of these people do n’t want to cross state lines or climb mountains or contend with deserts , rivers , lakes , waterfalls , redwoods , Gold Country or Mickey Mouse .
Which leaves them facing this question : San Francisco or San Diego ?
Or , as some people would phrase it :
Think or swim ?
It is a per-capita fact that one city has more surf shops and the other has more college graduates .
But there ’s more to this choice than that .
One of these cities gives you reliable sun , a world - class zoo and kid-friendliness , accompanied by the occasional reminder that the 1982 film “ Fast Times at Ridgemont High ” was based on a true story .
Advertisement
The other city does n’t seem to care as much about your kids , but it will feed , entertain and edify you with such verve and sophistication that you ’ll barely notice the arctic breezes .
One is forever winning popularity contests , but the other is cheaper , has less crime and attracts more than twice as many overnight guests countywide .
One gave us “ The Maltese Falcon , ” the other gave us Tony Hawk .
One is the cradle of hippiedom ; the other is a major Navy port .
( See stories online . )
One is four times as densely occupied as the other , yet when it comes to hotels , they ’re almost dead even -- 226 in one city , 225 in the other .
Advertisement
One city has Balboa Park -- no , check that .
Both have Balboa parks .
But can you guess which Balboa Park once harbored a nudist colony ?
One has the Golden Gate Bridge ; one has the Coronado Bridge .
One points north to Marin County ; one points south to Mexico .
One has Market Street -- wait , both have Market streets .
San Diego ’s is longer , and San Francisco ’s is scarier .
One city has a winning football team , and one has the 49ers .
Both have losing baseball teams ( if you count up the last three seasons ) , and both teams play in retro- flavored downtown ballparks near water ’s edge .
So if you ’re a weekend tourist , which is better ?
I hereby submit that from dusk to dawn , San Francisco is better .
Well , except from November through March , when it can get cold enough to frost your Irish coffee .
Advertisement
I further submit that from dawn to dusk , San Diego is better .
Especially if you get outdoors a lot or you ’re a kid .
Oh , but San Francisco will be better July 22 to 25 , when 126,000 Comic - Con people will clog downtown San Diego .
And San Diego will be better Sept 19 to 23 , when 45,000 people gather at San Francisco ’s convention center for the annual Oracle OpenWorld information technology conference .
To arrive at this richly nuanced answer , I made fresh visits to each city and weighed the data with absolute objectivity and seriousness , except for the parts that I goofed around with , which follow .
Your results may vary .
chris.reynolds@latimes.com
Advertisement
Getting there
San Diego :
To reach downtown S.D. from downtown Los Angeles , you ’ll probably drive .
It ’s about 120 miles south , two hours on a great freeway day , four hours on a rotten one .
Expect a round - trip gas bill of $ 36 if you get 20 miles per gallon and pay $ 3 a gallon .
If you take Amtrak , it ’s a little less than three hours and $ 29 per adult each way .
San Francisco : From downtown L.A. , drive north about 380 miles ( round - trip gas bill : $ 114 ) , six hours at best .
Or you could fly , probably paying $ 100 to $ 200 for an LAX - SFO round trip .
Amtrak ?
Too slow and complicated .
Getting around
Advertisement
S.D. : Sprawl with a pretty face .
The San Diego Trolley takes you from downtown to Mission Valley or the border , but to reach the beach , you ’ll probably be driving .
Taxi licenses ?
1,222 .
S.F. : Cable cars , BART , the Muni system and 1,432 licensed taxis working an entire city that ’s about 7 miles by 7 miles , give or take .
Eating
S.D. : Despite the great fish tacos , S.D. is rarely counted among the planet ’s best cities for eating .
For 2010 , the Forbes Travel Guide ( which recently swallowed Mobil ’s influential restaurant - ranking operation ) deemed 58 S.D. restaurants worthy of ranking .
One got four stars , and one got five -- Addison , at the Grand del Mar hotel .
Advertisement
S.F. : Is always popping up on somebody ’s list of world ’s best restaurant cities .
For 2010 , the Forbes people deemed 125 S.F. restaurants worth ranking .
Nine got four stars , and one received five : the Dining Room at the Ritz - Carlton .
The city as a muse
S.D. : Inspired Max Miller ( who wrote the gritty 1932 novella “ I Cover the Waterfront ” ) and must have somehow influenced Dr. Seuss ( Theodor Geisel ) , who lived here about 40 years .
Tom Waits ( “ San Diego Serenade ” ) , Frank Zappa and Blink - 182 played in their first bands here , and Jewel and the Stone Temple Pilots got big breaks .
At the movies , it was either the set or inspiration for “ Top Gun , ” “ Traffic , ” “ Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy ” and “ Fast Times . ”
On television , “ Simon & Simon . ”
S.F. : Inspired Dashiell Hammett ’s detective novels ( including “ The Maltese Falcon ” ) , Douglass Cross ( who wrote the lyrics to “ I Left My Heart . . . " ) , and many classic - rock performers , including the Grateful Dead , Jefferson Airplane , Janis Joplin and Santana .
At the movies , it was the set for “ Dirty Harry , ” “ Bullitt ” and “ Milk . ”
On television , “ The Streets of San Francisco ” lingers in memory .
Advertisement
The college crowd
S.D. : The U.S. Census said that , in 2008 , 40.7 % of residents 25 or older had bachelor ’s degrees .
San Diego State counts about 27,500 undergrads ; UC San Diego counts about 22,500 and University of San Diego ( a private Catholic university ) counts about 5,100 .
S.F. : The U.S. Census reported that , in 2008 , 50.3 % of residents 25 or older had bachelor ’s degrees .
San Francisco
State reports about 24,000 undergrads , UC San Francisco reports none ( its more than 4,000 students are all grad students in medical subjects ) and University of San Francisco ( a private Catholic university ) counts about 5,500 .
The international crowd
Advertisement
S.D. : 25.5 % foreign - born , by count of U.S. Census , 2008 .
S.F. : 35.6 % foreign - born , by count of U.S. Census , 2008 .
The LGB crowd
S.D. : It ’s not just the Hillcrest area .
One UCLA study in 2006 estimated gays , lesbians and bisexuals amounted to 6.8 % of the city ’s population ( source : the Williams Institute on Sexual Orientation Law and Public Policy , UCLA School of Law ) .
Advertisement
S.F. : It ’s not just the Castro .
That 2006 UCLA study estimated that gays , lesbians and bisexuals amounted to 15.4 % of the city ’s population .
What travelers say
S.D. : Eighth place in the 2009 Condé Nast Traveler ’s Reader ’s Choice Award for favorite U.S. city , just behind Savannah , Ga. , just ahead of Boston .
Facebook travel fans as of mid-January : 56,858 .
S.F. : Winner of 2009 Condé Nast Traveler ’s Reader ’s Choice Award for favorite city in the U.S. Facebook travel fans as of mid-January : 123,908 .
Advertisement
What travelers do
S.D. : In 2008 , the county hosted 15.2 million overnight visitors and 15.9 million more day - trippers .
S.F. : In 2008 , the city / county hosted 5.93 million overnight visitors and 10.5 million more day - trippers .
Weather
Advertisement
S.D. : San Diego ’s average high , year - round : 71 .
Average low : 57 .
About 9 to 10 inches of rain yearly .
Yet locals know to expect June gloom .
By one analysis of weather since the 1950s , May and June are the cloudiest months of the year .
S.F. : San Francisco ’s average high is 63 , the average low 51 .
About 20 inches of rain yearly .
Crime
S.D. : The FBI ’s 2008 uniform crime report shows 6,047 violent crimes and 40,365 property crimes among 1.3 million residents .
Advertisement
S.F. : The FBI ’s 2008 uniform crime report shows 6,744 violent crimes and 36,301 property crimes among about three - quarters of a million residents .
The conventioneer factor
S.D. : Down south , 2010 ’s three biggest conventions will be the annual Comic - Con July 22 - 25 ; ASR Trade Expo , an Aug. 14 - 16 gathering of sports apparel retailers ( 20,000 expected ) ; and the Society for Neuroscience , Nov. 13-17 ( 36,000 expected ) .
S.F. : To the north , there ’s Oracle OpenWorld , Sept. 19 - 23 ; Semicon
West for semiconductor equipment and materials people , July 13 - 15 ( 25,000 expected ) ; and the Winter Fancy Food Show of the National Assn. for the Specialty Food Trade , Jan. 17-19 ( 19,000 expected ) .
Advertisement
Politics
S.D. : Once , this was Nixon country .
But in 2008 , San Diego County voted 54 % to 44 % for Obama - Biden over McCain - Palin .
In fact , with its larger population , San Diego County delivered more than twice as many Obama votes as San Francisco County .
S.F. : Liberal nirvana .
Barack Obama got 84 % of presidential voters in 2008 .
Lay of the land
Advertisement
S.D. : 1,256,951 residents ( and growing ) in the city ’s 324 square miles , said the U.S. Census Bureau in 2006 .
That ’s more than 3,800 people per square mile .
( Countywide census figures from 2008 show 3,001,072 people in about 4,200 square miles . )
S.F. : 744,041 residents ( and shrinking ) in 46 square miles , said the U.S. Census Bureau in 2006 .
That ’s more than 16,000 people per square mile .
( The city and county of San Francisco share boundaries . )
Hotels
S.D. :
In the city , 225 hotels and 37,425 rooms , by count of hotel trade analyst STR .
In the first 11 months of 2009 , the average room rate was $ 130.97 .
Advertisement
S.F. :
In the city , 226 hotels and 34,417 rooms , by count of hotel trade analyst STR .
In the first 11 months of 2009 , the average room rate was $ 147.46 .
What ’s this on my hotel bill ?
S.D. : Hotel tax is 10.5 % if you ’re in a lodging with fewer than 70 rooms , or 12.5 % if you ’re in a city hotel that ’s larger .
S.F. : Taken together , hotel taxes and a new “ assessment ” add up to 15 % or 15.5 % , depending on location .
Advertisement
What ’s that out in the water ?
S.D. : On Coronado ( an isthmus , not an island ) , a grand old hotel has held hundreds of guests at a time since the late 19th century .
Annual number of tourists : more than 2 million .
S.F. : On Alcatraz , a gloomy old prison held hundreds of inmates at a time from the late 19th century until 1963 .
Annual number of tourists : 1.35 million .
Big green
Advertisement
S.D. : Balboa Park , 1,200 acres , includes the San Diego Zoo , more than a dozen museums , the Old Globe theater complex and a big , old , brown , wooden Botanical Building .
There ’s also a butterfly habitat in Zoro Canyon that was a nudist colony during the Panama California Exposition of 1935 .
S.F. : Golden Gate Park , 1,017 acres , includes the California Academy of Sciences , the De Young Museum and a big , old , white , wooden Conservatory of Flowers building .
Also two windmills and a bison paddock .
Kid stuff
S.D. : The San Diego Zoo and the rest of Balboa Park .
The Wild Animal Park in Escondido .
SeaWorld San Diego .
Legoland in nearby Carlsbad .
The New Children ’s Museum downtown .
All that tourist stuff around the Embarcadero .
A 2008 study found that 19 % of the county ’s hotel guests were traveling with children .
Advertisement
S.F. : The California Academy of Sciences and the rest of Golden Gate Park .
Cable cars .
The Exploratorium .
The San Francisco Zoo .
All that tourist stuff around Fisherman ’s Wharf .
A 2004 study found that 8.7 % of hotel guests were traveling with children .
Museums
S.D. : In Balboa Park , you find the S.D. Museum of Art , the Museum of Photographic Arts , the Timken ( Old Masters ) , the Mingei ( folk art ) and museums of natural history , man , science and aviation .
Beyond , there ’s the Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego ( in La Jolla and downtown ) , the Maritime Museum ’s waterfront Star of India , said to be the world ’s oldest active ship .
S.F. : The S.F. Museum of Modern Art , the De Young , the Legion of Honor and the Asian Art Museum get attention , but dozens more museums include a Jewish Museum , Cable Car Museum and Cartoon Art Museum .
Advertisement
Outdoors
S.D. : In the county , 70 miles of shoreline .
Perhaps 150 surf shops , about 90 golf courses .
The county ’s inland mountains often get snow ( Julian ) , the desert gets wildflowers ( especially Anza- Borrego Desert State Park ) and there ’s four - wheeling in the dunes ( especially Ocotillo Wells ) .
S.F. : Almost 30 miles of shoreline .
Surf suitable for wetsuits .
Fewer than 10 golf courses .
Forty - three hills , by the visitor bureau ’s tally .
Mt. Tamalpais and all the glories of Marin County await at the north end of Golden Gate Bridge .
Performing arts
Advertisement
S.D. : S.D. Symphony , S.D. Opera , the Old Globe , La Jolla Playhouse .
S.F. : S.F. Symphony , S.F. Opera , American Conservatory
Theater .
( And across the bay , there ’s the Berkeley Repertory Theatre . )
Night life
S.D. : One entry on Esquire magazine ’s Best Bars in America list : the Bar at the Red Fox Steakhouse on El Cajon Boulevard .
One entry on Beeradvocate.com ’s “ Top 20 Beer Bars in America ” list : O’Brien ’s American Pub on Convoy Street .
Advertisement
S.F. : Nine entries on Esquire magazine ’s latest Best Bars list : 21 Club , Alembic , Bourbon & Branch , Cantina , Tommy ’s Mexican Restaurant , Toronado , Tosca Cafe , Vesuvio , Zeitgeist .
One entry on Beeradvocate.com ’s “ Top 20 Beer Bars in America ” list : Toronado .
Weird celebrity history
S.D. : After the gunfight at the O.K. Corral , Wyatt Earp came here to buy real estate and saloons .
In the 1930s , a local kid named Ted Williams caught on with the city ’s minor league baseball team , then went on to the majors .
S.F. : Ansel Adams , as a child of 4 , broke his nose in the great earthquake of 1906 .
In the 1930s , a local kid named Joe DiMaggio caught on with the city ’s minor league baseball team , then went on to the majors .
Advertisement
chris.reynolds@latimes.com
If you ’ve ever seen a movie in 3 - D  “ Avatar , ” “ Up , ” “ Polar Express ” and so on  then you ’ve already seen the effect .
You wear plastic glasses , and you get a sensation of depth in the movie image .
Sometimes the filmmaker pulls cheesy stunts like having a character shove a pole “ out of the screen , ” nearly into your face ; at other times , as in “ Avatar , ” the 3 - D effect lends a subtler depth and realism to a scene .
At C.E.S. , the screens were big , the images were high - def , the sound systems were state of the art , and the video samples were vivid and punchy .
They made 3 - D TV seem fantastic .
You almost could n’t wait to buy one when they come out this summer .
But once the retractable leash pulled your C.E.S. demo glasses back onto their pedestal for the next customer , you ’d be forgiven for having a few doubts .
First of all , those glasses .
E - w - w-w .
Do we really want to have to put on glasses every time we sit down for some TV ?
Do n’t we lose something when we look around the room to exchange glances , and we ca n’t see anyone ’s eyes ?
Do we really want to nuzzle up to our fiancées and spouses with those things on ?
You ’ll get one or two pairs of glasses with each set .
Additional glasses will cost $ 75 or more .
So if you invite 12 buddies over for a Super Bowl party to inaugurate your expensive new 3 - D set , you ’ll have to lay out $ 750 just so everyone can watch the game .
Better hope nobody fails to show .
Image Active - shutter 3 - D glasses are a far cry from the flimsy spectacles of the past .
Credit ...
Steve Marcus / Reuters
( And no , you ca n’t ask your friends to bring their own glasses .
The TV manufacturers have n’t agreed on a standard , so one company ’s glasses may not work with another company ’s TV .
Argh . )
A 15 - year - old girl attacked by a gang of about 20 teenagers who filmed the shopping centre assault on mobile phones says shopping centre security guards refused to help her .
The girl is too afraid of reprisals to be identified or photographed , but her furious grandmother has spoken out and demanded action against the guards at Stockland Rockhampton .
Erica Walker , who lives in North Rockhampton , says some of the gang used their mobile phones to film the assault as the young thugs took turns in delivering sickening blows to her granddaughter ’s face and head .
“ She ran behind a security guard for cover , but he never attempted to help her , ” Erica said .
“ I have made a formal complaint to the centre management and I want action against the guards who stood and allowed this to happen , ” she said .
Read the full story at The Rockhampton Morning Bulletin .
Why Counter - Terrorism Is in Shambles Editor ’s Note : A blogger with the PBS ’ NewsHour asked former CIA analyst Ray McGovern to respond to three questions regarding recent events involving the CIA , FBI , and the intelligence community in general .
A couple of other individuals were asked identical questions , queries that are typical of what radio / TV and blogger interviewers think to be the right ones .
So there is merit in trying to answer them directly , such as they are , and then broadening the response to address the core problems confronting U.S. counter - terror strategies .
After drafting his answers , McGovern asked former FBI attorney / special agent Coleen Rowley , a colleague in Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity , to review his response and add her own comments at the end .
The resulting Q and A is below : Email
Printer friendly Question # 1 – What lapses in the American counter terrorism apparatus made the Christmas Day bombing plot possible ?
Is it inevitable that certain plots will succeed ?
The short answer to the second sentence is :
Yes , it is inevitable that “ certain plots will succeed . ”
A more helpful answer would address the question as to how we might best minimize their prospects for success .
And to do this , sorry to say , there is no getting around the necessity to address the root causes of terrorism or , in the vernacular , “ why they hate us . ”
If we do n’t go beyond self - exculpatory sloganeering in attempting to answer that key question , any “ counter terrorism apparatus ” is doomed to failure .
Honest appraisals would tread on delicate territory , but any intelligence agency worth its salt must be willing / able to address it .
Delicate ?
Take , for example , what Khalid Sheik Mohammed , the “ mastermind ” of 9/11 , said was his main motive .
Here ’s what the 9/11 Commission Report wrote on page 147 .
You will not find it reported in the Fawning Corporate Media ( FCM ) : “ By his own account , KSM ’s animus toward the United States stemmed … from his violent disagreement with U.S. foreign policy favoring Israel . ”
This is not the entire picture , of course .
Other key factors include the post - Gulf War stationing of U.S. troops in Saudi Arabia , widely seen as defiling the holy sites of Islam .
Add Washington ’s propping up of dictatorial , repressive regimes in order to secure continuing access to oil and natural gas — widely ( and accurately ) seen as one of the main reasons for the invasion of Iraq and Afghanistan .
Not to mention the Pentagon ’s insatiable thirst for additional permanent ( sorry , the term is now “ enduring ” ) military bases in that part of the world .
The writers of the 9/11 Commission Report made a stab at puncturing the myth about “ why they hate us ” ( and actually succeeded in giving the lie to familiar bromides like “ they ” hate us for our democracy , our freedoms , our way of life , and so forth ) .
See , for example , pp 374-376 of the Commission Report .
But , you may object , I am not answering the first question posed above ; I am , rather , fighting the problem .
Not true .
I am trying to address the right question … trying to deal with causes , not just symptoms and consequences .
The first question , as posed , deals in a familiar way with symptoms of the core problem but not the core itself , and thus tends to obscure the essence of “ why they hate us . ”
There are over 1.2 BILLION Muslims in the world , many of whom watch nightly TV coverage of the violence resulting from U.S. military and political support for Israel ( including , for example , Washington ’s acquiescence in the brutal Israeli attacks on civilians in Gaza one year ago ) and from U.S. actions in Iraq , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Yemen , and elsewhere .
And what is the puerile approach taken by not only the politicians but also by the clueless amateurs who now lead the intelligence community :
No problem , they say .
Technology permits us to build a database of one billion names …. easy !
Right .
And how to find needles in that haystack .
Easy ?
A database of “ only ” 550,000 names did not prevent the Abdulmutallab caper , did it ?
Can the prevailing vacuum - up - everything - and - follow - every - lead attitude be chalked up to pure adolescent - type inexperience , innocence , incompetence ?
Not pure — not by a long shot .
One has to ask Cui Bono ?
Who profits ?
It is so painfully obvious .
Here , in microcosm , is an example of what Eisenhower warned of when he coined “ military - industrial complex . ”
Cui bono ?
Think the contractors who create marvelous databases — and the mindset of : the - more - contractors - and - databases - the - merrier .
Think also of snake - oil salesmen like former Justice Department and Homeland Security guru Michael Chertoff , who could not resist the temptation over the past several days to keep hawking on TV the full - body scanners marketed by one of the Chertoff Group ’s clients .
2 – Has the new intelligence bureaucracy created after the Sept. 11th attacks functioned correctly ?
How could it be improved , or was it a good idea to create it ?
The creation of the post of Director of National Intelligence , the National Counterterrorism Center , and the 170,000 - person Department of Homeland Security was the mother of all misguided panaceas .
Bear in mind that the general election of 2004 was just months away when the 9/11 report was published , and lawmakers and administration functionaries desperately needed to be seen to be DOING SOMETHING .
And , as is almost always the case in such circumstances , they made things considerably worse .
The 9/11 Commissioners had been fretting over the fact that , in their words , “ No one was in charge of coordination among intelligence agencies . ”
That was true , but only because George Tenet preferred to cavort with foreign potentates and thugs , than to do the job of Director of Central Intelligence ( DCI ) .
It was not a systemic problem , but one of personal irresponsibility .
Ignoring that , a new systemic “ solution ” was sought , and implemented , where none was needed .
By statute , the Director of Central Intelligence was responsible precisely for coordinating the work of the entire intelligence community , as the principal intelligence adviser to the President ( National Security Act of 1947 ) .
This , indeed , was the main reason why Truman created the Central Intelligence Agency and put the DCI in charge not only of the CIA but gave the DCI wider — and equally important intelligence community - wide responsibilities .
The idea was to prevent another Pearl Harbor , where bits and pieces of intelligence lay around with the code - breakers , the Navy , the Army Air Corps , the FBI , Embassy Tokyo , the people monitoring Radio Tokyo , etc. , etc. with no central place where analysts could be in receipt of and consider all the evidence .
It was abundantly clear to Truman that , had there been such a place in 1941 , adequate forewarning of the Japanese attack would have been a no - brainer .
As for the situation obtaining in the Washington bureaucracies in 2004 , this personal vignette , I believe , speaks volumes :
On the day the 9/11 Commission Report was issued BBC - TV had scheduled me for comment on it , minutes after its release , at the BBC bureau in Washington .
I drove home the amazing point that NO ONE , NO ONE , NOT ONE SOLITARY SOUL WAS BEING HELD ACCOUNTABLE !
As I left the TV studio for the outer room , in walked 9/11 Commissioners Jamie Gorelick and former Sen.
Slade Gorton , R - Washington , to present their own commentary to BBC viewers .
Gorelick went right into the studio ; I took advantage of being one - on - one with Sen. Gorton .
“ Sen. Gorton , ” I asked , “ I do n’t quite understand all this talk alleging that ‘ No one is in charge of the intelligence community . ’
You are surely aware that , by act of Congress , there is such a person , and right now that happens to be Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet . ”
The avuncular Gorton tiptoed up to me , put his right hand around my shoulder , and with a conspiratorial whisper said , “ Yes , Ray , of course I know that .
We all know that .
But George would not take charge ; he would not do what he was supposed to . ”
True , this was hardly news to me , but coming from a 9/11 Commissioner ?
I was about to respond with something like , “ So you need to create another layer , a superstructure over existing arrangements , to address that problem ? ”
But , as it happened , just then the BBC studio door opened , Gorelick emerged , and Horton went in .
Gorelick was too busy to answer the question I had posed to Horton .
The new Director of National Intelligence ?
This post , created by the post - 9/11 “ reforms , ” was / is totally unnecessary — and counterproductive — as was entirely predictable .
As my former CIA colleague Mel Goodman has written , the DNI superstructure has actually been very destructive of good intelligence … in more ways than I have space to go into here .
The fact that no National Intelligence Estimate has been completed on Afghanistan and Pakistan , for example , is unconscionable .
Were the generals and admirals afraid that CIA analysts might come up with politically incorrect judgments ?
The National Counterterrorism Center ?
Also unnecessary ; a benighted idea .
The recent attempt by Mr. Abdulmutallab to bring down a Detroit - bound Northwest Airlines flight speaks volumes about the NCTC ’s effectiveness and the kind of leadership exercised by John Brennan — a clone of George Tenet .
We are told that Brennan is supposed to coordinate things at the National Security Council ... or is Director of National Intelligence Admiral Blair supposed to do that ? …. or Panetta ? ... or Janet Napolitano , secretary of the Department of Homeland Security ? ... or maybe the FBI ? ……… ugh .
Can you tolerate still more ?
This just in .
None other than John Brennan is to lead a full and thorough investigation into how the people under his general aegis screwed up regarding the Abdulmutallab affair .
I do not often quote Ollie North , but “ Is this a great country , or what ! ”
As for the Department of Homeland Security … just look , if you will , at what has happened to the Secret Service , not to mention FEMA and Katrina .
Double ugh .
3 – What one reform would you recommend that might improve information sharing among agencies working to prevent terrorist attacks ?
HOLD ACCOUNTABLE THOSE RESPONSIBLE .
More “ reform ” is the last thing we need .
Sorry , but we DO have to look back .
The most effective step would be to release the CIA Inspector General report on intelligence community performance prior to 9/11 .
That investigation was run by , and its report was prepared by an honest man , it turns out .
It was immediately suppressed by then - Acting DCI John McLaughlin — another Tenet clone — and McLaughin ’s successors as director , Porter Goss , Michael Hayden , and now Leon Panetta .
Accountability is key .
If there is no accountability , there is total freedom to screw up , and screw up royally , without any thought of possible personal consequences .
Not only is it certain that we will face more terrorist attacks , but the keystone - cops nature of recent intelligence operations …. whether in using cell phones in planning kidnappings in Italy , or in allowing suicide bombers access to CIA bases in Taliban - infested eastern Afghanistan …. will continue .
Not to mention the screw - up in the case of Abdulmutallab .
Sadly , instead of accountability , there is likely to be misguided — and counterproductive — vengeance .
After all , the word in Langley is “ seven of ours ” have now been killed .
Anonymous intelligence officials are already warning openly about payback !
Was n’t that the base human instinct , the revenge factor played on so deftly by President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney to “ justify ” invading Afghanistan — and then Iraq — after 9/11 .
From Coleen Rowley : Launching PR “ wars ” on terrorism , drugs , crime , poverty , etc. misleads the average person into believing that these ills can be totally conquered or eliminated .
In reality , even if the experts were so enlightened / lucky as to make no mistakes and do everything right , it ’s only possible to reduce the frequency of such adverse things .
It IS possible to make terrorist plots less likely to succeed but NOT possible to prevent them all .
It is much harder for the counter - terrorist experts to prevent terrorist plots when , under the law of unintended consequences , U.S. foreign policy contributes to a marked increase in the number of potential terrorists — as it undoubtedly has .
The level of terrorism in the world has increased dramatically since 9/11 .
So a starting place would be to find out where we are now , as compared to 2001 .
The unrealistic expectation of “ winning ” a “ war ” against terrorism — that is , preventing all terrorist acts — merely opens the door to crazy “ destroy - the - village - to - save - it ” kind of actions that result in squaring the error .
Such actions radicalize greater and greater numbers of people and create still more “ terrorists . ”
Fear - based expectations also open the door to : ( 1 ) Reckless “ pre-emptive ” actions based on mere guesswork , hunches , or prior agendas ; ( 2 ) A penchant for fusing agencies , creating multi-agency “ centers , ” and re-naming bureaucracies — all without much thought to finding out what went awry , who was responsible , holding people accountable , and fixing problems ; and ( 3 ) A surge in the fast growing “ Surveillance - Security Complex , ” a highly lucrative business now rivaling the Military Industrial Complex itself .
“ Total Information Awareness ” - type programs are a sales trick that brings dividends only to the contractor / creators .
Projects involving billions of pieces of private communications and other data that are vacuumed up and put into newly created , massive databases of individuals are a fool ’s errand .
No matter how sophisticated or exotic , they are not likely to succeed in helping find needles in haystacks that are constantly fed more hay .
Not this decade , anyway .
Keystone Cops and Barney Fife responses are not funny in real life .
One only laughs at such travesty for psychological release .
The reality is that , in real life , these truly counter - productive responses — creatures of arrogance , ignorance , and excessive fear — are no laughing matter .
No meaningful fixes are possible without accountability for mistakes or wrongdoing .
Equally important , those witnessing innocent mistakes and worse problems must be able to avail themselves of some kind of job protection , should they summon enough courage to blow the whistle .
Sadly , no “ whistleblower protection ” now exists .
Thus there is no antidote to the secrecy and job - jeopardy regularly invoked to muzzle employees who witness fraud , waste , abuse , and illegal acts .
In recent years , these have included heinous behavior like torture , kidnapping , and illegal eavesdropping , as well as untold amounts of misfeasance and other malfeasance that create serious threats and risks to public safety .
Ray McGovern and Coleen Rowley are members of the Steering Group of Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity ( VIPS ) .
Rowley , a FBI special agent for almost 24 years , was legal counsel to the FBI Field Office in Minneapolis from 1990 to 2003 .
She came to national attention in June 2002 , when she testified before Congress about serious lapses before 9/11 that helped account for the failure to prevent the attacks .
She now writes and speaks on ethical decision - making and on balancing civil liberties with the need for effective investigation .
McGovern , a former Army infantry / intelligence officer , and then a CIA analyst for 27 years , now works with Tell the Word , the publishing arm of the ecumenical Church of the Saviour in inner-city Washington .
During his CIA career he served under nine Directors of Central Intelligence and in all four of the CIA ’s chief directorates .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Hello friends !
Are you ready for more all - go no - stop Prop 8 action ?
I hope so , because today is the day that our homophobe BFF Dr. Hak - Sing
Tam gets up behind the witness stand , and we are all pretty freaking pumped about that .
Are you ready ?
Get ready !
First of all , some news : while we ’re on the subject of California , it turns out that they have to elect a new governor eventually , and this is important .
Rich and obnoxious person Meg Whitman has announced that she ’s willing to spend more than $ 100 million on her own campaign , and guess what , she is a total h8er .
If elected , she will put all her cold hard cash money towards eliminating marriage equality and probs every other right she can .
So let ’s make sure that does n’t happen , ok guys ?
Take it from someone who lives in Massachusetts and now has to look at Scott Brown ’s face all the time , GET OUT AND VOTE IT IS IMPORTANT .
Also today we found this really amazing website and took a bunch of their cartoons .
YOU WILL SEE THESE CARTOONS .
Also , in funnier news , we ’ve been tipped off to a fantastic Open Letter to Andy Pugno in which the author , a sassy and awesome twice - divorced woman , makes a lot of excellent points about how Prop 8 devalues not only same - sex relationships but divorced ones , and that she ( and a lot of other “ children of divorce , ” including me ) can testify that “ intact ” heterosexual homes are not necessarily safe , or supportive , or good for children – that a heteronormative family full of tension and misery and stagnation is worse for kids than a happy , stable homo one :
“ They were divorced .
Damn them and their selfishness , refusing to stay together for the children …
My brother , sister and I all graduated Summa Cum Laude from Nimitz High School in Houston , Texas ( with little sis eeking out a class rank of 7th ahead of my brother ’s and my kindred score of 9th in our class years … the pipsqueak ) and equal honors from college .
I went off to college on a full scholarship .
My brother is currently pursing his Masters in Psychology and my sister a Masters in Library Science ( in addition to being an ordained Lutheran Children ’s Minister ) . ”
And then she offers to give Andy Pugno a blowjob on national television if he is able to prove that “ heterosexual couples are able to feel and live with love more deeply than two people of the same sex . ”
HOLLER .
Last time on Judgment Daze : Ex - gay camp did n’t work for Ryan Kendall , and Gary Segura explained how we do n’t all have big apartments like Will & Grace .
Actually I kinda do n’t wanna recap it for you ’cause it was kinda important and you should just read it OKAY I ’M TIRED BUT I LOVE YOU .
Part One :
One : Yep , They Like Gays
We are starting off a little anticlimactically because the h8ers , who are good at h8ing but not so much at time management , were not able to finish The Longest Cross - Examination In Recorded History yesterday , and need to talk to Professor Segura again .
h8 Er Thompson : May I approach the witness ?
Judge : More binders , eh ?
Yes .
More binders .
This is like my last internship .
Thompson starts out by talking about , I think , how popular certain politicians who opposed Proposition 8 are – Senator Feinstein , Obama ( ??? ) , Clinton , Boxer …
I think the point here is that “ gay people are popular and beloved , they have many friends , homophobia did not exist and did not drive this vote . ”
Sounds like someone is a little jealous he did n’t have a fabulous gay male friend in high school to help him pick out his tux for prom , just saying .
Thompson : Stars , like Ellen DeGeneres and Brad Pitt , opposed 8 ?
Segura : Ellen DeGeneres is like a political party in that she is part of the class that is under question here .
Write that one down on the “ pros ” side of being queer .
“ Stated support of Brad Pitt . ”
Got it .
Can we make a rule that if you ’ve already said it in court , you ca n’t say it again because it ’s boring ?
Or if you ’ve already said it three times ?
They are going over the same things about how 127 different rabbis and 47 chapters of Unitarian Universalists opposed Prop 8 , and how California is easier to live in than West Virginia for queers … it ’s like they ’re going for a quantity over quality thing , like even if their point does n’t make sense the judge might believe it if they say it enough times .
Whatever , Thompson , I ’m so over this I ’m going to scroll past it .
Now it gets a little more interesting as Thompson is trying to directly undermine Segura ’s point that , you know , Prop 8 was a majority voting on the rights of a minority and that shit ’s not okay .
He ’s still wrong , but he ’s on the right track in that it would be a big deal if he were actually able to prove this .
But he ’s not !
Thompson : [ Reads from Dall ’s book suggesting that majorities are inherently unstable . ]
That ’s the protection against the Madisonian concern about tyranny of the majority .
Do n’t you see that the majority is not monolithic and some are in favor of ss marriage like in New Hampshire ?
( Dahl or Dall is the authority on majoritarianism cited many times yesterday and part of S ’s main education . ]
[ I wish it was Roald Dahl and we could segue into James and the Giant Peach ] [ SEE ILLUSTRATION ]
Segura :
You miss the point .
One of the critiques of Dall ’s pluralist theories is that there are some majorities that do not fade , that Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is not real , and that they do not break down , theyt persist for a long time such as the majority opposed to gay rights and even what happened with African - Amrerican people– that took an exceedingly long time .
You ’re taking this paragraph out of context .
Someone give this dude a class on structures of power in the US !
This is n’t actually that dumb an argument , I feel like there are a lot of people who believe this .
But the truth is that while some opinions change ( sweater sets are in style , and then later out of style ) ( are skinny jeans out of style yet ) there are some systems of power and domination that are so deeply ingrained into American culture and sometimes global culture ( like racism , like misogyny ) that if they change at all they have to erode slowly , like large mountains of homophobia .
In the 1300s women were n’t supposed to read or be educated ; the first institute of higher education for women in America did n’t open until 1836 .
That ’s 500 years .
Slavery in America officially ended in 1865 ; black women were still being sterilized against their will in Montgomery , Alabama in 1973 .
It ’s true that social institutions and opinions can change , but I ’m going to side with Prof .
Segura here and that in between now and Boys Do n’t Cry , there has n’t been a landslide of difference .
Now we ’re talking about religion again – Thompson is repeating over and over that religion may have motivated voters , which seems dumb considering all the time we ’ve already spent establishing how bad religion is for homos .
I think the point is that he ’s trying to say not all religions hate homos , and so some people who voted based on religious principles could have voted “ no ” – like OMG HE MENTIONED QUAKERS :
Thompson : 100 % of Quakers ?
Segura :
All three of them , yes .
Ok sorry that was only funny to me .
[ Riese Sidenote : I am 1 part quaker , 1 part native american & 2 parts jewish and i love gay people , and it was funny to me too , i love the oats ]
Now Thompson wants to talk about “ vandalism and violence in campaigns … ” he manages to find a video of a little old lady with bruises on her face who says that her neighbor gave them to her after she put a Yes on 8 sign on her lawn .
Did that actually happen ?
If so , I am going to go ahead and say that is because her neighbor is crazy , not because he is gay .
Who beats up old ladies ?
Crazy people , not gay people .
He also has a report that someone was assaulted for handing out Yes on 8 signs at his church and then had his signs stolen , but apparently the source for this is ProtectMarriage.com , so … make what you will of that .
The judge makes a really interesting point ( Does anyone else really kind of like Judge Walker , or is it just me ? ) when he compares the alleged violence of the Prop 8 opposition to the violence associated with the civil rights movement :
Judge Walker : Just occurred to me since Thompson is exploring this line of questioning , have you considered the riots and vandalism and other inappropriate behavior associated with the civil rights movement and associated largely with blacks and how that affected civil rights movement ?
Segura : Yes .
Any form of violence or disorderly behavior has a negative impact on the public .
Non-violent protests play better .
That said , it is conceivable that such outbursts may serve the long - term impact of the group .
Eg , post - Rodney - King violence that spurred “ Rebuild LA ” that brought about investment in south LA .
I ’m not endorsing such acts , but there are times when such acts express powerlessness .
Ultimately , Segura says he would be wary of taking the analogy that the alleged “ violence ” is an oppressed group reclaiming power too far , because there ’s also been a ton of violence ( pretty much definitely more ) perpetrated against queers than by them .
“ The Heritage Foundation reports that violence against Prop. 8 is intellectually dishonest because it did not take into account any acts against the NO side .
We know there were over 100 hate crimes reported in 2008 . ”
This is a good point , but overall the cross is sucking because Thompson is just pointing out instances of “ aggression ” against h8ers over and over and forcing Segura to say every time “ yes , that does not sound very nice . ”
Is he trying to make gays sound mean ?
Or just trying to be a jerk to Segura ?
I ’m voting for the latter , because Thompson seems like a total jerk .
He snidely asks the definition of “ hate crime , ” and then plays thisclip from The O’Reily Show :
“… he brings on 21 - year - old guest who is Christian ( named Christine Cloud ) who plays Christian music and has been doing so in Castro for three years .
We do n’t stop people .
“ Are you trying to convert from being gay to straight ? ”
“ No , but we are hoping they ’ll accept Jesus Christ and have that revelation . ”
“ We wanted to be sensitive to these people .
We were singing Amazing Grace .
A man took my bible , and hit me upside the head with my bible .
He knocked me on my back and kicked me . ”
The police arrested the guy , but I said I would not press charges .
I said that I forgive you . ”
O’Reilly tries to say that the police should have arrested him .
She says the police did not see crime .
“ I do n’t know if we are going to be back .
We are going to use wisdom , we know it is a politically charged situation . ”
BO : “ You turned the other cheek . ”
I ’m sorry , but maybe you ’re just a bad guitar player ?
Okay , look , I do n’t mean to be a bitch , but the truth is that while it ’s really sad that someone attacked you , it ’s not a hate crime .
You ca n’t be hate crimed .
In the same way that being mean to a white person ca n’t be racist , being mean to a straight person ca n’t be a hate crime – hate crimes refer to when violence is done to a group because they are part of a reviled and socially undesirable group of people .
Hate crimes spring out of generations of systematic oppression ; they are part of longstanding and deeply held prejudicial beliefs held by entire cultures .
The fact that a drunk queer “ hates ” hearing Amazing Grace off - key does not make this a “ hate crime . ”
[ I AM GOING TO LEAVE YOU WITH A FEW MOMENTS OF SILENCE TO THINK ABOUT THIS .
this is cyber - silence .
thank you ]
So .
Thompson is trying to make this sound like we are the mean alcoholic abusive stepfather of America , like anything bad that happens to us is our own fault because we keep smacking people all over the place .
A ) this is not true , we are nice people
B ) I do n’t recall anything bad ever happening to straight people for shoving us into lockers or beating us up in the parking lot or outside of bars , and
C ) this is dumb , stop it .
Other things that dumb and you should stop : trying to act like we are at The Top Of The Pyramid because the government funds AIDS research .
That ’s not because we ’re gay , it ’s because along with a ton of straight people ; we ’re dying , you coldhearted misanthrope .
The fact that 40 states have the right for gay adoption also does n’t prove that we ’re “ politically powerful ” – having basic human rights does not mean you are a Fat Cat .
I NEED THIS CROSS - EXAMINATION TO BE DONE RIGHT NOW ok , good , it is !
Redirect !
We go ahead and establish right away that the fact that gays have boycotted anti-gay supporters does not mean we are “ politically powerful , ” it in fact means the opposite as it puts us in a boat with Rosa Parks and Cesar Chavez and a lot of people who are awesome , but def disenfranchised .
As for the “ violence and vandalism ” against h8ers – “ Individuals sometimes behave badly .
Individuals whose emotions run high frequently behave badly .
Not endorsed or supported by No campaign … idea that lots of people changed their minds from no to yes on 8 because of vandalism is almost impossible .
Some might have , but not enough could have . ”
Thank you !
And finally , finally we are looking at the numbers of hate crimes perpetrated against gay people during the Prop 8 campaign – I ’m going to guess that it ’s larger than the number of old ladies with mean neighbors .
Yup , it is .
And now , OMG you guys , now they play the Gathering Storm video !
Yes !
Thompson objects , but Walker says it is “ at least as relevant as Bill O’Reilly . ”
Word .
Segura watches the video with everyone else , and then confirms that it contains like a million “ references to fear , children , churches facing government repression , gays and lesbians as serious threat to all sorts of aspects of public life . ”
He does n’t say that it ’s hilarious , but we ’re all thinking it .
We talk about how no matter how many Quakers , Reform Jews and Unitarian Universalists hold up rainbow signs at Pride parades , religious organizations still pose a huge obstacle for us .
The bottom line of the redirect and Prof .
Segura ’s entire testimony is this one question :
Are queers politically powerful or politically powerless ?
Here ’s what he says :
“ Even though Mr. Thompson pointed out there are gay and lesbian pols and pols in CA that support gays and lesbians , does not show power .
Protections that stop at a county or state line are hardly protections at all .
Need to look at layers of government .
I do mind experiment that says , “ Imagine that gays and lesbians are powerful . ”
I survey the world and see FBI report that says that gays and lesbians are 70 % of hate - inspired murder .
Are they still powerful ?
Possibly . 29 states do not protect gays and lesbians .
Powerful ?
Possibly .
Could I look at 150 ballot measures that gays lose 70 % of time .
Powerful ?
Presumably .
Could I see constitutional prohibitions for gays and conclude they are powerful ?
Yes .
I could not draw the conclusion that gays and lesbians are powerful by looking at all of these factors .
“ That would be the political science equivalent of malpractice . ”
That ’s the last word from Professor Segura !
You did great , we love you , Professor Segura !
Do you know whose turn it is now ?
Do you ?
IT ’S MR .
TAM .
SO EXCITED .
Part Two :
Tam Time
You guys !
Mr. Hak - Sing
Tam is the guy who was an official supporter of Proposition 8 and part of this lawsuit on the defense side , but recently said he wanted to pull out altogether because he was afraid of repercussions , like vandalism and violence .
But seriously witness his testimony and tell me if you do n’t believe this guy could probs hallucinate violence and vandalism .
But , as our boy Boies says , “ Tam can not join a case , litigate it and then decide to get out . ”
Now he has to testify , and I ’m a little excited because I think this guy might be IS DEFO crazy .
From the first few minutes of testimony , it appears that that might be true !
Boies :
You supervised the language of Prop .
8 ?
Tam : I ’m not sure what “ supervise ” means .
Boies : Look at the declaration in which Tam says he supervised the appropriate language for Prop .
8 .
He also says that he did n’t write his declaration regarding Prop 8 , but that ProtectMarriage wrote it for him and had him sign it .
Interesting !
That ’s how I lost all my Precious Moments Dolls in my most recent divorce .
That bitch I swear .
Some more ProtectMarriage fun facts : they told Tam when to start collecting signatures for his campaign , told him to send letters regarding Prop 8 to pastors he knew … this is hard to follow , mostly because it seems like talking to Mr. Tam is a lot like talking to my grandma .
He is confused by every question , and his lawyers interrupt virtually every question to slow down the process .
Boies : I think I already asked him , but I ’ll ask again .
Is this partial listing of coalition of groups working with ProtectMarriage.com to pass Prop .
8 ?
Tam : I believe so , but it ’s their website ?
Boies :
If necessary , I can take you through these one at a time .
Focus on Family part of coalition supporting Prop . 8 ?
Tam : I believe so .
I really do n’t know why they put these names this list .
You have to ask them .
Boies : I asked you if the Family Research Council was one of the organizations that supported Prop .
8 ? Yes .
No. I do n’t know .
Family research council was an organization that was listed with your organization as working together to support Prop .
8 .
Tam : Could be .
Next he will ask someone to get him some instant coffee and toast , and to turn up the volume on that home design show .
Boies shows us and Tam a lot of documents from as early as October 2007 to show that Tam was integral to Prop 8 from the very beginning , but Tam apparently does not remember any of them because “ his memory is fuzzy . ”
Fuzzy ?
Also , emails that were addressed to him as part of the leadership of ProtectMarriage were only written that way “ to be nice . ”
I genuinely can’t tell if this guy is being misleading on purpose , or if he is just a super confused old dude .
Either way , I would not say he is a flattering asset to the Prop 8 side .
In fact ; I might say that he is one of the worst possible people to be representing them right now .
Clearly Fred Phelps is busy outside with his signs and stuff .
Either way , Boies has started reminding him each question of answers he gave before , just in case he ’s forgotten .
Which is likely due to fuzzy memory .
Probs from smoking too much pot , which happens to all of us .
Also , whenever we actually get to read the text of emails without having the h8ers redact them because of “ attorney - client privilege , ” it appears that Mr. Tam is very confused in them as well – “ who is Brian Brown and why is he speaking for us ? ”
Now we ’re getting down to some of Mr. Tam ’s beliefs about gay people – which , if you will recall from earlier , include child prostitution ?
He says he supports civil unions , “ has n’t come to a conclusion ” on gay adoption , but believes firmly that the next generation should “ understand the meaning of marriage , ” because “ this is very important for the stability of Asian families . ”
I do n’t belong to an Asian family , but if I did , I feel like I would be pissed that this guy does n’t think we can withstand Ellen and Portia ’s wedding .
He also confirms that he is part of the website onemanonewoman.net , which is run by the America Return To God Prayer Movement ( catchy ! ) .
This site exhibits Mr. Tam ’s apparent belief that homosexuality leads to pedophilia , but in his defense , Mr. Tam is quoted as saying that bestiality “ is not related to homosexuality . ”
Give the man a round of applause !
Also , he ’s crazy .
Boies : [ Reads : ]
“ Homosexuals are 12 times more likely to molest children . ”
Is it appropriate for your organization to tell people that ?
Tam : Which organization ?
Boies :
The organization of which you are the secretary that puts out this website !
Tam : Yes .
From what we see here , those are not the statements of the organization .
Those are just links to other websites .
My position is that if there is something like this that people want to read about , the organization has the right to link it .
Boies :
You are not just “ linking . ”
Your website says that homosexuals are 12 times more likely to molest children .
Tam :
It ’s in that website .
It ’s not from the organization .
Boies : Mr. Tam , this is print out from your website !
Seriously , Tam , come on now .
Would you say “ it ’s just linkng ” if your son linked an AIM chat to Manhunt ?
I think not .
This is ridic times a billion .
[ Sidenote I HATE THAT PAPERCLIP he never knows what I want , just like my ex-boyfriend , like do you want me to do it really fast and hard and then fall asleep YES PLEASE THANK YOU PAPERCLIP I WOULD LIKE A RESUME TEMPLATE ]
This would be hilarious if it were n’t , you know , our lives at stake .
Actually , you know what , it is still kind of hilarious .
Also , this :
Boies :
Do you believe that homosexuals are more likely to molest children ?
Tam :
Yes , I do .
Boies : Based on what ?
Tam : From academic papers .
Boies : Which academic papers ?
Tam :
Some could be news and some could be journalists .
Boies : I ’m not asking you what it could be .
Was it a book ?
An article ?
Who wrote it ?
Tam : I do n’t remember .
I do n’t know .
Special side note : Rick Jacobs describes his feelings at this point as “ nauseated . ”
Girl , do n’t I know it .
Guys , I ’m going to be honest , it gets really crazy here .
Part Three :
WHAT THE FRICKIN ’ FRACK
Boies is having Tam repeat every crazy - ass homophobic belief that was previously described in court , and even though I guess we already knew this stuff it ’s pretty chilling to hear someone say it out loud like it ’s no big .
UNDER OATH .
David Boies ( B ) : You say here that if we lose Prop. 8 “ they ” will lose no time to push the gay agenda ?
William Tam : Yes .
They will .
David Boies :
You said that you thought Prop. 8 would lead to legalizing prostitution .
Why ?
Tam : Measure K in San Francisco .
I saw some homosexuals hanging around there .
Boies :
You know that Measure K has nothing to do with Prop .
8 .
Tam : Yes .
Boies :
You told people that after Prop 8 , legalizing sex with children will be next .
That ’s the homosexual agenda .
Do you believe this ?
Tam : Yes .
Boies :
You said that if Prop. 8 passes , California will fall into Satan ’s hands .
Tam :
Yes , I said that .
I mean , I guess I did n’t expect him to lie , but … really ?
Really ?
I feel so naive , but how can you say this with a straight face in front of hundreds of people without shame ?
CAN SOMEONE GET THIS MAN A DOCTOR ?
Boies is going through documents and articles attributed both to Tam and to the religious organization of which he is secretary – every time , Tam insists that he did n’t write them , which is pretty amazing in terms of sheer boldness – it was on your website , dude !
Your website called “ BillTam.org ! ”
Who are we supposed to think wrote it ?
I take that back about how he sounds like my grandma , my grandma makes way more sense than this .
Now he ’s talking about how he knows that sexual orientation can be changed because he saw it on NARTH ’s website – that was the same organization that our homeboy Ryan Kendall got forcibly conversion - therapied by , as we learned yesterday .
Mr. Tam confirms that NARTH is an objective and reliable source , and that he saw no reason to check what the American Psychological Association says about this practice .
HELP US , JESUS .
Then , there ’s this :
Tam : Homosexuals are not a minority .
Boies :
How many are there ?
Tam : I am a minority .
Minority is based on skin color .
You know what Tam ?
There are a ton … I mean it … A TON … of people with your “ skin color ” ( I mean , also , “ minority is based on skin color ” ?
Did this guy totally miss out on the Politically Correct Revolution ? ) who are ALSO GAY .
Can you imagine what THEIR LIVES MUST BE LIKE ?
ihateyousomuch
You know , maybe my mind will change after reading more of this , but this seems more sad to me than anything .
I feel like Tam really believes what he ’s saying , maybe more so than anyone else on the Prop 8 side – that may be partly because he ’s crazy , but it seems pretty clear that this was also what he ’s been taught for a long time – maybe from his church , maybe from his parents , but either way , it ’s like watching a train wreck happen to hear him talk .
According to his website , William Tam has a PhD .
What does it say about America if you can get a PhD and not learn any better than this ?
How does this even happen ?
Tam is alternately confirming and having no idea that he ever attended Prop 8 rallies , sent out emails about them , knew speakers on the subject , or wrote flyers on them .
So confusing !
Sometimes , though , we get isolated moments of clarity , and usually some real gems :
Boies : Second document which is from 1 man1 woman dot net , more specific .
Says that if same sex marriage passes it will lead to incest , pedophilia and polygamy .
Do you agree with that ?
Tam : Yes .
Boies :
That ’s what you told people to get them to vote for Prop .
8 ?
Tam : Yes .
Okay then !
Other things Mr. Tam has told people to get them to vote for Prop 8 : that after same - sex marriage was legalized in the Netherlands , they went ahead to legalize incest and polygamy .
He said that !
Boies :
Who told you that ?
Tam : I found it on the Internet .
I did not write this that polygamy was legalized in 2005 .
Boies : You put it out there to convince people to vote for Prop .
8 . Did you ever look up the law ?
Tam :
Yes , there was different documents that shows that ’s true .
Boies :
So after Netherlands legalized same sex marriage , legalized polygamy and incest .
Tam : I ’m not sure about incest .
That may have been legal before same sex marriage passed .
Part Four :
WHAT THE FRICKIN FRACK FOR REAL
I DO NOT THINK THIS COULD GET ANY CRAZIER .
Seriously , I thought I knew how crazy the other side was , BUT I DID NOT KNOW HOW CRAZY THE OTHER SIDE WAS .
Why are we still having a trial ?
Why does it not end right here , after a leader of ProtectMarriage.org admits that he lied to voters and told them that incest was legal in the Netherlands ?
Like , what else is there to say ?
Can anyone even tell me what this means ?
“ The name of marriage is so important .
If marriage is not limited to above the age of 18 , our children will fantasize about marrying either a man or a woman .
To us parents , you may say that I ’m a paranoid Chinese parent , and I get very upset about that .
However , if DP we can exchange to our children that some sex people want to live committed life together , it ’s very easy to understand .
But if you mix up the sexes with marriage , it ’s confusing . ”
This is like trying to talk to a space alien .
Is Tam a real person ?
I think a lot of paranoid Chinese parents would take offense to this .
Seriously .
Dude ; there are tons of Chinese parents out there paranoid — as many parents are these days — that crazy shit is gonna happen to their kids .
But it ’s got nothing at all to do with the crazy - ass shit you ’re talking about in a court of law .
This is nutso .
This is worse than the craziest sexting - multiple - personalities - high - school - sex - ring - involving - Stabler ’s - kid episode of Law & Order : SVU ever .
Boies : [ You understand that ] just as children of you and your wife benefit from knowing you are married , that the children of gays and lesbians will benefit from knowing that their parents are married ?
Tam : No .
Boies :
You do n’t think children want their parents to marry ?
Tam : [ Laughs ] … I do n’t know what they are trying to get at .
OH I DON ’T KNOW YOUR SOUL ?
To ProtectMarriage ’s credit , they apparently tried to stop Mr. Tam when he independently contacted newspapers to say that “ same sex marriage can lead to all kinds of diseases , ” but to be honest that does n’t make any of this testimony any less f*cking insane .
They apparently did not ask him to retract his statement that homosexuals are twelve times more likely to molest children , so .
Basically , Boies is making the point that while some of the batshit crazy shit Tam said was more or less on his own , ProtectMarriage was aware of his views and worked with him anyways , while all of Tam ’s material was still available for viewers and voters .
[ This kinda reminds me of the McCain / Palin campaign ]
I think Prop 8 is about to try to deny this in their own examination of Tam , but I would n’t be excited about it if I were them .
I mean , the Prop 8 lawyer is n’t doing a terrible job – it ’s true that Tam worked most closely with Prop 8 during the “ petition phase , ” it ’s true that he did n’t draft the language of the actual bill .
But you know what ?
He said that homosexuals were 12 times more likely than heteros to molest children , and that they caused incest .
There is just not a whole lot that they ’re going to be able to do about that .
It ’s frustrating that during the examination by his own side , Tam ’s nearly debilitating confusion is suddenly gone – we went from “ I wrote a flyer ?
I never wrote a flyer .
What are fliers ? ” to “ No , nothing I ever said was on behalf of ProtectMarriage.org . ”
Whatever , dude , you ’re still crazy .
Now we ’re back to Boies !
It turns out there are actually like a million documents with Tam ’s name on them from ProtectMarriage.org after “ the petition phase , ” so that part was made up .
I am having a hard time paying any attention to the details of this because , um , THIS GUY IS CRAY - CRAY .
When asked if he was involved in any of the Proposition 8 ads , because the organization he works for clearly was , Tam says “ I ’m Chinese and I do n’t know that I would have to face a lawyer one day to talk about this . ”
I do n’t even know what to say about that .
If you think your grasp of English and American culture is slippery enough that you do n’t understand legal proceedings , it is perhaps a mistake to get involved in the passing of a legal document that will affect thousands of people ’s lives in a deeply invasive way .
And if the people you ’re working with do n’t have the decency to tell you that this could go to court , do you really want to work with them ?
And similarly , the way you are referring to your ethnicity as an excuse for irresponsibility is really , really , really , really , really deeply offensive .
You ’re insulting gay people and Chinese people , and therefore you are really insulting gay Chinese people , and therefore you ’re the weakest link and stuff fo ’real .
Do n’t you wish they kept score ?
I keep wanting to know if we ’re winning , you know ?
No .
You do n’t know .
And neither do I! EXACTLY .
And that ’s it !
With that one last confusing and concerning statement , we have had our Mr. Tam time for the day .
I do n’t even know if he was a defense witness and if their turn has officially started ; I honestly have no idea what is going on .
Did you notice how ALL OF THAT WAS F*CKING CRAZY ?
Get lots of sleep tonight , you guys , because if the next few days are as ridiculous and emotionally exhausting as this one , we will need it .
Tune in next time for Prop 8 Trial Day9 , now with an added bottle of wine !
JD Salinger , author of Catcher In The Rye , dies at 91
Salinger 's Catcher In The Rye attracted a cult following American novelist JD Salinger , author of classic 20th Century book The Catcher In The Rye , has died aged 91 .
The reclusive writer died of natural causes at his home in the state of New Hampshire , his son said .
The Catcher In The Rye , first published in 1951 , is a tale of teenage angst .
It has become one of the most influential American novels of the modern era .
Soon after its publication , Salinger shunned the fame it brought and became a recluse for the rest of his life .
The son of a Jewish businessman and Scots - Irish mother , Jerome David Salinger was born in New York and grew up in Manhattan .
He enjoyed early success in the 1940s with the publication of numerous short stories in magazines , among them the New Yorker .
THE CATCHER IN THE RYE First published in 1951 Sold more than 60 million copies in several languages Cited by John Lennon 's killer Mark Chapman as inspiration for his crime
Obituary : JD Salinger
But he is best known for The Catcher In The Rye , which quickly became a bible of teenage dissent in America and a staple of college English courses .
Author and literary director of the prestigious Booker Prize , Ion Trewin said : " It 's interesting how one book can really become an institution .
It has meant so much to several generations , particularly young people ...
" What he will be remembered for is one of the most remarkable books about growing up .
I think everybody identifies in some way with it . "
Almost immediately after Catcher was published , Salinger became disillusioned with the publishing industry .
In 1953 , he bought a house at Cornish , New Hampshire , and retreated into seclusion , giving a rare and final interview in 1980 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Last year , Salinger took legal action to block the publication of a book by a Swedish author entitled 60 Years Later : Coming Through the Rye that was billed as a follow - up to his classic novel .
He has taken legal action to protect his copyright on previous occasions , but has never appeared in court .
He has also refused numerous requests to adapt Catcher In The Rye for the screen .
" Unquestionably in just one title , that book made him qualify as one of the absolute giants of 20th Century literature , " said Jon Howells , spokesman for book - seller Waterstone's .
" You will find it on the shelves of every bookshop and library in the land . "
Salinger 's three subsequent books - including Franny and Zooey - were all best - sellers and featured the neurotic , fictional Glass family .
HAVE YOUR SAY Catcher In The Rye was a brilliant and very engaging story that I remember to this day EWT , Fordingbridge
His last published story , Hapworth 16 , 1928 , ran in The New Yorker in 1965 , but there have been no further publications since .
However , friends and visitors to his home have revealed that he has a large safe containing at least 15 completed manuscripts .
" [ I ] doubt there is a great cache of wonderful stories and novels waiting for us , " US author Jay McInerney told the BBC World Service .
Throughout his life , Salinger , who famously befriended women younger than himself , has done everything possible to try to thwart the efforts of biographers .
His first wartime marriage was dissolved in 1946 , after less than a year .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
He married Claire Douglas , aged 19 , when he was 35 in 1954 .
They had two children and then divorced in 1967 .
Former girlfriend Joyce Maynard published an account of their affair in 1998 , putting their private love letters up for sale at Sothebys auction house the following year .
His daughter , Margaret " Peggy " Salinger , wrote the warts - and - all autobiography Dream Catcher : A Memoir in 2000 , exposing her father as a difficult and isolated man .
For nearly 30 years prior to his death , he lived with Colleen O'Neill , a nurse 40 years his junior .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AB1GS Rating : 2020 -08-31 Best Receiver I 've Owned Time Owned : more than 12 months .
This is THE receiver for the serious DXer .
I 've been in the radio hobby for over 50 years and this is my dream radio .
I have an Icom 7851 and I think that is a great radio -- but , in my opinion , the R- 9500 receiver is better than the 7851 .
I bought it to enjoy in my retirement years .
I have plenty of other radios ( R-390A , Perseus SDR , JRC NRD - 515 and 525 , Drake R8B , Kenwood R- 5000 ) , but the 9500 blows them all away .
It does take a while to get used to everything the 9500 offers , and it is very pricey , but it 's worth every penny .
Sensitivity and selectivity are amazing and the dual passband tuning and notch controls allow me to " zero in " on a station without distorting audio quality .
I use this receiver primarily for MW DXing and it is a great performer .
I also plan to use it for DXing utility stations in the SW spectrum and for occasionally monitoring police and aircraft frequencies .
If you can afford it , get one .
You will not be disappointed .
I installed the UT - 122 Digital Unit , and while I had the receiver open , I noticed the excellent construction quality and the massive shielding .
So far , I 'm a very satisfied customer .
I 've owned almost every Icom transceiver offered and I love their products .
W2FKN Rating : 2016-05 -18
Ca n't beat what is does !
Time Owned : more than 12 months .
Use this for SWL , Aeroneutical , CW , FM , etc .
Has been fantastic .
have developed a problem with the Channel Bank / Integrator knob that will need repair - otherwise I use this daily and I am very happy with the unit - Rich W2FKN
N1JMS Rating : 2009 -03-03
One of a Kind Time Owned : more than 12 months .
I could n't believe that I would spend this much $ $$ on " just a receiver " , but I did .
I 've been in radio since I was 5 years old .
I made a living in the business for over thirty years .
In all of my years I 've never experienced a single unit that performed in lab quality manner across this broad of frequencies and modes .
Top - notch in every area from HF SSB to APCO 25 .
My only disappointment is that Icom does n't cooperate with third party providers of software for simple downloads of data like most other manufactures .
K7KEY Rating : 2008 - 12 -24 A Great Receiver Time Owned : more than 12 months .
Without reservation , I like everything about the R9500 .
It 's by the far the most expensive radio ever for me , and my first commerical - quality receiver since last leaving amateur radio in mid-1970's .
So , I can't compare it with the current top - of - the - line contester - class amateur gear .
I purchased the R9500 primarily for VHF and UHF receive capability , where it performs superbly .
For that , the built in spectrum display scanner is a fantastic tool .
I 'm not a ham radio contester , so many contester priorities mean nothing to me .
There 's an amazing amount of capability built into this radio .
It takes a while to learn all of the capabilities , and I learn something new every time I open the manual .
Since acquiring the R9500 , I now own an Elecraft E3 , which is my only other current - generation radio .
The Elecraft is a great transceiver , with a great receiver , but I always go first to the Icom , since my usual intent is just to listen .
While these days it seems one speaks critically of the E3 only at significant personal risk of wrath from the Elecraft fan club , and while Sherwood Engineering rates the Elecraft E3 higher in a couple of parameters , I cannot find a single aspect of subjective receiver performance in which in the R9500 does n't well outperform the E3 .
Of course , this is as it should be considering the Icom is 6 or 7 times as costly .
Even just within the HF ham bands , the Icom is easier to use ( both in terms of effort and efficiency ) , plus it sounds , feels , and looks better .
But again this is at a huge price premium , and I would never say that the Elecraft E3 is not a fantastic bargain .
The R9500 audio quality is superb , even with the built in speaker .
Because the R9500 audio is so pleasing , I 'm no longer satisfied with less .
In order to make the Elecraft comparably acceptable , I now feed the Elecraft audio output through a Presonus EQ3B parametric equalizer driving a Fostex 6301B amplified monitor speaker .
About the only downside I can think of is that this is large radio by today 's standards , and designed for rack mounting as are most all commercial monitor receivers .
It ’s perhaps a little out of place on a table top , but it certainly is n't large by the standard of commercial receivers , especially considering that there is more performance and capability in the package than in any other I have seen .
At the same time , that size provides sufficient front panel space for the logical layout and for easy operation of controls .
I purchased my unblocked R9500 in Canada ( from Com - West Sales in Vancouver ) , not so much for the unblocked feature , but because it was the only place I could find a dealer willing to discount the price , which was further helped by a slightly favorable exchange rate .
This ended up saving me more than $ 1,500 off U.S. dealer list price .
Bringing the radio back across the border was a non-event .
After researching customs duties , the dealer and I were pretty sure no duty was applicable .
On return from Vancouver , the customs inspector asked the reason for our visit to Canada .
I said , " To pick up a short - wave radio from a dealer in Vancouver , " and he waved us through .
No regrets at all from this owner , and no hesitation to recommend this receiver to anyone able to justify the high price tag .
K6JPA Rating : 2007-07 - 27 Very Pleased !
Time Owned : 0 to 3 months .
First off , my observations here are based upon just a few hours of enjoying this receiver .
It just arrived the other day and I have not fully had the chance to run it through all of it 's paces yet .
Fortunately , the menu items are similar enough to my 7800 's to cover the basic operational functions , and get it up and running .
This receiver is an interesting departure from Icom 's current amateur equipment line .
it has a totally unique feel , and was definately designed for commercial application .
Although nice overall cosmetically , I would like to have seen machined knobs in place of the plastic used .
A minor disappointment , as the controls are silky - smooth , as those of the 7800 .
Also , the stack design of the feet leaves a little to be desired , as there is no way to elevate the screen without propping something under the front feet .
I realize these are minor details , of personal preference , but thought I 'd pass them along .
The case finish of the receiver is not smooth like the 7800 .
It feels as though it is a powder - coat finish .
The front " blue " detail items , such as the rack handles seen in the photos are metal , and the rear cord protector unit is molded plastic .
The receiver has a very utilitarian feel to it overall .
I installed a P25 decoding UT - 122 into it this afternoon , which required removing the rear protector , top cover , and heat shield .
Not too difficult to do , but about 20 screws needed to be removed to get to the circuit board .
No big deal , but I will move the clock battery to the rear of the receiver once the warranty is over , as it sits near the UT - 122 unit ( against the face of the receiver ) and I do n't want to open it up every couple of years if I do n't need to .
Incidentally , there were a couple of handle screws missing from the sealed packaging .
I called Icom and they were quite apologetic about it .
The casting / machining work inside the receiver is beautiful .
Obviously , the covers function as huge heat sinks for the circuit boards .
Someone at Icom spent some serious time laying out this design .
I also appreciate the overall weight this adds to the receiver , as I wonder if some of my computerized receivers from other makers are going to blow off the table top when I sneeze at times .
The manual seems to be well written .
I 've only found one or two grammatical errors , and it does a nice job of explaining the receiver 's functions .
Now as far as function , the receiver seems to surpass the abilities of my 7800 when pulling weak signals in the HF region .
Incidentally , my 7800 is the later version , with current firmware and the added roofing filter .
This is by no means a scientific test , as I 'm simply A/ B switching between the two , but the R9500 gets the narrow edge in what limited listening I 've been able to do to date .
The noise floor of the R9500 is amazing .
It is unlike any other receiver I 've used .
Anyway , the above observations are just my humble opinions .
I will add once I have had more time to run it through it 's paces .
Now ... if only Icom would come out with a matching external speaker , instead of the outdated SP - 20 ...
K7ERQ Rating : 2007 -04 -15 Exceptional Time Owned : 0 to 3 months .
The R9500 is designed as a stand alone receiver .
It is simply outstanding .
If I want a top of the line HF receiver , I can use the receiver in my IC7800 .
BUT , IF I want to listen to everything else above 54MHZ , the R9500 is IT !
I use mine from 54 Mhz to 3300 Mhz .
The leader , flat out !
ICOM thanks for making this available .
I wished my IC7800 looked like the R9500 , now wouldnt that make a pair !
ZS6YI Rating : 2007 -04-01
Point of info Time Owned : 0 to 3 months .
The two IC 7800 's I own only have two roofing filters i.e. 15 KHz and 6 KHz .
The IC - R9500 has 4 .
It 's the 3 KHz filter that really exhibits a marked difference .
I realize that the latest IC 7800 has the 3 KHz filter installed .
As a result of my comparisons with the IC - R9500 I shall be installing the 3 KHz roofing filters into the IC 7800 's in due course .
That aside .
After comparing both radios using the same antenna , tuned to the same frequency and switching the antenna between the two radios I find it 's very difficult to decide which receiver is the better one of the two .
They both perform fantastically .
One can probably get involved in a huge debate , bring out the test instruments etc. but practically speaking other than the improvement the 3 KHz filter makes there is really very little difference in performance between the two .
The IC 7800 has one feature that I miss on the IC - R9500 and that is the Dual Watch feature .
It 's a pity the IC - R9500 does not have this particular feature as it makes listening to cross band QSO 's quite difficult .
The peak marker function works well on the IC - R9500 but I would have preferred an arrangement similar to the IC 7800 where one can turn the sub receiver 's VFO knob onto the signal shown on the scope then press the change button to immediately go to that frequency .
So bottom line .
I shall not be using the IC - R9500 receiver in conjunction with the IC 7800 transmitter as the IC 7800 's receiver has certain features that I often use which the IC - R9500 does not have .
73 De Gary ZS6YI
The Complaint requests ( 1 ) that the I.C.C. Prosecutor open an investigation of the Accused on his own accord under Rome Statute article 15 ( 1 ) ; and ( 2 ) that the I.C.C. Prosecutor also formally " submit to the [ I.C.C. ]
Pre - Trial Chamber a request for authorization of an investigation " of the Accused under Rome Statute article 15 ( 3 ) .
For similar reasons , the Highest Level Officials of the Obama administration risk the filing of a follow - up Complaint with the I.C.C. if they do not immediately terminate the Accused ’s criminal policy and practice of " extraordinary rendition , " which the Obama administration has continued to implement .
The Complaint concludes with a request that the I.C.C. Prosecutor obtain International Arrest Warrants for the Accused from the I.C.C. in accordance with Rome Statute articles 58 ( 1 ) ( a ) , 58 ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) , 58 ( 1 ) ( b ) ( ii ) , and 58 ( 1 ) ( b ) ( iii ) .
In order to demonstrate your support for this Complaint you can contact the I.C.C.
Prosecutor by letter , fax , or email as indicated below .
Francis A. Boyle
Professor of International Law
Law Building
504 East Pennsylvania Avenue
Champaign , Illinois 61820
Phone : 217-333-7954
Fax : 217-244-1478
The Honorable Luis Moreno - Ocampo
Office of the Prosecutor
International Criminal Court
Post Office Box 19519
2500 CM , The Hague
The Netherlands
Fax No. : 31-70-515-8555
Email : OTP.InformationDesk@icc-cpi.int
January 19 , 2010
Dear Sir :
Please accept my personal compliments .
I have the honor hereby to file with you and the International Criminal Court this Complaint against U.S. citizens George W. Bush , Richard Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , George Tenet , Condoleezza Rice , and Alberto Gonzales ( hereinafter referred to as the " Accused " ) for their criminal policy and practice of " extraordinary rendition . "
This term is really a euphemism for the enforced disappearances of persons , their torture , severe deprivation of their liberty , their violent sexual abuse , and other inhumane acts perpetrated upon these Victims .
The Accused have inflicted this criminal policy and practice of " extraordinary rendition " upon about one hundred ( 100 ) human beings , almost all of whom are Muslims / Arabs / Asians and People of Color .
I doubt very seriously that the Accused would have inflicted these criminal practices upon 100 White Judeo - Christian men .
The Accused ’s criminal policy and practice of " extraordinary rendition " are both " widespread " and " systematic " within the meaning of Rome Statute article 7 ( 1 ) .
Therefore the Accused have committed numerous " Crimes against Humanity " in flagrant and repeated and longstanding violation of Rome Statute articles 5 ( 1 ) ( b ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( a ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( e ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( f ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( g ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( h ) , 7 ( 1 ) ( i ) , and 7 ( 1 ) ( k ) .
Furthermore , the Accused ’s Rome Statute Crimes Against Humanity of enforced disappearances of persons constitutes ongoing criminal activity that continues even as of today .
The United States is not a contracting party to the Rome Statute .
Nevertheless , the Accused ordered and were responsible for the commission of these I.C.C. statutory crimes on , in , and over the respective territories of several I.C.C. member states , including many located in Europe .
Therefore , the I.C.C. has jurisdiction over the Accused for their I.C.C. statutory crimes in accordance with Rome Statute article 12 ( 2 ) ( a ) , which provides as follows :
Article 12
Preconditions to the Exercise of Jurisdiction
...
In the case of article 13 , paragraph ( a ) or ( c ) , the Court may exercise its jurisdiction if one or more of the following States are Parties to this Statute or have accepted the jurisdiction of the Court in accordance with paragraph 3 :
(a) The State on the territory of which the conduct in question occurred ...
So the fact that United States is not a contracting party to the Rome Statute is no bar to the I.C.C. ’s prosecution of the Accused because they have ordered and been responsible for the commission of Rome Statute Crimes against Humanity on , in , and over the respective territories of several I.C.C. member states .
Consequently , I hereby respectfully request that the Court exercise its jurisdiction over the Accused for these Crimes against Humanity in accordance with Rome Statute article 13 ( c ) , which provides as follows :
Article 13
Exercise of Jurisdiction
The Court may exercise its jurisdiction with respect to a crime referred to in article 5 in accordance with the provisions of this Statute if :
...
( c) The Prosecutor has initiated an investigation in respect of such a crime in accordance with article 15 .
Pursuant to Rome Statute article 13 ( c ) , I hereby respectfully request that you initiate an investigation proprio motu against the Accused in accordance with Rome Statute article 15 ( 1 ) : " The Prosecutor may initiate investigations proprio motu on the basis of information on crimes within the jurisdiction of the Court . "
My detailed Complaint against the Accused constitutes the sufficient " information " required by article 15 ( 1 ) .
Furthermore , I respectfully submit that this Complaint by itself constitutes " a reasonable basis to proceed with an investigation " under Rome Statute article 15 ( 3 ) .
Hence , I also respectfully request that you formally " submit to the Pre- Trial Chamber a request for authorization of an investigation " of the Accused under Rome Statute article 15 ( 3 ) at this time .
Please inform me at your earliest convenience about the status and disposition of my two requests set forth immediately above .
Based upon your extensive human rights work in Argentina , you know full well from direct personal experience the terrors and the horrors of enforced disappearances of persons and their consequent torture .
According to reputable news media sources here in the United States , about 100 human beings have been subjected to enforced disappearances and subsequent torture by the Accused .
We still have no accounting for these Victims .
In other words , many of these Victims of enforced disappearances and torture by the Accused could still be alive today .
Their very lives are at stake right now as we communicate .
You could very well save some of their lives by publicly stating that you are opening an investigation of my Complaint .
As for those Victims of enforced disappearances by the Accused who have died , your opening an investigation of my Complaint is the only means by which we might be able to obtain some explanation and accounting for their whereabouts and the location of their remains in order to communicate this critical information to their next - of - kin and loved - ones .
Based upon your extensive experience combating enforced disappearances of persons and their consequent torture in Argentina , you know full well how important that objective is .
The next - of - kin , loved - ones , and friends of " disappeared " human beings can never benefit from psychological " closure " unless and until there is an accounting for the fates , if not the remains , of the Victims .
In part that is precisely why the Accused ’s enforced disappearances of about 100 human beings constitutes ongoing criminal activity that continues as of today and will continue until the fates of all their Victims have been officially determined by you opening an investigation into my Complaint .
Let us mutually suppose that during the so - called " dirty war " in Argentina the International Criminal Court had been in existence .
I submit that as an Argentinean human rights lawyer you would have moved heaven and earth and done everything in your power to get the I.C.C. and its Prosecutor to assume jurisdiction over the Argentine Junta in order to terminate and prosecute their enforced disappearances and torture of your fellow Argentinean citizens .
I would have done the same .
Unfortunately , the I.C.C. did not exist during those darkest of days for the Argentine Republic when we could have so acted .
But today as the I.C.C.
Prosecutor , you have both the opportunity and the legal power to do something to rectify this mass and total human rights annihilation , and to resolve and to terminate and to prosecute the " widespread " and " systematic " policy and practice of enforced disappearances and consequent torture of about 100 human beings by the Accused .
Unfortunately , the new Obama administration in the United States has made it perfectly clear by means of public statements by President Obama and his Attorney General Eric
Holder that they are not going to open any criminal investigation of any of the Accused for these aforementioned Crimes against Humanity .
Hence an I.C.C. " case " against the Accused is " admissible " under Rome Statute article 1 ( complementarity ) and article 17 .
As of right now you and the I.C.C.
Judges are the only people in the entire world who can bring some degree of Justice , Closure , and Healing into this dire , tragic , and deplorable situation for the lives and well - being of about one hundred " disappeared " and tortured human beings as well as for their loved - ones and next - of - kin , who are also Victims of the Accused ’s Crimes against Humanity .
On behalf of them all , as a fellow human rights lawyer I implore you to open an investigation into my Complaint and to issue a public statement to that effect .
Also , most regretfully , the new Obama administration has publicly stated that it will continue the Accused ’s policy and practice of " extraordinary rendition , " which is really their euphemism for enforced disappearances of human beings and consequent torture by other States .
Hence the Highest Level Officials of the Obama administration fully intend to commit their own Crimes against Humanity under the I.C.C. Rome Statute – unless you stop them !
Your opening an investigation of my Complaint will undoubtedly deter the Obama administration from engaging in any more " extraordinary renditions " -- enforced disappearances of human beings and having them tortured by other States .
Indeed your opening of an investigation into my Complaint might encourage the Obama administration to terminate its criminal " extraordinary rendition " program immediately and thoroughly by means of issuing a public statement to that effect .
In other words , your opening an investigation of my Complaint could very well save the lives of a large number of additional human beings who otherwise will be subjected by the Obama administration to the Rome Statute Crimes against Humanity of enforced disappearances of persons and their consequent torture by other States , inter alia .
The lives and well - being of countless human beings are now at risk , hanging in the balance , waiting for you to act promptly , effectively , and immediately to save them from becoming Victims of Rome Statute Crimes against Humanity perpetrated by the Highest Level Officials of the Obama administration as successors - in - law to the Accused by opening an investigation of my Complaint .
Otherwise , I shall be forced to file with you and the I.C.C. a follow - up Complaint against the Highest Level Officials of the Obama administration .
I certainly hope it will not come to that .
Please make it so .
Finally , for reasons more fully explained in the Conclusion to my Complaint , I respectfully request that you obtain I.C.C. arrest warrants for the Accused in accordance with Rome Statute articles 58 ( 1 ) ( a ) , article 58 ( 1 ) ( b ) ( i ) , article 58 ( 1 ) ( b ) ( ii ) , and article 58 ( 1 ) ( b ) ( iii ) .
The sooner , the better for all humankind .
I respectfully request that you schedule a meeting with me at our earliest mutual convenience in order to discuss this Complaint .
I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
This transmission letter is an integral part of my Complaint against the Accused and is hereby incorporated by reference into the attached Complaint dated as of today as well .
Please accept , Sir , the assurance of my highest consideration .
Francis A. Boyle
Professor of International Law
Staying in a multi-bed hospital room dramatically increases the risk of acquiring a serious infectious disease , Queen 's University researchers have discovered .
A new study led by infectious diseases expert Dr. Dick Zoutman says the chance of acquiring serious infections like C. difficile ( Clostridium difficile ) rises with the addition of every hospital roommate .
" If you 're in a two , three or four - bedded room , each time you get a new roommate your risk of acquiring these serious infections increases by 10 per cent , " says Dr. Zoutman , professor of Community Health and Epidemiology at Queen's .
" That 's a substantial risk , particularly for longer hospital stays when you can expect to have many different roommates . "
Dr. Zoutman suggests hospitals need to consider more private rooms in their planning .
" Despite other advances , multi - bedded rooms are still part of hospital design in the 21st century .
Building hospitals with all private rooms is not yet the standard in Ontario or Canada -- but it should be . "
Also on the Queen 's team are master 's student Meghan Hamel and Associate Professor Christopher O'Callaghan .
The findings are published on - line in the American Journal of Infection Control .
The researchers argue that it 's cheaper in the long run to build more private rooms because of the high costs of treating people with superbugs .
For facilities with multi-bed rooms that are unable to take on major redesign , Dr. Zoutman suggests converting four - bed rooms to two - bed semi-privates , and changing semi-private rooms in high - risk areas to private rooms , as much as possible .
" One important way to improve patient safety in our hospitals is to reduce the number of roommates that patients are exposed to during their hospital stay , " he stresses .
" Especially in acute care hospitals , where the risks are highest , we need to change our room configurations as much as current resources will allow , and strive to design and build new hospital facilities with entirely private rooms . "
Below the fold is an executive summary , subscription form , and latest graphics .
For much more detail and a country by country profile , download the .pdf .
The Oilwatch Monthly is a newsletter that is available free of charge with the latest data on oil supply , demand , oil stocks , spare capacity and exports .
Subscribe to receive Oilwatch Monthly by e-mail
Latest Developments :
1 ) Conventional crude production - Latest figures from the Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) show that crude oil production including lease condensates increased by 283,000 b/d from October to November 2009 , resulting in total production of crude oil including lease condensates of 73.22 million b/d .
2 ) Total liquid fuels production -
In January 2010 world production of all liquid fuels decreased by 40,000 barrels per day from December according to the latest fgures of the International Energy Agency ( IEA ) , resulting in total world liquid fuels production of 85.83 million b/d. Liquids production for December 2009 was revised downwards in the IEA Oil Market Report of February from 86.17 to 85.4 million b/d.
Average global liquid fuels production in 2009 was 84.94 versus 86.6 and 85.32 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 .
3 ) OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production in OPEC countries increased by 410,000 b/d from December 2009 to January 2010 to a level of 34.2 million b/d. Liquids production for December 2009 was revised downwards in the IEA Oil Market Report of February from 34.21 to 33.79 million b/d.
Average liquid fuels production in 2009 was 33.7 million b/d , versus 36.09 and 35.02 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
All time high production of OPEC liquid fuels stands at 36.4 million b/d reached in July 2008 .
Total crude oil production excluding lease condensates of the OPEC cartel increased by 100,000 b/d to a level of 29.05 million b/d , from December 2009 to January 2010 , according to the latest available estimate of the IEA .
Crude oil production for December 2009 was revised downwards in the IEA Oil Market Report of February from 29.05 to 28.97 million b/d.
Average crude oil production in 2009 was 28.7 million b/d , versus 31.43 and 30.37 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
4 ) Non-OPEC Production - Total liquid fuels production excluding biofuels in Non-OPEC countries decreased by 495,000 b/d from December 2009 to January 2010 , resulting in a production level of 49.71 million b/d according to the International Energy Agency .
Liquids production for December 2009 was revised upwards in the IEA Oil Market Report of February from 50.17 to 50.2 million b/d. Average liquid fuels production in 2009 was 49.67 million b/d , versus 49.32 and 49.34 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
Total Non-OPEC crude oil production excluding lease condensates increased by 335,000 b/d to a level of 42.26 million b/d , from October to November 2009 , according to the latest available estimate of the EIA .
Crude oil production for October 2009 was revised downwards in the IEA International Petroleum Monthly of February from 42.11 to 41.93 million b/d.
Average crude oil production in 2009 up to November was 41.55 million b/d , versus 41.32 and 41.80 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
5 ) World Oil Production Capacity - Total oil production capacity in January 2010 increased by 85,000 b/d from December 2009 , from 89.36 to 89.45 million b/d. World production capacity is measured here as the sum of world liquids production excluding biofuels plus total OPEC spare capacity excluding Iraq , Venezuela and Nigeria .
6 ) OPEC spare capacity - According to the International Energy Agency total effective spare capacity ( excluding Iraq , Venezuela and Nigeria ) increased from December 2009 to January 2010 by 17,000 b/d to a level of 5.54 million b/d .
Of total effective spare capacity , an additional 3.80 million b/d is estimated to be producible by Saudi Arabia within 90 days , the United Arab Emirates 0.40 million b/d , Angola 0.21 million b/d , Iran 0.30 million b/d , Libya 0.18 million b/d , Qatar 0.10 million b/d , and the other remaining countries 0.55 million b/d .
Total OPEC spare production capacity has not yet been updated for January 2010 by the Energy Information Administration at the time of writing .
In December 2009 spare capacity increased by 10,000 b/d to a level of 5.03 million b/d from 4.93 million b/d in November according to the Energy Information Administration .
7 ) OECD Oil Consumption - Oil consumption in OECD countries decreased by 697,000 b/d from October to November 2009 , resulting in a consumption level of 43.51 million b/d. Average OECD oil consumption in 2009 up to November was 43.80 million b/d , versus 46.10 and 47.68 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
8 ) Chinese liquids demand - Oil consumption in China decreased by 840,000 b/d from October to November 2009 , resulting in a consumption level of 8.14 million b/d according to JODI statistics .
Average oil consumption in China in 2009 up to November was 8.03 million b/d , versus 6.92 and 7.29 million b/d in 2008 and 2007 respectively .
9 ) OECD oil stocks - Industrial inventories of crude oil in the OECD in December 2009 decreased to 979 million from 994 million barrels in November according to the latest IEA statistics .
Current OECD crude oil stocks are 16 million barrels higher than the five year average of 963 million barrels .
In the January Oil Market Report of the IEA a total stock level of 984 million barrels was tabulated for November which has been revised upwards to 994 million barrels in the February edition .
Industrial product stocks in the OECD in December 2009 decreased to 1420 million from 1467 million barrels in November according to the latest IEA Statistics .
Current OECD product stocks are 16 million barrels higher than the five year average of 1404 million barrels .
In the January Oil Market Report of the IEA a total stock level of 1466 million barrels was tabulated for October which has been revised upwards to 1467 million barrels in the February edition .
Figure 2 - World Liquid fuels Production January 2002 to January 2010 , IEA statistics in purple , EIA statistics in red .
Figure 3 - OPEC liquid fuels production January 2002 to January 2010 , IEA statistics in purple , EIA statistics in red .
Figure 4 - OPEC crude oil production January 2002 to January 2010 , IEA statistics in purple , EIA statistics in red .
Figure 5 - Non-OPEC liquid fuels production January 2002 to January 2010 , IEA statistics in purple , EIA statistics in red .
Figure 6 - EIA Non-OPEC
Crude oil production January 2002 to November 2009 .
Figure 7 - IEA OPEC crude oil production ( RED , left x- axis ) & IEA Spare Capacity ( Purple , right x- axis ) January 2002 to January 2010 .
Figure 8 - EIA OPEC crude oil production ( RED , left x- axis ) & EIA Spare Capacity ( Purple , right x- axis ) January 2002 to January 2010 .
Figure 9 - OECD Crude Oil Stocks January 2002 to December 2009 , source : International Energy Agency .
Figure 10 - OECD Product stocks January 2002 to December 2009 , source : International Energy Agency .
References :
Barro , Robert J. and José F. Ursúa . ( 2009 ) “ Stock - Market Crashes and Depressions , ” NBER Working Papers , No. 14760 .
Barsky , Robert B. and Eric R. Sims . ( 2009 ) “ Information , Animal Spirits , and the Meaning of Innovations in Consumer Confidence , ” NBER Working Papers , No. 15049 .
Becker , Gary S. and Casey Mulligan . ( 1997 ) “ The Endogenous Determination of Time Preference , ” Quarterly Journal of Economics , Vol. 112 , No. 3 , pp. 729–758 .
Berger , Allen N. , Sally M. Davies , and Mark J. Flannery .
( 2000 ) “ Comparing Market and Supervisory Assessments of Bank Performance : Who Knows What When ? ” Journal of Money , Credit , and Banking , Vol. 32 , No. 2 , pp. 641–667 . Böhm - Bawerk , Eugen von. ( 1889 ) Capital and Interest , Reprinted by Libertarian Press , South Holland , IL , 1970 .
Brock , William A. and Leonard Jay Mirman . ( 1972 ) “ Optimal Economic Growth and Uncertainty : the Discounted Case , ” Journal of Economic Theory , Vol. 4 , No. 3 , pp. 479–513 .
Curry , Timothy , Gary S. Fissel , and Gerald Hanweck .
( 2003 ) “ Market Information , Bank Holding Company Risk , and Market Discipline , ” U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Working Paper , No. 2003 – 04 .
Das , Mausumi . ( 2003 ) “ Optimal Growth with Decreasing Marginal Impatience , ” Journal of Economic Dynamics & Control , Vol. 27 , No. 10 , pp. 1881 –1898 .
DeYoung , Robert , Mark J. Flannery , William W. Lang , and Sorin Sorescu . ( 2001 ) “ The Information Content of Bank Exam Ratings and Subordinated Debt Prices , ” Journal of Money , Credit and Banking , Vol. 33 , No. 4 , pp. 900 –925 .
Do , Quy - Toan and Andrei A. Levchenko . ( 2007 ) “ Comparative Advantage , Demand for External Finance , and Financial Development , ” Journal of Financial Economics , Vol. 86 , No. 3 , pp. 796–834 .
Easterly , William and Ross Levine . ( 2003 ) “ Tropics , Germs , and Crops : How Endowments Influence Economic Development , ” Journal of Monetary Economics , Vol. 50 , No. 1 , pp. 3 –39 .
Epstein , Larry G. ( 1987 ) “ A Simple Dynamic General Equilibrium Model , ” Journal of Economic theory , Vol. 41 , No. 1 , pp. 68 –95 .
Epstein , Larry G. and J. Allan Hynes . ( 1983 ) “ The Rate of Time Preference and Dynamic Economic Analysis , ” Journal of Political Economy , Vol. 91 , No. 4 , pp. 611–635 .
Farmer , Roger E. A. and Andrew Hollenhorst .
( 2005 ) “ Shooting the Auctioneer , ” NBER Working Papers , No. 12584 .
Fisher , Irving ( 1930 ) The Theory of Interest , Macmillan , New York Frederick , Shane , George Loewenstein and Ted O’Donoghue .
( 2002 ) “ Time Discounting and Time Preference : A Critical Review , ” Journal of Economic Literature , Vol. 40 , No. 2 , pp. 351–401 .
Fuhrer , Jeff. ( 2006 ) “ Intrinsic and Inherited Inflation Persistence , ” International Journal of Central Banking , Vol. 2 , No. 3 , pp. 49 – 86 .
Fuhrer , Jeff and George Moore . ( 1995 ) “ Inflation Persistence , ” Quarterly Journal of Economics , Vol. 110 , No. 1 , pp. 127–159 .
Furlong , Frederick T. and Robard Williams ( 2006 ) “ Financial Market Signals and Banking Supervision — Are Current Practices Consistent with Research Findings ? ” Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Economic Review , pp 17 – 26 .
Galí , Jordi and Mark L. Gertler . ( 1999 ) “ Inflation Dynamics : A Structural Econometric Analysis , ” Journal of Monetary Economics , Vol. 44 , No. 2 , pp. 195 –222 .
Gertler , Mark L. ( 1988 ) “ Financial Structure and Aggregate Economic Activity : An Overview , ” Journal of Money , Credit and Banking , Vol. 20 , No. 3 , pp. 559–588 .
Gertler , Mark L. and A. Trigari . ( 2009 ) “ Unemployment Fluctuations with Staggered Nash Wage Bargaining , ” Journal of Political Economy , Vol. 117 , No. 1 , pp. 38 – 86 .
Hall , Robert E. ( 2005 ) “ Employment Fluctuations with Equilibrium Wage Stickiness , ” American Economic Review , Vol. 95 , No. 1 , pp. 50 – 65 .
Hall , Robert E. and Paul R. Milgrom . ( 2008 ) “ The Limited Influence of Unemployment on the Wage Bargain , ” American Economic Review , Vol. 98 , No. 4 , pp. 1653 –1674 .
Harashima , Taiji . ( 2004a ) “ A More Realistic Endogenous Time Preference Model and the Slump in Japan , ” EconWPA Working Papers , ewp- mac0402015 .
Harashima , Taiji . ( 2004 b ) “ A Possibility of Protracted Output Gaps in an Economy without Any Rigidity , ” EconWPA Working Papers , ewp-mic / 0404007 .
Harashima , Taiji . ( 2004 c ) “ The Ultimate Source of Inflation : A Microfoundation of the Fiscal Theory of the Price Level , ” EconWPA Working Papers , ewp-mac / 0409018 .
Harashima , Taiji . ( 2007 ) “ Hyperinflation , disinflation , deflation , etc. : A unified and micro-founded explanation for inflation , ” MPRA ( The Munich Personal RePEc Archive ) Paper , No. 3836 .
Harashima , Taiji . ( 2008 ) “ A Microfounded Mechanism of Observed Substantial Inflation Persistence , ” MPRA ( The Munich Personal RePEc Archive ) Paper , No. 10668 .
Hornstein , Andreas , Per Krusell , and Giovanni Luca Violante .
( 2005 ) “ Unemployment and Vacancy Fluctuations in the Matching Model : Inspecting the Mechanism , ” Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond Economic Quarterly , Vol. 91 , No. 3 , pp. 19 –50 .
Kennan , John . ( 2006 ) “ Private Information , Wage Bargaining and Employment Fluctuations , ” NBER Working Papers , No. 11967 .
Keynes , John Maynard .
( 1936 ) The General Theory of Employment , Interest and Money , Macmillan Cambridge University Press , London .
La Porta , Rafael , Florencio Lopez - de - Silanes , Andrei Shleifer , and Robert W. Vishny .
( 1998 ) “ Law and Finance , ” Journal of Political Economy , Vol. 106 , No. 6 , pp. 1113 –1155 .
Lawrance , Emily C. ( 1991 ) “ Poverty and the Rate of Time Preference : Evidence from Panel Data , ” Journal of Political Economy , Vol. 99 , No. 1 , pp. 54 –77 .
Levine , Ross . ( 1997 ) “ Financial Development and Economic Growth : Views and Agenda , ” Journal of Economic Literature , Vol. 35 , No. 2 , pp. 688–726 .
Levine , Ross , Norman Loayza and Thorsten Beck . ( 2000 ) “ Financial Intermediation and Growth : Causality and Causes , ” Journal of Monetary Economics , Vol. 46 , No. 1 , pp. 31 –77 .
Lucas , Robert E. , Jr. and Nancy L. Stokey .
( 1984 ) “ Optimal Growth with Many Consumers , ” Journal of Economic Theory , Vol. 32 , No.1 , pp. 139 –171 .
Mankiw , N. Gregory ( 2001 ) “ The Inexorable and Mysterious Tradeoff between Inflation and Unemployment , ” Economic Journal , Vol. 111 , Issue 471 , pp. C45 –61 Mirman , Leonard Jay and Itzhak Zilcha .
( 1977 ) “ Characterizing Optimal Policies in a One- sector Model of Economic Growth under Uncertainty , ” Journal of Economic Theory , Vol. 14 , No. 2 , pp. 389–401 .
Mishkin , Frederic S. ( 1991 ) “ Asymmetric Information and Financial Crises : A Historical Perspective , ” in Hubbard , R. Glenn , ed. , Financial Markets and Financial Crises , National Bureau of Economic Research , Cambridge , MA . Morris , Stephen and Hyun Song Shin. ( 2001 ) “ Rethinking Multiple Equilibria in Macroeconomic Modeling , ” NBER Macroeconomics Annual 2000 , Vol. 15 , pp. 139 –182 .
Mortensen , Dale T. and Pissarides , Christopher A. ( 1994 ) “ Job Creation and Job Destruction in the Theory of Unemployment . ”
Review of Economic Studies , Vol. 61 , No. 3 , pp. 397–415 .
Obstfeld , Maurice . ( 1990 ) “ Intertemporal Dependence , Impatience , and Dynamics , ” Journal of Monetary Economics , Vol. 26 , No. 1 , pp. 45 – 75 .
Parkin , Michael . ( 1988 ) “ A Method for Determining Whether Parameters in Aggregative Models Are Structural , ” Carnegie - Rochester Conference Series on Public Policy , Vol. 29 , No. 1 , pp. 215–252 .
Pissarides , Christopher A. ( 1985 ) “ Short - Run Equilibrium Dynamics of Unemployment , Vacancies , and Real Wages . ” American Economic Review , Vol. 75 , No. 4 , pp. 676–690 . Romer , Christina D. ( 1990 ) “ The Great Clash and the Onset of the Great Depression , ” The Quarterly Journal of Economics , Vol. 105 , No. 3 , pp. 597–624 .
Samuelson , Paul. ( 1937 ) “ A Note on Measurement of Utility , ” Review of Economic Studies , Vol. 4 , No. 2 , pp. 155–161 . Schumpeter , Joseph Alois .
( 1912/1934 ) Theorie der Wirtschaftlichen Entwicklung , Duncker & Humblot , Leipzig ; English translation published in 1934 as The Theory of Economic Development , Harvard University Press , Cambridge , MA .
Shaw , Edward S. ( 1973 ) Financial Deepening in Economic Development , Oxford University Press , New York .
Shimer , Robert . ( 2004 ) “ The Consequences of Rigid Wages in Search Models , ” Journal of the European Economic Association , Vol. 2 , No. 2 –3 , pp. 469–479 .
Shimer , Robert . ( 2005 ) “ The Cyclical Behavior of Equilibrium Unemployment and Vacancies , ” American Economic Review , Vol. 95 , No. 1 , pp. 25 – 49 .
Temin , Peter . ( 1989 ) Lessons from the Great Depression , MIT Press , Cambridge , MA .
Temple , Jonathan .
( 2000 ) “ Summary of an Informal Workshop on the Causes of Economic Growth , ” OECD Economics Department Working Papers , No. 260 .
Uzawa , Hirofumi . ( 1968 ) “ Time Preference , the Consumption Function , and Optimal Asset Holdings , ” J. N. Wolfe , ed. , Value , Capital , and Growth : Papers in Honour of Sir John Hicks , University of Edinburgh Press , Edinburgh , Scotland .
Wachtel , Paul. ( 2003 ) “ How Much Do We Really Know About Growth and Finance ? ” Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta Economic Review , Q1 , pp. 33 – 47 . Yashiv , Eran . ( 2007 ) “ Labor Search and Matching in Macroeconomics , ” European Economic Review , Vol. 51 , No. 8 , pp. 1859 –1895 .
January 18 , 2010 -- Since 1998 , Cuba 's health cooperation with Haiti has made it possible for 6000 doctors , paramedics and health technicians to work there .
Besides , 450 young Haitians have graduated as doctors from Cuban colleges , free of charge , in the past 12 years .
More than 400 Cuban specialists , 344 of them doctors and paramedics , have been in Haiti , jointly sponsored by the United Nations and the Cuban government .
But in the wake of last Tuesday 's disaster , the largest earthquake ever to hit the Caribbean Basin , Cuba dispatched another team of 60 doctors , health technicians and medications to join the doctors on the ground in Haiti .
Cuba has also sent ten tons of medications .
* * *
By Leticia Martínez Hernández , photos by Juvenal Balán
Port-au - Prince , Haiti — January 18 , 2010 — Granma —
The little boy , with a drip attached to his hand — although at that stage it was n’t helping him very much — could n’t stop trembling .
The fluid that perhaps in other circumstances would give him some strength was not passing through his collapsed veins .
Lying on a piece of cardboard , his life was ebbing away , while , at his feet , a Cuban doctor lamented not being able to do more .
" They brought this little angel in this morning .
He was buried under the rubble for three days .
A rescue team member brought him ; he has no family and he ’s unlikely to survive .
We ’ve given him everything , we ’ve cleaned him up , we ’ve treated his injuries , and I do n’t know what else to do to help him .
This tragedy has been merciless on the children , the pain is unbearable . "
Cuban doctors are working continuously and amputations are the most frequent operations .
Aged 28 , Sergio is already familiar with the face of death .
These last few days have been terrible for this doctor from Santiago de Cuba , who has left his country for the first time to save lives .
When asked what was the worst , he fired off two aspects from his heart : the suffering of little ones and not being able to help them all .
That was what Sergio Otero González said , while a woman with bruised face clung to his hand .
It is time to move away from the little boy and attend to people arriving .
When he comes back , maybe this nameless innocent will have stopped breathing , and he will have to accept having done everything possible to restore life to a child born marked by tragedy .
An unbearable stench emerges from the rubble , as people wander the streets .
Today , Haiti is replete with these sad stories .
Hospital centres like Delma 33 ( ironically called La Paiz ) and La Renaissance have many horrors to recount , but the Cuban doctors there are intent on writing large the word LIFE , while Western news agencies are minimising that effort or even refuting it , like the US Fox News TV channel .
Are we going to have to put speakers on the moon so that people know that Haiti has known Cuban doctors for many years before the earthquake struck ?
Renaissance in Haiti
Paradoxes have taken hold of Haiti ; with every glance I discover a contrast , another one ...
I ’d thought that the contradiction between the happy faces looking out from advertisement boards and the crumpled faces of those passing below them was the greatest irony , but I was wrong .
Finding the words " Peace " and " Renaissance " on the façades of the most dismal hospitals that I have seen in my life , exceeded any incongruence …
So I decided to find the answer in the fluttering of my country ’s flag over their doorways .
Injured people are constantly arriving .
It is heartrending to see the large numbers of children .
It would seem that the Haitians are coming to the hospitals where the Cubans are working to find peace .
They arrive in an endless stream ; everyone wants to be seen immediately , the intolerable pain of their bodies is mixed with a rooted lack of affection , which seems to be instantly cured when one of our doctors gently caresses them .
Entire families are moving into the hospital grounds .
They have set up their shelters , placed the sick person in the middle , piled up the few possessions left to them and the family , when there still is one , leaves to seek help .
Others transport their injured on pieces of hardboard , boards , mattresses … until they virtually corner a doctor .
There , among the many , I found the Dr Madelaine in La Rennaissance hospital centre .
Reaching her was a balancing act .
One foot first , then the other … stop to recover my balance : beneath me various Haitians writhing in agony , just to have touched them would have been unpardonable .
However , the odyssey did n’t end there .
Now I had to convince her to recount her experiences .
This 32 - year - old woman from Granma province is an expert in her work , but shakes when faced with a cassette recorder .
" This can not be compared to anything that I have ever seen .
When I arrived , I was frightened but had no time to allow that fear to grow .
I still have n’t forgotten the face of a little two - year - old who they pulled out of the rubble and who arrived in agony .
They are bringing lots of people here , but when it ’s a child , your heart is wrung even more . "
Do n’t you despair when you ’re being called from all sides and at all times to help people ?
" They are desperate , what they have experienced is unthinkable .
But we ’ve learned to stay calm and treat them with delicacy even though we ’re stressed .
If you despair you ’re not helping anyone and wind up being useless . "
Surgeon Abrahana del Pilar Cisneros Depestre emerges from the improvised operating room with a similar equanimity .
From inside , covered by sheets , a terrifying sound can be heard .
" We ’re amputating a leg " , she says and invites me in .
But my strength does n’t stretch that far , so I decide to wait for her outside to talk .
The only thing that I know about her is that she ended her vacation early to return to Haiti and help .
" Everything is so sad and desolate .
The injuries are extremely grave .
The most frequent are traumatalogies ; many people come in virtually self - amputated , with their limbs almost torn off , with burns incompatible with life , like those of that girl who is looking after a neighbour right now because her mum died and no other family member has been found . "
With the passing of days , the possibilities of salvation are minimal for those recently found , says this doctor , who has already lost count of the people who have passed through her hands .
" On Friday ( January 15 ) we operated on 15 people ; today , Saturday , we ’re on our 17th and the day ’s not over , there ’s one after the other .
The severity of injuries is greater , the cases are extremely septic . "
And the family members , doctor , what are they saying to you ?
" Many people come in alone , but when their families bring them , the pain and sadness is so much that they just look at us , I think that they say it all with that , there ’s no need for the word thanks . "
Are you tired ?
" It ’s a fact that we ’ve worked really hard , that the days have all merged into one another , but the desire to help is so great that we ’re not allowing ourselves to feel tired ; on the contrary , maybe we could manage to do more . "
One might suspect that so much energy and desire to act are only happening here in La Renaissance .
However , at the other extreme of the city , history is repeating itself .
Peace in Delma 33 ?
In La Paiz University Hospital , known as Delma 33 , other doctors confirm the words of Abrahana , Sergio and Madelaine .
Another Cuba flag is waving there , and gives entry to an even more shocking scenario .
Almost all the injured are to be found outside the hospital .
The groans touch one ’s heart , the tremendous wounds make you turn your face away , the desolation is pitiful , the looks seeking compassion pierce you to the bone .
Everything would seem to ask : will such misfortune ever end ?
The aftershock of the night before made them flee in terror , a juncture " utilised " by the doctors to better organise the place and assess the strength of the building .
When we arrived , the Cuban doctors were equipping new spaces , posting signs delimiting areas , disinfecting the floors , classifying the sick and admitting the gravest cases .
It was surprising to see so many people helping .
Chilean , Cuban , Spanish , Canadian and Mexican specialists were working shoulder to shoulder .
They were all speaking one language : that of salvation .
They all repeated the same phrase : teamwork .
Cuban Dr. Carlos Guillén , director of the hospital , defined it in this way : " It ’s been perfect cooperation ; they come to us , seek us out spontaneously for making any decision ; we have a meeting in the morning and another in the afternoon with the representatives of each nation , where we define what we are needing , what the priorities are and we are sharing everything . "
What most concerned Heriberto Pérez , a Chilean doctor , was the initial disorder , and for that reason , he defends that cohesion among everyone , no matter where they come from , because what really matters is saving lives .
Rescue work continues although possibilities of survival are diminishing .
Rosalía , a nun , was caressing a little girl whose leg was in danger due to gangrene .
She came from Spain to join the tremendous team , which also includes the Haitian resident Asmyrrehe Dollin .
For this doctor , who graduated in Cuba , helping his compatriots is the greatest thing that life has bestowed on him .
So he is grateful to the island for having given him the possibility to do so .
Working together with the doctors who at one point were his professors , is an immense pride for him .
It is only this closeness among the doctors that will alleviate Haiti ’s pain .
The injured will be back at dusk , but maybe tomorrow the groaning will be less .
It will be a blessing when the placards saying , " We need help " , placed everywhere like shadows , begin to disappear .
Cuba and Venezuela to reopen health centres in Haiti
Port-au - Prince , Haiti -- January 18 , 2010 -- acn
The Center for Comprehensive Diagnosis George Gauvin , in Grand Goave town , will be reopened by Cuban doctors to provide first aid to earthquake victims from the surrounding areas of the Western Department of the Haitian capital .
This is one of the five CCDs completed in Haiti with the joint effort of Cuba and Venezuela out of 10 projected as part of a collaboration program .
CCD director Dr Eisy Infante said the earthquake took eight Cuban experts by surprise inside the facility .
None of them suffered any injuries .
The left wing of the building was damaged .
Immediately after the 7.0 earthquake , people with different health conditions , with minor and serious lesions , or broken bones started to reach the hospital looking for help .
The patients were assisted on the backyard of the clinic , under a few tents set up for the emergency .
Five days later , the Cuban doctors have treated under extraordinary conditions more than 460 patients , including three childbirths .
Those with more serious conditions and requiring amputation have been transferred to hospitals downtown .
The CCD will be reopened soon , while experts at the center are preparing to lead efforts to educate the people to avoid epidemics as they have concentrated in places where they can protect themselves from the constant aftershocks of the earthquake .
Survey Says Government Stimulus Has Failed
By yet another measure “ the economic stimulus they foisted on us has been one big letdown . ”
A recent IBD / TIPP Poll shows that 66 percent of total surveyed respondents feel stimulus fell short of their expectations in creating jobs .
It ’s not groundbreaking news given that expectations were initially for about 8 percent unemployment and the US is now over 10 percent .
Still , as the article points out “ it is worth noting for those in the administration and Congress who still think all the people can be fooled all the time . ”
It ’s also no surprise that 80 percent of Republicans are not in support of the bailout given that not a single Republican member of the House voted for the legislation .
Interestingly , the disappointment does n’t seem completely dependent on party affiliation .
About 48 percent of Democrats say the stimulus fell short of expectations versus 45 percent that felt postively about it .
Independents were strongly disapproving , with 73 percent deciding stimulus has fallen short of expectations .
Of all respondents 56 percent overall indicated “ they are not confident it will create jobs in the next six months . ”
Neither are we .
The full results of the IBD / TIPP Poll are available on Investors.com in its coverage of the $ 787 billion flop .
There are not many people I will happily take my hat off for in this world .
But the Swiss people are among those few .
In a sea of despotism these people have maintained an island of liberty even into the modern age of the all - intrusive State .
Just going on a visit to Switzerland is an eye opener for the average European — especially the British .
Time and again in my conversations while there , or with clients who bank , have lived , or just go there on holiday , the same conclusion has been drawn : everything Swiss is like the very best of other countries , only better .
It is pretty much the only major country in Europe where things just work and get done as they should , with a minimum of fuss and dead on time .
Second class trains , for example , are better in Switzerland than many first class trains in the UK .
I 'm not a fan of mass transportation as a rule , but in Switzerland there are many private companies and it makes sense considering the terrain and weather .
It is also a very great pleasure , not just because of the trains and the scenery , but because of the almost complete absence of ill - mannered people — there is no " riff - raff " element whatsoever .
The British are beset by riff - raff — which frankly makes any use of public transport not only ideologically undesirable , but also socially so .
This subject came up while I was on a boat in the middle of Lake Geneva , in a discussion with a Swedish man on holiday with his family .
He claimed — having lived in both the UK and Sweden — that things were even worse in his country .
I still find it hard to believe , but after numerous illustrations on both sides , we more or less called it a draw .
A History of Liberty
The EU bureaucrats hate them .
The Swiss are both outside the EU and represent the opposite of the top down Nazi / Commie combination agenda they ultimately stand for .
Switzerland did n't even join the UN until seven years ago and then only by the narrowest voting margin .
Pick almost any area of society and the Swiss do it their own unique way — with at least a splash of liberty thrown in .
Fire departments are one example — run by local volunteers in most places out of town .
The only other place I know of with that kind of voluntary public service would be some small towns in America .
Guns and the military are yet another example .
Guns are everywhere — and crime is nowhere .
In fact they have at least two of the most peaceful , crime - free cities in the world — according to various online authorities .
Zurich even has a half - holiday in October for the " boy shooting " contest and American - style fair where young boys — and girls too — compete with assault rifles at targets .
The Swiss & the Nazis : ... Stephen P. Halbrook Best Price : $ 22.95 Buy New $ 75.98 ( as of 09:55 EST - Details )
Their defensive militia was feared even by Hitler and has stayed where it belongs — at home — without barging around the world murdering innocent people who get in the way .
Somehow they have been protected without pre-emptive murder or decimating their families around the world .
Then there is Swiss banking ; that bastion for something like a third of the world 's cross - border invested private wealth .
The Swiss stance on bank secrecy might best be described as neutrality , in the war of States against their citizens — with private leanings in favour of the oppressed citizens .
If there is anyone in the world I would trust with my money it would be one of the unincorporated , unlimited - liability Swiss Private Bank partnerships .
If I had to choose any other kind of bank , Switzerland would still be at the top of the list , even taking into account several South and Central American countries with , on paper , stronger privacy .
All of this entrusted wealth is certainly not due to government , and even the bankers are merely beneficiaries of an environment entirely due to a streak of liberty within the Swiss people .
This goes back even beyond the William Tell rebellion of the 14th century .
Whether the details of that are myth or not , the popularity of the story reflects the traditional fighting spirit of the Swiss people when it comes to imposition by the State .
It goes back into the particularly deep Christian roots of Switzerland — which seems to have had just about the right mix of denominational dissent to have prevented them being absorbed into the State .
There is no denying the very Christian nature of the Swiss , both historically and still today — even if misplaced faith in the State is now more of a contender .
Politics and Taxes
Swiss politics is interesting in that it is so decentralized .
I have heard that the Swiss confederation even acted as a model for the United States .
In some local elections voting is done by simply a show of hands in the local village hall or in the open air .
In 1978 , the region of Jura actually seceded from the jurisdiction of Bern and technically from Switzerland , to be later readmitted in its own right .
This could only happen because Switzerland is not really a single country , but a confederation of largely autonomous " cantons " — 26 in all — and these cantons compete amongst each other , such as in providing the most favourable business and tax climate .
A visit to the site comparis.ch will show that one of the choices the Swiss people have is the amount of tax they pay .
As one example , the canton of Obwalden formerly had one of the higher tax rates , but to compete brought it down to a flat 10 % — though cantons Zug and Schwyz are better known for their low taxes .
In the south , cantons Vaud , Geneva and the Italian - speaking Ticino are currently lowest .
Also , it is perfectly possible for any reasonably wealthy person to cut a special deal with a canton for a much lower rate .
In fact , the wealthier the better — the lack of social envy and its politics is unusual and noteworthy .
There are also occasional amnesties to provide for tax which is not paid .
The evaded amounts are actually lower percentage - wise than the much more oppressive surrounding countries .
This can only be due to lower rates , more local accountability and less violent collection methods leading to less resentment and motivation for resistance .
Tax evasion , if found out , might land an offender in a somewhat uncomfortable civil action , but it is not a crime .
The Enemy Within
Of course , in recent years the Federal State has made inroads that are unprecedented .
This also means that there is now a significant class of federal officials — and therein lies the real threat to the liberties of the Swiss .
In addition to the usual busybody motivations , there are ambitious pro-EU infiltrators within the system .
For example , the people wo n't give up their guns — so some politicians are now after their ammunition .
Because if they can get it all , the balance of raw last - resort power ultimately shifts from the people to the State , as it did long ago in most other European countries .
Then , with the complete legal abandonment of gold in the Swiss Franc a decade ago — although implementation began just 5 years ago , with the support of the Right — the tentacles of the central banking elite are spreading widely .
Also spreading far and wide is their stupidity ( and / or conspiracy ) — such as in massively risky Eastern European loans with the newly created " money " .
But the establishment has at least been restrained by the decentralized Swiss system , and politicians do not have the unaccountable free hand that those in other countries have .
In addition , they can always be held back by the powerful mechanism of a referendum .
The Swiss referendum is not a tool of dictators like in some other countries , where the State gets to choose and phrase the question to its own advantage , or to keep asking till it gets the answer it wants .
It may potentially be a " majoritarian " tool , but a Swiss referendum can be initiated by any citizen who can raise the required 50,000 signatures .
Short of cantons actually seceding , it is this referendum — as well as the restraint that even its threat provides — that is the real hope for Switzerland ; because even if less extreme than elsewhere , the Swiss parties have fallen into the trap of the false Left - Right paradigm .
Left , Right and Centre
The Centre - Left has held the limited reins of consensus power in Switzerland since the 1950s , with a token representation from the Right .
The Left may have some strengths , but many weaknesses .
One of their main weaknesses is the expansion and intrusion of the State into financial affairs — specifically , taxation .
It was the Left therefore that recently caused widespread outrage amongst the Swiss people by appearing to weaken or even abandon Swiss bank secrecy .
Rarely had such strong language been used as was later heard in Parliament and rarely , if ever , had words like " treason " been used before of politicians in a mainstream newspaper — La Liberté of Fribourg is well named .
The Swiss people themselves remain strongly behind bank secrecy — perhaps 75 % of them — and within Switzerland , even the taxman cannot violate this .
Yet somehow , to the puzzlement of statists around the world , Switzerland still survives and does so as one of the richest , most blessed and most peaceful countries in the world .
The Right does include some overt bigots ( the Left having better camouflage ) , but it also includes some who will stand firm on critical issues .
And the Right are rising — which is welcome if only as a counterbalance , despite the inevitable strains of nationalism , regimentation and authoritarianism .
Thankfully the Swiss people have often rejected the excesses of both Left and Right , even if they have been unable to quite put their finger on liberty as the sole outcome they are looking for .
By and large , for example , they want to be civil with their European neighbours and they do n't generally harass foreigners within — but nor do they want other countries or cultures poking them in the eye .
The Backlash Begins
Such was the case in recent days , after the French tried to use stolen HSBC Geneva account details to put pressure on Switzerland .
A scheduled tax information - sharing agreement has therefore been put on indefinite hold .
Long may it be obstructed .
Hans Rudolph Merz , the cowering Swiss Prime Minister / Finance Minister spearheading the recent sell - outs , has been forced to show some spine or let his party face the wrath of the voters in coming elections .
But here is a key fact : none of the recent information - sharing agreements have been approved by Parliament nor have they been tested in the Swiss courts .
Many elements of the UBS debacle ( not all bad news ) were certainly illegal , and on Friday January 8 , a Swiss court ruled as much .
On top of this , the youth wing of the Swiss People 's Party along with a small party in the Italian speaking canton of Ticino , have been actively gathering signatures for a referendum on the issue of bank secrecy .
Best of all , a recent poll has shown that the more Switzerland is bullied to end it , the more strongly the Swiss people support bank secrecy .
When even Swissinfo ( the Swiss BBC - type federal website ) are talking in more than one article of a bank secrecy fight - back , there must be something to it .
It was politicians and officials , not the people of Switzerland , who betrayed the account holders that gave Switzerland their trust .
Unless their Parliament , judges and courts do likewise — and with the support of the people in a referendum — I do not believe that Swiss bank secrecy is dead .
Even as things stand with the new information - sharing agreements , if an account holder can keep the account secret , the Swiss will too .
Those agreements , although disgraceful , do not automatically share information — a foreign government would have to first obtain account details , and then lodge a specific information request along with enough evidence .
The account holder also has an appeal process within Switzerland .
But like Swiss cheese , their bank secrecy does have holes and privacy steps are absolutely essential to retain it .
One compromise as recently as in the nineties was to end anonymous accounts .
If these were still in place , nobody would care about data theft .
But instead , events have confirmed that registration leads to confiscation — in this case of wealth .
Other privacy concerns include overseas bank transfers and card transactions which , without precautions , can disclose account details for the world to see .
Down But Not Out
But numbered or pseudonymous accounts are still possible as well as corporate , trust and nominee arrangements — with second passports also being very useful .
With such steps in place , the main privacy risk is in the internet activity log recorded at the client 's end .
Without Practical Internet Privacy steps ( part 2 ) this leaves a record in place that contains the name of the bank and that leads right to the door of the account holder .
Ordinary telecoms ( except possibly throwaway mobile phones , in an emergency only ) and even the post ( use a mail drop and / or mail held at the bank ) are also now potential giveaways .
Other than these privacy measures at the client 's end , it now all rests with those 7.7 million people in the Alps , whose ancestors held off even the Nazis .
Time will tell whether the current generation have been brainwashed enough to surrender .
I do n't think so .
Join me in praying they will be able to stand — much private wealth depends upon Switzerland as a place of escape and safety .
And the Swiss people are going to be tested again — previous compromises have made that a certainty .
Just like appeasing the schoolyard bully .
But I do expect in 2010 there will be a fight - back .
Internal officials and politicians with allegiance to the State , the EU , and / or central - banking globalists will try and dampen it by fobbing the Swiss people off with some rhetoric or window dressing .
But I am hopeful there will also be a real backlash .
The last time Swiss banking was attacked with such intensity was in the thirties , when France tried to pry open bank accounts , followed by the Nazis .
That was when existing bank secrecy was codified into law under penalty of imprisonment .
It is in the years since , that Switzerland has become one of the richest countries per capita in the world — with banking and the respected quality products associated with its wealthy clientele , as economic mainstays .
It is a different generation now , and I never put all my trust in people — mainly because they are human .
But if I had to trust one bunch of people , all in one place at one time — with a fat wad of cash , bullion or gold certificates — it would still have to be the Swiss .
A Resolution and a Conclusion
I hope many readers will resolve in 2010 to get some sort of Swiss bank account — if only to annoy their governments or to act as a cloud of cover for others .
Perhaps start with a small account , preferably locally based and not a multinational — maybe a cantonal bank .
Keep it big enough to be respectable and small enough not to be legally reportable ( $ 10,000 in the US ) , or just enough over to add a little excitement .
As a very worst case scenario , in the extremely unlikely event of an investigation , you can even enjoy fighting tooth and nail with the tax collectors — and leisurely decide if or when to cave in , eventually , after they have expended much energy for little or nothing .
Then put it down to serving your fellow - man and get a new account .
But with basic precautions , there is no reason for this to ever happen and if , as I expect , the Swiss make some amends for the current situation , you will have a very private and useful bastion of private property in place for the future .
However , it might be a good idea to keep that particular account small , as a semi-public or " pass - through " account .
Depending upon events , you could later put more serious amounts into a different multi-currency or precious metals account , knowing your money to be in the safest possible hands — but still remaining useable for business , investing or trading , unlike a buried cache of gold coins .
One other positive thing about Switzerland is that , at many banks , gold is as easily obtained and transferred as foreign exchange .
The dynamics of liberty and society are difficult to analyse in the best of times — and especially so in the short term .
Nevertheless , I am basing this article on the premise that the Swiss people mean what the recent polls ( and many before them ) say they do .
If you look as most do , at the Swiss government , or listen to the OECD — or even to the new head of the Swiss Bankers Association — then bank secrecy is dead .
But Switzerland is not like other top down societies , and I prefer to look at the Swiss people .
It is they who will have the last word .
For all they have done for private wealth in the world and for their unwavering support for bank secrecy — even through an intense assault in a time of crisis —
I think the Swiss people deserve three cheers :
Hip-hip …
P.S. Here is a nice collection of high quality Swiss desktop backgrounds , plus a few more in ultra HQ ( warning : these are .zip files ) .
January 9 , 2010
The Best of Paul Green
A great deal has been made of the Massachusetts Senate race that will , sometime tonight , fill the seat once occupied by Ted Kennedy .
Prevailing wisdom suggests that a Scott Brown win could spell the end of the Democrat ’s health care reform , just as a Martha Coakley victory might guarantee their passage .
As a result , the race has been launched into the national spotlight and has become one of the highest - stakes Senate races in history .
While the nation waits to learn the verdict in the Coakley - Brown battle , it ’s worth mentioning the one inevitable outcome of the race .
Regardless of who emerges as the winner , the Massachusetts election will kick Democrat hubris into overdrive .
Coakley is facing a lot of left - wing heat for not running a serious campaign in the early days , allowing Brown to build momentum while she wasted time .
Largely , her inaction stems from the fact that Democrats never expected to be here in the first place .
The idea that a seat owned , for 40 years , by the almighty Ted Kennedy could be taken by a Republican was utterly inconceivable .
The Democratic National Committee , 100 % positive that the great unwashed would never dare to change course , put little emphasis on the race .
Their victory was a given .
Nationally , the Democrats still maintain the popularity of their president and his agenda .
They ’ve chosen , despite all the polling to the contrary , to deny the reality of their situation .
In this warped view , the American people are still enthralled with Obama and are still desperately desirous of his agenda .
Those who have deviated from the adulation are a deeply disturbed minority , unworthy of attention .
The very notion that the Democrats should entertain questions regarding the assuredness of their victory was beneath them .
How utterly devastated they must be , now that the people of Massachusetts have refused to play along .
Massachusetts is now a toss - up and some suggest that even if Coakley wins , the Obama agenda has been dealt a severe blow .
They argue that by coming so close in a deep blue state , Brown has shown the unpopularity of the Democrats ’ policies and the realization has finally managed to scare them .
As a result , Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) , Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) , and even the president will be forced to slow down or face decimation in November .
It ’s a nice thought .
Unfortunately , it ’s also a naïve pipe dream .
Never in the history of this nation have we been faced with a group of politicians so willing to ignore , and berate , their constituents .
Remember , these people have specifically said that the more people protest health care , the more they want to pass it .
To them , the will of the people is an obstacle , not a mandate .
Their policy was perfectly articulated by Jim Messina .
“ If you get hit , ” he said , “ we will punch back twice as hard . ”
The Massachusetts Senate race will in no way alter this strategy , it will only reinforce it .
If Coakley wins , they will ignore the evidence to the contrary and cite her victory as a mandate .
The people will have carefully weighed the administration ’s policies and , intelligent , well - informed folks that they are , will have come to a wise conclusion .
In the days that follow , they ’ll be everywhere , informing us of the fact that clearly , the Coakley vote was a demonstration of America ’s desire to support its president and his health care plans .
The national importance of a Democrat winning in Massachusetts will be presented as a clear indication that the nation is on the DNC bandwagon for good .
They will press ahead at lightning speed , ramming the measure through along party lines .
On the other hand , if Brown wins , it will be the fault of Martha Coakley .
Her poorly run campaign will be blamed for churning up dissent among an electorate that did n’t view the race as a referendum on anything more important than Curt Schilling ’s status as a Red Sox fan .
Make no mistake ; this was a local race , with no national bearing .
Those who voted for Brown solely to stop health care will , as always , be presented as the uneducated dullards that they are–a group of fringe radicals who just do n’t know what ’s best for themselves .
Coakley will have “ failed to get her message out there , ” leading to confusion among voters .
For the good of the American people Congressional Democrats will be forced to press ahead with reconciliation .
Either way , Massachusetts will only serve to fan the flames of Democratic hubris .
That the foolish masses dared to make this election as close as it is will lead Democrats only to the idea that the people of this country need to be taught a lesson .
On Sunday , President Obama again said he wanted to “ rebuild America from its foundation . ”
Those are the stakes .
Democrats are more than willing to sacrifice a few seats in their ongoing effort to dismantle this country .
So , regardless of who wins or loses tonight , they will only redouble their efforts and “ punch back twice as hard . ”
Robert Laurie writes a daily political commentary blog , The Robalution .
Robert holds a degree in English from Wayne State University , and has worked in advertising as a graphic designer and copy writer .
The following are perhaps the Top 10 questions I am asked about The Brady Bunch and its cast members .
By making this page available as part of my Web site , I 'm hoping to avoid having to answer these questions over and over again by e-mail .
Please note that many other common questions can be answered by visiting two other pages of this site .
Please read these pages thoroughly before sending any e-mail .
Encyclopedia Brady FAQ
A list of this Web site 's most frequently asked questions , including tips on where to find episodes on video , news about the original cast members , sound clips , fonts , music , books , etc. Brady Bunch Internet Resources
A comprehensive , annotated list of Web sites devoted to The Brady Bunch and its many spinoff shows and products .
1 . What happened to Mike and Carol 's first spouses ?
The only references to the boys ' mother and the girls ' father in the entire five - year run of the series occur briefly in the pilot ( and first episode ) , " The Honeymoon . "
A single scene with Mike and Bobby suggests quite strongly that Mrs. Brady died , though neither character explicitly says so .
A later scene with Mike and Carol only offers the vague suggestion of some previous trauma before Carol 's marriage to Mike .
She never refers directly to her former husband .
To read the entire relevant dialogue from both scenes described above , visit the encyclopedia entries for Mrs. Brady and Mr. Martin .
The characters ' full names were never revealed .
Sherwood Schwartz , the series ' creator , has given numerous interviews in which he has said that Mike was originally created as a widower and that Carol was supposed to be divorced .
However , when ABC refused to allow Carol to be described as divorced Schwartz said he made all references to her previous marriage deliberately vague .
Schwartz also has said that he always considered Carol divorced .
Despite Schwartz 's intentions , the series was described to the public as the marriage of a widow and widower .
Consider this excerpt from the 1969 " Fall Preview " issue of TV Guide :
This season 's widows - and - widowers epidemic reaches an inevitable climax in The Brady Bunch .
Widow ( Florence Henderson ) marries widower ( Robert Reed , late of The Defenders ) , and they live happily -- if frenetically -- ever after .
Seizing on the ambiguity of Carol 's earlier marriage , the writers of the 1996 movie A Very Brady Sequel based the plot on the return of Carol 's " long lost " husband , Roy Martin .
( His first name was never revealed in the TV show . )
The film , a spoof of the TV show just like 1995's The Brady Bunch Movie , explains exactly who Roy Martin is and what became of him .
However , it should be obvious that the situations in the movie have no relation to the continuity of the original television series .
2 . What was Carol 's maiden name ?
What was her first married name ?
In the series pilot ( also the first episode , " The Honeymoon " ) , Alice refers to Carol as " Mrs. Martin " in a breakfast scene with Mike and the boys before the wedding .
Presumably , this is her first married name .
Her parents are introduced as Mr. and Mrs. Tyler , so presumably she was born Carol Tyler .
3. Was Robert Reed gay ?
Did he die of AIDS ?
Reed was gay , or perhaps bisexual considering that he once was married and fathered a daughter .
However , he zealously guarded his privacy during his lifetime and to my knowledge never acknowledged his sexual orientation publicly in the media .
To their credit , Reed 's co-stars on The Brady Bunch refrained from discussing this subject while Reed was alive and only years after his death have they begun to offer respectful confirmation .
The subject of Reed 's homosexuality was addressed openly ( though a bit delicately ) on the " E! True Hollywood Story " about The Brady Bunch , which premiered on June 6 , 1999 .
In it , Florence Henderson said she first suspected Reed was gay when he appeared uncomfortable rehearsing an intimate scene with her during production of the series pilot in 1968 and voiced her suspicions to series creator Sherwood Schwartz .
Schwartz reflected that despite his many battles with Reed over the show , he sympathized with the actor 's inability to come out of the closet .
A few months later , TV Guide aired a prime - time special on sitcom scandals that covered much of the same ground .
In it , Barry Williams emotionally blasted the emphasis tabloids placed on Reed 's sexual orientation after his death .
On Oct. 16 , 1998 , Florence Henderson addressed this subject in the " Ask Flo " section of her official Web site , flohome.com .
Here 's her answer to the question :
Did the cast of The Brady Bunch know that Robert Reed was gay ?
Yes , we all did .
And it had no bearing on any of our lives .
We all adored him .
He knew I was heterosexual , and that was no big deal either !
Reed , whose real name was John Robert Rietz , died May 12 , 1992 , at Huntington Memorial Hospital in Pasadena , Calif .
His Los Angeles County death certificate notes that the immediate cause of death ( item 21 ) was " colon lymphoma " -- colon cancer -- and that he had been ill with cancer for six months prior to his death .
The death certificate also lists " human immunodeficiency virus infection " in a section labeled " other significant conditions contributing to death but not related to cause given in 21 . "
Consider this excerpt from a June 1 , 1992 , cover story in People about the show and Reed 's death : Interest in the series was also heightened -- tragically -- when Robert Reed , who played architect and paterfamilias Mike Brady , died May 12 at age 59 ( PEOPLE , May 25 ) .
His death , first attributed to colon cancer , was later revealed to have been hastened by AIDS .
" There were a few of us who knew that he was HIV positive , and we protected his privacy , " says Florence Henderson ( Reed 's TV wife , Carol Brady ) .
" I really , honestly do n't think everyone on the show knew .
I never discussed it with anyone except Barry Williams .
The others , even if they had known , would have protected his privacy . "
Williams and Susan Olsen ( Cindy ) agree that , for Reed , privacy was paramount .
" It does n't surprise me that he kept that information to himself , " says Williams , who pauses to add , " This is still emotionally charged for me .
My relationship with Bob was as a friend , father and actor . "
As to how or when Reed could have contracted AIDS , his TV family refuses to speculate .
" Nobody 's business , " says Olsen , when asked whether Reed -- who has a daughter from a marriage that ended in divorce in 1959 -- was gay .
Olsen thinks there 's a more important point for the public : " If AIDS can happen to Dad Brady , it can happen to you . "
Reed 's death certificate notes that his body was cremated and his ashes were returned to the family .
The Find A Grave Web site includes a photo of Reed 's tombstone at Memorial Park Cemetery in Skokie , Ill .
4 . How could Greg move into the attic when Mike had previously said it was too small ?
This is what 's known as a continuity error .
In episode 43 , " Our Son , the Man , " Greg briefly makes Mike 's den his funky , psychedelic bedroom .
During a bedroom scene with Mike and Carol in that episode , the subject of Greg moving into the attic is discussed and Mike makes a joke implying that no one could stand up inside the attic space .
In episode 94 , " A Room at the Top , " it is revealed that the attic is quite large and it eventually becomes Greg 's bedroom after a battle with Marcia .
The writers were either unaware of Mike 's earlier comment or ignored it when scripting the episode .
Clearly , the series was never intended to have a rigid continuity like Star Trek or The X - Files .
5 . What happened to the girls ' cat , Fluffy ?
The cat was never shown after the first episode , which depicted the chaos caused by Fluffy and the boys ' dog , Tiger , at Mike and Carol 's wedding .
Presumably , the family got rid of the cat after that .
6 . Where is the house used as the exterior of the Bradys ' home ?
I interviewed the home 's occupant for a 1994 story in the Los Angeles Times , " Chateau Brady . "
The owner , an elderly widow , values her privacy and asked that the newspaper not include her address in the article .
( The story notes that while she is good - natured about the attention the house continues to receive , she built a small wall around the front yard several years ago to keep visitors from walking on the property in an attempt to look in the windows . )
I continue to respect her wishes and will not give out the address to people who ask .
7 . Did another actress play Jan during the show ?
No .
All the original nine actors portrayed their characters from the pilot shot in 1968 to the last Brady Bunch episode aired on ABC in 1974 .
The confusion stems from subsequent spinoff shows that occasionally used different actors playing the Brady characters .
The following is a list of every exception ( except the satirical motion pictures ) : Geri Reischl played Jan Brady only in the short - lived Brady Bunch Hour variety series on ABC in 1977 ( and its lone pilot as The Brady Bunch Variety Hour in 1976 ) .
played Jan Brady only in the short - lived variety series on ABC in 1977 ( and its lone pilot as in 1976 ) .
Jennifer Runyon played Cindy Brady only in the 1988 CBS TV movie A Very Brady Christmas .
played Cindy Brady only in the 1988 CBS TV movie Leah Ayres played Marcia Brady only in the short - lived CBS dramatic series The Bradys , in 1990 .
8. Did Florence Henderson really date Barry Williams ?
In Chapter 13 of Williams ' 1992 book , Growing Up Brady , he describes one evening out on the town with Henderson .
During the promotion for the book that year , this innocent event was often described in breathless , tabloid terms as a " date . "
( Consider that Henderson was happily married at the time . )
The book chapter is misleadingly titled " Dating Your Mom . "
Here 's how Henderson responded to the question in the FAQ section of her Web site , flohome.com .
That whole thing with Barry got blown way out of proportion .
I guess in a sense it was a date , because Barry thought it was .
But of course , I had no idea that his intentions were to " date " me .
It has made for a good story though !
Did other Brady Bunch cast members date ?
Occasionally , as also described in Williams ' book .
Read it if you want more details .
9 . Have the Brady girls done porn ?
Have any posed nude ?
Here 's how TV Guide addressed the subject in regard to Susan Olsen in the July 24 - 30 , 1999 , issue :
Cindy on ' The Brady Bunch ' was dragged to death by a bus .
No , wait , she 's still alive , and doing porn movies !
Still flaxen - haired , full of life and fully clothed , 37 - year - old Susan Olsen , who played little Cindy Brady , has heard all the rumors .
She says the coat - in - the - bus - door story started in the 1970s with reports about an accident involving a girl with her name .
Jokes Olsen , " I always liked being rumored to be dead , because it put me in company with , like , Paul McCartney .
If you watch one of the ' Brady Bunch ' episodes backwards , you can hear Greg saying , ' I buried Cindy . ' "
As to the porn - star rumor , Olsen played an adult - film actress on " Divorce Court " in 1983 , but the more likely catalyst was the 1986 skin flick " Crocodile Blondee , " whose star resembled Olsen .
Her real résumé : graphic artist , 1983 - 95 ; radio host in L.A. , ' 96 ; full - time mom ( husband Mitch , 37 , works in sales ; son Michael is 2 ) .
Olsen was recently on the Game Show Network 's " Burt Luddin 's Love Buffet . "
" That sounds like a porn credit ! " she cries .
" Oh , great , the rumors will fly again . "
The following is adapted from a message I posted to the alt .tv.brady - bunch newsgroup on June 1 , 1998 .
Here 's the relevant portion of the Adult Movie FAQ , compiled by the regulars of rec.arts.movies.erotica and alt.sex.movies : http://www.rame.net/faq/part6.html
26.2 Do the Brady Girls Swallow ? [ updated ]
I do n't know ... maybe they spit , but I can tell you they 've never done porn ... but appearing nude ?
Could be .
Some people swear up and down that Maureen " Marcia " McCormick appeared nude , though they usually do n't remember the movie .
I asked Craig Hosoda ( author of the Bare Facts ) and he does n't think she did , but he did mention the movie " Texas Lightning " in his book .
To cloud the waters a little more , someone sent me this in the e- mail ...
Craig 's objection to " Texas Lightning " is that the scene he has in mind was " dark , hard to see " .
Nothing much to see with only home equipment .
But Craig MISSED the bar scene , where it is not dark .
Her nip - slip is merely very quick .
But yes , Maureen McCormick 's nipple was exposed .
So , the issue is cloudy .
I can't seem to find Texas Lightning in my area video stores , so I have come to rely on grainy vidcaps that people are kind enough to send to me .
Here 's the accompanying text from a poster from alt.binaries.nude.celebrities whom I have come to trust :
These are vidcaps attached to this message which came from the 1981 film , TEXAS LIGHTING - Although the shots were very brief , there WAS nudity with Maureen McCormick .
Some of these stills were published in an issue of Celebrity Sleuth ( and I recommend that magazine above all others - including THE BARE FACTS GUIDE - though , I , myself do not write for Sleuth and even Sleuth is not 100 % reliable )
These caps were done by yours truly and I do not alter or fake any vidcaps .
But , as we know , nudity does not equal hardcore porn in any aspect , anyway .
Susan " Cindy " Olsen was never in pornographic movies .
Nor is she , as according to another rumor that is widely circulated , dead .
She never committed suicide .
And she was never in an adult video .
And she 's not related to the Folger 's coffee lady .
In a recent interview with Howard Stern , Susan denied she ever revealed her body to the camera .
Howard was understandably disappointed .
A new reader of a.s.m. ( lemetro@io.org ) pointed out this little tidbit which I think does a pretty darned good job of explaining the " Cindy did Porn " rumor ...
" About 10 years ago or so there was this crappy American show called " Divorce Court " in which B and C list actors played the various parties in divorce cases supposedly drawn from real life .
In one of these Susan Olsen played a young woman who was attempting to divorce her abusive , sleazeball , etc. , etc. husband .
He had hooked her on heroin , blackmailed her and forced her to act in pornographic movies . "
" I suspect that someone , having just glanced at this show , could n't separate art from reality and leapt to the wrong conclusion and the rumor that she had done porn rose from this . "
I 'm told Susan Olsen is now a DJ for an LA radio station paired up with ex-MTV host and Blues Traveler video - posterboy , Ken Ober .
There have also been some fake pictures of Marcia floating around , and they are just that , fakes ... and poorly done ones at that .
I have not seen any vidcaps from the aforementioned " Texas Lightning . "
Obviously , the section is slightly out of date since Olsen is no longer a disc jockey at radio station KLSX - FM ( 97.1 ) in Los Angeles .
However , I still think it 's safe to say this is an urban myth .
Some additional thoughts to ponder :
Some have said that 1970s - era porn actress Dorothy LeMay ( " Taboo " ) bears a resemblance to the adult Susan Olsen .
Also , I 've heard a story that Olsen once helped a film - industry friend create sound effects for a science - fiction themed porn film .
Update : Olsen confirmed the sound effects story in a TV Guide prime - time special about sitcom scandals that aired in 1999 .
A couple of notes about the other actresses :
Eve Plumb played a teen - age prostitute in the " Dawn " TV movies and there 's a photo that constantly circulates which is frequently described as a nude shot of Maureen McCormick .
It 's pretty obviously not McCormick , just some other woman .
I think this may be where the FAQ's confused reference to " fake pictures of Marcia " comes from , though there 's nothing to suggest that the photo has McCormick 's face attached to someone else 's body .
Bottom line :
The evidence ( or lack of it ) suggests pretty strongly to me that this is a persistent urban myth that refuses to die .
10 .
Was there a red - haired , " lost " Brady sibling named Phoebe ?
NO .
As part of a mid-1998 advertising campaign to promote the original Brady Bunch episodes , the Nick at Nite cable television channel created a humorous -- and fictional -- set of commercials about a " lost " Brady character named Phoebe who was later edited out of the series and never seen again .
The ads used scenes from Brady Bunch episodes with a young , red - haired actress digitally inserted into the clips , a technique similar to the one that allowed Tom Hanks to interact with historical figures like President John F. Kennedy in Forrest Gump .
From the outrageous tone of the ads ( which also included phony " reminiscences " from cast members such as Florence Henderson , Barry Williams , Susan Olsen and Mike Lookinland ) , it should have been obvious that the entire campaign was a joke and that no character named Phoebe ever existed .
Astonishingly to me , many people believed it and have expressed genuine confusion ever since in the alt .
tv. brady - bunch newsgroup and in e-mail .
What this says about the gullibility and sophistication of the contemporary viewing public is pretty depressing .
To repeat :
There never was a character named Phoebe on The Brady Bunch .
It was a joke created by Nick at Nite and was not meant to be taken seriously .
Where can I find more information about The Brady Bunch and the cast members ?
Start by reading the Encyclopedia Brady FAQ , a list of this Web site 's most frequently asked questions , including tips on where to find episodes on video , news about the original cast members , sound clips , fonts , music , books , etc .
Also be sure to visit Brady Bunch Internet Resources , a comprehensive , annotated list of Web sites devoted to The Brady Bunch and its many spinoff shows and products .
Emotion Markup Language ( EmotionML ) 1.0 W3C Working Draft 29 October 2009
This version : http://www.w3.org/TR/2009/WD-emotionml-20091029/
Latest version : http://www.w3.org/TR/emotionml/
Previous version :
This is the first version .
Editor : Marc Schröder ( DFKI GmbH ) Authors : ( in alphabetic order ) Paolo Baggia ( Loquendo , S.p.A. ) Felix Burkhardt ( Deutsche Telekom AG ) Catherine Pelachaud ( Institut Telecom ) Christian Peter ( Fraunhofer Gesellschaft ) Enrico Zovato ( Loquendo , S.p.A. ) Copyright © 2009 W3C ® ( MIT , ERCIM , Keio ) , All Rights Reserved .
W3C liability , trademark and document use rules apply .
Abstract
As the web is becoming ubiquitous , interactive , and multimodal , technology needs to deal increasingly with human factors , including emotions .
The present draft specification of Emotion Markup Language 1.0 aims to strike a balance between practical applicability and scientific well - foundedness .
The language is conceived as a " plug - in " language suitable for use in three different areas : ( 1 ) manual annotation of data ; ( 2 ) automatic recognition of emotion - related states from user behavior ; and ( 3 ) generation of emotion - related system behavior .
Status of this document
This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication .
Other documents may supersede this document .
A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at http://www.w3.org/TR/.
This is the First Public Working Draft of " Emotion Markup Language ( EmotionML ) 1.0 " , published on 29 October 2009 .
The present draft specification draws on previous work in the Emotion Markup Language Incubator Group ( EmotionML XG , 2007 - 2008 ) that proposed elements of a generally usable markup language for emotions and related states , as well as the earlier Emotion Incubator Group ( 2006 - 2007 ) that had identified a comprehensive list of requirements arising from use cases of an Emotion Markup Language .
The present report reflects the starting point of formal specification .
The group expects a process of condensing this document into a simpler , ready - to - use specification which removes unclear parts of the draft and cuts redundancy with related languages such as [ EMMA ] .
This document was developed by the Multimodal Interaction Working Group .
The Working Group expects to advance this Working Draft to Recommendation Status .
Please send comments about this document to www-multimodal@w3.org ( with public archive ) .
Publication as a Working Draft does not imply endorsement by the W3C Membership .
This is a draft document and may be updated , replaced or obsoleted by other documents at any time .
It is inappropriate to cite this document as other than work in progress .
This document was produced by a group operating under the 5 February 2004 W3C Patent Policy .
W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection with the deliverables of the group ; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent .
An individual who has actual knowledge of a patent which the individual believes contains Essential Claim (s ) must disclose the information in accordance with section 6 of the W3C Patent Policy .
Conventions of this document
The key words " MUST " , " MUST NOT " , " REQUIRED " , " SHALL " , " SHALL NOT " , " SHOULD " , " SHOULD NOT " , " RECOMMENDED " , " MAY " , and " OPTIONAL " in this document are to be interpreted as described in [ RFC2119 ] .
Table of Contents
1 Introduction
Human emotions are increasingly understood to be a crucial aspect in human - machine interactive systems .
Especially for non-expert end users , reactions to complex intelligent systems resemble social interactions , involving feelings such as frustration , impatience , or helplessness if things go wrong .
Furthermore , technology is increasingly used to observe human - to - human interactions , such as customer frustration monitoring in call center applications .
Dealing with these kinds of states in technological systems requires a suitable representation , which should make the concepts and descriptions developed in the affective sciences available for use in technological contexts .
This report specifies Emotion Markup Language ( EmotionML ) 1.0 , a markup language designed to be usable in a broad variety of technological contexts while reflecting concepts from the affective sciences .
The report is work in progress .
Issue notes are used to describe open questions as well as available choices .
1.1 Reasons for defining an Emotion Markup Language
As for any standard format , the first and main goal of an EmotionML is twofold : to allow a technological component to represent and process data , and to enable interoperability between different technological components processing the data .
Use cases for EmotionML can be grouped into three broad types :
Manual annotation of material involving emotionality , such as annotation of videos , of speech recordings , of faces , of texts , etc ; Automatic recognition of emotions from sensors , including physiological sensors , speech recordings , facial expressions , etc. , as well as from multi-modal combinations of sensors ; Generation of emotion - related system responses , which may involve reasoning about the emotional implications of events , emotional prosody in synthetic speech , facial expressions and gestures of embodied agents or robots , the choice of music and colors of lighting in a room , etc .
Interactive systems are likely to involve both analysis and generation of emotion - related behavior ; furthermore , systems are likely to benefit from data that was manually annotated , be it as training data or for rule - based modelling .
Therefore , it is desirable to propose a single EmotionML that can be used in all three contexts .
Concrete examples of existing technology that could apply EmotionML include :
Opinion mining / sentiment analysis in Web 2.0 , to automatically track customer 's attitude regarding a product across blogs ;
Affective monitoring , such as ambient assisted living applications for the elderly , fear detection for surveillance purposes , or using wearable sensors to test customer satisfaction ;
Character design and control for games and virtual worlds ;
Social robots , such as guide robots engaging with visitors ;
Expressive speech synthesis , generating synthetic speech with different emotions , such as happy or sad , friendly or apologetic ;
Emotion recognition ( e.g. , for spotting angry customers in speech dialog systems ) ;
Support for people with disabilities , such as educational programs for people with autism .
The Emotion Incubator Group has listed 39 individual use cases for an EmotionML .
A second reason for defining an EmotionML is the observation that ad hoc attempts to deal with emotions and related states often lead people to make the same mistakes that others have made before .
The most typical mistake is to model emotions as a small number of intense states such as anger , fear , joy , and sadness ; this choice is often made irrespective of the question whether these states are the most appropriate for the intended application .
Crucially , the available alternatives that have been developed in the affective science literature are not sufficiently known , resulting in dead - end situations after the initial steps of work .
Careful consideration of states to study and of representations for describing them can help avoid such situations .
EmotionML makes scientific concepts of emotions practically applicable .
This can help potential users to identify the suitable representations for their respective applications .
1.2
The challenge of defining a generally usable Emotion Markup Language
Any attempt to standardize the description of emotions using a finite set of fixed descriptors is doomed to failure : even scientists cannot agree on the number of relevant emotions , or on the names that should be given to them .
Even more basically , the list of emotion - related states that should be distinguished varies depending on the application domain and the aspect of emotions to be focused .
Basically , the vocabulary needed depends on the context of use .
On the other hand , the basic structure of concepts is less controversial : it is generally agreed that emotions involve triggers , appraisals , feelings , expressive behavior including physiological changes , and action tendencies ; emotions in their entirety can be described in terms of categories or a small number of dimensions ; emotions have an intensity , and so on .
For details , see Scientific Descriptions of Emotions in the Final Report of the Emotion Incubator Group .
Given this lack of agreement on descriptors in the field , the only practical way of defining an EmotionML is the definition of possible structural elements , their valid child elements and attributes , but to allow users to " plug in " vocabularies that they consider appropriate for their work .
A central repository of such vocabularies can serve as a recommended starting point ; where that seems inappropriate , users can create their custom vocabularies .
An additional challenge lies in the aim to provide a generally usable markup , as the requirements arising from the three different use cases ( annotation , recognition , and generation ) are rather different .
Whereas manual annotation tends to require all the fine - grained distinctions considered in the scientific literature , automatic recognition systems can usually distinguish only a very small number of different states .
For the reasons outlined here , it is clear that there is an inevitable tension between flexibility and interoperability , which need to be weighed in the formulation of an EmotionML .
The guiding principle in the following specification has been to provide a choice only where it is needed ; to propose reasonable default options for every choice ; and , ultimately , to propose mapping mechanisms where that is possible and meaningful .
1.3 Glossary of terms
The terms related to emotions are not used consistently , neither in common use nor in the scientific literature .
The following glossary describes the intended meaning of terms in this document .
Action tendency Emotions have a strong influence on the motivational state of a subject .
Emotion theory associates emotions to a small set of so - called action tendencies , e.g. avoidance ( relates to fear ) , rejecting ( disgust ) etc .
Action tendencies can be viewed as a link between the outcome of an appraisal process and actual actions .
Affect / Affective state
In the scientific literature , the term " affect " is often used as a general term covering a range of phenomena called " affective states " , including emotions , moods , attitudes , etc .
Proponents of the term consider it to be more generic than " emotion " , in the sense that it covers both acute and long - term , specific and unspecific states .
In this report , the term " affect " is avoided so that the scope of the intended markup language is more easily accessible to the non-expert ; the term " affective state " is used interchangeably with " emotion - related state " .
Appraisal
The term " appraisal " is used in the scientific literature to describe the evaluation process leading to an emotional response .
Triggered by an " emotion - eliciting event " , an individual carries out an automatic , subjective assessment of the event , in order to determine the relevance of the event to the individual .
This assessment is carried out along a number of " appraisal dimensions " such as the novelty , pleasantness or goal conduciveness of the event .
Emotion
In this report , the term " emotion " is used in a very broad sense , covering both intense and weak states , short and long term , with and without event focus .
This meaning is intended to reflect the understanding of the term " emotion " by the general public .
In the scientific literature on emotion theories , the term " emotion " or " fullblown emotion " refers to intense states with a strong focus on current events , often in the context of the survival - benefiting function of behavioral responses such as " fight or flight " .
This reading of the term seems inappropriate for the vast majority of human - machine interaction contexts , in which more subtle states dominate ; therefore , where this reading is intended , the term " fullblown emotion " is used in this report .
Emotion - related state A cover term for the broad range of phenomena intended to be covered by this specification .
In the scientific literature , several kinds of emotion - related or affective states are distinguished , see Emotions and related states in the final report of the Emotion Incubator Group .
Emotion dimensions
A small number of continuous scales describing the most basic properties of an emotion .
Often three dimensions are used : valence ( sometimes named pleasure ) , arousal ( or activity / activation ) , and potency ( sometimes called control , power or dominance ) .
However , sometimes two , or more than three dimensions are used .
Fullblown emotion
Intense states with a strong focus on current events , often in the context of the survival - benefiting function of behavioral responses such as " fight or flight " .
2 Elements of Emotion Markup
The following sections describe the syntax of the main elements of EmotionML .
The specification is not yet fully complete .
Feedback is highly appreciated .
2.1 Document structure
2.1.1 Document root : The < emotionml > element
Annotation < emotionml > Definition
The root element of an EmotionML document .
Children
The element MUST contain one or more < emotion > elements .
It MAY contain a single < metadata > element .
Attributes Required : Namespace declaration for EmotionML , see EmotionML namespace .
: Optional : any other namespace declarations for application - specific namespaces .
: Occurrence
This is the root element -- it cannot occur as a child of any other EmotionML elements .
< emotionml > is the root element of a standalone EmotionML document .
It wraps a number of < emotion > elements into a single document .
It may contain a single < metadata > element , providing document - level metadata .
The < emotionml > element MUST define the EmotionML namespace , and may define any other namespaces .
Example :
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > ... </emotionml >
or
< em:emotionml xmlns:em = " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > ... </em:emotionml >
ISSUE :
It should be possible to specify , on the document level , default values for the vocabularies used for emotion representations .
Note :
One of the envisaged uses of EmotionML is to be used in the context of other markup languages .
In such cases , there will be no < emotionml > root element , but < emotion > elements will be used directly in other markup -- see Examples of possible use with other markup languages .
ISSUE : Should the < emotionml > element have a version attribute ?
If so , how would the version of EmotionML used be identified when using < emotion > elements directly in other markup ?
2.1.2 A single emotion annotation : The < emotion > element
Annotation < emotion > Definition
This element represents a single emotion annotation .
Children
All children are optional .
If present , the following child elements can occur only once : < category > ; < dimensions > ; < appraisals > ; < action - tendencies > ; < intensity > ; < metadata > .
If present , the following child elements may occur one or more times : < link > , < modality > .
There are no constraints on the combinations of children that are allowed .
Attributes Required : None for the moment , but see ISSUE on QNames below .
: Optional : date , the absolute date when the annotated event occurred .
timeRefURI , indicating the URI used to anchor a relative timestamp .
MUST be given if either timeRefAnchor or offsetToStart are specified .
timeRefAnchor , indicates whether to measure the time from the start or end of the interval designated with timeRefURI .
offsetToStart , specifies the offset for the start of input from the anchor point designated with timeRefURI and timeRefAnchor .
: Occurrence as a child of < emotionml > , or in any markup using EmotionML .
The < emotion > element represents an individual emotion annotation .
No matter how simple or complex its substructure is , it represents a single statement about the emotional content of some annotated item .
Where several statements about the emotion in a certain context are to be made , several < emotion > elements MUST be used .
See Examples of emotion annotation for illustrations of this issue .
Whereas it is possible to use < emotion > elements in a standalone < emotionml > document , a typical use case is expected to be embedding an < emotion > into some other markup -- see Examples of possible use with other markup languages .
ISSUE : Maybe it should be required that at least one of < category > , < dimensions > , < appraisals > and < action - tendencies > MUST be present ?
Otherwise it is possible not to say anything about the emotion as such .
Or should < intensity > be included in this list ?
Does it make sense to state the intensity of an emotion but not its nature ?
< emotion > tag may be the namespace definitions for custom vocabularies .
ISSUE : If the definition of vocabularies is done using QNames , an optional attribute of thetag may be the namespace definitions for custom vocabularies .
ISSUE :
The degree of consensus in the group regarding the name of this element needs clarification .
Clarification is also needed regarding the degree of consensus regarding the proposal not to include an attribute ' type ' and ' set ' , allowing for the explicit annotation of the type of affective state and the indication of the set of possible types of affective state .
ISSUE : Should an < emotion > be allowed to have an id attribute for unique reference ?
2.2 Representations of emotions and related states
2.2.1 The < category > element
Annotation < category >
Definition Description of an emotion or a related state using a single category .
Children None Attributes Required : set , a name or URI identifying the set of category names that can be used .
name , the name of the category , which must be contained in the set of categories identified in the set attribute .
: Optional : confidence , the annotator 's confidence that the annotation is correct .
: Occurrence A single < category > MAY occur as a child of < emotion > .
< category > describes an emotion or a related state in terms of a single category name , given as the value of the name attribute .
The name MUST belong to a clearly - identified set of category names , which MUST be defined according to Defining vocabularies for representing emotions .
The set of legal values of the name attribute is indicated in the set attribute of the < category > element .
Different sets can be used , depending on the requirements of the use case .
In particular , different types of emotion - related / affective states can be annotated by using appropriate value sets .
set attribute is used to identify the named set of possible values .
Whether a set attribute should actually be used , and if so , the format of its attribute values , needs to be clarified in the context of ISSUE :
The details of the definition of sets of values need to be sorted out .
Throughout this draft , aattribute is used to identify the named set of possible values .
Whether aattribute should actually be used , and if so , the format of its attribute values , needs to be clarified in the context of Defining vocabularies .
This issue is related to the section Considerations regarding the validation of EmotionML documents
Examples :
In the following example , the emotion category " satisfaction " is being annotated ; it must be contained in the set of values named " everydayEmotions " .
< emotion > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name= " satisfaction " /> </emotion >
The following is an annotation of an interpersonal stance " distant " which must belong to the set of values named " commonInterpersonalStances " .
< emotion > < category set=" commonInterpersonalStances " name = " distant " /> </emotion >
2.2.2 The < dimensions > element
Annotation < dimensions >
Definition Description of an emotion or a related state using a set of dimensions .
Children < dimensions > MUST contain one or more dimension elements .
The names of dimension elements which may occur as valid child elements are defined by the set attribute .
Attributes Required : set , a name or URI identifying the set of dimension names that can be used .
: Optional : confidence , the annotator 's confidence that the entirety of dimensional annotation given is correct .
: Occurrence A single < dimensions >
MAY occur as a child of < emotion > .
Annotation Dimension elements Definition Annotation of a single emotion dimension .
The tag name must be contained in the list of values identified by the set attribute of the enclosing < dimensions > element .
Children Optionally , a dimension MAY have a < trace > child element .
Attributes Required : ( none )
: Optional : value , the ( constant ) scale value of this dimension .
confidence , the annotator 's ( constant ) confidence that the annotation given for this dimension is correct .
: Occurrence Dimension elements occur as children of < dimensions > .
Valid tag names are constrained to the set of dimension names identified in the set attribute of the < dimensions > parent element .
For any given dimension name in the set , zero or one occurrences are allowed within a < dimensions > element .
A < dimensions > element describes an emotion or a related state in terms of a set of emotion dimensions .
The names of the emotion dimensions MUST belong to a clearly - identified set of dimension names , which MUST be defined according to Defining vocabularies for representing emotions .
The set of values that can be used as tag names of child elements of the < dimensions > element is indicated in the set attribute of the < dimensions > element .
Different sets can be used , depending on the requirements of the use case .
set attribute .
Whether a set attribute should actually be used , and if so , the format of its attribute values , needs to be clarified in the context of ISSUE :
The details of the definition of sets of values need to be sorted out .
Throughout this draft , we assume the use of aattribute .
Whether aattribute should actually be used , and if so , the format of its attribute values , needs to be clarified in the context of Defining vocabularies .
This issue is related to the section Considerations regarding the validation of EmotionML documents
There are no constraints regarding the order of the dimension child elements within a < dimensions > element .
Any given dimension is either unipolar or bipolar ; its value attribute MUST contain either discrete or continuous Scale values .
ISSUE : the definition of the set of dimensions should include the detailed constraints on valid values of the value attribute .
A dimension element MUST either contain a value attribute or a < trace > child element , corresponding to static and dynamic representations of Scale values , respectively .
If the dimension element has both a confidence attribute and a < trace > child , the < trace > child MUST NOT have a samples - confidence attribute .
In other words , it is possible to either give a constant confidence on the dimension element or a confidence trace on the < trace > element , but not both .
Examples :
One of the most widespread sets of emotion dimensions used ( sometimes by different names ) is the combination of valence , arousal and potency .
Assuming that arousal and potency are unipolar scales with typical values between 0 and 1 , and valence is a bipolar scale with typical values between - 1 and 1 , the following example is a state of rather low arousal , very positive valence , and high potency -- in other words , a relaxed , positive state with a feeling of being in control of the situation :
< emotion > < dimensions set=" valenceArousalPotency " > < arousal value= " 0.3 " /><!-- lower - than - average arousal --> < valence value= " 0.9 " /><!-- very high positive valence --> < potency value= " 0.8 " /><!-- relatively high potency --> </dimensions > </emotion >
In some use cases , custom sets of application - specific dimensions will be required .
The following example uses a custom set of dimensions , defining a single , bipolar dimension " friendliness " .
< emotion > < dimensions set=" myFriendlinessDimension " > < friendliness value= " - 0.7 " /><!-- a pretty unfriendly person --> </dimensions > </emotion >
Different use cases require continuous or discrete Scale values ; the following example uses discrete values for a bipolar dimension " valence " and a unipolar dimension " arousal " .
< emotion > < dimensions set=" discreteValenceArousal " > < arousal value= " very high " /> < valence value= " slightly negative " /> </dimensions > </emotion >
2.2.3 The < appraisals > element
Annotation < appraisals >
Definition Description of an emotion or a related state using appraisal variables .
Children < appraisals > MUST contain one or more appraisal elements .
The names of appraisal elements which may occur as valid child elements are identified by the set attribute .
Attributes Required : set , a name or URI identifying the set of appraisal names that can be used .
: Optional : confidence , the annotator 's confidence that the entirety of appraisals annotation given is correct .
: Occurrence A single < appraisals >
MAY occur as a child of < emotion > .
Annotation Appraisal elements Definition Annotation of a single emotion appraisal .
The tag name must be contained in the list of values identified by the set attribute of the enclosing < appraisals > element .
Children Optionally , a appraisal MAY have a < trace > child element .
Attributes Required : ( none )
: Optional : value , the ( constant ) scale value of this appraisal .
confidence , the annotator 's ( constant ) confidence that the annotation given for this appraisal is correct .
: Occurrence Appraisal elements occur as children of < appraisals > .
Valid tag names are constrained to the set of appraisal names identified in the set attribute of the < appraisals > parent element .
For any given appraisal name in the set , zero or one occurrences are allowed within an < appraisals > element .
An < appraisals > element describes an emotion or a related state in terms of a set of appraisals .
The names of the appraisals MUST belong to a clearly - identified set of appraisal names , which MUST be defined according to Defining vocabularies for representing emotions .
The set of values that can be used as tag names of child elements of the < appraisals > element is indicated in the set attribute of the < appraisals > element .
Different sets can be used , depending on the requirements of the use case .
set attribute .
Whether a set attribute should actually be used , and if so , the format of its attribute values , needs to be clarified in the context of ISSUE :
The details of the definition of sets of values need to be sorted out .
Throughout this draft , we assume the use of aattribute .
Whether aattribute should actually be used , and if so , the format of its attribute values , needs to be clarified in the context of Defining vocabularies .
This issue is related to the section Considerations regarding the validation of EmotionML documents
There are no constraints regarding the order of the appraisal child elements within a < appraisals > element .
Any given appraisal is either unipolar or bipolar ; its value attribute MUST contain either discrete or continuous Scale values .
ISSUE : the definition of the set of appraisals should include the detailed constraints on valid values of the value attribute .
An appraisal element MUST either contain a value attribute or a < trace > child element , corresponding to static and dynamic representations of Scale values , respectively .
If the appraisal element has both a confidence attribute and a < trace > child , the < trace > child MUST NOT have a samples - confidence attribute .
In other words , it is possible to either give a constant confidence on the appraisal element , or a confidence trace on the < trace > element , but not both .
Examples :
One of the most widespread sets of emotion appraisals used is the appraisals set proposed by K.
Scherer , namely novelty , intrinsic pleasantness , goal / need significance , coping potential , and norm / self compatibility .
Another very widespread set of emotion appraisals , used in particular in computational models of emotion , is the OCC set of appraisals ( Ortony et al. , 1988 ) , which includes the consequences of events for oneself or for others , the actions of others and the perception of objects .
Assuming some appraisal variables , say novelty is a unipolar scale with typical values between 0 and 1 , and intrinsic pleasantness is a bipolar scale with typical values between - 1 and 1 , the following example is a state arising from the evaluation of an unpredicted and quite unpleasant event :
< emotion > < appraisals set = " Scherer_appraisals_checks " > < novelty value= " 0.8 " /> < intrinsic - pleasantness value= " - 0.5 " /> </ appraisals > </emotion >
In some use cases , custom sets of application - specific appraisals will be required .
The following example uses a custom set of appraisals , defining single , bipolar appraisal " likelihood " .
< emotion > < appraisals set=" myLikelihoodAppraisal " > < likelihood value= " 0.8 " /><!-- a very predictable event --> </ appraisals > </emotion >
Different use cases require continuous or discrete Scale values ; the following example uses discrete values for a bipolar appraisal " intrinsic - pleasantness " and a unipolar appraisal " novelty " .
< emotion > < appraisals set=" discreteSchererAppraisals " > < novelty value= " very high " /> < intrinsic - pleasantness value= " slightly negative " /> </ appraisals > </emotion >
2.2.4 The < action - tendencies > element
Annotation < action - tendencies >
Definition Description of an emotion or a related state using a set of action tendencies .
Children < action - tendencies > MUST contain one or more action - tendency elements .
The names of action - tendency elements which may occur as valid child elements are identified by the set attribute .
Attributes Required : set , a name or URI identifying the set of action - tendency names that can be used .
: Optional : confidence , the annotator 's confidence that the entirety of action - tendency annotation given is correct .
: Occurrence A single < action - tendencies >
MAY occur as a child of < emotion > .
Annotation Action - tendency elements Definition Annotation of a single action - tendency .
The tag name must be contained in the list of values identified by the set attribute of the enclosing < action - tendencies > element .
Children Optionally , an action - tendency MAY have a < trace > child element .
Attributes Required : ( none )
: Optional : value , the ( constant ) scale value of this action - tendency .
confidence , the annotator 's ( constant ) confidence that the annotation given for this action - tendency is correct .
: Occurrence action - tendency elements occur as children of < action - tendencies > .
Valid tag names are constrained to the set of action - tendency names identified in the set attribute of the < action - tendencies > parent element .
For any given action - tendency name in the set , zero or one occurrences are allowed within a < action - tendencies > element .
An < action - tendencies > element describes an emotion or a related state in terms of a set of action - tendencies .
The names of the action - tendencies MUST belong to a clearly - identified set of action - tendency names , which MUST be defined according to Defining vocabularies for representing emotions .
The set of values that can be used as tag names of child elements of the < action - tendencies > element is indicated in the set attribute of the < action - tendencies > element .
Different sets can be used , depending on the requirements of the use case .
set attribute .
Whether a set attribute should actually be used , and if so , the format of its attribute values , needs to be clarified in the context of ISSUE :
The details of the definition of sets of values need to be sorted out .
Throughout this draft , we assume the use of aattribute .
Whether aattribute should actually be used , and if so , the format of its attribute values , needs to be clarified in the context of Defining vocabularies .
This issue is related to the section Considerations regarding the validation of EmotionML documents
There are no constraints regarding the order of the action - tendency child elements within a < action - tendencies > element .
Any given action - tendency is either unipolar or bipolar ; its value attribute MUST contain either discrete or continuous Scale values .
ISSUE : the definition of the set of action - tendencies should include the detailed constraints on valid values of the value attribute .
A action - tendency element MUST either contain a value attribute or a < trace > child element , corresponding to static and dynamic representations of Scale values , respectively .
If the action - tendency element has both a confidence attribute and a < trace > child , the < trace > child MUST NOT have a samples - confidence attribute .
In other words , it is possible to either give a constant confidence on the action - tendency element , or a confidence trace on the < trace > element , but not both .
Examples :
One well known use of action tendencies is by N. Frijda who generally uses the term " action readiness " .
This model uses a number of action tendencies that are low level , diffuse behaviors from which more concrete actions could be determined .
An example of someone attempting to attract someone they like by being confident , strong and attentive might look like this using unipolar values :
< emotion > < action - tendencies set=" frijdaActionReadiness " > < approach value= " 0.7 " /><!-- get close --> < avoid value= " 0.0 " /> < being - with value= " 0.8 " /><!-- be happy --> < attending value= " 0.7 " /><!-- pay attention --> < rejecting value= " 0.0 " /> < non-attending value= " 0.0 " /> < agonistic value= " 0.0 " /> < interrupting value= " 0.0 " /> < dominating value= " 0.7 " /><!-- be assertive --> < submitting value= " 0.0 " /> </action - tendencies > </emotion >
In some use cases , custom sets of application - specific action - tendencies will be required .
The following example shows control values for a robot who works in a factory and uses a custom set of action - tendencies , defining example actions for a robot using bipolar and unipolar values .
< emotion > < action - tendencies set=" myRobotActionTendencies " > < charge - battery value= " 0.9 " /><!-- need to charge battery soon , be - with charger --> < pickup - boxes value= " - 0.2 " /><!-- feeling tired , avoid work --> </action - tendencies > </emotion >
Different use cases require continuous or discrete Scale values ; the following example shows control values for a robot who works in a factory and uses discrete values for a bipolar action - tendency " pickup - boxes " and a unipolar action - tendency " seek - shelter " .
< emotion > < action - tendencies set=" myRobotActionTendencies " > < seek - shelter value= " very high " /><!-- started to rain , approach shelter --> < pickup - boxes value= " slightly negative " /><!-- feeling tired , avoid work --> </action - tendencies > </emotion >
2.2.5 The < intensity > element
Annotation < intensity > Definition Represents the intensity of an emotion .
Children Optionally , an < intensity > element MAY have a < trace > child element .
Attributes Required : ( none )
: Optional : value , the ( constant ) scale value of the intensity .
confidence , the annotator 's confidence that the annotation given for this intensity is correct .
: Occurrence One < intensity > item MAY occur as a child of < emotion > .
< intensity > represents the intensity of an emotion .
The < intensity > element MUST either contain a value attribute or a < trace > child element , corresponding to static and dynamic representations of scale values , respectively .
< intensity > is a unipolar scale .
If the < intensity > element has both a confidence attribute and a < trace > child , the < trace > child MUST NOT have a samples - confidence attribute .
In other words , it is possible to either give a constant confidence on the < intensity > element , or a confidence trace on the < trace > element , but not both .
A typical use of intensity is in combination with < category > .
However , in some emotion models ( e.g. Gebhard , 2005 ) , the emotion 's intensity can also be used in combination with a position in emotion dimension space , that is in combination with < dimensions > .
Therefore , intensity is specified independently of < category > .
Example :
A weak surprise could accordingly be annotated as follows .
< emotion > < intensity value = " 0.2 " /> < category set=" everydayEmotions " name = " surprise " / > </emotion >
The fact that intensity is represented by an element makes it possible to add meta-information .
For example , it is possible to express a high confidence that the intensity is low , but a low confidence regarding the emotion category , as shown as the last example in the description of confidence .
2.3 Meta-information
2.3.1
The confidence attribute
Annotation confidence Definition
A representation of the degree of confidence or probability that a certain element of the representation is correct .
Occurrence An optional attribute of < category > , < dimensions > , < appraisals > and < action - tendencies > elements , of dimension , appraisal and action - tendency elements and of < intensity > .
Confidence MAY be indicated separately for each of the Representations of emotions and related states .
For example , the confidence that the < category > is assumed correctly is independent from the confidence that its < intensity > is correctly indicated .
Rooted in the tradition of statistics a confidence is usually given in an interval from 0 to 1 , resembling a probability .
This is an intuitive range opposing e.g. ( logarithmic ) score values .
However , additionally a given yet limited number of discrete values may often be sufficient and more intuitive .
Insofar , the confidence is a unipolar Scale value .
Legal values :
a floating - point value from the interval [ 0; 1 ] ;
a fixed number of discrete values ( see ISSUE note of the value attribute ) .
confidence consistent with ISSUE : Should legal numeric values be in the range of [ 0,2 ] to allow for exaggeration ?
This would makeconsistent with Scale values
confidence with ISSUE : Check potential redundancy ofwith emma:confidence
Examples :
In the following one simple example is provided for each element that MAY carry a confidence attribute .
The first example uses a verbal discrete scale value to indicate a very high confidence that surprise is the emotion to annotate .
< emotion > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name = " surprise " confidence= " ++ " /> </emotion >
The next example illustrates using continuous scale values for confidence to indicate that the annotation of high arousal is probably correct , but the annotation of slightly positive valence may or may not be correct .
Note that the choice of verbal vs. numeric scales between the emotion < dimension > and its confidence is totally independent , i.e. it is fully possible to use verbally specified emotion dimensions with numerically specified confidence ( as in this example ) or any other combination of verbal and numeric scales .
< emotion > < dimensions set=" valenceArousal " > < arousal value= " ++ " confidence = " 0.9 " /> < valence value= " + " confidence = " 0.3 " /> </dimensions > </emotion >
Accordingly , an example of < appraisals > using verbal scales for both the appraisal dimensions themselves and for the confidence .
Note that the confidence is always unipolar , but that some of the appraisal dimensions are bipolar .
< emotion > < appraisals set= " Scherer_appraisals_checks " > < novelty value= " ++ " confidence= " + " /> < intrinsic - pleasantness value= " -- " confidence= " ++ " /> </ appraisals > </emotion >
The example for action tendencies demonstrates an alternative realisation : the example shows confidence as an attribute of the entire group of action tendencies ; the confidence indicated ( rather high ) therefore applies to all action tendencies contained .
< emotion > < action - tendencies set=" approachAvoidFlightFlight " confidence = " 0.8 " > < approach value= " 0.9 " /> < avoid value= " 0.0 " /> < flight - flight value= " 0.9 " /> </action - tendencies > </emotion >
Finally , an example for the case of < intensity > :
A high confidence is named that the emotion has a low intensity .
< emotion > < intensity value = " 0.1 " confidence = " 0.8 " /> </emotion >
Note that , as stated , obviously an emotional annotation can be a combination of some or all of the above , as in the following example : the intensity of the emotion is quite probably low , but if we have to guess , we would say the emotion is boredom .
< emotion > < intensity value = " 0.1 " confidence = " 0.8 " /> < category set=" everydayEmotions " name= " boredom " confidence = " 0.1 " /> </emotion >
confidence shall be allowed as attribute of global metadata .
ISSUE : It remains to be decided whethershall be allowed as attribute of global metadata .
Further , a tag might be needed to link a confidence to a method by which it has been determined , given that emotion recognition systems may use several methods for determining confidence in parallel .
2.3.2 The < modality > element
Annotation < modality > Definition Element used for the annotation of modality .
Children None Attributes Required : set , a name or URI identifying the set of modality names that can be used .
mode , the name of the modality , which must be contained in the set of modalities identified in the set attribute .
: Optional : medium , the name of the medium through which the emotion has been observed .
It must be contained in the set of media named in the set attribute .
: Occurrence
This element MAY occur as a child of any < emotion > element .
The < modality > element is used to annotate the modes in which the emotion is reflected .
The mode attribute can contain values from a closed set of values , namely those specified by the set attribute .
For example , a basic or default set could include values like face , voice , body and text .
The mode and medium attributes can contain a list of space separated values , in order to indicate multimodal input or output .
mode and medium attributes .
For mode , common values are " voice " , " face " , " body " , and " text " .
For medium those from EMMA could be used : " acoustic " , " visual " and " tactile " , complemented by " infrared " for infrared cameras and " bio " or " physio " for physiological readings ( to be discussed ) .
ISSUE : Standard values should be defined for theandattributes .
For , common values are " voice " , " face " , " body " , and " text " .
Forthose from EMMA could be used : " acoustic " , " visual " and " tactile " , complemented by " infrared " for infrared cameras and " bio " or " physio " for physiological readings ( to be discussed ) .
The advantages of including a medium attribute , at the cost of a more complex syntax , are :
The possibility of annotating modalities which are observed through different media
The possibility of annotating modalities with two different levels of detail
The use of this attribute to group more modalities into broader classes for processing reasons .
modality with ISSUE : Check potential redundancy ofwith emma:medium and emma:mode
Example :
In the following example the emotion is expressed through the voice , which is a modality included in the basicModalities set .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > < emotion > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name= " satisfaction " /> < modality set=" basicModalities " mode= " voice " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
In case of multimodal expression of an emotion , a list of space separated modalities can be indicated in the mode attribute , like in the following example in which the two values " face " and " voice " must be included in the basicModalities set .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > < emotion > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name= " satisfaction " /> < modality set=" basicModalities " mode = " face voice " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
See also the example at section 5.1.2 Automatic recognition of emotions
ISSUE : An alternative way of representing more modalities is to indicate one < modality > element for each of them .
In order to better classify and distinguish them , an identifier attribute could be introduced .
ISSUE : Depending on the previous issue , it must be discussed whether one or more than one < modality > elements can occur inside an < emotion > element .
2.3.3 The < metadata > element
Annotation < metadata > Definition
This element can be used to annotate arbitrary metadata .
Occurence A single < metadata > elements MAY occur as a child of the < emotionml > root tag to indicate global metadata , i.e. the annotations are valid for the document scope ; furthermore , a single < metadata > element MAY occur as a child of each < emotion > element to indicate local metadata that is only valid for that < emotion > element .
This element can contain arbitrary data ( one option could be [ RDF ] data ) , either on a document global level or on a local " per annotation element " level .
ISSUE : One of the design goals of the EmotionML was that no free text should be allowed , i.e. if all XML tags would be removed from a document , no annotation would be left .
This current < metadata > element enables a violation of this rule .
An alternative to annotate metadata would be a generic element that uses " name " and " value " attributes to express arbitrary data , though this would be less flexible , because complex data structures ( like XML data ) could not be used .
< metadata > with ISSUE : Check potential redundancy ofwith < emma:info >
Examples :
In the following example , the automatic classification for an annotation document was performed by a classifier based on Gaussian Mixture Models ( GMM ) ; the speakers of the annotated elements were of different German origins .
< emotionml > < metadata > < classifiers : classifier classifiers : name= " GMM " /> </metadata > < emotion > < metadata > < origin:localization value= " bavarian " /> </metadata > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name= " joy " / > </emotion > < emotion > < metadata > < origin:localization value= " swabian " /> </metadata > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name = " sadness " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
2.4 Links and time
2.4.1 The < link > element
Annotation < link >
Definition
Links may be used to relate the emotion annotation to the " rest of the world " , more specifically to the emotional expression , the experiencing subject , the trigger , and the target of the emotion .
Children None Attributes Required : uri , a URI identifying the actual link .
: Optional : role , the type of relation between the emotion and the external item referred to ; one of " expressedBy " ( default ) , " experiencedBy " , " triggeredBy " , " targeted At " .
start denotes the start timepoint of an emotion display in a media file .
It defaults to " 0 " .
end denotes the end timepoint of an emotion display in a media file .
It defaults to the time length of the media file .
: Occurrence Multiple < link > items MAY occur as children of < emotion > .
A < link > element provides a link to media as a URI [ RFC3986 ] .
The semantics of links are described by the role attribute which MUST have one of four values :
" expressedBy " indicates that the link points to observable behavior expressing the emotion .
This is the default value if the role attribute is not explicitly stated ;
attribute is not explicitly stated ; " experiencedBy " indicates that the link refers to the subject experiencing the emotion ;
" triggeredBy " indicates that the link identifies an emotion - eliciting event that caused the emotional reaction ;
" targeted At " indicates that the link points to an object towards which an emotion - related action , or action tendency , is directed .
For resources representing a period of time , start and end time MAY be denoted by use of the optional attributes start and end that default to " 0 " and the time length of the media file , respectively .
ISSUE : What do the default values of " start " and " end " mean for resources that do not have a notion of time , such as XML nodes , picture files , etc . ?
Maybe there should not be default values , so start and end are unspecified if the start and end attributes are not explicitly stated ?
< link > with ISSUE : Check potential redundancy ofwith < emma:source >
There is no restriction regarding the number of < link > elements that MAY occur as children of < emotion > .
Example :
The following example illustrates the link to two different URIs having a different role with respect to the emotion : one link points to the emotion 's expression , e.g. a video clip showing a user expressing the emotion ; the other link points to the trigger that caused the emotion , e.g. another video clip that was seen by the person eliciting the expressed emotion .
Note that no media sub - classing is used to differentiate between different media types as audio , video , text , etc .
Several links may follow as children of one < emotion > tag , even having the same role : for example a video and physiological sensor data of the expressed emotion .
< emotion > < link uri=" http :... " role = " expressedBy " /> < link uri=" http :... " role= " triggered By " /> </emotion >
ISSUE : Position on a time line in externally linked objects needs to be finalized .
Agreement was found to include absolute and relative timing .
Start and end provision is preferred over provision of a duration attribute .
Further no onset , hold , or decay will be included at the moment .
However , the following questions remain :
How should timing be defined syntactically ?
It needs to be specified where timing may occur , that is , is it an element or an attribute ( as presently contained by start and end ) .
Thereby only one of these choices should exist .
ISSUE :
The example points out that we allow links with same role to different media types , without making the media types explicit .
The relation of this mechanism with emma :media - type should be investigated .
2.4.2 Timestamps
ISSUE : Check potential redundancy of timestamps with Timestamps in EMMA
2.4.2.1 Absolute time
Annotation date Definition Attribute to denote an absolute timepoint as specified in the ISO - 8601 standard .
Occurrence
The attribute MAY occur inside an < emotion > element .
date denotes the absolute timepoint at which an emotion or related state happened .
This might be used for example with an " emotional diary " application .
The attribute MAY be used with an < emotion > element , and MUST be a string in conformance to W3C datetime note based on the ISO - 8601 standard .
ISSUE : How to specify dates before christ ?
Examples :
In the following example , the emotion category " joy " is annotated for the 23 November 2001 , 14:36 hours UTC .
<emotion date = " 2001-11-23T14:36 Z " > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name= " joy " / > </emotion >
2.4.2.2 Timing in media
Annotation start , end Definition Attributes to denote start and endpoint of an annotation in a media stream .
Allowed values must be conform with the SMIL clock value syntax Occurence
The attributes MAY occur inside a < link > element .
start denotes the timepoint from which on an emotion or related state is displayed in a media file .
It is optional and defaults to " 0 " .
end denotes the timepoint at which an emotion or related state ends to be displayed in a media file .
It is optional and defaults to the time length of the media file .
Both attributes MAY be used with a < link > element and MUST be a string in conformance to the SMIL clock value syntax .
ISSUE : Is the SMIL clock value syntax too complicated and should be replaced by simple milliseconds as used in EMMA ?
Examples :
In the following example , the emotion category " joy " is displayed in a video file called " myVideo.avi " from the 3rd to the 9th second .
< emotion > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name= " joy " /> < link uri=" myVideo.avi " start = " 3s " end = " 9s " /> </emotion >
2.4.2.3 Timing reference
Annotation timeRefURI Definition Attribute indicating the URI used to anchor the relative timestamp .
Annotation timeRefAnchor Definition Attribute indicating whether to measure the time from the start or end of the interval designated with timeRefURI .
Possible values are " start " and " end " , default value is " start " .
Annotation offsetToStart Definition Attribute with a time value , defaulting to zero .
It specifies the offset for the start of input from the anchor point designated with timeRefURI and timeRefAnchor .
Allowed values must be conform with the SMIL clock value syntax Occurence
The above attributes MAY occur as part of an < emotion > .
If offsetToStart or timeRefAnchor are given , timeRefURI MUST also be specified .
timeRefURI , timeRefAnchor and offsetToStart may be used to set the timing of an emotion or related state relative to the timing of another annotated element .
ISSUE : Is the SMIL clock value syntax too complicated and should be replaced by simple milliseconds as used in EMMA ?
Examples :
In the following example , Fred is annotated as being sad on 23 November 2001 at 14:39 hours , three minutes later than the absolutely positioned reference element .
< emotion id=" annasJoy " date = " 2001-11-23T14:36 Z " > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name= " joy " / > </emotion > < emotion id =" fredsSadness " timeRefURI= " #annasJoy " timeRefAnchor= " end " offsetToStart = " 3min " > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name = " sadness " /> </emotion >
ISSUE : Is it important to provide for explicit elements or attributes to annotate onset , hold and decay phases ?
Here 's an example for a possible syntax : < emoml : timing >
< emoml : onset start = " 00:00:01:00 " duration = " 00:00:04:00 " />
< emoml : hold start = " 00:00:05:00 " duration = " 00:00:02:00 " />
< emoml : decay start = " 00:00:07:00 " duration = " 00:00:06:00 " />
</emoml:timing >
2.5 Scale values
Scale values are needed to represent content in dimension , appraisal and action - tendency elements , as well as in < intensity > and confidence .
Representations of scale values can vary along three axes :
static vs. dynamic : a static , constant scale value is represented using the value attribute ; for dynamic values , their evolution over time is expressed using the < trace > element .
attribute ; for dynamic values , their evolution over time is expressed using the element .
unipolar vs. bipolar : conceptually , a scale can represent concepts that vary from " nothing " to " a lot " ( unipolar scales ) , or concepts that vary between two opposites , from " very negative " to " very positive " ( bipolar scales ) .
numeric vs. discrete : some use cases require scale values to be represented as continuous numeric values , whereas other use cases require a number of discrete values .
2.5.1
The value attribute
Annotation value Definition Representation of a static scale value .
Occurrence
An optional attribute of dimension , appraisal and action - tendency elements and of < intensity > ; these elements MUST either contain a value attribute or a < trace > element .
The value attribute represents a static scale value of the enclosing element .
Conceptually , each dimension , appraisal and action - tendency element is either unipolar or bipolar .
The definition of a set of dimensions , appraisals or action tendencies MUST define , for each item in the set , whether it is unipolar or bipolar .
< intensity > is a unipolar scale .
Legal values :
For unipolar scales , legal values are one of a floating - point value from the interval [ 0 ; 2 ] , where usual values are in the range [ 0; 1 ] , and values in [ 1 ; 2 ] can be used to represent exaggerated values ; a fixed number of discrete values ( see ISSUE note below ) .
For bipolar scales , legal values are one of a floating - point value from the interval [ - 2 ; 2 ] , where usual values are in the range [ - 1;1 ] , and values in [ - 2 ; - 1 ] and [ 1 ; 2 ] can be used to represent exaggerated values ; a fixed number of discrete values ( see ISSUE note below ) .
verbal scales , such as “ very negative – negative – neutral – positive – very positive ” ;
abstract scales , such as “ -- - 0 + ++ ” ISSUE : The list of legal discrete values needs to be finalized .
There are two options for discrete five - point scales :
It seems difficult to find generic wordings for verbal scales which fit to all possible uses ; however , abstract scales may be unintuitive to use .
One option would be to use the definition of vocabulary sets for dimensions , appraisals and action tendencies to define the list of legal discrete values for each dimension .
As a result , there would potentially be different discrete values , potentially even a different number of values , for each dimension .
Generic interpretability may still be possible , though , because of the requirement to state whether a scale is unipolar or bipolar and in combination with a requirement to list the possible values in increasing order .
ISSUE : Should we allow users to define a different range of legal numeric values , e.g. [ 0 ; 8 ] , related to a Likert scale ?
ISSUE :
The concept of discrete scale values is a candidate for removal .
Examples of the value attribute can be found in the context of the dimension , appraisal and action - tendency elements and of < intensity > .
2.5.2 The < trace > element
Annotation < trace > Definition Representation of the time evolution of a dynamic scale value .
Children None Attributes Required : freq , a sampling frequency in Hz. samples , a space - separated list of numeric scale values representing the scale value of the enclosing element as it changes over time .
: Optional : samples - confidence , a space - separated list of numeric scale values representing the annotator 's confidence that the annotation is correct , as it changes over time .
: Occurrence
An optional child element of dimension , appraisal and action - tendency elements and of < intensity > ; these elements MUST either contain a value attribute or a < trace > element .
A < trace > element represents the time course of a numeric scale value .
It can not be used for discrete scale values .
The freq attribute indicates the sampling frequency at which the values listed in the samples attribute are given .
A < trace >
MAY include a trace of the confidence alongside with the trace of the scale itself , in the samples - confidence attribute .
If present , samples - confidence MUST use the same sampling frequency as the content scale , as given in the freq attribute .
If the enclosing element contains a ( static ) confidence attribute , the < trace > MUST NOT have a samples - confidence attribute .
In other words , it is possible to indicate either a static or a dynamic confidence for a given scale value , but not both .
NOTE : The < trace > representation requires a periodic sampling of values .
In order to represent values that are sampled aperiodically , separate < emotion > annotations with appropriate timing information and individual value attributes may be used .
Examples :
The following example illustrates the use of a trace to represent an episode of fear during which intensity is rising , first gradually , then quickly to a very high value .
Values are taken at a sampling frequency of 10 Hz , i.e. one value every 100 ms .
< emotion > < category set=" everydayEmotions " name = " fear " /> < intensity > < trace freq = " 10 Hz " samples =
" 0.1 0.1 0.15 0.2 0.2 0.25 0.25 0.25 0.3 0.3 0.35 0.5 0.7 0.8 0.85 0.85 " /> </intensity > </emotion >
The following example combines a trace of the appraisal " novelty " with a global confidence that the values represent the facts properly .
There is a sudden peak of novelty ; the annotator is reasonable certain that the annotation is correct :
< emotion > < appraisals set=" someSetWithNovelty " > < novelty confidence = " 0.75 " > < trace freq = " 10 Hz " samples =
" 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.7 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.4 0.2 0.1 0.1 0.1 " /> </ novelty > </ appraisals > </emotion >
In the following example , the confidence itself also changes over time .
The observation is the same as before , but the confidence drops at the point where the novelty is rising , indicating some uncertainty where exactly the novelty appraisal is rising :
< emotion > < appraisals set=" someSetWithNovelty " > < novelty > < trace freq = " 10 Hz " samples =
" 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.7 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.8 0.4 0.2 0.1 0.1 0.1 " samples - confidence = " 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.4 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.7 " /> </ novelty > </ appraisals > </emotion >
ISSUE : The attribute samples - confidence is a candidate for removal .
3 Defining vocabularies for representing emotions
EmotionML markup MUST refer to one or more vocabularies to be used for representing emotion - related states .
Due to the lack of agreement in the community , the EmotionML specification does not preview a single default set which should apply if no set is indicated .
Instead , the user MUST explicitly state the value set used .
ISSUE : How to define the actual vocabularies to use for < category > , < dimensions > , < appraisals > and < action - tendencies > remains to be specified .
As described in Considerations regarding the validation of EmotionML documents , a suitable method may be to define an XML format in which these sets can be defined .
The format for defining a vocabulary MUST fulfill at least the following requirements : it MUST be possible to refer to a vocabulary , e.g. by means of a URI ;
the vocabulary MUST state explicitly whether it represents category names , dimension elements , appraisal elements or action tendency elements ;
the use of the vocabulary MUST only be possible for the intended type of use ( e.g. , it MUST NOT be possible to use category names as dimension elements ) ;
for dimension , appraisal and action tendency vocabularies , the legal Scale values of each dimension MUST be defined .
Furthermore , the format SHOULD allow for formal or informal annotation of the meaning of the vocabulary set as a whole ( e.g. , the type of affective state being described ) and
formal or informal annotation of the meaning of the vocabulary items used ( characterization of the meaning of a vocabulary item , either by informal description or by using some formal ontology ) .
3.1 Centrally defined default vocabularies
ISSUE : The EmotionML specification SHOULD come with a carefully - chosen selection of default vocabularies , representing a suitably broad range of emotion - related states and use cases .
Advice from the affective sciences SHOULD be sought to obtain a balanced set of default vocabularies .
3.2 User - defined custom vocabularies
EmotionML markup makes no syntactic difference between referring to centrally - defined default vocabularies and referring to user - defined custom vocabularies .
Therefore , one option to define a custom vocabulary is to create a definition XML file in the same way as it is done for the default vocabularies .
ISSUE : In addition , it may be desirable to embed the definition of custom vocabularies inside an < emotionml > document , e.g. by placing the definition XML element as a child element below the document element < emotionml > .
4 Conformance
4.1 EmotionML namespace
The EmotionML namespace is " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " .
All EmotionML elements MUST use this namespace .
ISSUE : This section is a stub .
It will be filled with the proper content in a future working draft .
4.2 Use with other namespaces
The EmotionML namespace is intended to be used with other XML namespaces as per the Namespaces in XML Recommendation ( 1.0 [ XML - NS10 ] or 1.1 [ XML - NS11 ] , depending on the version of XML being used ) .
ISSUE : This section is a stub .
It will be filled with the proper content in a future working draft .
4.3 Considerations regarding the validation of EmotionML documents
There is an intrinsic tension between the requirement of using plug - in vocabularies and the formal verification that a document is valid with respect to the specification .
The issue has been pointed out repeatedly throughout this report , and is not yet solved .
The following two subsections provide elements which may be part of a solution .
4.3.1 Use of QNAMES
A proposal under consideration is to use QNAMES to specify custom values for attributes .
This solution allows to substitute the set attribute from many elements with a namespace declaration to be used as QNAME for the value of the attribute .
With this solution the attribute values are one or more white space separated QNames as defined in Section 4 of Namespaces in XML ( 1.0 [ XML - NS10 ] or 1.1 [ XML - NS11 ] , depending on the version of XML being used ) .
When the attribute content is a QName , it is expanded into an expanded - name using the namespace declarations that are in scope for the relative element .
Thus , each QName provides a reference to a specific item in the referred namespace .
In the example below , the QName " everydayEmotions : satisfaction " is the value of the name attribute and it will be expanded to the " satisfaction " item in the " http://www.example.com/everyday_emotion_catg_tags " namespace .
The taxonomy for the everyday emotion categories has to be documented at the specified namespace URI .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xmlns:everydayEmotions = " http://www.example.com/everyday_emotion_catg_tags " > < emotion > < category name= " everydayEmotions: satisfaction " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
This solution allows for referencing different dictionaries depending on the namespace declarations .
Moreover , the namespace qualification will make the new set of values unique .
The drawbacks of this solution are the absence of a simple and clear way on how to validate the QNAME attribute values , and a more verbose syntax of the attribute contents .
4.3.2 Dynamic schema creation
A static schema document can only fully validate a language where the valid element names and attribute values are known at the time when the schema is written .
For EmotionML , this is not possible because of the fundamental requirement to give users the option of using their own vocabularies .
The following is an idea for dynamically creating a schema document from a base schema and the vocabulary sets referenced in the document itself .
An EmotionML document refers to a centrally defined generic schema , one or more vocabularies which may be centrally defined or user - specific , and to a centrally defined XProc script ; the generic schema defines the legal structure of EmotionML documents using a schema language such as XML Schema , RelaxNG or Schematron , but using placeholders for concrete vocabulary items ; each vocabulary is defined using an XML format known to the XProc script ; the XProc script defines the workflow for validating an EmotionML document : from the EmotionML document , look up the generic schema and the custom vocabularies ; through a suitable mechanism such as XSLT , merge the generic schema and the custom vocabularies into a ( short - lived ) custom schema ; validate the EmotionML document using the custom schema in the usual way .
< category > ) and child element names ( for < dimensions > , < appraisals > and < action - tendencies > ) in a given set , which is either identified using the set attribute or using ISSUE :
The choice of a suitable schema language depends on the required expressive power .
The schema language must allow for the verification of both attribute values ( for ) and child element names ( forand ) in a given set , which is either identified using theattribute or using QNAMES
ISSUE :
It is unclear how user software can know that an EmotionML document is to be validated using the XProc script .
5 Examples ( informative )
5.1 Examples of emotion annotation
5.1.1 Manual annotation of emotional material
Use case 1b - ii : Annotation of static images
An image gets annotated with several emotion categories at the same time , but different intensities .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > < metadata > < media-type>image</media-type > < media-id> disgust</media-id > < media-set > JACFEE-database</media-set > < doc >Example adapted from ( Hall & Matsumoto 2004 )
http://www.davidmatsumoto.info/Articles/2004_hall_and_matsumoto.pdf
</doc > </metadata > < emotion > < category set= " basicEmotions " name = " Disgust " /> < intensity value = " 0.82 " /> </emotion > < emotion > < category set= " basicEmotions " name = " Contempt " /> < intensity value = " 0.35 " /> </emotion > < emotion > < category set= " basicEmotions " name = " Anger " /> < intensity value = " 0.12 " /> </emotion > < emotion > < category set= " basicEmotions " name = " Surprise " /> < intensity value = " 0.53 " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
Use case 1c - i : Annotation of videos
Example 1 : Annotation of a whole video : several emotions are annotated with different intensities .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > < metadata > < media-type>video</media-type > < media-name>ed1_4</media-name > < media-set > humaine database</media-set > < coder- set > JM - AB-UH</coder-set > </ metadata > < emotion > < category set =" humaineDatabaseLabels " name = " Amusement " /> < intensity value = " 0.52 " /> </emotion > < emotion > < category set =" humaineDatabaseLabels " name = " Irritation " /> < intensity value = " 0.63 " /> </emotion > < emotion > < category set =" humaineDatabaseLabels " name = " Relaxed " /> < intensity value = " 0.02 " /> </emotion > < emotion > < category set =" humaineDatabaseLabels " name= " Frustration " /> < intensity value = " 0.87 " /> </emotion > < emotion > < category set =" humaineDatabaseLabels " name = " Calm " /> < intensity value = " 0.21 " /> </emotion > < emotion > < category set =" humaineDatabaseLabels " name= " Friendliness " /> < intensity value= " 0.28 " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
Example 2 : Annotation of a video segment , where two emotions are annotated for the same timespan .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > < metadata > < media-type>video</media-type > < media-name>ext-03</media-name > < media-set > EmoTV</media-set > < coder>4</coder > </metadata > < emotion > < category set = " emoTV-labels " name= " irritation " /> < intensity value = " 0.46 " /> < link uri=" ext03.avi " start = " 3.24s " end =" 15.4s " > < /emotion > < emotion > < category set = " emoTV-labels " name = " despair " /> < intensity value = " 0.48 " /> < link uri=" ext03.avi " start = " 3.24s " end =" 15.4s " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
5.1.2 Automatic recognition of emotions
This example shows how automatically annotated data from three affective sensor devices might be stored or communicated .
It shows an excerpt of an episode experienced on 23 November 2001 from 14:36 onwards .
Each device detects an emotion , but at slightly different times and for different durations .
The next entry of observed emotions occurs about 6 minutes later .
Only the physiology sensor has detected a short glimpse of anger , for the visual and IR camera it was below their individual threshold so no entry from them .
For simplicity , all devices use categorical annotations and the same set of categories .
Obviously it would be possible , and even likely , that different devices from different manufacturers provide their data annotated with different emotion sets .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > ... < emotion date = " 2001-11-23T14:36 Z " > <!-- the first modality detects excitement .
It is a camera observing the face .
An URI to the database ( a dedicated port at the server ) is provided to access the video stream .--> < category set =" everyday " name = " excited " /> < modality medium =" visual " mode = " face " /> < link uri= " http://www.example.com " start = " 26s " end = " 98s " /> </emotion > < emotion date = " 2001-11-23T14:36 Z " > <!-- the second modality detects anger .
It is an IR camera observing the face .
An URI to the database ( a dedicated port at the server ) is provided to access the video stream .--> < category set =" everyday " name = " angry " /> < modality medium = " infrared " mode = " face " /> < link uri= " http://www.example.com " start = " 23s " end =" 108s " /> </emotion > < emotion date = " 2001-11-23T14:36 Z " > <!-- the third modality detects excitement again .
It is a wearable device monitoring physiological changes in the body .
An URI to the database ( a dedicated port at the server ) is provided to access the data stream .--> < category set =" everyday " name = " excited " /> < modality medium =" physiological " mode= " body " /> < link uri= " http://www.example.com " start = " 19s " end =" 101s " /> </emotion > < emotion date = " 2001-11-23T14:42 Z " > < category set =" everyday " name = " angry " /> < modality medium=" physiological " mode= " body " /> < link uri= " http://www.example.com " start = " 2s " end = " 6s " /> </emotion > ... </emotionml >
NOTE that handling of complex emotions is not explicitly specified .
This example assumes that parallel occurrences of emotions will be determined on the time stamp .
NOTE that the used set of emotion descriptions needs to be specified for the document , see Defining vocabularies for representing emotions .
ISSUE :
This example assumes that time information at the emotion element level is in full minutes and the modality specific times offsets on this .
This needs to be specified and consistent throughout the markup .
5.1.3 Generation of emotion - related system behavior
The following example describes various aspects of an emotionally competent robot .
< emotionml xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > < metadata > < name > robbie the robot example </ name > </ metadata > <!--
Appraised value of incoming event --> < emotion > < modality mode= " senses " /> < appraisals set=" scherer_appraisals_checks " > < novelty value = " 0.8 " confidence = " 0.4 " /> < intrinsic - pleasantness value= " - 0.5 " confidence = " 0.8 " /> </ appraisals > </emotion > <!--
Robots current internal state configuration --> < emotion > < modality mode= " internal " /> < dimensions set=" arousal_valence_potency " > < arousal value= " 0.3 " /> < valence value= " 0.9 " /> < potency value= " 0.8 " /> </dimensions > </emotion > <!--
Robots output action tendencies --> < emotion > < modality mode= " body " /> < action - tendencies set=" myRobotActionTendencies " > < charge - battery value= " 0.9 " /> < seek - shelter value= " 0.7 " /> < pickup - boxes value= " - 0.2 " /> </action - tendencies > </emotion > <!--
Robots facial gestures --> < emotion > < modality mode= " face " /> < category set =" ekman_universal " name= " joy " /> < link role = " expressedBy " start= " 0 " end = " 5s " uri= " smile .
xml " /> </emotion > </emotionml >
5.2 Examples of possible use with other markup languages
One intended use of EmotionML is as a plug - in for existing markup languages .
For compatibility with text - annotating markup languages such as SSML , EmotionML avoids the use of text nodes .
All EmotionML information is encoded in element and attribute structures .
This section illustrates the concept using two existing W3C markup languages : EMMA and SSML .
5.2.1 Use with EMMA
EMMA is made for representing arbitrary analysis results ; one of them could be the emotional state .
The following example represents an analysis of a non-verbal vocalization ; its emotion is described as most probably a low - intensity state , maybe boredom .
< emma:emma version = " 1.0 " xmlns:emma= " http://www.w3.org/2003/04/emma " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " > < emma:interpretation start = " 12457990 " end =" 12457995 " mode = " voice " verbal= " false " > < emotion > < intensity value = " 0.1 " confidence = " 0.8 " /> < category set=" everydayEmotions " name= " boredom " confidence = " 0.1 " /> </emotion > </emma:interpretation > </emma:emma >
5.2.2 Use with SSML
Two options for using EmotionML with SSML can be illustrated .
First , it is possible with the current draft version of SSML [ SSML 1.1 ] to use arbitrary markup belonging to a different namespace anywhere in an SSML document ; only SSML processors that support the markup would take it into account .
Therefore , it is possible to insert EmotionML below , for example , an < s > element representing a sentence ; the intended meaning is that the enclosing sentence should be spoken with the given emotion , in this case a moderately doubtful tone of voice :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?> < speak version = " 1.1 " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis " xmlns:emo= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xml:lang= " en - US " > < s > < emo:emotion > < emo:category set=" everydayEmotions " name = " doubt " /> < emo:intensity value= " 0.4 " /> </emo:emotion >
Do you need help ?
</s> </ speak >
Second , a future version of SSML could explicitly preview the annotation of paralinguistic information , which could fill the gap between the extralinguistic , speaker - constant settings of the < voice > tag and the linguistic elements such as < s > , < emphasis > , < say - as > etc .
The following example assumes that there is a < style > tag for paralinguistic information in a future version of SSML .
The style could either embed an < emotion > , as follows :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?> < speak version= " x.y " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis " xmlns:emo= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xml:lang= " en - US " > < s > < style > < emo:emotion > < emo:category set=" everydayEmotion " name = " doubt " /> < emo:intensity value= " 0.4 " /> </emo:emotion >
Do you need help ?
</ style > </s > </ speak >
Alternatively , the < style > could refer to a previously defined < emotion > , for example :
<?xml version = " 1.0 " ?> < speak version= " x.y " xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis " xmlns:emo= " http://www.w3.org/2009/10/emotionml " xml:lang= " en- US " > < emo:emotion id =" somewhatDoubtful " > < emo:category set=" everydayEmotion " name = " doubt " /> < emo:intensity value= " 0.4 " /> </emo:emotion > < s > < style ref= " #somewhatDoubtful " >
Do you need help ?
</ style > </s > </ speak >
6 References
7 Acknowledgments
The authors wish to acknowledge the contributions by all members of the Emotion Markup Language Incubator Group and the Emotion Incubator Group , in particular the following persons ( in alphabetic order ) :
IN LESS than 24 hours , dumped operator Connex will depart Melbourne 's train network .
But chairman Jonathan Metcalfe says commuters should not expect a rail revolution .
Mr Metcalfe said new operator MTM , which is owned mainly by Hong Kong company MTR and starts an eight - year contract at 3 am tomorrow , would bring technical expertise and a rigorous performance approach to the network , but '' there 's no silver bullet ' ' .
Connex chief Jonathan Metcalfe .
Credit : Paul Jones
'' This is a complicated , heavily utilised , aged railway .
Anyone who says a new operator … can walk in here on Monday and things will be fundamentally different and there wo n't be problems and issues and things that disrupt the railway are kidding themselves , '' Mr Metcalfe said .
He said Connex 's biggest challenge had been an unprecedented patronage boom that had almost doubled the number of trips on the network during the company 's decade in charge .
The concept for this strip does n’t stray too far from reality .
Â
Many colleges and universities are cancelling traditional literature courses in favor of these types of “ pop culture ” courses Â
The argument is to give students what they want , but if that were the case would n’t we give them a free degree with a box of doughnuts ?
Â
Mmm , doughnuts .
There ’s an animosity between President Czar and the faculty that borders on the absurd .
Â
How long has he had this comeback planned ?
Â
Surely he has been waiting for someone to complain just for the chance to deliver it .
Â
That sounds about right for most management types .
If you have enjoyed Bede 's Library , you can order my book , The Genesis of Science : How the Christian Middle Ages Launched the Scientific Revolution ( US ) from Amazon.com or God 's Philosophers : How the Medieval World Laid the Foundations of Modern Science ( UK ) from Amazon.co.uk .
For my latest thoughts on science , politics , religion and history , read Quodlibeta CLICK HERE
Refuting the myth that Jesus never existed Introduction
The thesis that Jesus never existed has hovered around the fringes of research into the New Testament for centuries but never been able to become an accepted theory .
This is for good reason , as it is simply a bad hypothesis based on arguments from silence , special pleading and an awful lot of wishful thinking .
It is ironic that atheists will buy into this idea and leave all their pretensions of critical thinking behind .
I will adapt what has become popular usage and call people who deny Jesus ' existence ' Jesus Mythologists ' .
A huge amount has been written on the web and elsewhere which you can find in the further reading section below .
Not all Jesus Mythologists are lunatics and one at least , Earl Doherty , is extremely erudite and worth reading .
Nevertheless , he is still wrong and , as I have seen myself , he reacts badly to those who demonstrate it .
It is not my intention to study the minutiae of the argument but instead focus on three central points which are often brought up on discussion boards .
These are the lack of secular references , the alleged similarities to paganism and the silence of Paul .
Finally I want to bring all these together to show how ideas similar to those that deny Jesus ' existence can be used on practically any ancient historical figure .
With this in mind I set out to prove that Hannibal never existed .
Roman Historians
Occasionally people ask why there is no record of Jesus in Roman records .
The answer is that there are no surviving Roman records but only highly parochial Roman historians who had little interest in the comings and goings of minor cults and were far more concerned about Emperors and Kings .
Jesus made a very small splash while he was alive and there was no reason for Roman historians to notice him .
Christianity is mentioned by the historian Tacitus in the early second century .
But he talks about it only because Christians were unfortunate enough to be made scapegoats by the Emperor Nero for the great fire of Rome .
Tacitus is interested in the Emperor , not his victims about whom he gives very limited information .
Still , he does tell us that Jesus existed and was crucified under Pontius Pilate .
Jesus Mythologists counter this by claiming that he could have got his information from Christians which means his evidence is not independent .
So , we have a very convenient situation for the Jesus Mythologists .
Until Christianity had spread no one except Christians would be interested in Jesus but all later records are ruled out of court as they are tainted by association with Christianity .
This sort of special pleading is one of the reasons that modern historians have no time for these theories as they are set up to be impossible to disprove .
In fact , Christian evidence for a human Jesus who was crucified is trustworthy because it ran counter to the myths of the time and suggested that he had suffered a humiliating death .
If they made it up and then suppressed the truth with clinical efficiency , why did they come up with a story which even the Christian apologist , Tertullian , admitted was absurd ?
It seems far more likely that they had a large number of historical facts that they had to rationalise into a religion rather than creating all these difficulties for themselves .
Sometimes Jesus Mythologists will produce long lists of writers none of whom have the slightest reason to mention an obscure Jewish miracle worker and somehow think this strengthens their point .
In fact , it has all the relevance of picking fifty books off your local library shelf and finding that none of them mention Carl Sagan .
Does that mean he did not exist either ?
Jesus was not even a failed military leader of the kind that Romans might have noticed - especially if he had been defeated by someone famous .
Josephus
The only historian who we might expect to mention Jesus is Josephus , a Jew who wrote a history of his people up to 66AD , which is called ' Jewish Antiquities ' .
In fact , Josephus does mention Jesus twice and so Jesus Mythologists have to devote a lot of attention to attacking the relevant passages .
Their job is made easier because Josephus , a Pharisee , probably felt nothing but contempt for Jesus which meant later Christians tried to ' correct ' his negative wording .
The majority opinion on Josephus is that the parts of the passage from book 18 of ' Jewish Antiquities ' which are in red below are the additions of a Christian scribe trying to make Jesus appear in a better light .
Now there was about this time Jesus , a wise man , if it be lawful to call him a man ; for he was a doer of wonderful works , a teacher of such men as receive the truth with pleasure .
He drew over to him both many of the Jews and many of the Gentiles .
He was the Christ .
And when Pilate , at the suggestion of the principal men amongst us , had condemned him to the cross , those that loved him at the first did not forsake him ; for he appeared to them alive again the third day ; as the divine prophets had foretold these and ten thousand other wonderful things concerning him .
And the tribe of Christians , so named from him , are not extinct at this day .
Josephus , Jewish Antiquities , 18 , 3 , 3 To support this idea we can look at the works of the Christian father Origen who was writing in the mid-third century .
This was while Christianity was still a minor cult with no power or influence .
It was generally ignored by the authorities as long as it kept its head down .
Therefore there is no way that Christians this early could have either knobbled Josephus so that no undoctored copies were available or got away with quoting something from Josephus that was not there .
We have no reason to suppose that a bright chap like Origen would even have tried and so can be sure that the copy of Josephus he read and quoted from was unamended by earlier Christians .
We can be doubly sure of this because Origen flatly contradicts the modern version of Josephus where the Jewish historian is made to say Jesus was the Messiah .
Origen makes clear he said no such thing .
What use would the early fathers have had for a passage in Josephus saying Jesus was not the Messiah ?
An educated Jew saying this would not be helpful in an apologetic sense as it would demonstrate that the prophecies in the Old Testament were not nearly as clear cut as early Christians would have liked to have believed .
And because no one ever challenged Jesus ' existence , they never had reason to point to a critical Jewish source to prove he did .
Hence Josephus was not quoted by the few earlier Christian writers .
So what exactly did Origen say ?
Here are two passages which say basically the same thing and which reinforce each other :
And to so great a reputation among the people for righteousness did this James rise , that Flavius Josephus , who wrote the " Antiquities of the Jews " in twenty books , when wishing to exhibit the cause why the people suffered so great misfortunes that even the temple was razed to the ground , said , that these things happened to them in accordance with the wrath of God in consequence of the things which they had dared to do against James the brother of Jesus who is called Christ .
And the wonderful thing is , that , though he did not accept Jesus as Christ , he yet gave testimony that the righteousness of James was so great ; and he says that the people thought that they had suffered these things because of James .
Origen - Matthew X , XVII
For in the 18th book of his Antiquities of the Jews , Josephus bears witness to John as having been a Baptist , and as promising purification to those who underwent the rite .
Now this writer , although not believing in Jesus as the Christ , in seeking after the cause of the fall of Jerusalem and the destruction of the temple , whereas he ought to have said that the conspiracy against Jesus was the cause of these calamities befalling the people , since they put to death Christ , who was a prophet , says nevertheless - being , although against his will , not far from the truth - that these disasters happened to the Jews as a punishment for the death of James the Just , who was a brother of Jesus ( called Christ ) - the Jews having put him to death , although he was a man most distinguished for his justice .
Origen , - Against Celsus I , XLVII
This tells us that the later passage about ' James , brother of Jesus called Christ ' certainly existed in Josephus in Origen 's time because he uses the phrase ' called Christ ' twice .
It can not be a Christian interpolation as they called James either ' James the Just ' or ' James the Brother of the Lord ' .
The reference to ' James , brother of Jesus called Christ ' is still found in Antiquities 20 and this by itself torpedoes the idea that Jesus never existed .
The idea that Christians were going around doctoring copies of Josephus while they were still a persecuted minority is just laughable .
Origen also says that Josephus did not believe Jesus was the Messiah so our present day passage on Jesus in Antiquities 18 cannot have existed although the passing reference to Jesus in Antiquities 20 is further evidence that he was actually mentioned in less flattering terms .
It should be pointed out that Origen himself reads too much into Josephus who does say the people thought the killing of James was wrong but does not go quite so far as to blame the entire Jewish War on the event .
Pagan similarities Allegations that Christianity is an adaptation of a pagan religion have been around for ages .
In the 19th century , Kersey Graves wrote his notorious The World 's Sixteen Crucified Saviours - a book so poor that even the Internet Infidels admit ( in rather more diplomatic language ) that it is a load of old cobblers .
Just recently the tradition was carried on in The Jesus Mysteries by Peter Gandy and Timothy Freke .
These two amateurs are equally willing to play fast and loose with the facts using carefully pruned quotations , mis-translation and anachronism to produce a woefully inaccurate picture .
With this is in mind I present " Bede 's Guide to the Production of a Best - seller that Undermines the Roots of Christianity " .
With this I can guarantee that you will be able to find all the parallels you like between paganism and Christianity or indeed , properly adapted , between any other two unrelated subjects that you care to name .
The first thing to do is ensure you cast your net as widely as possible .
So within Christianity you should include every cult , heresy and sect you can get your hands on .
Gnosticism will be particularly helpful as they did indeed borrow large chunks of pagan thought which is partly why they were considered heretics in the first place .
As for paganism , this can include just about everything .
Freke and Gandy comb not only Greek cults ( Oedipus ) but also Egyptian ( Horus and Osiris ) , Roman ( Bacchus ) and Persian ( Mithras ) .
Elsewhere you will find Celtic deities , Norse beserkers and Indian mystics pulled into the fray .
Now , with this vast body of writing , finding parallels will not be too challenging provided you are willing to wade through it all .
But do n't restrict yourselves to pagan religions from before the time of Christ .
Remember your methodology should be that Christians copied pagans and not the other way around .
This is useful because you can now point to similarities between paganism and Christianity after the latter was already widespread .
So if , like Freke and Gandy , you can find a picture showing Bacchus on a cross dating from two hundred years after Jesus was crucified you can still claim that the Christians copied the pagans and not the other way around .
Language is important .
Christian terms such as ' salvation ' , ' Eucharist ' , ' word made flesh ' and ' lamb of god ' are common currency today .
Therefore when translating or paraphrasing pagan sources always use modern Christian language .
Never mind that the ancient pagans would not have known what you were on about - you are not talking to them .
In this way you can call a woman being raped by various kinds of wildlife a ' virgin birth ' , you can call having ones body parts stuck back together a ' resurrection ' and you can call just about every Greek hero a ' son of god ' .
Also it is helpful to use King James Bible phrases and style when quoting pagan texts .
It gives them some more gravitas .
Do try to confuse liturgy and practice with history .
For instance the mystery religions and Christianity were both underground movements so they had to operate in similar sorts of ways .
Sacred meals and ritual washing are as old as religion itself so the Christianity using them as well as pagans is not surprising at all .
Make it sound like a complete revelation .
Say totally different things are in fact closely related .
For instance , Mithras was sometimes represented by a bull .
Say this is the same as Jesus being called the lamb of God ( ignoring that one is a symbol of sexuality and strength and the other of innocence and humility ) .
Compare the Mithric ritual of taking a shower in the warm blood of the aforementioned bull with Christian baptism with water .
Claim that the thieves crucified with Jesus are the same as a pair of torch bearers that appear on some illustrations of Bacchus .
For goodness sake do not mention the things that really made the pagan mysteries interesting .
After all your work of showing that Jesus and Bacchus are one and the same , you will lose everything if you let on that Bacchus was the god of drunkenness and his worship involved getting plastered and having sex with anything in sight ( goats being a particular favourite ) .
In fact , keep sex out of it altogether .
Yes , sex was the central feature of an awful lot of these pagan rituals but that is not the point your are trying to make .
Avoid up to date scholarship which will probably pour cold water over your vaunted theories .
You will find plenty of nineteenth and early twentieth century writers with a bone to pick that can support your wildest speculations .
And do not worry if not everyone agrees with you - you can always dismiss the dissenters as apologists or as those unable to cope with your earth shattering ideas .
Using this guide you should be able to produce as many parallels as you require to convince even the most blinkered of readers .
As you can probably tell from the above I am not impressed by the pagan myth hypothesis .
It is interesting to note that despite his vast amount of reading , hostility to orthodox Christianity and willingness to allege that most the New Testament is fictional , not even John Dominic Crossan has any time for the idea that Jesus was made up of pagan motifs .
Nor indeed do the vast majority of liberal scholars - the pagan myth hypothesis is firmly outside the pale of scholarship and with good reason .
The Non - Silence of Paul
The whole idea that Jesus did not exist started with the fact that Paul does not say very much about his life or ministry .
It is instructive to first find out what he did say so here is a list .
You can read the relevent snippet biblical text by holding your mouse over the red scripture references .
Jesus was born in human fashion , as a Jew , and had a ministry to the Jews .
( Galatians 4:4 )
) Jesus was referred to as " Son of God " .
( 1 Cor. 1:9 )
) Jesus was a direct descendent of King David .
( Romans 1:3 )
) Jesus prayed to God using the term " abba " .
( Galatians 4:6 )
) Jesus expressly forbid divorce .
( 1 Cor. 7:10 )
) Jesus taught that " preachers " should be paid for their preaching .
( 1 Cor. 9:14 )
) Jesus taught about the end - time .
( 1 Thess .
4:15 )
) Paul refers to Peter by the name Cephas ( rock ) , which was the name Jesus gave to him .
( 1 Cor. 3:22 )
) Jesus had a brother named James .
( Galatians 1:19 )
) Jesus initiated the Lord 's supper and referred to the bread and the cup .
( 1 Cor. 11:23-25 )
) Jesus was betrayed on the night of the Lord 's Supper . ( 1 Cor. 11:23-25 )
) Jesus ' death was related to the Passover Celebration .
( 1 Cor. 5:7 )
)
The death of Jesus was at the hands of earthly rulers .
( 1 Cor. 2:8 )
) Jesus underwent abuse and humiliation .
( Romans 15:3 )
) Jewish authorities were involved with Jesus ' death .
( 1 Thess .
2:14 -16 )
) Jesus died by crucifixion .
( 2 Cor. 13:4 et al )
et al ) Jesus was physically buried .
( 1 Cor. 15:4 ) It turns out that careful analysis of the letters shows that Paul was not actually all that silent at all .
The first reaction to all this from the Jesus Mythologist is to dispute that Paul wrote very many of these letters .
But actually seven of his letters are completely undisputed and all facts about Jesus 's life shown above are from these .
It is ironic that the pastoral epistles of 1 and 2 Timothy and Titus , that liberals insist are late ( and date from after the synoptic Gospels ) , contain practically no details about the life of Jesus at all .
As there are still rather a lot of details about the historical Jesus in the undisputed letters , the Jesus Mythologist will use special pleading to try and explain them away .
But as we can see , Paul is not attempting to tell Jesus 's life story , he is just using the odd snippet about Jesus where it is helpful to illustrate his point .
He knows that his readers are aware of what happened because all of his letters are to people who are already Christians .
He is not trying to convert them and he is not engaged in apologetics .
If we look at the letters of the early Christian fathers , they rarely have details about the life of Jesus except in passing because they know their readers are familiar with the Gospels .
What we today call the Gospels had not , of course , been written down at the time that Paul was preaching but oral communication was considered to be more reliable than the written word at the time .
When these people had heard about Jesus they did not need a revision primer when Paul wrote to them but specific advice about problems and controversies .
Of course , none of this will convince the Jesus Mythologist who just cannot understand why Paul does not just repeat verbatim to his correspondents what he has already told them in person .
Did Hannibal really exist ?
I want to wrap up by showing how easy it is to produce a scenario where we can deny the historicity of a major public figure .
When I published this spoof on the Secular Web 's discussion board it was taken seriously even though with hindsight it seems ridiculous .
The comments in italics are annotations to bring out points of similarity with the various Jesus Myth ideas in currency .
I would invite any Jesus Mythologist to explain to me the substantial differences between their theory and the spurious one below .
To ask whether or not the great Carthaginian general Hannibal every actually existed might seem rather pointless .
An exercise for a student learning about the nature of historical evidence perhaps but not something any serious scholar would waste time on .
But maybe we should not be too hasty in acquiescing with the opinion of establishment historians ( in other words , there 's a plot by academics stifling debate ) .
In fact , although there is plenty of writing about Hannibal , none of it is contemporary and there is no archaeological evidence for him at all ( not surprising given the Romans razed the city from whence he came ) .
Furthermore he is not mentioned in any Carthaginian sources - incredible given he was supposed to be their greatest leader ( there are no Carthaginian sources as the Romans burnt their city down ) !
We find when we actually try to pin him down he tends to recede further into the mists of time .
His exploits , such as leading elephants over the Alps , are clearly legendary ( the sceptic pretends to be incredulous but seems happy to buy his own amazing theory ) and it is not hard to find a motive for the creation of this colourful character by Roman writers ( as long we can invent a motive for fabrication we can assume that fabrication exists ) .
Rome and Carthage were great trading rivals in the Western Mediterranean and it did not take them long to come to blows .
Rome signed a peace treaty but , under the leadership of the elder Cato desperately wanted to rid itself permanently of the competition .
( this is actually true and so helps to hide when we slip into fantasy )
They needed an excuse and the idea they came up with was brilliant .
Like all ancient civilisations , the Romans rewrote history as it suited them to demonstrate their own prowess .
( a useful and exaggerated generalisation ) Consequently we should not be surprised to find that they invented a great enemy from Carthage to demonstrate the threat still existed and justify a further war to wipe them out .
The author of the fiction was Cato himself ( we need someone to point the finger at and note how there is no distinction made between the background material above and theorising here ) who we know wrote the earliest Roman History ( true as well , actually ) .
But it was intended simply as a justification for a further war with Carthage .
It contained the details of Hannibal 's alleged campaigns against the Romans including victories on Italian soil ( it might well do but Cato 's history has conveniently not survived ) .
Cato brilliantly combined the truth with his own anti-Carthaginian propaganda with the intention of goading Rome into another wholly unjustified war with the old enemy ( give the fabricator lots of credit for his invention ) .
Once the war was over and Carthage razed to the ground , the Romans were able to ensure that only their version of history survived ( this is important as it enables all other sources to be declared forgeries ) .
Therefore the myth of the great Carthaginian war leader became fact and later Roman historians like the notoriously unreliable Livy ( we have to denigrate counter sources ) simply assumed Cato 's fabrications were true ( because the ancients were stupid and simply could not do any research themselves ) .
Conclusion
In history there is little that is certain but there is also a level of scepticism that makes the task of the historian impossible .
Furthermore , the thesis that Jesus never existed requires selective scepticism about which sources are reliable and how others are interpreted .
In the end , if Jesus did not exist , it makes Christianity a much more incredible phenomena than if he did .
Further reading Books : The Evidence for Jesus - RT
France : Very few scholars have bothered reply to the Jesus Mythologists but France was one who did .
This book refutes elements of GA Wells with rigour and honesty .
Sadly only available in the UK .
One Hundred Years Before Christ - Alvar Ellegard - Literary critic invents a variation on the Dead Sea Scrolls conspiracy and then redates all the ancient documents to support it .
The Jesus Mysteries - Timothy Freke and Peter Gandy : Unadulterated rubbish from the masters of the genre .
The Jesus Puzzle - Earl Doherty : A serious minded and worthwhile effort to put the best case for an impossible theory .
The Christ Conspiracy - Acharya S : Makes Freke and Gandy look like serious scholars .
Really , really , silly and unintentionally quite funny .
The Jesus Myth - GA Wells : Another serious effort to show Jesus never existed .
Sadly for devotees the author has changed his mind now and admits he was wrong .
Web sites : Tekton Apologetics - JP
Holding : Among many other things , contains a demolition job on the Jesus Mythologists so total and complete you even end up feeling sorry for them .
The Jesus Puzzle - Earl Doherty : Worth reading if you find his book hard to get hold off .
Covers some points in more detail .
Truth be Known - Acharya S : For those who cannot believe how dreadful her book is , there is more here .
Back to contents Contact me Home ï¿½ James Hannam 2001 .
Last revised : 6 October , 2001 .
At The Law Firm of Michael S. Berardino , formerly Mangialardi & Berardino in Hartsdale , New York , your future is important .
As an experienced criminal defense lawyer , I work hard to protect you from fines , jail time , and the collateral consequences of a criminal conviction , such as the loss of your job , or the suspension of your driver ’s license .
I have worked in the New York criminal justice system for more than 34 years , first as a prosecutor and then as a criminal defense trial lawyer .
In law school , I learned the law .
As a prosecutor , I learned how the legal system really works .
As a criminal defense attorney , I use my knowledge of the law and the system to protect your rights and your freedom .
When you strip away the hype GTA III is an arena shooter where you drive around and kill shit for points .
Typically when people talk about this game they ’ll throw around terms like “ emergent ” , “ non-linear ” and “ sandbox ” as if that explains why it ’s such a blast to play .
I do n’t think it does , mainly because we ’ve just spent a good decade playing emergent , non-linear sandbox games that are not nearly as exciting or enjoyable as Rockstar ’s opus .
Freedom and player choice do not automatically translate to fun .
By championing those aspects of GTA III above others we fail to understand what really makes it tick .
If there ’s one statement that characterises the critical disease that affects this game it has to be “ GTA III lets me create my own story . ”
In a way it does but they ’re stories in the sense that “ I went to the shops and bought a packet of chips ” is a story not in the way Hamlet is a story .
That you were being chased by the cops and did a triple flip over the roof of a diner is a cool anecdote but it is n’t even remotely significant to the game ’s larger narrative .
The events that are narratively important , by which I mean they shape your character ’s arc and affect the world he inhabits , are all entirely out of the player ’s hands .
To claim that GTA III affords the player more narrative freedom than say Monkey Island is dubious .
The cry of “ go anywhere do anything ” is great for marketing but is destined to be a lie .
Our interactions with the game world must be limited and finite .
I may be able to kill prostitutes but can I buy them a warm meal , get them off the streets and teach them about Jesus ?
The only meaningful interaction you can have with a human being in GTA III is to kill them .
Where exactly is the player choice there ?
Everyone who has ever played this game has slaughtered enough virtual people to put Charles Manson to shame , is it because deep down we ’re all psychopaths ?
Of course not its because killing people is the only thing you can do .
An emergent system can still enforce as much authorial control as any other .
But none of this really matters because GTA III is an extremely fun game regardless of high brow debates about interaction and player control .
It ’s fun because it is basically in every way that matters Asteroids for the twentieth century .
The central concept of Asteroids is simple .
As you destroy rocks more rocks spawn causing increased on screen carnage .
That ’s GTA III in a nutshell .
It ’s a game where every elements works to escalate conflict until you doing the aforementioned triple flip over the diner .
Like asteroids you can just fly around refusing to shoot anything and there is a certain enjoyment to be found doing that but the game does n’t really start until you take that first shot .
After that the chain reaction builds and the game escalates .
Where GTA III differs from Asteroids is that it introduces missions to the mix .
The interesting thing about these missions is that almost all of them involve trying to restrict the innate chaos and disorder of the game ’s system .
” Drive this car but do n’t damage it too much ” or “ drive to the bank robbery but escape the cops ” .
Rockstar knew that Liberty City is hard wired like a bomb ready to go off at any moment so they designed their missions around the concept of not setting off that bomb .
And there ’s the tension that is at the heart of GTA III .
Do you set off the bomb ?
Do you drive around and complete it ’s staged little missions or do you say screw it and let the game go where it wants to go ?
The ride is chaotic , joyous and exhilarating but never once delude yourself into thinking it ’s of your own creation .
That ’s all Rockstar baby .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Violence seems to love the line running through the Rio Grande at the twin cities of Laredo , Texas , and Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas .
The Mexican community was born in the humiliation of the US - Mexican War .
When the peace treaty left the Spanish colonial town of Laredo on the American side of the river , Mexican patriots decamped to the southern bank and , legend has it , took their buried dead with them .
That favorite murder song “ The Streets of Laredo ” migrated from Great Britain ( “ The Unfortunate Rake ” ) to New Orleans ( “ St. James Infirmary ” ) and to Texas , where it mutated into the classic cowboy ballad of dying by the gun .
As I walked out in the streets of Laredo , As I walked out in Laredo one day , I spied a poor cowboy wrapped up in white linen , Wrapped up in white linen , as cold as the clay .
Now Nuevo Laredo has become the line between two major Mexican drug cartels , and every day new lyrics are written in blood to a lament we all know but fail to face .
Bullets killed the police chief last summer , just a few hours after he took office .
This brought in the Mexican army .
The ongoing slaughter of many cops and citizens caused the US government to shut down its consulate for a spell last August .
This winter the local paper was visited by some strange men , presumably working for the cartels , and they fired dozens of rounds and tossed in a grenade .
One reporter took five bullets .
The editor promptly announced a new policy :
His paper , one of the few Mexican publications on the line actually printing news about the drug cartels , would no longer report on the cartels .
One major US daily had to evacuate a reporter after getting what editors termed “ creditable death threats . ”
Dozens of US citizens from neighboring Laredo have vanished while visiting Nuevo Laredo .
This January the city experienced , at a minimum , 20 cartel killings .
Beneath this gore , women and children muddle on , some in Mexican jails .
Incarceration , like law , is a bit different in Mexico .
Conjugal visits are permitted ; small children younger than six can be locked up with their moms ; and men and women peddle goods and themselves within the walls in order to survive .
Mexican prisons often do not provide grub .
I ’ve stood in line with family members who toted a week ’s supply of food on visiting day , seen women reel out of cells in disarray after their weekly intercourse sessions with their men .
Drugs are commonplace inside the walls , as are gangs .
Money can buy anything .
For years the US Drug Enforcement Administration has complained about the posh quarters given to major drug players and how they continue to do business without interference while theoretically being under lock and key .
The women may come in clean , but they do n’t stay that way .
In Nuevo Laredo , they ’re high by 10 a.m. , then they spruce up and go off to the men ’s area to make some money .
By afternoon they return , their necks laced with hickeys .
Convicts run the prison , and the guards do as they are told by the dominant inmates .
People get killed .
And all this goes on with toddlers underfoot .
In Nuevo Laredo ’s El Penal II , the cells currently hold 71 women .
Some get pregnant while inside .
At any one time , there are 4 to 10 kids living behind bars .
For many , their options are limited :
Go to prison with mom , or go to an orphanage .
Once the children reach age six , they are tossed out .
Photographer Penny De Los Santos put it this way : “ It ’s a bad place for kids .
These people are in here for murder .
Kids have the run of the place , kids are golden , spoiled , but one child might have several caretakers .
It ’s definitely not safe .
Men come and go out of the women ’s area all day long . ”
This is an ancient story on the line and one that is traditionally ignored by both the press and the public .
And it can get worse .
In January 2005 , after President Vicente Fox implied he was going to break the cartels ’ hold over the penitentiaries , cartel thugs kidnapped six prison employees in the border town of Matamoros and dumped their bodies at the prison gates .
And so we catch hints of things in brief news flashes .
Hear truncated tales from time to time .
And then we forget and go back to our various wars — our war on drugs , our war against illegal immigration , our war for homeland security .
Meanwhile , the women rise , get high , go to the men .
Children play amid adult shouts and screams and moans of pleasure .
Murders go down .
Free trade flows down its licit and illicit lanes .
We ’re left with these photographs and they are rarities since Mexican prisons do not welcome cameras or the press .
We sense what happens to women who are forced to live this way .
But we do n’t really know what becomes of children who are given this kind of a start in life .
Twenty years ago , a man was executed by fellow drug people on the border after a career of 50 or 60 killings .
He began his bloody career when he was 13 and was then stuffed into an adult Mexican prison .
I remember going to the cops in that Mexican border town and cajoling my way in to see his mug shot and rap sheet , all this while a prisoner screamed under torture in the next room .
The 13 - year - old killer made it all the way to age 27 .
He never used a gun .
He favored scissors or a screwdriver .
I look at these pictures and I wonder what will become of these children .
But I do n’t really wonder at all .
( LTU appropriate punchline at end ) I suppose I 'm just old enough to have been raised on the " small is beautiful " philosophy , and I still hold in awe some languages built from a relatively spare set of primitive concepts : Forth , Smalltalk , Scheme , C and the Unix shell + utilities + pipeline all come readily to mind .
But recently , I 've had some time on my hands and spent some time " swimming " about in the programming language space .
A few observations .
Some of our modern languages ( some a decade + old already ) have type systems that require a PhD to understand fully .
We have a low level threading model in languages like C and Java that almost require a PhD to use effectively in any sufficiently complex system .
( Not to make a fetish of the PhD . )
In Pike 's Power Point on system research , recently posted in another thread , he mentions , IIRC , that 80 % of the Inferno (? ) effort was spent conforming to existing , externally imposed standards !
Turning to the most mainstream , popular , * production * languages - we have TRULY giant libraries that boggle the mind .
Designing an effective GUI library for the modern , newly more complex UI was a grand challenge of the late ' 80s and early 90s .
But today , we have Java / JVM , Perl , Python , C#/ CLR ( different , but still pregnant with oodles of MS API 's ) , MS binary APIs , a growing body of de facto Linux binary APIs , and even fairly rapidly growing complex Scheme libraries ( PLT ) that actually require a separate complex application to locate , manage and update - and that 's prior to presumably learning the eventually using the libraries in our applications .
We 're not in Kansas anymore .
The documentation effort alone for any of these language specific " package databases " is daunting .
And all the while , the famous " principle of least surprise " is growing stronger and stronger both with each new generation of computer user and each new generation of computer programmer .
It recall 's the joking " 10 principles " of successful programming language design , the first of which , IIRC , was " use C style curly braces " :-)
I guess that Pike 's PowerPoint on systems research had a big impact on me , and that I readily seemed able to apply it to today 's situation with programming language design and development .
Will new languages be increasingly be relegated to " toy " status until more and more design efforts and research just whither away ?
And at least my aging collection of language texts still emphasize a notion of programming language made up of a small set of data and control concepts easily combined - typically , the smaller the better .
It reminds me of my formal logic training , where the search for a set of primitives to provide the foundations of logic , set theory and mathematics formed some sort of holy grail ( sound a little like Scheme ? ) .
So I ask - do we need an about face ?
Do we need to study ( and teach ) how to build * large * programming languages : languages with type - checked integrated SQL syntax ; built in rich XML support ; myriad native persistence , serialization and network communications facilities ; a diverse family of concurrency mechanisms ; language level transaction support , including distributed transaction facilities ( MQ Series style ? ) to better support cluster computing .
As for library infrastructure and a ( poor ) degree of platform based language interoperability , we have the JVM we know and love today frankly by an historical mistake .
We have the CLR because MS has to produce a " one up " version of whatever else is popular in the computing world .
I wo n't restate the many , many gripes about each made by folk targeting , or potentially targeting , these platforms for their new , innovative languages ( while , acknowledging , that surely each also has its many interesting implementation virtues ) .
But I will invite us to recall the gripes :-)
It 's arguable that we need an academic / industry consortium effort to redesign the JVM ( presuming we do n't start from scratch ) , with a new , concerted focus on language support - advanced calling convention support such as generalized last call optimization ( or think of efficiently supporting Common Lisp calling conventions , even CLOS multimethods , combined with higher order function just for a brain teaser ) ; integration of compiler analysis with runtime call / loop support for optimizing GC or thread switch safety points ; optimized execution models to support logic programming and expert system style languages ; type systems divorced via some well defined barrier between ( more limited ) capabilities of the runtime / JIT and new , innovative ( unanticipated ) future type systems at the language level ; safe and efficient intermixing of manifestly and latently typed code and data ; rule or specification based per-language calling conventions to facilitate " auto - glue " supporting automatic cross- language library interoperability ; support for compiler and linker customization to support a variety of module systems of varying complexity ; same potentially for macro facilities , and yada yada yada .
Just a brief scenario based on examples , but I hope you get the idea .
I 'm sure many of us could go on and on , based on current personal research or commercial interests , likely isolating even more fundamental and / or timely issues that beg attention in order to support language innovation in this apparent new era of " Big is Beautiful . "
Like it or not , are we in the era of " Big is Beautiful " language design , and if so , what are we to do about it ?
Put another way , given the above described " issues , " the raw CPU itself gets in our way least of all !
So what 's the problem ?
The problem is the scale of the libraries one must support in a modern language .
The problem is increasing productivity of smallish research teams by sharing a low level 3 address code , set of SSA optimizations and code generator - and other relatively neutral infrastructure .
The problem is composing language features , * larger * features , and on a * larger scale * than the minimalist principles laid down in the days of yore .
In summary , it * appears * that the glue holds some promise , and clearly some languages benefit from it better than many others .
So can the " glue " truly become the * solution * for future language research , design and implementation ?
Scott
Correct !
Lol , no .
Real !
During an extended winter cold snap a hardened crust of ice can accumulate over parts of the falls — American Falls in particular — creating an amazing , naturally - formed ice sculpture that has been known to reach a thickness of 50 feet .
Historically , when this blanket of ice has spanned the entire Niagara River , the phenomenon has been known as the " ice bridge . "
Just as you see in the photos , people used to stroll and frolic on and around the frozen falls and even walk across the ice bridge , though no one has been allowed to do the latter since 1912 , when the bridge unexpectedly broke apart and three tourists died .
